{6000: {instructions: Cook whole beets covered, in simmering water for 4050 minutes until tender. Drain, and cool slightly, remove skin and cut into thin strips.nFor dressing: combine oil, vinegar, zest, orange juice, green onion, mint and honey in screwtop jar, shake to combine. Toss half of dressing with beets, chill for 2 to 24 hours.nTo serve, combine torn romaine and diced apple in a serving bowl, toss with the rest of the dressing, and top with beets. Garnish with mint., ingredients: [3 medium beets about one pound, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 2 tablespoons sliced green onion, 1 tablespoon snipped mint, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 cups romaine lettuce, torn, 1 tart green apple, diced, Fresh mint for garnish], title: Beet and Apple Salad, picturelink: null}, 6001: {instructions: Melt the shortening in a large wide pot over medium heat. Working in batches, add the beef and cook until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a colander to drain, then rinse with water and return to the pot.nAdd the beef broth, chicken broth, tomato sauce, prunes, 10 cups water and Spice Group 1 to the pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until the meat is tender, about 2 12 hours.nStir in Spice Group 2 and cook 15 minutes, then stir in Spice Group 3 and cook 15 more minutes. Season with salt and add Tabasco sauce to taste.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 3 12 pounds tritip roast excess fat trimmed, cut into 1inch cubes, 3 cups lowsodium beef broth, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 12 cups tomato sauce, 3 pitted prunes, Tabasco sauce optional, 1 12 tablespoons paprika, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 3 teaspoons beef bouillon, 1 12 teaspoons chicken bouillon, 12 teaspoon seasoned salt, 2 14 teaspoons New Mexico chili powder, 2 14 teaspoons ground New Mexico chile pepper, 1 12 tablespoons ground cumin, 34 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon seasoned salt, 2 14 tablespoons chili powder, 2 14 tablespoons Texasstyle chili powder, 2 14 teaspoons ground New Mexico hot chile pepper, 2 14 teaspoons New Mexico light chili powder, 3 teaspoons Texasstyle chili powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, Heaping 14 teaspoon garlic powder], title: Pools Brew Red Chili, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 6002: {instructions: Combine the cucumber, scallions, and red bell pepper in a medium bowl and refrigerate.nIn a medium nonstick saute pan, lightly cook carrots and mushrooms in a medium pan with the sesame seeds, adding 1 tablespoon of water at a time. Continue to cook until carrots and mushrooms are tender. Cool. Add to cucumber mixture and keep refrigerated.nCombine all ingredients for dressing and mix well. Toss with vegetables and noodles., ingredients: [12 cup julienne cucumber, 12 cup chopped fresh scallions, 12 cup julienne red bell pepper, 12 cup julienne carrots, 34 cup sliced shiitake mushrooms about 6 medium caps, 2 tablespoons black sesame seeds, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger juice, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 14 teaspoon red chile flakes, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups cooked udon noodles], title: Cold Noodle Salad, picturelink: null}, 6003: {instructions: Whisk together the fish sauce, thick soy sauce, honey, and fivespice powder in a large dish. Carefully loosen the skin of the duck by gently running your fingers between the skin and the meat, trying not to tear the skin in the process. Place the duck in the marinade and rub the marinade over it, inside and out and between the flesh and the skin. Drain and refrigerate the duck, uncovered turning occasionally, for 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees. Place the ginger and scallions in the cavity of the duck, then truss it with kitchen string. With a metal skewer, poke the skin of the duck a few times on the breast and legs. Place the duck, breast side down, on a rack and roast for 45 minutes, basting every 15 minutes. Turn the duck breast side up, and continue roasting until juices run clear, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [13 cup fish sauce, 1 tablespoon thick soy sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 teaspoons fivespice powder, 1 5 12 pound Long Island duck, 2 ounces fresh ginger, peeled and crushed, 4 scallions, trimmed, halved crosswise, and lightly crushed], title: Crispy Duck Laque, picturelink: null}, 6004: {instructions: Preheat grill. In a heavy bottomed pot cook conch in water for 1 hour or until tender. Strain through a colander and let cool slightly. Rub cooked conch with 2 tablespoons olive oil and grill for 8 minutes or until slightly charred on the outside and allow to cool again. Afterward, slice conch into paper thin slices and return to a metal or nonreactive bowl and add additional ingredients and mix thoroughly. Serve chilled with avocado, sliced limes and cilantro sprigs., ingredients: [1 fresh or frozen Jamaican conch, Juice of 6 limes, 14 cup of extra virgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 12 bunch of cilantro, chopped plus sprigs for garnish, 1 cup red, yellow and green peppers, diced, 2 large hothouse tomatoes, peeled and diced, 2 scallions, sliced, 1 red onion, diced, 1 chipotle chili, chopped, 1 avocado, thinly sliced, for garnish, Sliced limes, for garnish], title: Conch Salad with Lime, Avocado and Cilantro, picturelink: null}, 6005: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Sliced Raw Tuna with WasabiYuzu, picturelink: null}, 6006: {instructions: Cook shrimp in boiling salted water 2 minutes. Drain and cut into scallops. Place some clarified butter in a casserole dish on the heat. Add the onion, carrot and celery. Place the chicken on the bed of vegetables. Cover and allow to steam for 1 minute. In another pan on the heat place some clarified butter, add the mushrooms vein side up, lemon juice, water and season with salt and pepper. Allow to cook gently 4 minutes. Cover the chicken with the stock and add the basil, parsley stalks and bay leaf. Bring to the boil and then allow the chicken to poach covered for 30 minutes. Melt the butter in the saucepan and then add the flour, forming a roux. Add the liquid from the mushrooms and then strain off 1 cup of the chicken stock and add to roux. Whisk until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to the boil and then simmer for 10 minutes, whisking from time to time. Add the egg yolk to the sauce and then the cream. Whisk to combine and then add shrimp and mushrooms to sauce with 1 tablespoon brandy. Remove chicken from pot. Slice off thighs at ball and socket joint and then remove the skin. Trim off first leg joint. Detach the whole breast at wishbone. Press down and then lift meat off the rib cage. Cut whole breast in half. Remove skin. Lay chicken on serving dish and coat with sauce. Decorate with slices of truffle., ingredients: [12 green jumbo shrimp, Clarified butter, 1 medium onion, sliced in 14inch slices, 1 medium carrot, slices into 14inch slices, 2 celery stalks, finely sliced, 2 12 pound chicken, 1 cup button mushrooms, Juice of 14 lemon, 58ths cup water, Salt, white pepper, 6 14 cups chicken stock, 2 teaspoons basil, 6 parsley stalks, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon flour, sifted, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon cream, 1 tablespoon brandy, 1 truffle, thinly sliced], title: Chicken la Bresse, picturelink: kWotXi.vBK66N5Y4D8kvZYV.KsmwdsG}, 6007: {instructions: Place the flour, egg, and panko bread crumbs in 3 separate dishes.nDip the cheese cubes into each ingredient to coat, starting with the flour and ending with the panko.nPreheat the canola oil in a deep fryer to 375 degrees F, or in a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 375 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer, a cube of bread will brown in about 3 minutes.nAdd the breaded cheese to the hot oil, in batches, and deep fry until the cubes are crisp and golden.nRemove the cheese from the oil and place on a paper towellined baking sheet to absorb the excess oil. Transfer the cheese to a serving platter, drizzle with the honey, and dust with the paprika., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, 12 pound Manchego cheese, cut into 1 12inch cubes, Canola oil, for frying, Honey, for drizzling, Smoked paprika, for sprinkling], title: Honey Glazed Fried Manchego Cheese, picturelink: null}, 6008: {instructions: Poach scallops in salted water with bouquet garni until it is almost cooked and then remove them to a plate lined with paper towel to drain. Reduce the scallop liquid to 1 cup. In another skillet melt butter and onions and cook until softened. Add mushrooms, salt and pepper and cook until mushrooms are softened for about 5 minutes. Then add wine and reduce by half. Add reserve shallot broth and 1 cup cream and reduce until lightly thickened. Season with lemon juice. Return scallops to pan and simmer just until heated through. Garnish with fresh dill., ingredients: [1 pound sea scallops poached in salted water bouquet garni, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup minced onion, 12 pound sliced mushrroms, Salt, Pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup cream, Lemon juice, 2 tablespoons fresh dill or chervil], title: Mushroom Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 6009: {instructions: Special equipment: three 9inch round cake pansnFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 330 degrees F.nIn a large bowl with an electric mixer, beat the brown sugar, butter and oil until well blended. Add the egg yolks 1 at a time and beat well after each addition. Add the vanilla extract.nIn a separate bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add onequarter of the dry ingredients to the sugarbutter mixture followed by onequarter of the yogurt, beating well after each addition. Then add half of the remaining dry ingredients followed by the remaining yogurt, beating well after each addition. Beat in the remaining dry ingredients and stir in the coconut.nIn a separate bowl with an electric mixer and the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form. Fold half of the egg whites into the batter, then fold in the remaining whites.nGrease and flour three 9inch round cake pans. Divide the batter among the pans. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Let cool for 10 minutes in the pans, then remove from the pans onto a rack to cool completely.nFor the cream cheese frosting: In a bowl with an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese and butter until well incorporated. Add the extract and mix until incorporated. Add the powdered sugar 1 cup at a time and beat until smooth.nPlace one of the cake layers on a serving plate. Spread about a third of the frosting onto the cake layer and generously sprinkle some toasted coconut on top. Repeat with the second layer. Top with the final layer and spread the remaining frosting over the top and sides of the cake. Sprinkle with remaining toasted coconut. Keep refrigerated until serving., ingredients: [2 cups brown sugar, 12 cup 1 stick salted butter, softened, plus more for greasing the pans, 12 cup coconut oil, 5 large eggs, separated, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 14 cups cake flour, plus more for flouring the pans, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup plain yogurt, 2 cups flaked coconut, chopped, 1 pound cream cheese, softened, 12 cup 1 stick salted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 2 pounds powdered sugar, 2 cups flaked coconut, toasted], title: Toasted Coconut Cake, picturelink: M3akU1G9v2ogHFDPoQcetieGNsSWTTa}, 6010: {instructions: Mix the basil, thyme and the black pepper together. Season the tuna with the mixture. In a hot saute pan, add the olive oil and sear the tuna until cooked rare or to desired temperature. Remove the tuna. Then add the bok choy with the wasabi, fish stock and the soy sauce to the hot saute. Reduce the stock by a quarter. Remove from heat and ladle the soy wasabi broth into the bowls and place the cooked tuna on the top of top of the bok choy., ingredients: [1 teaspoon basil, chopped, 4 teaspoons thyme, chopped, 4 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 21 ounces Ahi tuna steak, cut into 7ounce portions, 3 ounces olive oil, 4 baby bok choy, cut into quarters, 2 teaspoons wasabi paste, 2 cups fish stock, 4 ounces soy sauce], title: Pepper Crusted Tuna Steak, picturelink: null}, 6011: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees FnOnce youve prepared all of your vegetables, toss them together with the thyme and some salt and pepper. Put the veggies into a 2inch deep roasting pan.nWash the bird inside and out and dry with a towel. Sprinkle it all over with salt and pepper. Rub a couple of teaspoons of olive oil all over the skin. Place it on top of the vegetables. Put it into the oven.nPour the stock and syrup into a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and reduce it by half: Use this mixture to baste the chicken generously and frequently.nWhile the chicken is cooking, make the pancakes and the applesauce.nGrate the potatoes in the food processor. Put them in a bowl and add the egg and onion. Mix slightly. Add the flour and mix some more, but not too much. Add the salt and white pepper and olive oil. Mix a little more.nHeat the Canola oil in a nonstick pan. When it starts to smoke a little, add one sixth of the mixture. Turn down the heat to medium. When the potatoes start to brown around the edges, flip them over and cook for almost 3 to 4 minutes more. Repeat until you are out of batter. You may hold these warm and put them in the oven just before you sit down for dinnernCook the apples on the stovetop with a little water and the sugar. When soft, mash with a potato masher or puree in the food processor for a smoother sauce.nFINISHING UP AND SERVING:nYou will know that the chicken is done when the leg moves somewhat freely and the juices are running clear between the breast and the thigh. Take it out of the oven, move it to the cutting board and allow it to rest for 20 minutes.nWhile the bird is resting, spoon the veggies into a serving dish and keep warm. Put the roasting pan with the cooking juices on the stove and add 12 cup of white wine. Reduce all of this together just a little and pass in a pitcher with the chicken. Carve the chicken into large pieces cut the pancake into wedges. Top with warm applesauce. Serve all family style and enjoy.nFor a quicker dinner you may roast a whole cut up chicken, basting all pieces in the same manner. You will have to cut the vegetables into smaller pieces so that they are done when the chicken is, ingredients: [1 whole roasting chicken, freerange birds are always tastier, 2 large carrots peeled and cut into 1 inch pieces, 2 ribs of celerycut into linch pieces, 1 large onion, or 2 small ones peeled and cut into eighths, 1 can of chicken broth, 12 cup of real Vermont maple syrup, 1 tablespoon chopped thyme dry is good, fresh is better, salt and pepper, 1 pound russet potatoes, peeled and soaked in salted water, 1 egg, 1 small red onion, fine dice, 34 cup flour, Salt, White pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Canola oil for sauteing, 6 Cortland apples, peeled, cored and diced, 3 tablespoons of granulated sugar, 14 cup water], title: Vermont MapleGlazed Free Range Chicken with Roasted Vegetables, Potato Pancakes and Applesauce, picturelink: null}, 6012: {instructions: For the tomato filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and lightly golden, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, basil sprigs and crushed red pepper and cook, stirring occasionally for about 2 minutes, then add the chopped tomatoes and 1 12 teaspoons salt. Bring to a simmer and cook until the tomatoes just begin to soften, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and discard the basil sprigs. Add the cherry tomatoes and flour and gently stir to evenly coat. Check for seasoning and add more salt, if necessary. Transfer the tomato filling to a 2quart baking dish and dot with the mozzarella balls. Drizzle with the remaining tablespoon of olive oil.nFor the biscuit topping: In a medium bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, sugar, 12 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste in a medium bowl. Add the butter and use a pastry cutter or your fingers to rub the butter into the flour until you achieve peasized pieces. Make a well in the center of the flour and add the buttermilk, Parmesan and basil and gently combine with a fork until a sticky dough forms take care not to overwork the dough.nDrop heaping tablespoons of the dough on top of the tomato filling. Brush with olive oil. Place the cobbler on a baking sheet and bake until the top is golden and the filling bubbly, about 1 hour. Remove and let rest for 15 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus additional for brushing, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 large sprigs fresh basil, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 3 large tomatoes about 1 34 pounds, cut into 1inch chunks, Kosher salt, 2 cups mixed cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup mini mozzarella balls ciliegine or halved bocconcini, 34 cup yellow cornmeal, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into thin slices, 23 cup buttermilk, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil], title: Tomato Cobbler with ParmesanBasil Biscuits, picturelink: 9.qJlYGPwVHz9ztS23frN3BIYLIScli}, 6013: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace ribs in heavy large pot. Add seasoning salt, vegetable broth and apple juice plus enough water to cover ribs and bring to boil. Reduce heat to mediumlow and simmer gently until meat is tender, about 1 hour. Using tongs, remove rib racks from pot. Cool slightly. Cut between bones into individual ribs. Can be made to this point 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.nPreheat grill to medium heat.nIn a medium bowl, combine BBQ sauce, vinegar, molasses and coffee. Brush ribs with some of sauce. Grill ribs until brown and thickly glazed, occasionally turning and basting with more sauce, about 10 minutes total. Garnish with green apples.nNOTE: instead of boiling, you could also precook the ribs in the slow cooker on low for 4 hours., ingredients: [1 rack beef back ribs about 3 pounds total, cut in 12, 1 teaspoon seasoning salt, 1 cup vegetable broth, 1 cup apple juice, 2 cups storebought BBQ sauce, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon molasses, 1 teaspoon instant espresso or 2 tablespoons strong brewed coffee, Sliced green apple, to garnish], title: Seattle BBQ Beef Ribs, picturelink: BsaPJZL5AvWwZvjrcUubZ2q66dvVcGC}, 6014: {instructions: Special equipment: a large pastry bag fitted a large plain tip, an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, a pastry brushnPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPut the water, butter, and salt in a heavy 2quart saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally, to melt the butter. Remove the pan from the heat and add the flour all at once. Stir with a wooden spoon until the dough comes together to form a ball. Place the pan over medium heat and beat constantly until the dough pulls away from the sides of the pan, about 4 minutes. Do not let it burn. A film may form on the bottom of the pan.nPut the dough in an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and continue to beat the dough for 4 minutes at high speed. Feel the dough: it should be sticky at first and then smooth and glossy.nLine a sheet pan with parchment paper, and use a little bit of the dough to stick the corners of the paper down. Transfer the dough to a piping bag fitted with a large tip. Pipe the dough into 2inch balls spaced about 1inch apart on the parchment paper. Bake for 15 minutes then rotate the tray and lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Continue to bake for 10 minutes. Turn the oven off, leaving the door slightly open to let the profiteroles cool in the oven.nTo assemble, cut the profiteroles in 12 using a serrated knife. Place a scoop of ice cream on the botton 12 of the profiterole. Put the top on and drizzle with caramel sauce.nPut the sugar and water in a 2quart saucepan over medium heat. Stir once or twice to dissolve the sugar. Increase the heat to high and use a pastry brush dipped in cold water to brush down any crystallized sugar that forms on the side of the pan. Let the mixture bubble and caramelize until it is amber, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk the cream in very slowly. Stir in the butter. Cool to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [1 cup water, 4 ounces unsalted butter, cubed, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, 1 quart ice cream, to fill profiteroles, Caramel Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Profiteroles with Ice Cream and Caramel Sauce, picturelink: 4HBAszCwovSwYkmYMTBbgOWMhnqU6te}, 6015: {instructions: Sterilize a 1quart glass preserving jar with boiling water right before filling with lemons. Slice lemon from bud end to within 12inch of stem end. Turn lemon 90 degrees and repeat. Open lemon slightly and pack inside with salt. Pack into jar and repeat with remaining lemons. Add enough lemon juice to cover to the top. Add pickling salt and close jar tightly. Set aside to pickle for at least 3 weeks. Every few days, turn jar over to redistribute juices and let stand on its head for a few days, then invert again., ingredients: [12 lemons, 1 cup kosher salt, Fresh squeezed lemon juice, 1 Tbsp pickling salt], title: Preserved Lemons, picturelink: null}, 6016: {instructions: Toppings: Shrimp sauteed with rum and mojo saucenHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 15 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Mojo Shrimp Potato Skins, picturelink: KD7co2PNbwmZJ8tUxXowjO.dQ9ZeRC}, 6017: {instructions: Put the tequila, pineapple juice, lime juice, agave and rosemary leaves from 1 sprig no stem in a mixing glass and lightly muddle the leaves. Add large ice and shake vigorously with a cocktail shaker. Add the prosecco, tumbleroll back and forth 1 time and doublestrain over fresh ice into a highball glass. Spear the pineapple chunk with the remaining rosemary sprig for a garnish., ingredients: [1 12 ounces blanco tequila, 1 ounce fresh pineapple juice, plus 1 fresh pineapple chunk, for garnish, 12 ounce fresh lime juice, 14 ounce agave nectar, 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, 1 ounce prosecco], title: Pina Perfected, picturelink: 7X7NwJzrJrcNaMr2OWEc33SwIWAnxu}, 6018: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the doughnuts: In a medium saucepan, combine the butter, water, sugar, and salt over medium heat. Bring to a rolling boil, stirring occasionally. Boil for 10 seconds. Remove the pan from the heat and add the flour. Using a wooded spoon, quickly stir the mixture until all the flour is fully incorporated and forms a thick dough. Return the pan to the heat and stir continuously for 2 minutes. Scrape the mixture into a stand mixture fitted with a paddle attachment. With the machine running on medium speed, add the eggs and egg yolk, 1 at a time until fully incorporated. Beat the mixture for 4 to 5 minutes until thick and glossy. Add the lemon zest and beat until smooth. Refrigerate the dough for 15 minutes.nFor the glaze: In a medium bowl, whisk together the cream, coffee liqueur, and espresso powder until smooth. With a wooden spoon, gradually stir in the powdered sugar until smooth. If the glaze is too thick, stir in the water, 14 teaspoon at a time.nIn a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour in enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 375 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer a cube of bread will brown in a couple of minutes.nUsing a small ice cream scoop or 2 small spoons, carefully drop scoops about 1 tablespoon of the dough into the oil. Do not crowd the pan, Cook for 3 to 3 12 minutes, turning occasionally, until the zeppole are golden and puffed. Drain on paper towels. Repeat until all of the dough has been used. When the zeppole is cool enough to handle, dip the top halves in the glaze.nUsing a hand grater, grate the chocolate, if using, over serving plates. Place 3 to 4 zeppole on each plate and garnish with fresh raspberries, if using. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, at room temperature, 12 cup water, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, 1 egg yolk, 2 teaspoons lemon zest from 1 lemon, Vegetable oil, for frying, 14 cup whipping cream, 1 tablespoon coffee liqueur recommended: Kahlua, 2 teaspoons espresso powder, 2 cups powdered sugar, Water, as needed, 1 3ounce chocolate bar, optional, 1 cup raspberries, optional], title: CoffeeGlazed Italian Doughnuts Zeppole, picturelink: SEOf5u7vjnIq6Ty28bsAAOjCYkRtzv.}, 6019: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 2quart baking dish.nHeat the butter in a medium skillet set over medium heat. Add the leek and cook, stirring occasionally until soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the apples and cook until slightly soft, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and transfer to a large bowl.nAdd the cornbread, parsley and sage to the leek mixture. Gradually add the broth, stirring gently until the cornbread is well moistened but not soggy. Season with salt and pepper.nSpread out in the prepared baking dish and bake until heated through and lightly browned, about 30 minutes. Sprinkle with parsley before serving.nCopyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for buttering the dish, 1 large leek, white part with 1inch of green, finely chopped and rinsed, 2 small apples, peeled, cored and chopped, 4 cups cubed day old cornbread, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus more for topping, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage, 1 12 to 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: AppleSage Cornbread Stuffing, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 6020: {instructions: Whisk together honey, juice and olive oil and pour over pork in a resealable plastic bag . Add seasoning and zest and refrigerate overnight. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Place pork on roasting rack and roast for 10 to 15 minutes or until rack turns a deep golden brown. Reduce heat to 275 and roast for an additional 35 to 50 minutes or until pork reaches a internal temperature of 140 degrees F. Remove pork from oven and let rest for 15 minutes. Slice chops and serve with Zucchini Fritters.nFor the Zucchini Fritters: Grate the zucchini on the large holes of a grater onto a clean kitchen towel. Sprinkle with the salt. Let stand while you prepare the other ingredients. Wring as much liquid out of the zucchini as possible, discarding liquid. In a medium bowl, combine the zucchini, mint, dill, scallion, garlic, lemon zest, pepper and feta. Stir in the egg and flour and mix until well combined. Heat enough canola oil to 350 degrees F in a pan over mediumhigh heat to come halfway up the sides of the fritters. Form fritters, using 14 cup measure, and place gently into the hot oil. Fry, turning once, until the fritters are golden brown on each side, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove from the pan and drain on paper towels for a minute. Plate and garnish with a dollop of Greek yogurt, dill and lemon zest., ingredients: [1 tablespoon honey, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoon olive oil, 1 center cut rack of pork berkshire, 1 tablespoon cracked coriander seed, 1 tablespoon cumin seed, 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 2 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 medium zucchini, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped mint leaves, 1 12 tablespoons freshly chopped dill, plus more for garnish, 1 large scallion, white and green parts sliced thinly on the bias, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 lemon, zested, plus more for garnish, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 4 ounces feta cheese, roughly chopped, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Canola oil, for frying, Greek yogurt, picked dill and additional lemon zest, for garnish], title: Roasted Pork Rack with Zucchini Fritters, picturelink: null}, 6021: {instructions: Heat a large skillet and melt the butter. When it begins to brown ever so slightly around the edges, remove from the heat and add all of the tangerines slices. Stir to coat with the butter. Return to the heat and sprinkle with the sugar. Stir to blend.nRemove the skillet form the heat and add the orange liqueur. Remove from the heat and ignite with a long kitchen match. When the flames die down, transfer to a large serving dish or individual bowls. Serve with the vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 8 tangerines seedless or 10 clementines, peeled and broken into sections, 13 cup Demerara sugar, 13 cup orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 1 pint vanilla ice cream], title: Flambeed Tangerines with Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 6022: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium. Whisk 4 tablespoons of the coconut milk, the lime juice, ginger, sugar and 14 teaspoon salt in a small bowl.nTear off a long strip of aluminum foil and place on half of the grill. Arrange the bok choy on a plate and brush with the remaining 3 tablespoons thick coconut milk. Season with salt.nArrange the bok choy cutside down on the grill, with the leafy tops resting on the aluminum foil. Cover the grill and cook the bok choy, flipping once, until you get nice grill marks on both sides, 6 to 7 minutes total. Transfer the bok choy to a medium bowl and cover with plastic wrap to steam, 3 to 5 minutes this will allow the stems to cook through without grilling the leaves to a crisp.nDivide the bok choy among 4 plates and drizzle with the coconutginger dressing., ingredients: [], title: Grilled Baby Bok Choy with CoconutGinger Dressing, picturelink: null}, 6023: {instructions: Crush cucumber, lime and red pepper with wooden spoon in 1quart glass measuring cup. Stir in Pure Leafu2122 Not Too Sweet Honey Green Tea. Strain and serve in icefilled glasses. Garnish, if desired, with additional cucumber and lime.nFor a cocktail version, simply add u00bc cup vodka., ingredients: [10 slices cucumber about u00bcinch thick, 2 slices lime about u00bcinch thick, Pinch ground red pepper, 1 bottle Pure Leafu2122 Not Too Sweet Honey Green Tea], title: Asian Spicy Cucumber Honey Green Tea, picturelink: ThoOEUZ1U1r9mVhBA2DvUYSnLMA8joC}, 6024: {instructions: Make the broth: Put the chicken, celery, carrots, onion, tomatoes, parsley, dill, coriander seeds, peppercorns, cloves and 2 teaspoons salt in a large pot. Add enough cold water to cover by 1 inch. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat reduce the heat to maintain a low simmer and cook, skimming off the foam occasionally, 3 hours. Strain, discarding the solids. Let cool until the fat rises to the surface. The broth can be made up to 3 days ahead cover and refrigerate. Skim off the fat, reserving 2 tablespoons fat for the matzo balls.nMake the matzo balls: Whisk the eggs and reserved chickenbroth fat in a bowl. Stir in the shallot, garlic, lemon zest, ginger, dill, parsley, matzo meal, 14 cup of the prepared broth and 1 34 teaspoons salt. Cover and chill at least 2 hours or overnight. Roll heaping teaspoonfuls of dough into balls with damp hands. Cover and chill until ready to cook, up to 8 hours.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the matzo balls and reduce the heat to maintain a low simmer cover and cook until the balls are tender, 35 minutes. Meanwhile, warm the prepared broth. Drain the matzo balls and serve in the warm broth. Top with dill.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 3to4pound chicken, 3 stalks celery, halved, 2 medium carrots, halved, 1 onion, halved, 5 plum tomatoes, quartered, 3 sprigs parsley, 3 sprigs dill, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 2 whole cloves, Kosher salt, 4 large eggs, 3 tablespoons grated shallot or onion, squeezed dry, 1 small clove garlic, finely grated, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill, plus small sprigs for topping, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 cup matzo meal, Kosher salt], title: Matzo Ball Soup, picturelink: vh9EMyTn8rSx0Uh2MdX8n9evdFcZMNm}, 6025: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix the butter, sugar and gin together until thoroughly blended. Mix in the flour, lavender and salt until it gets doughy. Roll out the dough on a floured surface to 12 inch thick. Freeze for 10 minutes.nRoll the dough into about 24 little balls and dunk them in the beaten eggs. Put the balls on a silicone baking mat on a baking sheet and smash them with your thumb to make craters. Put some goat cheese in each crater. Bake until lightly golden on the edges, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [3 sticks butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon gin, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 teaspoons dried lavender, Pinch or 2 of salt, 2 to 3 egg yolks, beaten, 6 ounces goat cheese], title: Lavender Gin Goat Cheese Cookies, picturelink: bHDqG2dLtzJr8UTjwVWJsGFUGb.qgZC}, 6026: {instructions: Heat deepfryer to 375 degrees F or as recommended by manufacturer for similar foods. Deep fry wonton skins until golden brown and drain on paper towels.nCombine cucumber, tomatoes, and mayonnaise in a bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSpoon a small amount on each fried wonton triangle and top with 14 teaspoon tobiko caviar. Finish with a parsley sprig., ingredients: [3 to 4 liters canola, as needed for deepfrying, 12 3inch square wonton skins cut in 12 on the diagonal with a pizza cutter into 24 triangles, 1 English cucumber, peeled and cut brunoise julienne then cut crosswise into 116thinch cubes, 2 vine ripened tomatoes, seeds removed and cut brunoise julienne then cut crosswise into 116thinch cubes, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons tobiko green and orange caviar, 24 very small parsley sprigs], title: Wonton Crisp with Cucumber Tobiko Caviar, picturelink: null}, 6027: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a large roasting pan with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Season the brisket generously with salt. Add the brisket to the pan and brown well on both sides. Remove the brisket from the pan and reserve.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLower the heat to medium, ditch the excess oil, and add the bacon and reserved skin to the pan with a little more oil. Cook the bacon, stirring occasionally, until the bacon is crispy and has let out a lot of fat. Add the onions and celery. Season with salt and cook until they are very soft and aromatic, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Toss in the mushrooms and cook until they are soft and wilted. Add the balsamic vinegar and reduce it by half. Taste it  it will be very vinegary, but thats ok, dont worry. Season with salt, if needed. Lay the brisket on top of the veggie mix and add the chicken stock to the pan until it just covers the brisket. Add the bay leaves and thyme.nCover the pan with foil and roast in the oven. Roast for 1 hour, check the brisket, and turn it over. Add more stock if the liquid level has reduced. Cover the pan again and return it to the oven for another hour. Remove the foil and roast for 30 minutes more.nRemove the roasting pan from the oven, transfer the brisket to a cutting board, cover with foil, and let rest for 20 minutes.nSkim off any excess fat from the cooking liquid. If the vegetables are swimming in liquid, reduce the liquid on the stovetop over mediumhigh heat. You want the sauce to be soupy. Taste the liquid and reseason if needed. Slice the brisket against the grain on the bias. Serve topped with the onionmushroom mixture and sprinkle with chopped chives., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 1 5pound beef brisket, Kosher salt, 14 pound slab bacon, skin removed and reserved, bacon cut into lardons, 3 large onions, thinly sliced, 3 celery ribs, thinly sliced on the bias, 4 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, stemmed and finely sliced, 2 cups balsamic vinegar, 3 to 4 cups chicken stock, 4 bay leaves, 1 fresh thyme bundle, 1 bunch finely chopped fresh chives, for garnish], title: Braised Beef Brisket with Onions, Mushrooms, and Balsamic, picturelink: OF.V4TWX78YBJWO5jNVdQLpAxvKC}, 6028: {instructions: Wash the quahogs to remove any grit. Heat a large pot over high heat, then add in the quahogs with 2 cups water cover the pot and steam the quahogs for 5 minutes. Check to see if all of the quahogs are open, and continue to steam until they are all open. Remove from the heat and strain the quahogs, reserving the cooking liquid. Cool the quahogs and shuck the clams from the shells. Reserve the shells for a later use.nIn a meat grinder or food processor, grind the shucked clams and reserve.nEither split the shells or gently twist at the hinge to remove the cartilage. Rinse the shells and reserve.nIn a 2quart saucepan set over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter, and then add the onions. Saute until translucent, then remove the pan from the heat.nIn a large mixing bowl add the cooked onions and butter, the ground clams, hot peppers and Sriracha. Add the reserved clam broth and mix well. Add the breadcrumbs until the stuffing is firm but wet.nStuff the quahog shells with the filling. At this point cook immediately or refrigerate and cook the stuffed quahogs when ready to serve.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCook the quahogs until golden brown on top and cooked through, 15 minutes. Serve with melted butter., ingredients: [12 quahogs, 1 stick butter, plus melted butter for serving, 2 large onions, diced, 1 cup jarred hot peppers with juice, 3 tablespoons Sriracha, 16 cups coarse breadcrumbs], title: Shuckers Stuffed Quahog, picturelink: null}, 6029: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Unfold pastry sheet cut along fold line to make 3 strips, trimming rough edges. Cut each strip in half crosswise. Place pastry rectangles on an ungreased baking sheet and bake until golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes. Transfer pastry to a rack and cool about 8 to 10 minutes, then cut horizontally into 2 layers.nWhile pastry bakes, in a medium bowl whisk the goat cheese, 6 tablespoons powdered sugar, vanilla, and salt until blended. Using electric mixer, beat whipping cream in another medium bowl until peaks form fold into cheese mixture. Chill 10 to 15 minutes.nHeat the jam in a medium microwavesafe bowl until just melted about 10 seconds. Add berries. Toss to coat.nJust before serving, put bottom halves of pastry on plates top with mousse and raspberries. Sprinkle with minced thyme, cover with top half of pastry, and dust with powdered sugar. Garnish with thyme sprigs., ingredients: [1 sheet puff pastry from a 17.25ounce package, thawed, 6 ounces mild, creamy goat cheese recommended: Chavrie brand, 8 tablespoons powdered sugar, divided, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 1 cup chilled whipping cream, 14 cup seedless raspberry jam or preserves, 3 cups fresh raspberries, 1 12 tablespoons minced fresh thyme leaves, plus 6 thyme sprigs, for garnish, optional], title: Raspberry Puffs with Goat Cheese Mousse and Thyme, picturelink: null}, 6030: {instructions: To make the dressing, whisk together mayonnaise, ketchup, cayenne, dry mustard, shallot, lemon juice, and parsley. Season the dressing with salt and pepper. Fold in the crabmeat and capers, turn to coat. Using a clear parfait glass or champagne glass, scoop a heaping tablespoon of the diced mangoes on the bottom of the glass. Press down slightly with a spoon. Add a layer of crabmeat on top, pressing down again, followed by a layer of chopped mixed greens. Repeat the layers. After the last layer of greens, spoon a final mound of crab salad on top. Repeat with remaining 3 glasses. Serve with toasted baguette slices., ingredients: [3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon ketchup, Pinch cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 shallot, minced, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 pound crabmeat, shredded, 1 tablespoon capers, 2 mangoes, diced, 2 cups baby mixed greens, chopped fine, Toasted baguette slices], title: Crab Parfait, picturelink: null}, 6031: {instructions: With a melon baller, make small balls with the peaches, leaving the skin on for color. Layer crushed ice and peach balls in a hurricane glass. In a shaker filled with ice, combine the liquor and fruit juices. Shake vigorously until all ingredients are mixed thoroughly and chilled evenly. Strain into glass over peaches and ice. Top with lemonlime soda. Garnish with a pineapple wedge on the rim of the glass and serve., ingredients: [2 peaches, Crushed ice, 12ounce vodka, 12ounce rum, 12ounce gin, 12ounce Triple Sec, 12ounce peach schnapps, 2 lemon wedges, juiced, 2 lime wedges, juiced, 1ounce orange juice, 1ounce pineapple juice, Splash lemonlime soda, Pineapple wedge, for garnish], title: South Beach Tea, picturelink: null}, 6032: {instructions: For the biscuits: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Whisk the selfrising flour and baking soda together. Then cut the cold butter into the dry ingredients. Mix until it resembles sand. In a separate bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, thyme and 1 teaspoon crushed pepper. Add the buttermilk mixture to the flour and butter mixture and, using a rubber spatula, mix until just combined. Do not over mixnOn a siliconlined baking sheet, scoop about a 14 cup of the batter to form each biscuit, leaving about 2 inches between each biscuit. Brush each with melted butter and sprinkle with crushed pepper. Bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Let cool on wire rack.nFor the filling: In the same oven, bake the chicken on a parchmentlined baking sheet until the internal temperature on an instantread thermometer reaches 160 degrees F, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool, remove the skin and shred.nHeat a large saute pan over medium heat. Melt the butter, add the carrots and onions and season with salt and pepper. Saute until the veggies are soft, 6 to 8 minutes. Add in the allpurpose flour and cook until blonde, about 2 minutes. Add the dry sherry, and then whisk in the heavy cream, chicken stock and thyme sprig. Simmer until thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove the thyme sprig and adjust the seasoning.nFor the sweet pea pesto: Put the peas, parsley, pine nuts and lemon juice into a food processor. Pulse until combined, and then slowly drizzle in the olive oil. Season and set aside.nFor the sandwich build: Split the warm biscuits with a fork. Place some shredded chicken on the bottom buns, top with some pot pie filling and schmear the sweet pea pesto on top. Close and eat., ingredients: [2 cups selfrising flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 stick cold salted butter, cubed, plus 4 tablespoons, melted, 1 cup cold buttermilk, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, Crushed black pepper, 4 bonein, skinon chicken breasts, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 carrots, diced, 12 yellow onion, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, 34 cup heavy cream, 34 cup chicken stock, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 cup frozen peas, defrosted, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup toasted pine nuts, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Pot Pie Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 6033: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare the salmon: Prepare a charcoal fire in an outdoor grill alternatively, cook the salmon indoors on a grill pan the coals should be mediumhot and the rack should be positioned about 6 inches from the fire. Place the salmon fillets on a cutting board, skinside down. Cut down the center of each fillet lengthwise along the center seam. Cut through the flesh but not the skin. Draw the salmon flesh apart at the incision, flattening the fillets, leaving them skinside down. Fold each fillet into a horseshoe shape, bending it back onto itself, so it resembles a boneless salmon steak. Brush each piece of fish lightly on both sides with extravirgin olive oil and sprinkle with kosher salt and pepper.nGrill the salmon just until the flesh firms and grill marks appear, about 2 12 minutes on the first side and about 1 12 minutes on the second side. Rotate each fillet one quarterturn 90 degrees and grill just long enough to mark the fillets, completing a crosshatch pattern, less than 1 minute. Turn the fillets over and repeat the grilling and rotating procedure until the other sides show the crosshatch grill markings. Remove the fish from the grill and reserve. The salmon can be grilled up to 1 hour in advance of the meal.nPrepare the salad: Roll the cucumber pieces up in a clean linen napkin or towel, and then smash them, pressing down hard with the heels of your hands while ensuring the towel doesnt unroll, to release the juices. Transfer the crushed cucumbers to a cutting board, and then coarsely chop. Combine the cucumbers, sliced fennel, dates, walnuts, chives and some of the fennel fronds in a salad bowl and mix gently.nFinish cooking the salmon and dress the salad: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the salmon fillets in a baking dish, brush each one lightly with extravirgin olive oil and roast about 3 12 minutes for mediumrare.nMeanwhile, dress the cucumber salad with the lemon juice and 4 tablespoons of fruity olive oil. Then season with sea salt and pepper. Toss the salad lightly, and then arrange equal portions on each of six plates. Top each portion of salad with a grilled salmon fillet. Drizzle a little fruity olive oil on top of each portion, garnish each plate with fennel fronds and serve., ingredients: [One 2 12pound centercut skinon salmon fillet, cut into 6 equal pieces, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 English hothouse seedless cucumbers, peeled and cut into 8 pieces, 34 cup finely sliced fennel, feathery fronds reserved for the garnish, 6 Medjool dates, pitted and cut in slivers, 13 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice 12 a large lemon, 6 tablespoons fruity olive oil preferably from Spain, Mediumcoarse sea salt preferably Maldon from England, Fresh ground black pepper], title: Grilled Salmon with Smashed CucumberDate Salad, picturelink: f4V5pT9Ii4hodiqoxZoTvVZYRTCTd7C}, 6034: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all the rub ingredients in a small bowl.nPlace peppers, garlic, pine nuts, cilantro and cheese in a food processor and process until combined. With the motor running, add the oil and process until emulsified and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nHeat grill to high. Brush each fillet on both sides with oil. Rub 1 side of each fillet with 1 tablespoon of the barbecue rub and place on the grill rub side down and cook until slightly charred and a crust has formed, about 2 to 3 minutes. Turn the fish over and grill for 3 to 4 minutes longer or until cooked to medium doneness. Top each fillet with a few tablespoons of the pesto and garnish with cilantro leaves., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Spanish paprika, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon chile de arbol powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 2 large yellow bell peppers, grilled, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly grated pepper, 4 mahi mahi fillets, 8 ounces each, 4 teaspoons olive oil, Barbecue Rub, Cilantro leaves], title: Barbecued Mahi Mahi with Yellow PepperCilantro Pesto, picturelink: CynxeWpiTImkKJtTTVo79tmInCNOG.}, 6035: {instructions: Prepare Tzatziki sauce by staining yogurt in cheesecloth over a medium bowl for several hours, or until most of the liquid has drained off. Press the grated cucumber in a strainer until it feels almost dry to the touch. Combine the yogurt, cucumber, 1 teaspoon lemon juice in a medium bowl. Add the mint, garlic, salt, and black pepper. Stir well cover and chill for 2 hours. Will keep in the refrigerator for up to one week.nPrepare Tyson chicken according to package directions.nWhile chicken is cooking prepare the Greek Red Wine Vinaigrette by combining red wine vinegar, garlic, basil, oregano, lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper in a jar. Cover tightly with lid and shake until well mixed. Will keep in the refrigerator for up to one week.nTo assemble: Slice prepared chicken into thin strips and place into each pita half. Drizzle the vinaigrette on top of chicken. Add tzatziki sauce and arugula leaves., ingredients: [Chicken Breast Fillets, sliced into thin strips, 4 tablespoons Greek red wine vinaigrette, see recipe, 8 tablespoons tzatziki, see recipe, 16 small arugula leaves, 2 whole wheat pita, cut in half, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 34 cup extra virgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 18 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 1 cup plain Greek yogurt, 1 medium cucumber, peeled, seeded, and grated, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 18 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper], title: Greek Chicken Pita Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 6036: {instructions: Remove outer, dark green leaves from the heads of butter lettuce. For each salad use to 2 to 3 leaves of lettuce to make a cup. Around the butter lettuce cup arrange 3 points of orange segments. Inside the cup, place jicama, watermelon, olives, feta cheese, and cranberries. When ready to serve finish the salad with the vinaigrette, sunflower seeds, and edible flowers., ingredients: [2 heads butter lettuce, 2 oranges, peeled, segmented, 1 piece jicama, peeled, cut into matchstick size pieces, 1 wedge red seedless watermelon, peeled, cut into batons, 12 nicoise olives, pitted, halved, 2 teaspoons crumbled feta cheese, 14 cup dried cranberries, 14 cup citruscumin vinaigrette, 14 cup toasted sunflower seeds, Small handful edible flowers], title: Jicama and Watermelon Salad, picturelink: null}, 6037: {instructions: To make the honey mustard: Whisk the mustard, honey, mayonnaise, and hot sauce together in a medium bowl. To make the chicken: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Rinse the chicken and pat dry. If using 2 large breasts, then place the chicken breasts on a cutting board and halve them horizontally so you end up with 4 pieces of even thickness if using chicken cutlets, skip this step. If the chicken pieces are thicker than 12 inch, place a large sheet of plastic wrap on a cutting board and set 1 piece of chicken on top. Cover with another sheet of plastic wrap and then pound the chicken to a 12inch thickness using a meat mallet or a heavybottomed pot. Season the chicken with 12 teaspoon of the salt and 14 teaspoon of the pepper. Add the chicken to the bowl with the mustard mixture and turn to coat. In a second medium bowl, stir together the bread crumbs, thyme, remaining 14 teaspoon salt, and remaining 14 teaspoon pepper. Dredge each piece of chicken through the bread crumbs, gently pressing the crumbs into each side. Place a metal cooling rack on top of a baking sheet, and mist the rack with spray. Spray each piece of chicken on both sides and set it on the rack. Bake the chicken until golden brown and cooked through, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve hot. Per serving: Calories 213 Total Fat 6g Protein 24g Dietary Fiber 2g Sugars 3g, ingredients: [1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts about 2 large chicken breasts or 4 4ounce chicken cutlets, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 cup whole wheat bread crumbs, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, Olive oil mister or nonstick pan spray, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 tablespoon light mayonnaise, 14 to 12 teaspoon hot sauce such as Franks or Tabasco], title: Spicy HoneyMustard Chicken, picturelink: fW3V6R5y1ayqkEMw1PEJIqIDvX8XcNG}, 6038: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Sift together flour and salt. In an electric mixer cream butter and gradually add brown sugar. Beat until lighter and fluffy. Add egg and vanilla and beat well. Add the dry ingredients gradually. Do not over mix. Press dough, using a cookie press, onto ungreased cookie sheets. Decorate if desired. Bake for 7 to 9 minutes until they are light golden brown., ingredients: [2 14 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks butter, 12 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Bill Boggs Spritz Cookies, picturelink: null}, 6039: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a heavy pan heat the cream with the vanilla pod until scalding hot but not boiling. Remove from heat, cover and leave to infuse for 15 minutes. Remove the pod and scrape seeds into the cream with the tip of a knife. Break up the chocolate and stir into the cream until melted and smooth.nPut the egg yolks and icing sugar into a bowl. Beat with a wooden spoon until well blended and then stir in chocolate cream. Pour into 4 8ounce creme brulee dishes. Stand in a bainmarie. Bake in the oven 30 minutes until firm. Remove and cool. Chill overnight or for up to 48 hours. Sprinkle caster sugar over the top and put under a hot grill to caramelize. Serve within 1 hour., ingredients: [1 pint double cream, 1 vanilla pod, split, 11 ounces plain dark chocolate, 4 medium egg yolks, 2 ounces icing sugar confectioners, sifted, 3 tablespoons caster sugar superfine], title: Chocolate Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 6040: {instructions: In heavybottomed stockpot large enough to hold entire recipe, melt butter over medium flame.nAdd onions and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the flour and stir to make a roux. Cook for 5 minutes over low flame, stirring constantly. Be careful not to allow the roux to brown.nSlowly incorporate the water while stirring with a whisk to avoid lumps. Add wine, clam base, parsley, dill, and bay leaves. Simmer for 30 to 45 minutes over low heat. Whisk in desired amount of halfandhalf. Add the scallops and slowly poach just until they begin to turn opaque and firm, about 3 minutes. Be careful not to overcook scallops., ingredients: [12 pound butter, 2 cups diced onions, 12 pound allpurpose flour, 34 gallon water, 2 cups white wine, 14 pound clam base, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, 4 bay leaves, 13 cup halfandhalf, to taste, 60 bay scallops], title: Scallop Chowder, picturelink: null}, 6041: {instructions: To make the crust: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Sift the flour, sugar, and salt into the bowl of a food processor. Add the pine nuts and butter and pulse until the texture resembles coarse cornmeal, about 10 to 15 seconds. With the motor running, add the egg yolks. If the dough is too dry to form a soft ball when pressed, add ice water 1 tablespoon at a time and pulse to mix. Do not over process the dough should not be processed for more than 30 to 40 seconds after adding the liquids.nTransfer the dough to a sheet of waxed paper or plastic wrap. Form the dough into a flat circle. Enclose tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour or up to 1 day.nPress the chilled dough in a 10 to 11inch fluted tart pan and use fingers to press it over the bottom and up the side of the pan. Roll over the edges. Use a fork to prick the shell all over. Cover and chill for 1 hour.nLine the chilled dough with foil or parchment paper smoothed carefully into all of the corners. Line with dry beans, rice, or pie weights. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, just to set the crust. Remove from the oven and carefully lift the foil and weights. Return to the oven 8 to 10 minutes, until the edges barely begin to color. Set aside to cool.nPrepare the filling: In a mixing bowl, beat the egg, egg yolk, and the 14 cup sugar until they double in volume and become pale in color.nIn a double boiler over medium heat, melt the chocolate and butter. Slowly whisk in the liqueur and vanilla until completely blended. Slowly whisk the egg mixture into the double boiler and cook, whisking constantly, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the top pan from the heat and set aside to cool.nWhip the cream with 1 tablespoon sugar until soft peaks form. Slowly drizzle in the coffee and beat until stiff peaks form. Fold the whipped cream into the cooled chocolate mixture. Pour the filling into the tart shell, cover, and refrigerate for at least 3 hours before serving, or up to 3 days.nPrepare the topping: Whip the cream with the sugar until soft peaks form. Slowly drizzle in the coffee and beat until stiff peaks form.nTo serve, cut the tart into wedges. Spoon a generous dollop of the whipped cream on each slice and decorate with a chocolate coffee bean, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup powdered sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons finely ground pine nuts, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled and cut into pieces, 2 egg yolks, slightly beaten, Ice water, if needed, 1 large whole egg, 1 egg yolk, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 14 cup unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons coffee flavored liqueur, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 13 cup whipping cream, 2 tablespoons triplestrength coffee or instant espresso, 12 cup whipping cream, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons triplestrength coffee or instant espresso, Chocolatecovered coffee beans, for garnish], title: Cappuccino Tart, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 6042: {instructions: In a mediumsize heavy gauge pot, heat olive oil add onion, cook until soft, 4 to 5 minutes. Add scallions and a pinch of salt. Add garlic, cook 3 more minutes. Add grated tomatoes, cook 4 to 5 minutes. Add canned crushed tomatoes, cook 3 to 4 minutes. Fold in string beans, cook 5 to 8 minutes until slightly tender. Add zucchini, cook 3 minutes. Add eggplant and season with salt and pepper. Cook until all vegetables are tender. Adjust seasoning, salt and pepper fold in parsley and drizzle extra virgin olive oil., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 medium onions julienned, 4 garlic cloves, 1 bunch scallions sliced, 1 pound green beans, 3 medium diced zucchini, 3 medium eggplant diced medium, 2 large tomatoes diced medium, 2 large tomatoes grated on box grater, 1 can crushed tomatoes with juice, 2 ounces extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup parsley chopped], title: Zucchini, String Bean and Eggplant Stew, picturelink: null}, 6043: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nShake the pineapple juice, gin, dark rum, light rum, anejo tequila, silver tequila, triple sec, lemon juice and lime juice in a cocktail shaker with ice and strain into chilled coupe glasses., ingredients: [3 ounces pineapple juice, 2 ounces gin, 2 ounces dark rum, 2 ounces light rum, 2 ounces anejo tequila, 2 ounces sliver tequila, 2 ounces triple sec, Splash fresh lemon juice, Splash fresh lime juice], title: The Mind Probe Remake, picturelink: 93.Cptk0ud3zEjOlFIBOGHBQ8Q.UNa}, 6044: {instructions: For the ginger pickled carrots: Combine the sugar, vinegar and 2 cups water in a pot and bring to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Pour into a plastic container and let cool completely.nOnce cooled, add the carrots and ginger to the pickling liquidu00bfmake sure they are completely covered by the liquid. Refrigerate for at least 6 hours before using 24 hours is best.nFor the sweet potato puree: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pierce the skins of the sweet potatoes and bake until tender, about 45 minutes. Leave the oven on for heating up the tortillas.nOnce cooked, cut the sweet potatoes in half and scoop the flesh into a food processor. Add the butter and honey and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Hold hot until ready to plate.nFor the tuna: Combine the Cajun seasoning and salt, and mix. Sprinkle the tuna pieces with the spice mixture. Heat a large saute pan over high heat until the pan begins to smoke. Add the grapeseed oil to the pan and then sear the tuna on two sides, leaving it rare in the center. Remove the tuna from the pan and let rest for 5 minutes.nFor the guacamole: Scoop the avocado flesh into a bowl. Add the red onions, tomatoes, cilantro and lime juice, and mash with a fork to combine. Season with salt and pepper.nTo build the taco: Heat the tortillas in the oven just until warm, not crisp, 2 to 3 minutes. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the sweet potato puree onto each tortilla. Add a piece of tuna, then top with about 1 ounce of the pickled carrots and 1 tablespoon of the guacamole. Garnish with two sprigs of cilantro and serve., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup white balsamic vinegar, 1 pound carrots, peeled and julienned, 2 ounces ginger, peeled and julienned, 2 sweet potatoes, 2 ounces butter, 2 ounces honey, Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons Cajun seasoning, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Twelve 3ounce pieces tuna loin, 2 ounces grapeseed oil, 3 avocados, 14 cup diced red onion, 14 cup diced tomato, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons lime juice, Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper, Twelve 6inch flour tortillas, 24 cilantro sprigs], title: Tuna Tacos, picturelink: null}, 6045: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400. Toss the beets with 3 tablespoons olive oil in a roasting pan and season with salt and pepper. Roast until tender, 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, season the nuts with salt and pepper in a shallow bowl. Cut the goat cheese into 4 even rounds. Press the cut sides in the nuts and set aside. Warm the lentils in the microwave or in a saucepan and season with salt and pepper.nCook the bacon in a skillet over mediumhigh heat until crisp, 10 minutes, and transfer to paper towels with a slotted spoon. Add the shallot to the pan drippings and cook for 20 seconds. Remove from the heat whisk in the vinegar and sugar.nRemove the beets from the oven and warm the nutcrusted goat cheese on the hot roasting pan. Toss the frisee with the bacon and dressing and divide among bowls. Top the salads with beets, lentils and a round of goat cheese. Drizzle with more olive oil.nPer serving: Calories 482 Fat 39 g Saturated 12 g Cholesterol 42 mg Sodium 571 mg Carbohydrate 19 g Fiber 5 g Protein 15 gnPhotograph by Antonis AchilleosnHeat 14 cup olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the leeks and carrots and cook until tender, 5 minutes. Add the garlic and tomato paste and cook 1 minute. Increase the heat to high add 4 cups water, the cinnamon stick and lentils. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to mediumhigh, cover and simmer until tender, 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, remove the Swiss chard stems reserve 3 leaves and chop the rest. Place the whole leaves over the lentils, cover and wilt, 1 minute. Remove the chard and cover the lentils. Season the salmon with salt and pepper and wrap a wilted chard leaf around each fillet.nReserve about 1 cup lentils for another use. Stir the honey and lemon juice into the remaining lentils and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the chopped chard. Place the wrapped salmon on top of the lentils, drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Cover and cook over mediumhigh heat until the fish is just cooked through, 6 minutes.nRemove the salmon and cut into pieces. If the lentils are dry, add a splash of water. Divide lentils among bowls and top with salmon.nPer serving: Calories 510 Fat 20 g Saturated 3 g Cholesterol 70 mg Sodium 357 mg Carbohydrate 45 g Fiber 8 g Protein 40 g, ingredients: [2 medium beets, peeled and cut into 1inchthick wedges, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup hazelnuts, walnuts or pecans, finely chopped, One 4ounce log goat cheese, 1 cup leftover lentils from Salmon with Lentils, recipe follows, 14 pound slab or thickcut bacon, sliced, 1 medium shallot, minced, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, Pinch of sugar, 1 large bunch frisee, torn, or 6 cups baby greens, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 leeks, white and lightgreen parts only, halved lengthwise and chopped, 2 carrots, diced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 pound 1 14 cups French brown or green lentils, 1 bunch Swiss chard, 3 6 ounce centercut skinless salmon fillets, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon honey, Juice of 1 lemon], title: Warm Beet and Lentil Salad with Goat Cheese, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 6046: {instructions: In a nonstick pan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the bell pepper, mushrooms, onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until lightly caramelized, about 4 minutes. Add the corned beef and potatoes and cook until the potatoes begin to crisp, about 5 minutes try not to move the pan to allow the potatoes and meat to brown. Season with salt and pepper. Add the scallions and toss.nIn a separate nonstick pan with some oil, cook the eggs sunnyside up or over easy, depending on your preference. A runny egg is best for this dish so it will be creamy when mixed with the hash.nPut the hash on a plate and top with the eggs. Garnish with additional scallions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, plus more for cooking the eggs, 12 cup finely diced red or orange bell pepper, 12 cup thinly sliced mushrooms, 14 cup finely diced red onion, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, 4 ounces leftover cooked corned beef, cut into 12inch pieces, 4 ounces leftover roasted or braised potatoes, cut into 12inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced scallions, plus more for garnish, 4 large eggs], title: Leftover Corned Beef Breakfast Hash, picturelink: p.KGeIo6JHCYbwFxBTNiFZ1xeh0g6i}, 6047: {instructions: Halve the avocados lengthwise. Remove the pit and dice the flesh inside the shell. Squeeze the diced avocado into a bowl.nNext, sprinkle on some salt and mash away with a fork until you get the avocado to the consistency you want.nNow throw on a big pile of Pico de Gallo and stir together gently. Always test the guacamole with tortilla chips so youll get a more accurate gauge of the salt content.nDice up equal quantities of onion and tomato. Roughly chop the cilantro.nNow, slice 1 or 2 jalapenos in half. With a spoon, scrape out the seeds. If you like things spicy, leave in some of the white membranes. Dice the jalapenos very finely you want a hint of heat and jalapeno flavor, but you dont want to cause any fires. Now dump the four ingredients into a bowl.nSlice the lime in half and squeeze the juice from half a lime the bowl. Sprinkle with salt, and stir together until combined. Be sure to taste the pico de gallo and adjust the seasonings, adding salt or more diced jalapeno if needed., ingredients: [3 avocados, Salt, Pico de Gallo, recipe follows, Tortilla chips, for serving, 3 yellow or red onions, 12 Roma tomatoes slightly under ripe is fine, 2 cups fresh cilantro leaves, 2 to 3 jalapenos, 1 lime, Salt], title: Guacamole, picturelink: gUOWetjyowgsjXto6zPekVUdB8UsqW}, 6048: {instructions: Melt chocolate over hot water. Using a thin small clear 4sided cellophane bag cut the top off to desired height. Uncrease the bag so it stands up and open. Using a paintbrush, coat the inside of the bag well with chocolate. Put in the freezer to set up until very hard, about 30 minutes. Cut the bag a little and pull it away from the chocolate. Store chilled until ready to serve. To serve, fill it with white chocolate mousse then lay it on a plate on its side so it looks like its spilling over. Garnish it with a cascade of mixed berries and a mint sprig. You can fill it with truffles, too.nTwo days before you plan to serve the dessert, in a small saucepan, heat the cream over medium heat just until it boils. Immediately turn off the heat. Place the chocolate in a medium bowl. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and whisk until melted and smooth. Strain into another bowl, cover, and refrigerate overnight.nThe next day, remove the mixture from the refrigerator and, using a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or a hand mixer, whip it into fluffy, soft peaks. Return to the refrigerator.nIn a clean dry bowl, whip the egg whites until soft peaks form, then add the sugar and continue whipping until glossy and stiff, about 30 seconds more. Fold into the white chocolate mixture, and then spoon the mixture or pipe through a pastry bag into glasses or chocolate bags., ingredients: [8 ounces semisweet chocolate, White chocolate mousse, recipe follows or flavored whipped cream, Mixed berries, Mint sprigs, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 5 ounces white chocolate, coarsely chopped, 12 cup egg whites from about 4 eggs, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Chocolate Bag, picturelink: null}, 6049: {instructions: Preheat a grill. Mix oil, garlic and lemon juice, then grill fish, using sauce as barbecue sauce and brushing on during grilling. Grill until fish is done, when fish is about to flake and turn opaque. Sprinkle with finely chopped Italian parsley, garnish with lemon wedges and serve., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 8 to 10 cloves garlic, minced, 8 fresh sardines, cleaned 2 per person for appetizer servings, 2 large lemons, juiced, plus lemon wedges to garnish, 12 bunch Italian parsley, finely minced, to garnish], title: Grilled Sardines with San Pedro Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 6050: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Sift the almond flour, flour and powdered sugar into a mixing bowl. Add egg whites and mix on low speed for 1 minute. Add the browned butter slowly and mix well. Fold in the chocolate by hand using a rubber spatula. Portion into desired sizes and bake until lightly browned.nCaramelized Bananas: Cook sugar and water over high heat until well caramelized. Turn off the heat and add cream. Stir until well mixed it should be boiling. Add bananas and toss lightly in syrup. Strain and reserve liquid. Place bananas around financier and finish with reserved liquid.nNote: A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 12 cups almond flour, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups powdered sugar, 10 egg whites, 1 14 cups butter browned, 1 12 cups dark chocolate chopped, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 34 cup cream, 2 bananas cut into batons], title: Warm Chocolate Financier with Caramelized Bananas, picturelink: null}, 6051: {instructions: First make your sweet potato sauce. Using a vegetable juicer, juice 6 sweet potatoes, cut into small pieces, skin left on. Once you have enough juice, about 3 12 cups, let it stand for about 4 hours. This will allow much of the potato starch in the juice to settle. Trim 1 large sweet potato and cut it into hockey puck size sections. Trim sides. Rub the potato steaks with a bit of the grapeseed oil and season with salt and pepper. Place steaks on a grill pan and mark. Take your sliced filet mignon, season with salt and pepper, and sprinkle the steak fries with the Wondra flour. Transfer to a hot saute pan with tablespoon grapeseed oil. Saute steak fries until well browned and transfer to a plate lined with paper towels, and let rest for 2 to 3 minutes. Next transfer the potato steaks to a foil lined baking sheet. Bake potato steaks until tender in a preheated 350 degree oven. While the potatoes are baking, strain the sweet potato juice into a saucepan over medium heat. Reduce the sauce until you have only 34 cup left and the juice has naturally thickened. Stir in the chopped Thai chili, the ginger and strain the sauce. Add the chicken stock and set aside. Plate the potato steaks with the steak fries and sweet potatoes sauce. Garnish with sprigs of fresh pea shoots or watercress., ingredients: [7 large sweet potatoes, 12 cup grapeseed oil, 1 5ounce filet mignon, cut into 18inch thick julienne, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon Wondra flour, 1 Thai chili, chopped, 2 tablespoons gingerroot, 14 cup reduced chicken stock, Fresh pea shoots or watercress, for garnish], title: Sweet Potato Steak with Tenderloin Steak Fries, picturelink: null}, 6052: {instructions: Combine the tomatoes, olives, mint and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the escarole, vinegar and olive oil and toss gently to coat. Sprinkle in the avocado and pine nuts.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [8 ounces cherry tomatoes, halved, 12 cup Castelvetrano olives, quartered, 14 cup fresh mint, chopped, Kosher salt, 1 large head escarole, dark green leaves removed, chopped about 7 cups, 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 avocado, chilled and diced, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted], title: Tomato, Avocado and Escarole Salad, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 6053: {instructions: Remove neck and giblets reserve for other uses. Remove and discard excess fat. Rinse the bird inside and out and pat dry. Season body cavity with salt and pepper. Tie legs together and twist wing tips under back. Brush turkey with oil and lightly sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange turkey breast side up, in center of cooking grate. Place lid on grill. Cook 11 to 13 minutes per pound or until an instant read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh not touching bone registers 180 degrees and the juices run clear. Transfer turkey to a platter. Let stand for 15 minutes before carving.nCombine turkey neck and giblets in a saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a boil and simmer 15 minutes, skimming. Add bouquet. Simmer 20 minutes. Remove stock from heat and strain. Reduce to 3 cups if necessary. Have a roasting pan with 6 tablespoons turkey fat. Add flour to fat and cook for 3 minutes. Add wine to roux and whisk until smooth. Add stock and bring to a boil., ingredients: [1 oven ready turkey, defrosted, 1 tablespoon olive oil or vegetable oil, Salt and pepper, Turkey giblet stock, 1 turkey neck, Giblets, 4 cups cold water, Bouquet garni 1 bay leaf, 6 peppercorns, 6 parsley stems, 2 sprigs thyme tied in cheesecloth, 6 tablespoons turkey fat, 6 tablespoons flour, 12 cup wine, 3 cups stock], title: Grilled Turkey with Gravy, picturelink: null}, 6054: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine sugar, corn syrup, rum and butter. Bring to a boil, then let cool until lukewarm. Beat eggs 1 at a time into this mixture, then add remaining ingredients. Fill tart shell and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 50 minutes., ingredients: [Pastry pie dough for 1 9inch pie pan or 10inch tart shell, 1 cup granulated sugar, 23 cup light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 12 stick unsalted butter, softened, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups pecan halves], title: Pecan Tart, picturelink: null}, 6055: {instructions: Remove bone from chicken legs. Remove outer leaves and trim upper 23 of the lemon grass. Cut the trimmed lemon grass into thin slices and finely chop. Combine the boneless chicken and the finely chopped lemon grass with garlic, shallots, ginger, fish sauce, oyster sauce, soy sauce, rice wine, sesame oil, sugar, and black pepper and marinate for at least 2 hours.nPreheat a grill over low heat.nPlace marinated chicken on the grill, skinside down, and cook for 5 minutes over direct low heat. Turn and grill until juice comes out clear when pierced with a fork. Remove, sprinkle sesame seeds on top and serve hot.nTo pan fry, heat a nonstick frying pan over high heat until hot. Add a bit of olive oil and place 2 chicken steaks, skin side down, in the pan and let cook until skin is nicely brown. Turn and let cook until juice comes out clear when pierced with a fork. Remove from heat and keep warm. Repeat for the remaining 2 chicken steaks., ingredients: [4 whole chicken legs, approximately 3 pounds or 2 12 pounds boneless chicken legs, 2 stalks lemon grass, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot, or white parts of green onion, 2 slices fresh ginger, crushed, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, Freshly ground black pepper, Toasted sesame seeds for garnish, optional], title: Lemon Grass Chicken Steak, picturelink: null}, 6056: {instructions: Transfer the turkey to a carving board, tent it with foil and let it rest for 20 minutes.n1. Hold the turkey in place with the back of a carving fork. To retain the juices of the meat, avoid sticking tines of carving fork into meat. Remove the leg by cutting through the skin where the breast and thigh meet, pulling the leg gently from the body of the bird and cutting through the exposed joint.n2. Locate the joint between the drumstick and the thigh by gently stretching the leg. Cut through the joint. To slice meat from the thigh, hold knife parallel to bone and cut. 3. Locate where the breast meets the wing and cut through the skin. Gently pulling at the wing will expose the joint. The wing and a piece of the breast will be removed by cutting through the joint.n4. To carve the breast, cut into meat from outside of breast, producing thin slices along grain. Repeat for other side of bird., ingredients: [], title: How to Carve Your Holiday Turkey, picturelink: null}, 6057: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray an 8inch round cake pan with nonstick butter spray and line bottom with parchment.nPut the chocolate, butter, vanilla and hazelnut liqueur in a large bowl on top of a double boiler. Stir the mixture frequently until combined and smooth. Remove the chocolate from heat and put the bowl into an ice bath to cool the chocolate.nCooks Note: This step is important so the eggs will not cook when added to the chocolate. Mix in the sugar and cocoa powder. Stir in the eggs and pour into the prepared cake pan. Put the cake pan on a sheet tray and bake for 20 to 25 minutes.nRemove the cake from the oven and invert onto a rack over a sheet pan lined with parchment paper. Pour the ganache over the cake. Allow the cake to cool and set for 10 minutes before serving. Garnish with fresh berries and powdered sugar.nPut the chocolate into a large bowl. Heat the cream in a small pot, over low heat, until hot to the touch. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate. Mix well with a rubber spatula until the chocolate melts., ingredients: [Nonstick butter spray, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 stick cold butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 ounces hazelnut liqueur recommended: Frangelico, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup cocoa powder, sifted, 3 eggs, beaten, Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows, Berries, garnish, Powdered sugar, garnish, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Flourless Chocolate Cake, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 6058: {instructions: Combine the flour and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl make a well in the center. Add 1 cup ricotta and the egg to the well gradually mix into the flour with a fork to form a shaggy dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead into a smooth ball. Wrap in a kitchen towel and set aside for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, blanch the vegetables: Prepare a bowl of salted ice water. Bring a medium saucepan of generously salted water to a boil. Add the scallions boil until bright green, about 30 seconds. Transfer with a slotted spoon to the ice water. Boil the radishes, then the asparagus, cooking each until bright but still firm, 2 to 3 minutes, then plunging into the ice water. Drain the vegetables and set aside.nOn a clean, dry surface, form the cavatelli see instructions below.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the cavatelli cook until they float and are tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a bowl reserve the pasta water and toss with 2 tablespoons butter, and salt and pepper to taste. Cover to keep warm.nMelt another 2 tablespoons butter with 3 to 4 tablespoons pasta water in a skillet over medium heat. Add the vegetables toss until warm and glazed. Season with salt and pepper. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and more pasta water to make a light sauce. Toss with the cavatelli serve topped with dollops of the remaining 12 cup ricotta.nCavatelli:n1. Divide the dough into 4 pieces. Work with one piece of dough at a time cover the rest with a towel.n2. Roll the dough into a long 12 inchthick rope, working from the center to the edges to maintain an even thickness as you go.n3. Cut the rope into 14inchwide pieces we used a pastry scraper, pressing down and pushing away with each cut so the piece curls slightly.nPhotography by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Kosher salt, 14 pound 1 12 cups ricotta cheese, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 bunches scallions, cut into 2inch lengths, 6 to 8 small radishes, quartered lengthwise, 8 ounces thin asparagus, cut into 2inch pieces, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced, Freshly ground pepper], title: Cavatelli with Glazed Vegetables, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 6059: {instructions: Put the canola oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the ginger and saute for 1 minute, then add the garlic and saute for 2 minutes more. Add the chili paste, soy sauce, oyster sauce, and chicken broth. Stir the ingredients to combine and bring to a simmer. Put the mussels in the pot and steam them with the lid on until the mussels have opened, about 5 to 8 minutes. Pour the mussels with their sauce into a serving dish and garnish with the sliced scallions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon chili paste, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 12 cup chicken broth, 2 pounds mussels, cleaned and purged of sand, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced], title: Mussels in Oyster Sauce, picturelink: MycvZFzfNo7yQr3y4jQ8eWHrhy2hXky}, 6060: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a pitcher add orange wedges and sugar. Muddle until all of the juice has been extracted from the oranges. Add the cranberry juice and stir until the sugar is dissolved. Stir in the seltzer, and vodka if desired, and pour into glasses filled with ice., ingredients: [1 orange, cut into wedges, 14 cup sugar, 2 cups cranberry juice, 1 liter seltzer, 4 ounces vanilla vodka, if desired], title: Sparkling Cranberry Quencher, picturelink: lNnRDkp67pDJsgM1ALt6x2emU4IaZe}, 6061: {instructions: Cook the lasagna noodles in a large pot of salted boiling water until al dente. Drain, rinse with cold water to cool and lay flat on a sheet of foil. Set aside.nMake the sauce: In a large pot, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, mushrooms, green pepper and garlic and saute 4 to 5 minutes, until the vegetables are starting to soften. Remove the veggie mixture from the pan, then add the ground beef to the pan and cook, stirring occasionally, until its totally browned. Drain the excess fat, then add 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper, the diced tomatoes, tomato paste, the veggie mixture and 1 tablespoon each parsley and basil and stir to combine. Let the mixture simmer over low heat, 30 minutes.nMake the filling: Combine the ricotta, 12 cup mozzarella, 34 cup parmesan, the eggs, 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper and the remaining 3 tablespoons each parsley and basil. Stir to combine.nAssemble the lasagna: Spoon a thin layer of sauce onto the bottom of a 9by13inch pan or five 6inch disposable foil loaf pans. Spread 2 to 3 tablespoons ricotta filling on each lasagna noodle, then roll them up so that the cheese is on the inside of the roll. Lay them sideways in the pans. Four rollups will fit in each loaf pan, or you can fill a 9by13inch pan. Top with the remaining sauce and plenty of grated mozzarella and parmesan.nIf youre making the rollups right away, place the pans on a baking sheet and bake at 375 degrees F for 20 minutes, until hot and bubbly.nPhotograph by Steve GiraltnFind this recipe and more in Rees new book, The Pioneer Woman Cooks: Dinnertime 30, William Morrow Cookbooks., ingredients: [20 lasagna noodles, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 cup finely chopped mushrooms about 3 ounces, 1 green bell pepper, diced about 1 cup, 3 cloves garlic, minced about 1 12 tablespoons, 2 pounds ground beef, Freshly ground pepper, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 4 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 4 tablespoons minced fresh basil, 1 30ounce container wholemilk ricotta cheese about 3 13 cups, 1 pound mozzarella, grated about 3 12 cups, 1 cup grated parmesan cheese, 2 large eggs], title: Lasagna RollUps, picturelink: 5QplvLts7PtTUcmkorNVS4l7GIE3RP6}, 6062: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Place a popover or large muffin pan in the preheated oven for 10 minutes to heat it up. In a mixing bowl, beat the eggs until foamy and light. Whisk in the milk until combined. Add the flour, salt and pepper, beat just until the batter is smooth. Pour the beef drippings in the bottom of the hot pan. Then pour in the batter and bake for 10 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and continue baking for 15 to 20 minutes more until puffy and brown. Serve immediately, it deflates rapidly., ingredients: [2 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 cup flour, 12 teaspoon salt, Fresh cracked pepper, 14 cup reserved beef drippings or melted butter], title: Yorkshire Popovers, picturelink: null}, 6063: {instructions: Preheat a waffle iron to mediumhigh. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F to keep cooked waffles warm. Whisk together the milk, sugar, vanilla, salt and eggs in a bowl or baking dish. Soak a piece of bread in the mixture for 2 minutes per side.nLightly brush the top and bottom of the waffle iron with butter. Place the soaked bread on the waffle iron and close gently dont push down. Cook until golden brown and dry underneath when you lift a corner, 5 to 6 minutes. Keep the warm in the oven or covered with foil on a plate. Repeat with the remaining bread.nTop the French toast with syrup, raspberries and confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 12 cups milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 5 large eggs, Four 1 12inchthick slices brioche or challah bread, Melted unsalted butter, for brushing waffle iron, Maple syrup, raspberries and confectioners sugar, for topping, Special equipment: waffle iron preferably Belgian style], title: Waffled Brioche French Toast, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 6064: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine chicken, garlic, ginger, scallions, finely chopped red bell pepper, hoisin and salt and pepper. Roll meatballs into the size of chicken eyeballs. Place balls on a nonstick cookie sheet and coat lightly with vegetable oil, about 1 12 tablespoons. Roll balls around with your hands to gently coat with the oil. Roast the chicken eyeballs 10 to 12 minutes in a very hot oven.nAbout 5 minutes from the meatballs coming out of the oven, start stirfrying the veggies. Heat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add remaining 1 12 tablespoons vegetable oil. Add the sliced red bell pepper, carrots, spouts and pea pods to hot pan. Stir fry 1 minute, then drain noodles and add them to the vegetables. Add dark soy sauce to the noodles and toss to combine and evenly coat.nTransfer noodles to a serving platter and top with chicken eyeballs., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground chicken breast, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped ginger root, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 1 small red pepper, 14 finely chopped and the remainder thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, Chinese style barbecue sauce, Salt and coarse black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 34 small red bell pepper, sliced, 1 cup shredded carrots, 1 cup bean spouts, 1 cup snow pea pods, julienne cut, 1 pound bucatini, cooked to al dente, 14 to 13 cup dark soy Tamari sauce, eyeball it], title: Worms and Eyeballs, picturelink: null}, 6065: {instructions: For the chocolate cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour two 9inch round baking pans.nStir together the flour, sugar, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Add the milk, oil, vanilla and eggs, and beat on medium speed with an electric mixer for 2 minutes.nStir in 1 cup boiling water the batter will be thin, then pour the batter into the prepared pans. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes, then transfer from the pans to wire racks to cool completely.nFor the raspberry meringue buttercream: Heat the egg whites, granulated sugar and salt over a double boiler, whisking constantly, until the sugar dissolves.nUsing an electric mixer, whip the egg white mixture on high speed until peaks form and the mixture cools, about 5 minutes.nTurn the mixer to medium speed and add the butter, a little at a time. Add the confectioners sugar and vanilla, and mix.nFold in the raspberry paste extract right before icing the cake.nTo assemble the cake: Once the cakes are completely cooled, cut each into two layers you will have 4 layers total. Fill the first layer with a cup of buttercream and repeat each layer until all layers are assembled and stacked., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup goodquality cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup milk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 1 cup egg whites 8 large eggs, 1 cup granulated sugar, Pinch salt, 6 sticks 3 cups unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons raspberry paste extract], title: Chocolate Cake with Raspberry Meringue Buttercream, picturelink: 7HHCmCw6D8yjluBXIii67kiuV06B4S}, 6066: {instructions: Special equipment: 20 2inch square pieces of aluminum foil 20 rosemary skewers Toothpick or bamboo skewer, to makenIn a medium bowl, combine Champagne vinegar, orange olive oil, and dressing mix. Cut orange and squeeze for juice. Add shrimp and toss to coat. Set aside.nMake rosemary skewers by stripping off all the leaves except the top of 5inch rosemary stalks. Set aside.nSkewer the shrimp and tomatoes by putting 1 shrimp followed by 1 cherry tomato on each rosemary skewer. Wrap the leafy end of the rosemary in the foil squares to prevent from burning during grilling.nGrill on preheated grill for about 2 minutes per side or until the shrimp turns pink. Remove foil from ends of skewers and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Champagne wine vinegar, 1 tablespoons orange olive oil, 1 tablespoon Italian dressing mix, 1 orange, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 20 cherry tomatoes], title: Grilled Shrimp Skewers Marinated in an OrangeChampagne Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 6067: {instructions: In a medium skillet, over a high heat, melt the butter. Saute the morels and mushrooms 3 to 4 minutes. Add the thyme and shallots, and cook until translucent. Add Madeira and reduce. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until the mixture is fairly dry. Cool. Transfer mixture into a food processor and puree until smooth. Add sour cream and season to taste. Place in a crock and serve with toast points., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 4 ounces fresh morels, sliced, 4 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 shallots, chopped, 18 cup Madeira, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup sour cream, 4 slices white bread, crusts removed, toasted], title: Morel Pate, picturelink: null}, 6068: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Melt the butter in a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and about threequarters of the scallions and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the broccoli, chicken, rice, tomato, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste stir to combine. Whisk the chicken broth and sour cream in a bowl, pour into the skillet and bring to a simmer. Stir in half each of the havarti and parmesan. Cover tightly with a lid or aluminum foil, transfer to the oven and bake until the rice is tender and most of the liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Turn on the broiler. Uncover the skillet and sprinkle with the remaining havarti and parmesan, then broil until golden, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle with the reserved scallions.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 scallions, sliced, 2 cups broccoli florets, 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken skin removed, 1 cup mediumgrain white rice, 1 plum tomato, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup sour cream, 1 cup diced dill havarti cheese about 4 ounces, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese about 1 ounce], title: Chicken and Rice Casserole, picturelink: D383zUzJRuXR5QImVIwmnHb5xHeCSMS}, 6069: {instructions: Prepare the stew: Place the veal in a casserole and cover with cold water by 2 inches. Bring to a simmer and cook for 2 minutes. Drain the veal and wash it under cold water to remove all traces of the scum. Rinse the casserole and return the meat.nPour enough stock into the casserole to cover the veal by 12 inch. Bring to a gentle simmer, skimming as necessary for a few minutes. Add the vegetables and bouquet. Taste for seasoning. Cover partially and simmer gently for about 1 14 hours, or until the veal is fork tender. It should not be overcooked.nStrain the liquid from the casserole. Rinse the casserole before placing the meat back inside.nPrepare the onions: Using a paring knife, pierce a cross on the root end of the onions. To loosen the skin, plunge the onions into boiling water for 1 minute. Immediately plunge onions into an ice bath. The peel should easily slide off. Place peeled onions in a saucepan with the stock, salt, and butter. Simmer for about 30 minutes.nArrange the cooked onions over the meat. Reserve the liquid.nPrepare the sauce: In a saucepan, melt the butter. Stir in the flour over low heat until they foam together for 2 minutes. Off heat, whisk in the stock. Bring the sauce to a boil, stirring. Simmer for 10 minutes, frequently skimming off the film which rises to the surface. Fold in the mushrooms and simmer 10 minutes more, skimming. Add salt, pepper, and lemon juice to taste.nThe dish can be made ahead up to this point. Film the top of the sauce with 2 spoonfuls of stock to prevent a skin from forming.nAbout 15 minutes before serving, reheat the stew.nBlend the egg yolks and cream in a mixer. Beat in by spoonfuls 1 cup of the hot sauce. Pour the mixture into the casserole and stir to combine. Heat the stew until the sauce has thickened slightly making sure it does not come to a simmer.nGarnish with parsley and serve with rice., ingredients: [3 pounds breast of veal, cut into 2inch pieces, 6 cups cold veal stock chicken broth is optional, 1 large onion studded with 1 clove, 1 large carrot, peeled and quartered, 1 bouquet garni about 6 parsley stems, 12 bay leaf,, 12 teaspoon thyme, 1 celery stalk tied in cheesecloth, Salt, 1 12 cups pearl onions about 24, 12 cup stock from the stew, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 tablespoons butter, 5 tablespoons flour, 3 14 cups veal cooking stock plus 2 tablespoons, 2 cups sliced mushrooms, Salt and pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 egg yolks, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons parsley, minced], title: Blanquette de Veau, picturelink: null}, 6070: {instructions: Coat the beef with the flour.nHeat the butter in a 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and cook until its well browned on all sides. Remove the beef from the skillet. Pour off any fat.nAdd the shallots to the skillet. Cook for 10 minutes or until theyre tender. Stir in the stock, tomatoes, vinegar and sugar and heat to a boil. Return the beef to the skillet. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook for 1 12 hours.nAdd the carrots and mushrooms to the skillet and cook for 30 minutes or until the beef is forktender and the vegetables are tender. Remove the beef and vegetables from the skillet and keep warm.nIncrease the heat to high. Cook for 10 minutes or until the stock mixture is thickened. Return the beef and vegetables to the skillet. Season as desired. Sprinkle with the parsley and lemon zest.nServing Suggestion: Serve with wheat dinner rolls., ingredients: [1 beef chuck pot roast, cut into servingsized pieces about 1 12 pounds, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoon butter, 12 pounds small shallots, peeled, 1 cup Swansonu00ae Beef Stock, 2 medium tomatoes, chopped about 2 cups, 3 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar, 2 large carrots, cut into 2inch pieces about 1 cup, 2 cups mushrooms, cut into quarters about 5 ounces, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoon grated lemon zest], title: Braised Beef with Shallots and Mushrooms, picturelink: Hw5w68jy.X6mdxcbwIMSzAyOM54VOZu}, 6071: {instructions: 1. Heat oil in large saucepan over medium heat until hot. Add onion cook and stir 3 to 4 minutes or until tender. 2. Add refried beans, whole kernel corn, shoepeg corn, chiles, salsa, broth and jerk seasoning mix well. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. 3. Add ham, olives and lime juice mix well. Cook 3 to 4 minutes or until thoroughly heated, stirring occasionally. 4. To serve, ladle soup into individual bowls. Top each serving with 1 tablespoon sour cream and lime slice., ingredients: [Soup, 1 tablespoon oil, 13 cup frozen chopped onion, 2 16oz. cans Old El Paso Vegetarian Refried Beans, 1 11oz. can Green Giant Mexicorn Whole Kernel Corn, Red and Green Peppers, 1 11oz. can Green Giant White Shoepeg Corn, 1 4.5oz. can Old El Paso Chopped Green Chiles, 12 cup Old El Paso Thick n Chunky Salsa, 1 14oz. can chicken broth, 1 teaspoon Jamaican jerk seasoning, 1 lb. cooked lean ham, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 2 14oz. can sliced ripe olives, drained, 13 cup lime juice, 6 tablespoons sour cream, 6 lime slices], title: Jamaican Ham and Bean, picturelink: null}, 6072: {instructions: In a medium saucepot, combine the oil, vinegar, garlic, sugar, salt and black pepper. Bring to a simmer.nIn a large bowl, combine the green cabbage and carrots. Pour the warm dressing over the top. Let rest for 15 minutes, and then add the green onions and mix thoroughly.nChill the slaw and let rest for 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [4ounces vegetable oil, 4ounces white vinegar, 2ounces garlic, chopped, 2ounces granulated sugar, 1teaspoon kosher salt, 14teaspoon ground black pepper, 1pound green cabbage, shredded, 4ounces carrots, julienned, 2ounces green onion, sliced], title: MOE Slaw Recipe, picturelink: kxIx6oNe0qRMC2qmM16Yhe542R3eWsq}, 6073: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nSpread the potato chips onto a baking sheet or ovenproof serving platter and bake to warm the chips, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle a light layer of the crab boil seasoning evenly over the chips. Serve warm., ingredients: [6 cups kettlestyle potato chips, Crab boil seasoning, such as Old Bay Seasoning, for sprinkling], title: Crabby Potato Chips, picturelink: kyr82vIayncUDiXxEBRtUcgvbPNhx7a}, 6074: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F175 degrees C and bring a full kettle to the boil for a bainmarie.nMake the framboise: Put the chocolate, raspberry puree and sugar in a bainmarie and heat to melt, then bring to a boil to thicken. Whisk in the butter, a piece at a time, until smooth. Remove from the heat and beat in the eggs, one at a time. Strain into a tinfoil lined 4 cup1 litre charlotte mold or metal bowl.nSet the mold or bowl in a casserole that will accommodate it, pour the water halfway up the sides of the mold, and bake until the mixture has risen and set, about 45 minutes. Remove from the casserole dish and let cool. It will shrink. Cover and chill overnight.nTurn the framboise out onto a serving plate. Spread with a thin layer of whipped cream and then cover with fresh raspberries, starting at the base and rising up over until the cake is completely covered., ingredients: [12 ounces330 g semisweet chocolate, 34 cup175 ml cup unsweetened, strained raspberry puree, 12 cup95 g sugar, 1 cup2 sticks225 g unsalted butter, cubed, 5 eggs, 1 tablespoon raspberry liqueur or kirsch, About 1 cup250 ml heavy cream, whipped, Fresh raspberries, to decorate], title: Chocolate Framboise, picturelink: null}, 6075: {instructions: Toast both peppercorns and anise until fragrant in a saute pan. Mix everything together and taste. The liquid should be tasty, but not overly salty. Place pork in brine overnight. After brining, thoroughly rinse pork in cold water. Season the pork with black pepper and saute in well oiled pan. Color both sides then place in a 375 degree oven for 15 to 20 minutes. The middle of the pork should get hot. Note: even when fully cooked, the meat will remain pink because of the brining process. Let loin rest for 10 minutes then slice. Place pork around a mound of yams. Garnish with apples, chive batons and chile oil. Optional garnish for the adventuresome would be fried yam chips.nPlace cream and ginger in saucepan and on low heat, reduce the cream to 1 cup. In another saucepan, place yams and garlic and completely cover with cold water. Place on stove at medium heat and slowly boil. Cook about 20 to 30 minutes or until yams can be pierced with a paring knife then easily fall off of the knife. Strain well and place in food processor. Puree and add cream, butter, salt and pepper. Check for seasoning. Keep warm for serving.nIn a saute pan, coat with oil and caramelize onions. Add five spice, sugar and apples. Deglaze with juice and season. Let mixture cook and reduce by 50 percent. The apples should remain intact and have some liquid left. Stir in the butter. Check for seasoning. Do not overcook apples to mash. This can be done in advance and reheated for plating., ingredients: [12 tablespoon szechwan peppercorns, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 2 star anise, 32 ounces water 4 cups, 13 cup kosher salt, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 4 large slices ginger, 2 bay leaves, 1 pork loin, cleaned about 3 to 4 pounds, Black pepper to taste, Garnish: 14 cup chive batons, 2 tablespoons chile oil, Gingered Yams, recipe follows, Five Spice Apples, recipe follows, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 4 medium sized yams, peeled and quartered, 6 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 to 4 ounces of butter, Salt and black pepper to taste, Canola oil to cook, 1 small diced red onion, 12 tablespoon five spice powder, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled and diced, 8 ounces apple juice, 1 tablespoon butter optional, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Asian Brined Pork Loin with Gingered Yams and Five Spice Apples, picturelink: null}, 6076: {instructions: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh.nSkewer figs, leaving enough room in between, and brush lightly with canola oil. Place figs, cut side down, on grill and cook until brown, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and arrange on a serving platter. Drizzle half the figs with the ricotta and molasses and half with the melted chocolate. Garnish with mint., ingredients: [10 Mission figs, stemmed and cut in 12, Canola oil, 14 cup fresh ricotta cheese, 1 to 2 tablespoons molasses, 14 cup melted chocolate, Chopped mint leaves, for garnish], title: Grilled Figs with Ricotta and Molasses or Melted Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 6077: {instructions: For the dough: In a small bowl, combine the yeast with the sugar and 34 cup warm water. Let sit for 10 minutes until it begins to foam.nIn a large bowl, combine the allpurpose flour, wholewheat flour and salt and make a well in the center. Add the yeast mixture and olive oil. Using a fork, incorporate the wet ingredients with the dry ingredients until a dough forms. On a lightly floured surface, continue to work and then knead the dough until it is smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes.nLightly coat a clean bowl with additional olive oil and add the dough, turning once to coat the dough in the oil. Cover and set in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPunch down the dough and divide it into 2 pieces, using 1 piece for the pizza. Wrap the remaining dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate or freeze for another pizza.nFor the pizza: Stretch the dough into a 12inch circle or oval that will fit on the grill pan. Add the dough to the hot grill pan and cook until stiff and bubbles start to form, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and cook on the other side until grill marks form and the crust is completely cooked through, 1 to 2 more minutes.nTransfer the crust to a baking sheet and spread with the ricotta. Bake until the ricotta warms through and melts slightly, about 6 minutes. Top the warm pizza with the arugula, grapes and pine nuts. Drizzle with some lemon oil and serve immediately., ingredients: [One .25ounce package active dry yeast, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring the work surface, 1 cup wholewheat flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for coating the bowl, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 3 ounces baby arugula, 12 cup red grapes, sliced in half, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, Lemon oil, for drizzling], title: Ricotta, Arugula and Grape Pizza with Pine Nuts and Lemon Oil, picturelink: ZoRokIkZb1whYHJvh8TyHPUTWIGUa}, 6078: {instructions: Special equipment: a pastry bag fitted with a plain round tip about 38 inchnFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with paper liners. Whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl set aside. Beat the butter, granulated sugar and vanilla bean seeds together with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs one at a time until blended, then beat in the vanilla extract. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in half the flour mixture, followed by the milk and then the remaining flour mixture until smooth.nDivide the batter among the prepared muffin cups and bake until the tops are lightly browned and spring back when pressed, about 25 minutes. Cool in the pans for a few minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.nFor the frosting: Beat the butter and confectioners sugar together in a large bowl using an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Increase the speed to mediumhigh and beat until fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes more. Beat in the milk and vanilla extract until smooth and creamy. Transfer to a piping bag with a plain round tip about 38inch.nFrost each cupcake evenly and top with a circle of overlapping mandarin segments that touch in the middle and curve in the same direction. Place a raspberry in each center. Combine the jelly with 1 tablespoon water in a microwavesafe bowl and heat in the microwave until warm but not hot, about 30 seconds. Using a pastry brush, lightly coat the mandarin and raspberries with the jelly., ingredients: [1 13 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup milk, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 6 small mandarins, peeled and segments separated, 12 raspberries, 14 cup apricot jelly], title: Orange Flower Cupcakes, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 6079: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cookies:nPreheat an oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a metal bowl, combine both chocolates with the butter. Put the bowl over a pot of boiling water for a makeshift double boiler. Lower the heat so the water is hot but not boiling. Stir the chocolate with a plastic spatula, from time to time, until the chocolate and butter melt together. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the egg, sugar and vanilla. Beat until the mixture comes together and becomes a pale yellow color, about 1 minute.nCombine the flour, baking powder and salt in a separate bowl. Sift and add it to the egg mixture. Stir until blended. Using a rubber spatula, add half of the melted chocolate to the batter and gently stir to combine. Add the remaining chocolate and stir again until combined.nDrop tablespoonfuls of the cookie batter onto a greased baking sheet or a greased parchmentlined baking sheet. Leave room in between the cookies so they can spread out as they bake. You should be able to drop 18 cookies total, on the baking sheet, depending on their size.nPut the baking sheet in the center of the oven and bake for 4 minutes. Rotate the pan halfway and bake for an additional 4 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and allow the cookies to cool, 10 to 15 minutes, before transferring to a plate.nFor the filling:nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Put the chopped white chocolate into a baking dish, preferably not a metal dish, and melt it in oven. Remove it after about 10 minutes and stir. Put back into the oven and continue to cook until caramelized, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk together the mascarpone and rum in a small bowl.nAdd the caramelized chocolate to a medium bowl. Blend in the mascarpone mixture until combined. Refrigerate until the cookies have cooled.nBring the filling to room temperature before spreading it between the cookies to make sandwiches., ingredients: [34 cup chopped semisweet chocolate, 13 cup chopped unsweetened chocolate, 3 tablespoons lightly salted butter, 1 egg, room temperature, 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups white chocolate, chopped, 14 cup mascarpone, room temperature, 1 tablespoon dark rum], title: Chocolate Drop Cookies with Caramelized White Chocolate Filling, picturelink: KHC05oOwe7y7ezzwkDqY1Aizgr07HB2}, 6080: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill.nIn a large skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the turkey sausage and cook, stirring frequently, until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat. Stir in the mascarpone cheese. Add the thyme, oregano, bread crumbs, 12 cup of Gorgonzola, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Stir until all ingredients are combined.nBrush the mushrooms on both sides with the remaining oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the mushrooms, stem side down, for 3 minutes. Turn the mushrooms over and grill for 2 minutes until tender. Fill each mushroom with the sausage mixture and top with the remaining Gorgonzola. Return the mushrooms to the grill and cook until the stuffing is warmed through and the Gorgonzola starts to melt, about 5 to 7 minutes.nCooks Note: The assembled mushrooms can also be placed on a baking sheet and cooked under a preheated broiler until warmed through., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 14 cup, 12 ounces turkey sausage, casings removed, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped oregano leaves, 34 cup plain bread crumbs, 1 cup 4ounces Gorgonzola, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 6 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed], title: Grilled and Stuffed Portobello Mushrooms with Gorgonzola, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 6081: {instructions: Marinate the onions in the lemon juice overnight, refrigerated. Toast the cheese under the broiler until black, then cool and shred. Combine the marinated onions with the cheese, and remaining ingredients. Mix gently, but completely and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 medium red onions, sliced as thinly as possible, 4 lemons, juiced, 1 cup ricotta salata cheese feta is a good alterative, 4 cups large diced seedless watermelon, 12 cup chopped pitted kalamata olives or other quality ripe olive, 14 cup loosely packed, fresh mint leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Watermelon Salad, picturelink: null}, 6082: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Grease a 9 x 5 x 3inch loaf pan. Place dates in a large bowl, sprinkle soda over dates and pour boiling water over top. Set aside for about 510 minutes to cool. In another bowl, mix together the flour, salt, sugar and walnuts. Beat the egg with the oil and add to the cooled date mixture. Stir in the dry ingredients and mix well.nPour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour, or until bread begins to pull away from side of pan and center is done when tested. Set aside to cool and unmold.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, blend whipped cream cheese with sugar and lemon zest.nTo serve, slice the bread thin and top with a spoonful of cream cheese., ingredients: [1 cup pitted dates, roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup boiling water, 1 12 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 12 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened and whipped, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest], title: Date and Walnut Loaf, picturelink: null}, 6083: {instructions: For the Onions:nRemove the shoot and base of the onions. Peel off the onion skin and cut the onions from pole to pole.nCut the onion into 14inch slices. Add the olive oil to a large saute pan over medium heat, then add the onions and season with the salt.nCook until the onions begin to wilt, about 30 minutes, stirring every 15 minutes to prevent sticking. Reduce the heat to low and continue to stir every few minutes as the onions reduce in size.nIf necessary, deglaze the pan with balsamic vinegar or water.nContinue cooking until the onions are dark brown. Turn off the heat and scrape up any bits that are stuck to the bottom of the pan. Allow the onions to cool.nFor the Frittata:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, add the eggs, milk, and salt and mix to combine.nRemove the paper from the prosciutto and stack the slices. Chop the prosciutto into 12inch pieces.nAdd the butter to an ovensafe 10inch pan over medium heat. Once the butter has melted, add the olive oil and reduce the heat to mediumlow.nPour the egg mixture into the pan. When the eggs start to set, about 10 minutes, add the Parmesan and prosciutto. Stir gently and dot the top with the goat cheese.nBake in the preheated oven until the frittata is set and the goat cheese is melted, about 15 to 20 minutes.nRemove from the oven and using a rubber spatula, loosen the frittata from the sides of the pan. Slide it onto a cutting board and cut into wedges. Arrange the wedges on a serving platter and top with caramelized onions and thyme leaves before serving., ingredients: [3 large onions, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup balsamic vinegar or water, optional, 8 large eggs, 14 cup milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces prosciutto di Parma, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 ounces Parmesan, grated, 6 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, 12 cup caramelized onions, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped thyme leaves], title: Goat Cheese, Prosciutto and Caramelized Onion Frittata, picturelink: null}, 6084: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray large cookie sheet with cooking spray.nIf using crescent rolls: Unroll dough press into 12x8inch rectangle, firmly pressing perforations to seal. If using dough sheet: Unroll dough press into 12x8inch rectangle.nSpread cranberry chutney on top of rectangle, within 14 inch of edges. Arrange sliced turkey evenly over cranberry chutney. Sprinkle shredded cheese over sliced turkey.nStarting with longest side, roll up pinch long side to seal. With serrated knife, cut into 24 slices. Place cut side down on cookie sheet.nBake 10 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from cookie sheets. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 can 8 oz PillsburyR refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 1 can 8 oz PillsburyR Crescent Recipe CreationsR refrigerated seamless dough sheet, 4 tablespoons cranberry chutney from 9.4oz jar or whole berry cranberry sauce from 16oz can, 4 slices about 5 oz thinly sliced turkey breast, 23 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese], title: Turkey Cranberry Pinwheels, picturelink: null}, 6085: {}, 6086: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water season with salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer until almost tender, about 12 minutes. Add the green beans and continue cooking until the beans and potatoes are tender, about 3 more minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. Gently stir in the roasted red peppers, vinegar, scallions, 2 tablespoons olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste set aside.nSeason the chicken with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, then the chicken and cook until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from the heat and drizzle with the lemon juice.nAdd the arugula to the potato salad and toss top with the goat cheese and serve with the chicken.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 pound baby Yukon gold potatoes, halved, Kosher salt, 4 ounces green beans, trimmed and cut into pieces, 1 3ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained and chopped, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 3 scallions white and light green parts only, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground pepper, 1 14 pounds thincut skinless, boneless chicken breasts, Juice of 1 lemon, 3 cups baby arugula about 2 ounces, 2 ounces goat cheese, crumbled], title: Chicken with Warm Potato Salad, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 6087: {instructions: Cover the turkey slices with plastic wrap and pound to flatten. Sprinkle all over with salt and pepper, brush lightly with olive oil and reserve.nPreheat the grill or broiler.nMelt 3 tablespoons of the butter in a medium skillet over low heat. Cook the onions with 1 12 teaspoons salt, stirring and shaking the pan frequently, until the onions are golden, about 15 minutes. Pour in the vinegar, turn the heat up to high and reduce by half. Then pour in the turkey or chicken stock and reduce again by half.nThinly slice the remaining cold butter. Reduce the heat to low and whisk the butter into the sauce a little at a time. Remove from the heat. Stir in the cracked pepper.nGrill or broil the turkey slices less than a minute per side. Serve over a bed of seared greens, if desired, with the sauce over all., ingredients: [2 14 pounds raw turkey breast, cut into thin scallops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil for brushing, 7 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold, 2 medium red onions, diced, 1 cup white vinegar, 2 cups turkey or chicken stock or canned broth, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper], title: Grilled Turkey Breast with Vinegar and Cracked Pepper, picturelink: null}, 6088: {instructions: In a large bowl combine slaw mix, raisins and almonds. Pour the dressing over the slaw mixture and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [1 16ounce bag broccoli slaw mix, 1 cup raisins, 12 cup slivered almonds, 1 cup ranch dressing], title: Broccoli Slaw, picturelink: ka9ToX4IKchoOEUyDJlIKPvXxBmNrC}, 6089: {instructions: In a small pot, combine all ingredients with the exception of salt. Over a medium flame, bring mixture to a simmer. Reduce the heat and cook until the mixture has been reduced by 13 of original volume. Stir frequently. When mixture has been reduced, add the salt. Cool. Pour mixture into 4 to 5 conical shaped paper cups. Freeze. The kulfi should be allowed to freeze for 8 to10 hours.nIn a small sauce pot, combine the water, sugar, lemon zest. Bring to a simmer and add the lemon verbena. Pull the pot from the flame and allow to infuse for about 30 minutes. Place pot back on a low flame and add the raspberries. Bring entire mixture to a simmer and cook for about 15 minutes. Cool slightly and pass mixture through a chinois. Chill syrup.nSimply toss the fresh berries in the syrup just a few minutes prior to serving.nTo serve, pull the kulfi from the freezer and unwrap paper. Place kulfi in a bowl and serve the fresh berries tossed in syrup along side the kulfi., ingredients: [24 ounces heavy cream, 8 ounces milk, 3 ounces sugar, 1 piece vanilla bean, Pinch of salt, 12 ounces water, 8 ounces sugar, 1 pint red raspberries, 12ounce lemon verbena, Zest of 1 lemon, 12 pint red raspberries, 12 pint black raspberries or blackberries], title: Vanilla Bean Kulfi with RaspberryLemon Verbena Syrup and Berries, picturelink: null}, 6090: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLadle 3 ounces of the Mornay Sauce in the center of an ovenproof dinner plate. Place the turkey on top of the sauce, and cover with the remaining 3 ounces of Mornay Sauce. Garnish with toast points at four corners of the plate, meeting the edge of the sauce. Sprinkle with the cheese to cover the sauce and lay the bacon as an X across the top in the middle.nPlace in the oven until hot and bubbling, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and place the tomato slices between the toast points. Sprinkle with the paprika and chopped parsley and serve.nIn a large saute pan set over mediumlow heat, melt the butter and add the onions, saute until translucent. Slowly add the flour and continue to cook, being careful not to thicken it too much. Once the mixture reaches a very light golden brown, remove from the heat and set aside until ready to add to the sauce.nIn a separate large saucepan set over low heat, add the milk, broth, mustard, Worcestershire, stock, poultry seasoning, garlic salt, nutmeg, white pepper and bay leaf. Cook until the mixture comes to a gentle simmer. Add the roux slowly, one spoonful at a time, while whisking continually until you achieve the desired consistency.nIn separate container, add 12 to 34 cup water to the cornstarch to make a slurry. Add the slurry to the sauce mixture and whisk. Add the cheese mix and the Parmesan to the sauce and stir until smooth and thick., ingredients: [6 ounces Mornay Sauce, recipe follows, 4 ounces slow roasted turkey breast, thinly sliced, 4 toast points, made from toasted Italian white bread, 1 ounce Cheddar, shredded, 2 strips applewood smoked bacon, cooked, 2 slices vineripe beefsteak tomatoes, cut into half moons, 1 pinch paprika, 1 pinch freshly chopped parsley, 8 ounces unsalted butter, 12 small onion, finely diced, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more if needed, 8 cups whole milk, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon powdered chicken stock base, 14 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 1 pinch garlic salt, 1 pinch ground nutmeg, 1 pinch ground white pepper, 1 bay leaf, 12 cup cornstarch, 8 ounces cheese mix, equal parts shredded Cheddar, Swiss and American cheese, 12 cup shredded Parmesan], title: Hot Browns, picturelink: Zs1g0XEQz74Xct37WKBlRbeo7c54hO}, 6091: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, with an electric mixer, cream the butter and shortening together with the brown sugar. Add the eggs 1 at a time and mix well. Add the vanilla and chocolate extract and raspberry flavoring, mix well. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, salt, baking soda and cocoa powder. Slowly add to butter mixture and mix thoroughly. With a rubber spatula, stir in the chocolate chips and nuts. Scoop onto a parchment lined baking sheet with a 2 12inch ice cream scoop and bake for 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [1 cups unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup butterflavored shortening recommended: Crisco, 2 12 cups brown sugar, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon chocolate extract, 2 tablespoons raspberry flavoring recommended: Wilton, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 23 cup cocoa powder, 2 cups white chocolate chips, 2 cups milk chocolate chips, 2 cups dark chocolate chips, 2 cups macadamia nuts, halved], title: Chocorazz Triple Chip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 6092: {instructions: Lightly oil a small baking sheet. Whisk the stock, semolina flour, and salt in a heavy medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat until the mixture bubbles and is very thick, about 10 minutes. Beat the egg in a large bowl. Gradually beat the semolina mixture into the egg.nTransfer the gnocchi mixture to the prepared baking sheet, spreading it to form a 12inchthick layer. Cover and refrigerate until the gnocchi mixture is cold and firm, at least 1 hour.nPreheat the broiler. Generously butter a 10inchdiameter gratin dish. Using a 2inchdiameter cookie cutter, cut out rounds from the gnocchi mixture. Arrange the gnocchi in the prepared bakinggratin dish, overlapping slightly. Brush the remaining butter over the gnocchi. Sprinkle with the cheese, and pepper, if desired. Broil until the gnocchi are heated through and beginning to brown, about 6 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups low sodium chicken stock, 34 cup semolina flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, optional], title: Gnocchi alla Romana, picturelink: null}, 6093: {instructions: In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, saute onion and garlic in olive oil until soft. Add tomato puree and tomato paste. Simmer, uncovered, for 20 minutes. Add lobster. After 5 minutes, add shrimp. After another 2 minutes, add calamari. The stew should be done in 2 minutes. Do not over cook calamari or it will toughen. Add basil and red pepper flakes. Serve over linguini and sprinkle with cheese., ingredients: [1 small onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 28ounce can tomato puree, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 1 uncooked lobster tail, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 pound jumbo shrimp about 22pound, shelled and deveined, 1 squid, cleaned and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped basil, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 pound cooked linguini, 14 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Seafood Pasta, picturelink: null}, 6094: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMarinate the chickens in 23 of the barbecue sauce for a few hours or overnight in the refrigerator.nHeat the coals in a charcoal grill. Spread the bottom of the grill with a single layer of hot coals and then add a few more coals 5 minutes before cooking, which will keep the fire going longer. Place the chicken quarters on the grill, skin side down, and cook for about 45 minutes, turning once or twice to cook evenly on both sides. Brush with the marinade, as needed. The chicken quarters are done when you insert a knife between a leg and thigh and the juices run clear. Discard any unused marinade.nServe with extra barbecue sauce on the side.nIn a large saucepan on low heat, saute the onions and garlic with the vegetable oil for 10 to 15 minutes, until the onions are translucent but not browned. Add the tomato paste, vinegar, honey, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, chili powder, cumin, and red pepper flakes. Simmer uncovered on low heat for 30 minutes. Use immediately or store in the refrigerator.nCopyright, 1999, The Barefoot Contessa Cookbook, All Rights ReservednYield: 1 12 quarts, ingredients: [2 chickens 2 12 to 3 pounds each, quartered, with backs removed, 1 recipe Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 cups chopped yellow onion 1 large onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup tomato paste 10 ounces, 1 cup cider vinegar, 1 cup honey, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 cup hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes], title: Barbecued Chicken, picturelink: fG54IsmLOh6zaVRQk6ivTNTmd3HsYt.}, 6095: {instructions: Combine the sugar, honey, 2 cups of cranberries and 1 cup of water in a medium saucepan and cook over mediumhigh heat until the cranberries pop and become soft and the mixture thickens slightly. Stir in the onion, ginger, chile, garlic, season with salt and pepper and cook until thick about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining cranberries and cilantro. Serve warm or at room temperature.nFor the cranberry Sauce:nBring cranberry juice, vinegar and wine to a boil in a large saucepan, stir in the sugar and cook until the mixture is reduced by half. Add the chicken stock and peppercorns and cook until reduced to about 1 12 cups or sauce consistency. Strain the sauce and season with salt. Keep warm.nFor the Grilled Lamb Chops:nHeat the grill to high or a grill pan over high heat. Brush chops on both sides with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown on both sides and cooked to medium doneness, about 6 minutes total. Remove lamb from the grill, loosely tent and let rest 5 minutes before serving. Serve on a plater with cranberry chutney and cranberry sauce. Garnish with fresh cilantro., ingredients: [12 cup light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 cups cranberries, divided, 1 cup water, 1 medium red onion, finely diced, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, grated, 1 serrano chile, finely diced, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 2 cups cranberry juice, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup red wine, 12 cup granulated sugar, 4 cups enriched homemade chicken stock, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, Salt, 8 4 to 5ounce porterhouse lamb chops, Olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Cilantro leaves, garnish, Finely chopped chives, garnish, For the Cranberry Chutney:], title: Grilled Lamb Chops with Cranberry Sauce and CranberrySerrano Chutney, picturelink: null}, 6096: {instructions: Put the passionfruit puree, pisco, Simple Syrup and cilantro into a cocktail shaker. Muddle the cilantro, add large ice cubes and shake. Doublestrain into a champagne flute and fill with Moscato dAsti. Stir gently will a bar spoon, garnish with a slice of lime and serve.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 ounce passionfruit puree, 12 ounce artisanal pisco, such as Barsol Pisco Mosto Verde, 12 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 sprig fresh cilantro, 3 ounces Moscato dAsti, Small slice of lime, for garnish, 1 cup sugar], title: April Showers, picturelink: s3O12OlkAlQmcycC67tbjZECgMXwFau}, 6097: {instructions: Combine the almond milk, yogurt and ice in a blender. Choose your smoothie color and add the ingredients for that color to the blender. Blend on low speed at first, then switch to high speed and blend until completely smooth. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup almond milk, 12 cup plain yogurt, 1 cup ice, 1 cup loosely packed baby spinach, 12 green apple, diced, Juice of 12 lime, 12 cup carrot juice, 12 cup diced frozen peaches, 1 cup blueberries, 2 tablespoons peanut butter powder, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 1 cup raspberries, 14 cup pomegranate juice, 1 tablespoon cashew butter, 12 cup diced mangos, 12 banana, Pinch turmeric], title: Rainbow Smoothie, picturelink: i546p3AlQc3TJVBe7fOi9Tljw6SsQJ.}, 6098: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTo make the sauce: Mix the mayonnaise with the ketchup and chili sauce in a bowl or food processor. Season the sauce with lemon juice, salt and pepper, Worcestershire, crab boil and grated horseradish and reserve.nTo make the sandwiches: Slice the croissants in half then lightly toast them in the oven.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl, mix the crab with the mayonnaise, cream cheese, and capers. Season the mixture with Worcestershire, hot pepper sauce, crab boil, lemon juice and salt and pepper.nSpoon or pipe the crab mixture onto the croissant halves. Arrange the sandwiches on 4 plates. Drizzle with sauce and serve., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup ketchup, 14 cup chili sauce, Lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Dash Worcestershire sauce, Pinch crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 14 teaspoon grated horseradish, optional, 4 croissants, 34 pound lump crab, picked to remove shells, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons cream cheese, softened, 1 teaspoon capers, chopped, Dash Worcestershire sauce, Dash hot pepper sauce, Pinch crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, Lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Open Faced Crab Salad Sandwich, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 6099: {instructions: Place the ancho and guajillo chiles in a small saucepot and cover with the stock. Bring to a low boil, reduce the heat to low and simmer gently 10 to 15 minutes. Puree and reserve.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a Dutch oven over high heat. Add the chorizo and begin to render the fat. Pat the beef dry with paper towel and sprinkle with salt and black pepper before adding into the Dutch oven with the Worcestershire. Cook until a nice crusty brown develops on the beef the salt helps make a nice crust on meat. Add the coriander, cumin, oregano, cloves, cinnamon, garlic, chile and onions and cook until the onions are soft. Pour in the beer to deglaze the pan, scraping up any brown bits that have accumulated on the bottom of the pan. Add the dried chili puree, masa harina and honey. Reduce the heat to low and simmer to thicken and develop flavor, 45 minutes.nServe with the toppings of your choice., ingredients: [3 dried ancho chiles, stemmed and seeded, 2 dried guajillo or pasilla chiles, stemmed and seeded, 3 cups beef stock, 1 tablespoon vegetable or olive oil, 1 pound fresh Mexican chorizo, casings removed or 13 pound centercut bacon, finely chopped, 1 12 pounds ground beef chuck ask butcher for a coarse grind, Kosher salt and coarse black pepper, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon coriander about a palmful, 1 tablespoon cumin about a palmful, 1 12 teaspoons Mexican oregano about 12 palmful, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, Pinch cinnamon, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 fresh red Fresno or jalapeno chile, seeded and chopped, or sliced with seeds for extra heat, 1 large onion, chopped, Manchego or Monterey Jack cheese, shredded, 12 ounces dark lager beer, such as Negra Modelo, 3 tablespoons masa harina or corn meal, 1 tablespoon honey, Cilantro leaves, Lime wedges, Minced raw onions, Pepitas, Pickled sliced jalapenos or chopped giardiniera mix, Sour cream, Crushed tortilla or other chips, such as Fritos], title: Touchdown Chili, picturelink: YoeV7u9AIGAzpuynZkMmtxSUtLISyK}, 6100: {instructions: In food processor combine beans and garlic. Process and add rosemary and olive oil. Squeeze in lemon juice and a dash of hot pepper sauce. Process until smooth. Scoop into dish and serve with toasted pitas., ingredients: [1 can white cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 3 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 lemon, Hot pepper sauce, 1 teaspoon rosemary], title: White Bean Dip, picturelink: null}, 6101: {instructions: 1. Spread one tablespoon pesto onto one side of each bread slice. Divide chicken strips among 4 slices of bread. Place a slice of cheese on top of chicken. Top with remaining bread slices, pesto side down.n2. Brush the outer sides of each sandwich with olive oil.n3. Heat large skillet or griddle over medium. Grill sandwiches until browned on one side turn and grill until brown on other side.nServing Suggestion: Cut sandwiches diagonally. Serve with pasta salad. Refrigerate leftovers., ingredients: [strong, 1, strong, package Tysonu00ae Grilled  Readyu00ae Refrigerated Fully Cooked Grilled Chicken Breast Strips, u, , 6 oz., or, 114, cups Tysonu00ae Grilled  Readyu00ae Frozen Fully Cooked Oven Roasted Diced Chicken Breast, thawed, 12, cup pesto sauce, prepared, 8, slices Italian bread, 4, slices provolone cheese, 14, cup olive oil], title: Tysonandreg Grilled Chicken Panini, picturelink: null}, 6102: {}, 6103: {instructions: Open the can of tomatoes and pour off the juice into a bowl. Use the lid to press against the tomatoes to extract as much juice as possible. Then use your hand to squeeze the tomatoes to a pulp. Reserve the juice and pulp separately and set the empty can aside.nHeat the olive oil in a heavy saucepan over medium high heat until hot. If using the jalapeno, tilt the pan to collect the oil in a little pool against the side and drop the jalapeno into the oil. Cook until lightly brown, about 2 minutes. Remove the jalapeno and reserve.nAdd the onion to the pan and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and cook briefly until light gold. Add the tomato juice and bring to a boil. Simmer rapidly for several minutes. Add the crushed tomato pulp. Then rinse the remaining pulp out of the can by filling it halfway with water and add that to the pan. Add the bay leaf, jalapeno, if using, and salt and pepper, to taste, and return to a boil. Add the sundried tomatoes and stir. Lower the heat to medium and simmer, stirring occasionally to prevent scorching, until the mixture thickens and the tomatoes have turned an orange red versus the pale blue red they were straight from the can, about 30 minutes. Add the oregano halfway through the cooking.nDiscard the bay leaf. Peel, seed and mash the jalapeno with a spoonful of the sauce and pass at the table so diners can add as much heat s they like to their plates.nVariation for quick tomato sauce: substitute 2 pounds vine ripened tomatoes for the canned tomatoes. Peel the tomatoes, cut in 12 crosswise, and squeeze out the juice and seeds over a sieve suspended over a bowl. Chop the tomatoes. Proceed as directed, omitting the dried tomatoes and using jalapeno, if desired. The recipe may be increased proportionately., ingredients: [28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 jalapeno optional, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup drained and chopped oil packed sundried tomatoes, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves], title: Quick Tomato Sauce, picturelink: 7sS9nNQ068FHH1rYRcX1t.w2PZQ.b1K}, 6104: {instructions: Prepare the rice according to package directions. Set aside.nHeat the oil in a wok or large deep skillet over high heat. Add the green beans and onions and cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are lightly browned, about 5 minutes.nAdd the peppers and 12 teaspoon salt and stirfry until the green beans and peppers are crisptender, about 3 minutes. Add the broth, scraping up any browned bits. Stir in the shredded chicken, rice, spice blend and 12 teaspoon salt and simmer until no excess liquid remains, about 1 minute. Season with salt.nTransfer to a platter, sprinkle with the parsley and pine nuts and serve., ingredients: [Two 8.5 to 8.8ounce packages 90second, microwaveready whole grain brown rice, or 4 cups cooked brown rice, 1 tablespoon grapeseed or canola oil, 8 ounces fresh green beans, trimmed and halved on the diagonal, 1 large white onion, thinly sliced, 1 large red bell pepper, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 34 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 10 ounces shredded rotisserie chicken breast meat, about 2 cups from 1 rotisserie chicken, 34 teaspoon Moroccan spice blend ras el hanout or ground cinnamon, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons toasted pine nuts], title: Middle EasternStyle Chicken, Veggies and Rice, picturelink: kYkn0pLeiSkcSaeMUJ6v0ldvXeWw7P.}, 6105: {instructions: For the Lace Cookies:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine an 18 by 12inch baking sheet with aluminum foil.nPlace the pecans and sugar in the work bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade and process until the nuts are coarsely chopped. Add the butter, flour, molasses, cream, and vanilla and process until well mixed and the nuts are finely chopped. Transfer the dough to a bowl.nPlace heaping tablespoonfuls of the dough on the foillined baking sheet, spacing the cookies far apart and leaving lots of room to expandu00bfmakes only 6 cookies at a time.nPlace in the oven and bake for 10 minutes, or until bubbly all over and golden brown. Watch the cookies carefully, as they turn from brown to burned very quickly the baking time may need to be adjusted according to your oven. Remove from the oven and place, still on the foil, on a cake rack to cool completely. Continue to bake the cookies in batches until all the dough is used. Make extra cookies, as they are very fragile and break easily. Once they are cooled, very carefully peel the foil away from the back of the lace cookies it is very easy to break the cookies. If holding the cookies for any length of time, place in an airtight container.nFor the Orange Mascarpone Filling:nPlace the cream in a small bowl and whip by hand or with an electric mixer until fairly stiff. Using a whisk, stir in the mascarpone, liqueur, sugar, and orange zest until the mixture is smooth. Be careful not to over mix, because the mascarpone might separate. Use immediately, or set aside and refrigerate for up to 3 hours.nTo assemble, place 1 lace cookie on a dessert plate. Spread 1 tablespoon of the filling gently over the cookie, or pipe, using a pastry bag. Place 4 raspberries, equally spaced, on the filling. Place a third cookie on top of the raspberries and top with 1 tablespoon of the filling. Repeat with the remaining cookies and filling.nGarnish each dessert with 3 or 4 raspberries and a mint sprig. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup pecans, 12 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons molasses, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 18 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup heavy cream, chilled, 4 ounces 12 cup mascarpone, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon orange flavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest preferably mandarin orange, 2 halfpints raspberries, rinsed and dried 2 cups, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Lace Cookies with OrangeMascarpone Filling and Raspberries, picturelink: 4hlRU.YF9YAgeVkdpmUiB2ySODDsEsW}, 6106: {instructions: Accompaniment: fatfree frozen yogurt or raspberry sauce and powdered sugar.nPreheat the oven 350 degrees F. Spray a 9inch cake pan with cooking spray and dust with additional cocoa powder, set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flours, sugar, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt set aside. In another bowl, combine the prune puree, egg whites, vanilla, and coffee. Mix the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and pour into the prepared cake pan.nBake for 20 to 25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the middle of the cake comes out clean. Cool the cake in the pan on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Run a knife around the edge of the cake and invert onto a wire rack to cool completely. Cut into 14 wedges to serve., ingredients: [23 cup wholewheat pastry flour, 14 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 cup raw cane sugar Turbinado, 23 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup pureed prunes or unsweetened applesauce, 3 large egg whites, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup coffee], title: Espresso Cake, picturelink: null}, 6107: {instructions: Sift the flour into a bowl and make a well in the center. Beat the eggs, salt, water and nutmeg and pour a little into the well. Using a hand held blender with a kneading attachment, mix the liquid into the flour, working outward from the center. Gradually add the remaining liquid, taking care not to let any lumps form. Beat the dough until it forms bubbles. Cut the dough into pieces using a spaetzle grater or a sieve with large holes. Drop the cut dough into the boiling, salted water, and simmer until the spaetzle floats to the top. Place the cooked spaetzle in a colander and rinse with cold water. Melt the butter in a saute pan, toss in the spaetzle and brown in the butter., ingredients: [7 ounces all purpose flour, 2 eggs, 5 tablespoons water or milk, Pinch nutmeg, Boiling salted water, 1 12 ounces butter], title: Spaetzle, picturelink: null}, 6108: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Place baguette slices in single layer on baking sheet. Toast in oven until golden, about 10 minutes.nSprinkle Gorgonzola on baguette slices. Sprinkle nuts over each. Drizzle each slice lightly with honey., ingredients: [12 13inchthick baguette slices, 3 ounces Gorgonzola crumbles, at room temperature, 12 cup chopped walnuts or pecans, Honey], title: Gorgonzola Crostini, picturelink: G5rIVQyyOxhB9DPxNGqWs8mO2qN0hy}, 6109: {instructions: Mix 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Pierce 6 russet potatoes with a fork rub with the oil. Bake on the top oven rack at 375 degrees F put a baking sheet below to catch drippings until tender, 50 minutes. Slice open and top with butter, salt, pepper and chives.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Crispy Baked Potatoes, picturelink: .b.ZFVoeISA1PAbwoPSEgOpLaW1qW}, 6110: {instructions: Rub the elk roast with salt and pepper. Roast in a preheated 400degree F oven for about 25 minutes per pound, or until the thermometer registers 140 degrees. While the elk is roasting, periodically, baste the roast with the rendered duck fat to maintain the moisture. Let roast cook until an inserted meat thermometer reads 155 degrees. Let the roast rest for 10 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [2 pounds elk roast, Pinch salt and pepper, 12 cup duck fat, rendered], title: Roasted Elk, picturelink: null}, 6111: {instructions: For the Tomato SaladSauce: Cut the tomatoes in 12 crosswise, parallel to the stems, and gently press the seeds out. Cut the flesh into 12inch pieces, and put them in a bowl large enough to hold the finished dish. Add the remaining salad ingredients and toss well.nFor the Pasta: Salt the water and bring to a boil. Add the pasta, stir well, bring back to a boil, and boil, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for about 10 minutes, more or less, depending on how firm you like your pasta. Add a 6ounce ladle of the hot pasta water to the tomato salad. Drain the pasta in a colander, and add it immediately to the tomato salad. Toss thoroughly, and divide the pasta among 4 soup plates. Sprinkle generously with the cheese, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound ripe tomatoes 2 or 3 tomatoes, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic cloves, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup shredded basil leaves, Salt, 8 cups water, 1 pound penne or bowtie pasta, 13 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Giobbis Primavera Pasta, picturelink: CTfEq6ADJpKf4ys4awoYB4hpdzgXqm}, 6112: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, mushrooms, celery and garlic and saute until tender. Add the flour and form a roux, stirring to incorporate the butter and flour.nSlowly add the vegetable stock and stir until smooth. Continue to cook until the sauce coats the back of a spoon. If the sauce looks too thick you can add more stock or water to thin it down.nAdd all the blanched vegetables to the sauce along with the fresh herbs. Cook for 5 minutes, gently stirring, over medium heat. Add the mascarpone and heavy cream and allow to reduce for another 5 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper. While the sauce is simmering, add the canola oil to a large skillet, over medium heat, until smoking. Slice the bread into triangles and shallowfry on both sides until golden brown. Remove from the oil, drain on paper towels and set aside. To serve, place a ladle of vegetable stew into each large soup bowl and garnish with fried toast points.nCooks Note: Blanching vegetable is a great way to speed up the cooking process of any dish and is very simple to do. Simply cook vegetables in boiling salted water until vegetables are still firm but cooked, then remove from boiling water and place into a bowl of iced water to stop the cooking process. Drain and set aside until ready to use., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 1 cup finely diced onion, 12 cup roughly chopped mushrooms, 12 cup diced celery, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 34 cup vegetable stock, 2 cups baby carrots, blanched, 14 pound peeled asparagus, cut into 1inch pieces and blanched, 12 cup blanched, roughly chopped green pepper, 12 cup blanched, chopped yellow squash, 12 cup blanched, chopped zucchini, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped chives leaves, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 14 cup mascarpone cheese, 14 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup canola oil, 6 slices white bread], title: Cream of the Crop Vegetable Fricassee with Fried Toast Points, picturelink: null}, 6113: {instructions: Remove the pork butts from refrigeration 1 hour before cooking. Do not remove the bone.nHeat the lard in a large stainless steel pot over high heat to 250 degrees F. The pot needs to be large enough to fit all the pieces of pork butt side by side, not on top of each other, and preferably not touching each other. Add enough lard to completely submerge the meat. Add the onion and garlic and let brown but do not burn. If garlic burns, you must start the process over. Remove onions and garlic from the lard and discard.nCarefully add the pork pieces to the lard and then allow the oil to reach 250 degrees F again. Do not let the pork stick to the bottom or sides of pot. Stir around every 30 minutes to insure even coloring. Cook for approximately 1 to 1 12 hours. The pork should be caramelcolored with an internal temperature of 170 to 180 degrees F on an instantread thermometer.nFive minutes before you are ready to remove the meat, sprinkle the kosher salt into the oil. Continue to cook pork for 5 more minutes and then remove the pork from the oil to a platter. Cover and let rest for 15 minutes.nShred the meat and serve with Pico de Gallo, warm tortillas, salsa, limes, and radish slices.nCombine all ingredients and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let sit for 15 to 20 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [3pound pork butt, cut into 4 pieces, 3 pounds refined lard, or suet, 1 red onion, roughly chopped, 1 garlic clove, roughly chopped, 1 14 tablespoons kosher salt, Pico de Gallo, recipe follows, Corn tortillas, for serving, Salsa, for serving, Lime wedges, for serving, Radish slices, for serving, 4 Roma tomatoes, 1 red onion, diced, 1 jalapeno, diced, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 12 lime, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Nor Cal Carnitas, picturelink: wCClcogi5afXawvRLCP0OmF08qbmQS}, 6114: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBegin by making the marinade. In a small bowl, whisk together the honey, oil, vinegar, cumin and red pepper flakes. Easy, rightnSprinkle both sides of the pork chops with salt and pepper and place in a resealable plastic bag with the marinade. Let rest on the counter for 1 hour. Thats easy.nHeat a grill or grill pan over medium heat. Remove the pork chops from the bag and lightly sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place on the grill and cook until the pork chop releases from the grill, about 4 minutes. Flip and cook on the other side for another 3 minutes. If using a grill pan, be sure to do in batches so you dont steam the chops. And dont worry if you have neither you can do this in a pan. See, easy, ingredients: [14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Eight 12inch bonein pork chops about 3 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Easy Grilled Pork Chops, picturelink: 2VyPvcgNGxMUdwKJq5EUIzhmXnInRt2}, 6115: {instructions: For the dough: Break up the yeast in 2 cups lukewarm water and let dissolve completely. Pour the flour and salt onto a smooth work surface and create a well in the middle. Pour the water and yeast mixture into the well, a little at a time, and then mix by drawing some of the flour from the inner edge of the well into the water until all the flour has been drawn in. Once the yeast mixture has been incorporated, work in the wine and oil until you can create a ball of dough. Knead by rolling the dough back and forth, stretching it out with one hand and rolling it back with the other until smooth and almost spongy, about 5 minutes. Cover with a damp dishtowel and leave at room temperature 1 hour the dough will double in size. Now youre ready to roll it out and make the panzerotti.nFor the filling: Meanwhile, thoroughly combine the ricotta, pecorino and mozzarella in a mixing bowl.nFor assembling: Roll the dough out flat or run through a pasta machine to create 2 long, 3inchwide sheets. Lay 1 sheet of dough on a floured work surface and place small dollops of cheese filling 3 inches apart. Lay the second sheet of dough on top and pinch the dough in between the cheeses. Cut out the individual pockets using a knife. Fry in olive oil, and then let cool before serving., ingredients: [14 ounce yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 4 cups950 ml allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon5g salt, 34 cups170 ml white wine, 2 tablespoons28 ml extravirgin olive oil, plus more for frying, 1 pound450 g ricotta cheese, 1 cup grated pecorino cheese, 1 large ball mozzarella cheese, diced], title: Panzerotti di Ricotta e Mozzarella, picturelink: null}, 6116: {instructions: In a large pot or Dutch oven, over very low heat, cook chicken and pork over very low heat in seasoned water salt, Worcestershire sauce, wine vinegar, rice vinegar and 1 quart water, covered, overnight. Next day pick meat from bone and pulse in food processor to small pieces. Then add back to the stock. To food processor pulse into small pieces tomatoes, red pepper, onions, corn, lima beans, okra and black eyed peas, and add them along with garlic cloves and bouillon cubes to stock. Then add hot pepper sauce, mustard, ketchup, steak sauce, lemon juice. Cook slowly on top of the stove, covered, stirring every 30 minutes or so for 8 hours. Stir in the extra hot pepper sauce. Then refrigerate for 24 hours and reheat before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon prepared mustard, 32 ounces ketchup, 10 ounces steak sauce, 3 large lemons, juiced, 1 dash extra hot pepper sauce, One 4 pound Chicken, 3 pounds pork loin, 1 tablespoon salt, 5 ounces Worcestershire sauce, 4 ounces wine vinegar, 4 ounces rice vinegar, 2 large cans whole tomatos, 1 small red pepper, seeded, 4 large Vidalia onion, 16 ears white corn, shucked, boiled, kernels removed, 2 10ounce packages frozen lima beans, 2 10ounce packages frozen okra, 1 10ounce package frozen black eyed peas, 6 medium garlic cloves minced, 8 chicken broth bouillon cubes, 1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce], title: Brunswick Stew, picturelink: null}, 6117: {instructions: Boil the beets, skin on, until fork penetrates easily. Cool beets under cold water, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours. Slip peel off beets using gloves or kitchen towel. Using a mandoline with julienne attachment or slicing by hand, cut beets to desired shape and size. Add the lemon zest, thyme, and salt to taste., ingredients: [3 pounds loose beets, Zest of 1 lemon, 1 bunch fresh lemon thyme or regular thyme, leaves picked and roughly chopped, Salt], title: Beets with Lemon and Thyme, picturelink: null}, 6118: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace frozen meatballs in the insert of a slow cooker. In a bowl, stir to combine the remaining ingredients. Pour over meatballs and stir to coat. Cook on high setting for 2 to 3 hours., ingredients: [2 pounds fully cooked frozen meatballs recommended: Armanino, 1 bottle 16ounce catalina salad dressing, 1 cup orange marmalade, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes], title: Marmalade Meat Balls, picturelink: iLWCZofoQ7UODo3EpcOK1T.uGBLp49S}, 6119: {instructions: Soak 12 long wooden skewers in water, at least 30 minutes. Meanwhile, toast the cumin seeds in a small skillet over medium heat, swirling the pan, until slightly golden, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate.nCombine the 3 chopped scallions, the jalapeno, ginger, garlic, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, the brown sugar, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, the fivespice powder, 34 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a food processor and pulse until a paste forms. Add the toasted cumin seeds pulse once or twice to crack them slightly.nLightly season the pork with salt and pepper rub with about threequarters of the cumin paste. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the sauce: Combine 1 teaspoon of the remaining cumin paste, the remaining 14 cup soy sauce, the vinegar, sesame oil and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl. Stir in the sliced scallion and set aside.nPreheat a grill to medium. Combine the remaining cumin paste and 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a small bowl set aside for basting. Generously brush the grill grates with vegetable oil. Thread 3 or 4 pieces of pork on each skewer and brush with vegetable oil. Grill the kebabs, turning, until marked all over, 6 to 9 minutes, basting with the cuminoil mixture during the last minute. Let rest 5 minutes before serving. Drizzle with the sauce.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons cumin seeds, 4 scallions 3 roughly chopped, 1 thinly sliced, 1 jalapeno pepper, roughly chopped remove seeds for less heat, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for brushing, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 14 cup plus 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pork tenderloins about 1 12 pounds total, trimmed and cut into 1 12to2inch pieces, 14 cup rice vinegar not seasoned, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil], title: CuminChile Pork Kebabs, picturelink: sD7rJ3S21zet2i9V8PpbPAa1.Ih6xPS}, 6120: {instructions: In a pitcher, add all the ingredients and stir to combine. Garnish with orange slices and serve in a rocks glass over more ice., ingredients: [2 cups ice cubes, 14 cup dark rum recommended: Meyers, 14 cup lemon rum recommended: Bacardi Limon, 14 cup coconut rum recommended: Bacardi Coco, 12 cup pineapple juice, 12 cup orange juice, 12 cup sweet and sour mix, Splash grenadine, Orange slices, for garnish, optional], title: My Tie Oh My, picturelink: 5oWKP28sBcdcnH5L3teedVsVFez7Lke}, 6121: {instructions: Make tortillas, if youre using Homemade Tortillas.nMarinate the steak: Spread the jalapenos in a baking dish and press the steak on top. Cover and set aside at room temperature, about 1 hour.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to high. Brush the jalapenos off the steak, pat dry and season with salt and pepper. Grill the steak for 4 to 6 minutes per side for mediumrare. Let rest 10 minutes, then slice.nAssemble the tacos: For each taco, stack 2 tortillas and lay a few pieces of steak in the middle. Top with onion, salsa and cilantro. Top with lime wedges.nToast the chiles in a dry skillet or saucepan over mediumlow heat, shaking the pan, about 2 minutes. Pour 12 cup boiling water on top, cover and let soak 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat a grill or grill pan to high. Grill the tomatoes, turning, until charred. Transfer to a food processor. Add the chiles and their soaking water, onion, garlic, oregano, lime juice, sugar and 1 14 teaspoons salt pulse until chunky. Set aside, about 1 hour. Garnish with cilantro.nPut the masa harina in a bowl and gradually stir in 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons warm water with a fork.nAdd 3 or 4 more tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon at a time, and mix with your hands until the dough comes together.nKnead until soft and pliable, then gather into a ball, cover with plastic wrap and set aside, 30 minutes.nRoll the dough into PingPongsize balls, moistening your hands with water to keep the dough from sticking. Place the balls on a baking sheet lined with plastic wrap keep covered with more plastic as you roll the rest of the dough.nFirst, set a large griddle over two burners heat one side to mediumlow and the other to mediumhigh or use two castiron skillets.nCut a circle slightly larger than your tortilla press from a large resealable plastic bag include the seam of the bag in your circle so that the two circles remain attached on one side.nPlace a dough ball between the plastic rounds and flatten in a tortilla press into a 5inch circle, about 18inch thick. If you dont have a tortilla press, use a coffee can to flatten the dough.nPeel off the top piece of plastic flip the tortilla onto your hand and peel off the bottom piece of plastic.nEase the tortilla onto the cooler side of the griddle and cook until it is slightly dry around the edges and starts to peel away from the griddle, about 45 seconds. Transfer to the hotter side of the griddle, uncookedside down. Cook until speckled on the bottom, about 1 minute, then flip and cook until puffed in spots, about 1 more minute. Press and cook the remaining tortillas stack them in a clothlined basket and cover with the cloth, or wrap in foil and keep warm in a 250 degrees F oven., ingredients: [One 12ounce jar sliced pickled jalapenos, drained, One 1 34pound flank steak,trimmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup chopped white onion, 12 cup fresh cilantro, Lime wedges, for serving, 2 to 4 tablespoons Salsa homemade, recipe follows, or storebought, Corn tortillas homemade, recipe follows, or storebought, 4 dried arbol chiles, stemmed, 1 pound plum tomatoes, halved, 12 white onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano preferably Mexican, Juice of 12 lime, Pinch of sugar, Kosher salt, Fresh cilantro, for garnish, 1 34 cups masa harina corn flour], title: Carne Asada Tacos, picturelink: dUw8O2wBIuf6Vai7T8aoBmrXirJCUy}, 6122: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the scallops and poach gently until they are cooked just to rare, about 2 minutes. Drain well and chill for about 30 minutes, or up to overnight.nStir together the onions, clamtomato juice, ketchup, lime juice, cilantro, serrano and hot sauce in a large bowl until well incorporated. Season with salt and pepper.nQuarter the chilled scallops. Add the quartered scallops and shrimp into the onionsauce mixture and gently stir to combine.nDivide among 4 6ounce glasses. Serve with saltines or tortilla chips., ingredients: [12 pound jumbo sea scallops, 6 to 8, 13 cup finely chopped red onion, 14 cup clamtomato juice recommended: Clamato, 14 cup ketchup, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon seeded and finely chopped serrano chile, from about 12 serrano chile, 1 teaspoon bottled hot sauce, 12 pound cooked small shrimp, shelled, deveined and tails removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Saltines or tortilla chips, for serving], title: Summer Scallop and Shrimp Coctel, picturelink: PiasxNElJv2JXYAmEWXCXQbSos65ccO}, 6123: {instructions: Sprinkle the ground beef evenly with 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Gently form the meat into 4 balls, then lightly press into 4inchwide, 1inchthick patties. Make a 2inchwide indentation in the center of each with your thumb to prevent the burgers from bulging when grilled.nPreheat a grill to high. Season the patties with salt and pepper. Grill, undisturbed, until marked on the bottom, 3 to 5 minutes. Turn and grill until the other side is marked and the patties feel firm, 3 to 5 more minutes if desired, top each burger with 2 slices cheese during the last 2 minutes of cooking and cover with a disposable aluminum pan to melt.nServe the patties on the buns top with lettuce and tomato.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 12 pounds 80 lean ground beef chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 thin slices cheddar cheese optional, 4 soft sesame buns, split, Bibb lettuce and sliced tomato, for topping], title: Perfect Beef Burgers, picturelink: LBSPviGxQEROhT9Quel7tScM4yEW2}, 6124: {instructions: Heat the oven to 425 degrees F.nBring water to a boil in large pot for pasta. When the water boils wait until meatballs go into oven. When meatballs have been in oven 4 to 5 minutes, season water with salt, add spaghetti and cook to al dente. Drain pasta and keep warm.nSoak stuffing with about 1 cup stock in small bowl until softened, a couple of minutes.nPlace turkey in mixing bowl and season with salt and pepper. Add apple, lemon juice, celery, onion, poultry seasoning, egg and stuffing and mix until just combined. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Form meat mixture into 16 2inch balls, drizzle with some olive oil and roast until cooked through, firm and golden, about 12 minutes.nWhile meatballs roast, heat a couple of tablespoons olive oil in large skillet, add mushrooms and thyme and cook over mediumhigh heat until tender and season with salt and pepper. Make a well in the center of the pan, add the butter, and when melted, whisk in the flour. Cook for 1 minute then whisk in about 2 cups stock and Worcestershire sauce. Reduce heat to low and cook for a few minutes to thicken the sauce, then stir in cream.nToss pasta in a large serving bowl with the meatballs, sauce and cheese. Garnish with parsley and serve., ingredients: [1 pound wholewheat, wholegrain or semolina spaghetti, Salt, 1 cup dry stuffing recommended: Pepperidge Farm, 3 cups turkey or chicken stock, 1 pound ground turkey, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium Golden Delicious apple, peeled, cored and finely chopped, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 2 celery ribs from the heart, finely chopped, 1 small onion or 12 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning, 1 egg, Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling, 12 pound crimini mushrooms, thinly sliced, A few sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped and chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup cream or halfandhalf, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, a couple of handfuls, A couple handfuls flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Thanksgiving Tonight, picturelink: YA8ZSrWLmRfo668KDw7zJJnMtUgmt6}, 6125: {instructions: In a hot wok add oil, garlic and pork. Stirfry for 2 minutes then add bamboo and stir fry for a further 2 minutes.nRemove the pork and bamboo and set aside.nWipe the wok clean, add more oil, then wok toss the noodles for 2 minutes until slightly charred.nReturn the pork and bamboo to the wok, then add carrot, spring onion, sugar, pepper, light soy, oyster sauce, kecap manis, and vinegar and stirfry for a further minute.nGarnish with bean sprouts and coriander., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 clove garlic, diced, 7 ounces200 g lean pork, finely sliced, 10 12 ounces300 g fresh thick purple rice noodle refrigerated, 3 12 ounces100 g cooked bamboo shoots, 1 carrot, peeled and julienned, 1 spring onion, sliced into 1 12inch4 cm pieces, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon light soy sauce, 12 tablespoon oyster sauce, 12 tablespoon kecap manis sweet soy, 12 tablespoon white vinegar, Small handful bean sprouts, for serving, Fresh coriander cilantro, for serving], title: Purple Noodle Wok Tossed With Bamboo and Pork: Hu Tieu Xao Mang Thit Lon, picturelink: null}, 6126: {instructions: Melt the butter. Add the onions and carrots, and cook them, covered, for 10 minutes or until tender. Add the stock and rice, 34 teaspoon of salt and freshly ground pepper to taste. Bring the liquid to a boil, and simmer for 25 minutes longer or until rice is tender as well. Remove from heat, puree in a food mill, blender or processor. Return the soup to a saucepan and thin with water of too thick. Bring back to a boil and adjust the seasoning. Stir in cream and remove from heat or, remove the soup from heat and whisk in yogurt. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 4 carrots, finely chopped, 1 quart chicken broth, 13 cup long grain white rice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup heavy cream or nonfat yogurt, optional, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley], title: Carrot Soup, picturelink: null}, 6127: {instructions: Take the favorite Italian combination of fresh strawberries and balsamic to the next level by drizzling some aged balsamic over strawberry gelato. If you donu00bft have any on hand, you can make your own balsamic syrup: Bring 2 cups balsamic vinegar, 12 cup sugar and 14 teaspoon kosher salt to a boil, stirring occasionally, until the vinegar is reduced to 1 cup and coats the back of a spoon, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool.nPhotograph by Jeffrey Westbrook, ingredients: [], title: Strawberry Gelato with Balsamic Drizzle, picturelink: 1xZMqhx.E4SpdmNHD5Lw9KgX6exg7Be}, 6128: {instructions: Put the lentils in a bowl. Then add in half the gherkins, capers, chives, parsley and spring onions. Dress with the olive oil, mustard and salt and pepper to taste. Set aside.nPut the mayonnaise in a bowl. Then add in the remaining half gherkins, capers, chives, parsley and spring onions. Set aside.nLay some plastic wrap on a cutting board, which will help to form the roll. Start to layer the sheets of smoked salmon on top, overlapping the slices, so that none of the filling escapes when you roll it up.nUsing an offset spatula commonly used for frosting cakes, spread a thin layer of the tartar sauce right on the salmon, all the way to the outer edges of the salmon. Next, spoon on a layer of the prepared lentils over the tartar sauce layer.nUsing the plastic wrap to help, lift the salmon away from you and form it into a log form. The plastic wrap helps to lift the delicate salmon. The plastic wrap should not get rolled into the salmon. Once the roll is formed, use a very sharp knife to very gently slice the delicate roll into pieces, like a Japanese maki or sushi roll. Serve immediately on individual spoons or on top warm toasted baguette slices drizzled with a little olive oil., ingredients: [12 cup small French lentils, cooked until just tender and drained, 2 tablespoons finely chopped gherkins, 1 tablespoon capers, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh chives, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 spring onions, white part only, very finely chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup mayonnaise, 9 ounces smoked salmon, long slices the slices should not be so thin that they fall apart, Toasted baguette slices, for serving], title: Rollo De Salmon Ahumado Con Salsa Tartar Y Lentejas Smoked Salmon Roll with Tartar Sauce and Lentils, picturelink: DQhlGJJBFiBfyXW2VdFeXNKzH4UCW}, 6129: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, blend cake mix, brown sugar. Add to dry mixture, the shortening, egg, vanilla and almond extract. Fold in cherries, raisins, apricots or pineapples, walnuts, almonds, and pecans or your favorite nut. Blend mixture well. Drop cookie dough dough should be sticky, doughy, not too wet, if too wet add a couple of spoonfuls of leftover cake mix to give it the right consistency by spoonfuls, about 2 inches apart on an ungreased cookie sheet. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown.nTip: About 1 minute before cooking time is reached, pull cookies out of oven, they will continue to cook for about 1 minute on hot cookie sheet and begin to cool, creating their own cake like color. Cookies can be refrigerated and served at a later time, or put in the freezer. To freeze, wrap cookies tightly in freezer wrap, heavyduty aluminum foil or plastic freezersafe bags. Freeze up to 2 months. Bring to room temperature for approximately 45 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 14 cups yellow cake mix, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup butter flavored shortening, at room temperature, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 14 cup dried cherries, 14 cup white raisins, 14 cup chopped dried apricots or pineapple, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 14 cup chopped almonds, 14 cup chopped pecans], title: Taste Like Fruitcake Cookies, picturelink: null}, 6130: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the beef stock in a large saucepan over medium heat and bring to a boil. Cook until the liquid is reduced by half, leaving 4 cups.nPut the potatoes on a rimmed baking sheet and roast until just tender, about 45 minutes. When cool enough to handle, cut potatoes in half lengthwise and using a spoon, remove the potato flesh and reserve, leaving 12inch thick rim around the edges. Drizzle 1 tablespoon of olive oil on the baking sheet and put potato shells on it, cut side down bake until the cut side is golden brown and skin is crispy, about 20 minutes.nPat the meat pieces dry with paper towels and season with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large Dutch oven and sear the beef on all sides to a deep golden brown, about 10 minutes. Remove the meat to a plate and carefully add a tablespoon of water to the hot pot, scraping up the brown bits from bottom of the pan. Add a tablespoon of olive oil and the pearl onions and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook about 7 minutes, stirring often, until the onions begin to caramelize, adding water, as needed, to deglaze the brown bits from the bottom of the pan. When the onions are a deep golden brown, add the reduced beef stock and the beef and their juices and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to maintain a simmer and cook until the meat is tender, skimming fat off the top, if necessary, about 35 to 40 minutes.nPass the reserved potato flesh through a ricer or mash with a masher until smooth, adding hot water to loosen them. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and mix well.nLadle the stew into the crisp potato bowls, top with a spoon of mashed potatoes and enjoy., ingredients: [8 cups lowsodium beef stock, 3 large russet potatoes, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds beef chuck, trimmed and cut into 1inch cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Water, as needed, 1 12 cups frozen pearl onions], title: Beef and Onion Stuffed Potatoes, picturelink: VBpz8ty3eHRxZzVuJc1KfIFIOm592}, 6131: {instructions: For sauce mixture: Place the tomatoes, onion, chilies, water and chicken consume in a blender and blend well. Pour mixture into a pot and boil. When sauce begins to boil, place a lid on the pot and simmer for at least 20 minutes. Add the corn, zucchini, squash flowers and cooked chicken or pork to the simmering mixture. Cook for another 10 minutes or until the vegetables are just cooked. Adjust for salt and mix in the epazote and cilantro. After mixed well, set aside to cool.nFor base of pudding, fry each tortilla very quickly in hot oil  only a few seconds on each side. Drain on paper towels. Set aside.nIn a blender blend all ingredients for the cream mixture together until smooth. Set aside.nAssemble in a 9 12 by 13inch pan. Layer tortillas to cover the bottom and sides of pan, then layer cheeses, sauce, cream mixture, and continue layering in that order, ending with the cheese. Bake at 350 degrees, for about 20 minutes or until bubbly. Salt to taste with chicken consume.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [2 pounds Roma tomatoes, peeled and without seeds, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 chile anchos soaked in water until soft, seeds removed and water discarded, 2 to 4 fresh chile poblanos depending on how much heat you want, toasted and skins and seeds removed, 1 12 cups water, 1 12 tablespoons powdered chicken consomme, 1 12 cups fresh, raw, corn kernels, 1 12 cups fresh, raw, chopped zucchini, 20 squash flowers, chopped in 4 pieces optional, 4 cups cooked, shredded chicken or pork, 2 tablespoons fresh epazote optional, 12 cups fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 24 corn tortillas, 12 cup vegetable oil, for frying, 2 cups heavy cream, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, 14 cup milk, 1 teaspoon powdered chicken consume, Cheeses:, 2 packages Panela cheese or any fresh, solid cheese chopped fine, 3 cups Monterey Jack cheese, grated], title: Aztec Pudding, picturelink: null}, 6132: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the crabmeat, onion, celery, mayonnaise, parsley, crab boil seasoning, pepper, and salt. Toss gently to keep the crabmeat in lumps. Use the mayonnaise to moisten the crab mixture, adding more according to your preference.nIn an 8inch nonstick pan, melt 1 tablespoon butter over medium heat until foaming. Add 14 of the crab mix to the pan and cook gently until the celery and onions are crisp but tender, approximately 10 minutes. While the crab mix is heating, in a separate large bowl, whip the eggs with a wire whisk until smooth. When the crab mix is hot, add 14 of the whipped eggs, about 1 cup.nCook the omelet until the edges begin to curl. Gently pull the edges toward the center, allowing the eggs to cook through. Once the eggs have become firm, flip the omelet and cook until the other side is done, about 5 minutes. Flip the omelet out of the pan onto a dish and serve immediately., ingredients: [Pinch salt, 16 large eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups lump crabmeat, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 12 cups chopped celery, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Fruita De Mar Omelet, picturelink: null}, 6133: {instructions: Combine spices and set aside. Heat grill pan or grill to mediumhigh heat. Place spice on a pie pan or large flat plate and dip both sides of each steak into mixture and shake off excess. Place steak on grill or grill pan and lower heat if using a grill pan or the spices will burn. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes each side. Remove from grill and let rest a couple of minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 whole chipotle pepper in adobo, seeded or 1 teaspoon ground dried chipotles, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, freshly ground, 12 teaspoon allspice, ground, 2 teaspoons red chile powder, 2 teaspoons cumin seed, toasted and ground, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, toasted and ground, 14 cup paprika, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, 4 8ounce bison tenderloin fillets], title: SpiceRubbed American Bison Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 6134: {instructions: Mix pork with sesame oil and soy sauce. Saute first if you wish. Add salt, pepper, egg and scallion. In a vegetable steamer, steam bean sprouts, cabbage, carrot and garlic for 5 minutes or until tender. Cool, squeeze out moisture and chop into a mince. Add to pork mixture. Filling is ready., ingredients: [1 package Wonton Wrappers, 14 ounces ground pork, 2 tab sesame oil, 2 tab soy sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 scallion, finely sliced, 2 cups bean sprouts, 4 ounces bok choy, julienned, 12 cup carrots, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic], title: Meat Filled Wonton Skins, picturelink: null}, 6135: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F and generously oil 2 large baking sheets.nArrange potatoes in 1 layer on sheets. Brush tops with oil and sprinkle with rosemary and salt and pepper, to taste.nRoast potatoes in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, until golden and edges are crisp, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 pound red potatoes, cut into 14inchthick slices, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary], title: Crisp Rosemary Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 6136: {instructions: To make the pie crust: Into a bowl, sift the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Add the shortening and blend until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. In a bowl, whisk together the egg and 2 tablespoons of the ice water. Add the egg mixture to the flour mixture and toss to combine, adding more water, if necessary, to form a dough. Chill the dough, wrapped in plastic, until firm.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough into a circle 18inch thick and fit it into a 9inch pie pan. Crimp the edge, prick the bottom, and chill while making the filling.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a large bowl with an electric mixer, beat the ricotta with the sugar until smooth. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the vanilla and cinnamon. Stir in the candied fruit and chocolate chips. Pour the filling into the pie shell.nBake the pie for 45 minutes, or until just set. Let cool and chill., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup cold vegetable shortening, cut into bits, 1 large egg, beaten lightly, 2 to 3 tablespoons ice water, 1 12 pounds ricotta, drained well, 34 cup sugar, 5 large eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 cup diced candied fruit, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Ricotta Pie, picturelink: null}, 6137: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the potatoes and parsnips in a medium pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil over medium heat, salt the water, and cook until tender, 15 to 18 minutes. Drain and put them back into the hot pot. Mash with the milk and salt, pepper, and nutmeg to taste. Add the cheese and stir until melted.nWhile the potatoes and parsnips come to a boil, rub the chops with lots of salt, pepper, and sage. Heat the extravirgin olive oil over medium heat in a large ovensafe skillet. Add the garlic and saute for 3 minutes, then remove the garlic with a slotted spoon and raise the heat to mediumhigh.nAdd the chops and brown on both sides, about 5 to 6 minutes. Add the vermouth or wine to the pan and transfer to the oven. Cook the meat through for 7 to 8 minutes more. While the meat cooks, bring a couple of inches of water to a boil over medium heat and salt the water. Add the broccolini and cook for 5 to 6 minutes, then drain. Arrange the chops on 4 plates. Add the butter to the pan and whisk it into the pan juices, then spoon the sauce over the chops. Serve with the mashed potatoes and parsnips and the broccolini alongside., ingredients: [3 large potatoes, peeled and cubed, 2 large parsnips or parsley roots, peeled and chopped, Salt, 12 to 23 cup whole milk, Freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup shredded Italian fontina or 34 cup crumbled Gorgonzola, 4 large bonein pork or veal chops, about 1 12 to 2 inches thick, 1 small bundle fresh sage, leaves chopped, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large garlic cloves, crushed, 12 cup dry vermouth or 34 cup dry white wine, 1 pound trimmed broccolini spears, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Lick Your Chops Supper, picturelink: 5c4ZwM7JcqukKxa1J.gRT6MQ6PyIu}, 6138: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line an 8inch by 12inch20 cm by 30 cm sided baking sheet with parchment which youve buttered on both sides. Put the eggs and sugar in a glass or metal bowl, set it over a pot with an inch2.5 cm of simmering water in the bottom do not let the bowl touch the water and beat until tripled in volume and very thick and ribbony, like cake batter. This will take about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat.nSift the flour and nuts over the batter and gently fold together. Pour the batter into the pan so that it is evenly distributed. Bake until slightly golden on top, 10 to 12 minutes. Meanwhile, get set up for unmolding the cake: lay a damp tea towel on a cutting board or on the back of another baking sheet. When the cake comes out, flip it onto the towel, carefully peel off the paper, trim the edges it you want, and roll immediately. Set aside to cool to room temperature, about 5 minutes.nWhip the cream into stiff peaks with a hint of vanilla and a pinch of cinnamon. Unroll the cake from the towel and set the towel aside. Sieve over a dusting of cocoa powder and spread the cream over the cake leaving a 1inch border, and roll the cake up again. Set on a platter seamside down. Sift over a little icing sugar and cocoa powder. Decorate with a buttonrow of hazelnuts. Cover and refrigerate until eating, which youll want to do the same day, preferably within a few hours. Alternatively, save the filling and rolling the cake until an hour or 2 before serving., ingredients: [3 eggs, 13 cup65 g caster sugar superfine, 2 tablespoons flour, 12 cup50 g powdered hazelnuts, 23 cup150 ml heavy cream, Drop vanilla extract, Pinch ground cinnamon, Cocoa power, for dusting, Icing sugar confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Hazelnut Roll, picturelink: null}, 6139: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a glass bowl, whisk together egg yolk and dry ingredients. Combine lemon juice and vinegar in a separate bowl then thoroughly whisk half into the yolk mixture. Start whisking briskly, then start adding the oil a few drops at a time until the liquid seems to thicken and lighten a bit, which means youve got an emulsion on your hands. Once you reach that point you can relax your arm a little but just a little and increase the oil flow to a constant albeit thin stream. Once half of the oil is in add the rest of the lemon juice mixture.nContinue whisking until all of the oil is incorporated. Leave at room temperature for 1 to 2 hours then refrigerate for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 egg yolk, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 pinches sugar, 2 teaspoons fresh squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 cup oil, safflower or corn], title: Mayonnaise, picturelink: 0RvsQxiZMbI9NEISC9x8ZmQksxjbf6}, 6140: {instructions: Put the semisweet chocolate in a mediumsize mixing bowl and set aside.nIn a small saucepan, heat the cream over medium heat until hot but not quite simmering. Pour the cream over the chocolate and let stand for 3 or 4 minutes. Stir until smooth.nUsing a handheld electric mixer, beat in the butter and amaretto until the mixture is light and creamy. Refrigerate until firm, about 45 minutes.nUse a teaspoon or melon baller to scoop up heaping teaspoons of the chocolate mixture, then use your hands to roll them into smooth balls, about 34inch in diameter.nMelt the milk chocolate. Line a baking sheet with waxed paper. Coat some truffles in the melted chocolate, some in cocoa powder and some in almonds, setting them on the baking sheet as theyre ready. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [8 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon amaretto, 12 cup coarsely chopped milk chocolate, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa, 14 cup finely ground almonds], title: Christinas Chocolate Truffles, picturelink: null}, 6141: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSift the flour, baking powder and salt together in a bowl and set aside. Cream the butter and sugar together in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the eggs and vanilla and mix on low speed until well combined. Scrape the bowl with a rubber spatula.nGradually add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture, occasionally scraping the bowl. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and chill the dough in the refrigerator until firm.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nRoll the dough out on a floured surface 18thinchthick and cut into shapes with animal cookie cutters. Place the cookies on a sheet pan covered with parchment paper, and bake for 8 to 12 minutes, depending on the size. Cookies should be golden brown on the edges. After cookies have cooled and are firm, they are ready to decorate, if desired.nFor the decoration, fill a pastry bag fitted with a small plain tip with Royal Icing. Place each cookie on a piece of parchment paper and outline it with a thin line of Royal Icing around the entire edge of the cookie. Allow the icing to set.nPlace 14 cup of Royal Icing in a small bowl and mix it well with 14 teaspoon of the egg whites or water. Continue mixing and adding egg whites or water until the icing is the consistency of maple syrup.nUsing a number 12 artists brush push a few dollops of the thinned icing around the top of each cookie until it is completely covered to the edge. Allow the cookies to sit overnight to harden. Reserve the remaining Royal Icing.nPlace Royal Icing in a small bowl and mix in several drops of black food coloring. Continue mixing and adding food coloring until you have the desired color. Spoon the black icing into a pastry bag fitted with a small plain tip and outline each cookie with a thin line of icing and decorate, as desired. For each additional colored icing, repeat the process. Allow the icing to set.nPlace the confectioners sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, add the eggs whites and lemon juice and beat at medium speed until the sugar and eggs are completely mixed and the icing is thick and white., ingredients: [24 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 pound butter, at room temperature, 2 14 cups sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Royal Icing see recipe, 1 teaspoon egg whites, Liquid black food coloring, for decoration, Assorted liquid food coloring, for decoration, 1 pound confectioners sugar, 3 large egg whites, 12 teaspoon lemon juice], title: Animal Cookies, picturelink: ejFZupSzjgesdpp3ko0PCwf7wImyU4u}, 6142: {instructions: Cut the pineapple into bite size wedges or slices.nPut the salt, cayenne pepper, mint, cilantro, and limes into small bowls. Squeeze a bit of lime juice onto the fruit. Then lightly dip the pineapple into a little salt and as much cayenne as you like and finish with the mint and cilantro., ingredients: [12 a ripe pineapple, peeled and cored, Kosher salt, Cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Lime wedges], title: Thaistyle Pineapple Snack, picturelink: null}, 6143: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd olive oil to a large skillet over medium heat. Once hot, add the onions to the pan and lay them flat on their sides. Cook on each side for 3 to 4 minutes, or until browned, being careful as you flip them. Add chicken stock, balsamic vinegar, garlic, rosemary, and thyme to the pan. Add dots of butter around the pan. Turn the onions in the liquid so they are nice and coated.nPlace the skillet in the oven and roast for 25 minutes, stirring on occasion so the onions dont stick to the pan. Roast until the onions are nice and soft and the balsamic is caramelized., ingredients: [2 large Vidalia onions, cut into wedges through the root so they stay attached, Olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 14 cup chicken stock, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon chopped thyme, 1 teaspoon chopped rosemary, 2 tablespoons butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Balsamic Roasted Onions, picturelink: NYgPqtMsCZZ3Q0ZznaMzBTwjXZhXAYW}, 6144: {instructions: Peel the pineapple, cut it in quarters and remove the heart of the fruit. Slice into 14inch sections. Caramelize the honey and add the pineapple slices. Cook until golden and caramelized. Deglaze with the sherry vinegar. Add the veal stock and add the butter. Add the cracked black pepper and keep the sauce warm. Heat a heavy fry pan, season the foie gras and saute quickly on both sides to get a nice golden color. Remove the foie gras from the pan and drain it on a paper towel.nIn the center of a plate, arrange the pineapple and the foie gras, and spoon the sauce over the top of the foie gras., ingredients: [1 pineapple, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 1 cup veal stock, 1 ounce butter, 1 tablespoon cracked black peppercorns, 8 slices foie gras, approximately 3 to 4 ounces each], title: Sauteed Foie Gras with Pineapple, picturelink: null}, 6145: {instructions: For the grilled peaches: Prepare the grill to high heat. Lightly brush the cut sides of the peaches with the oil. Grill the peaches, cutside down, until grill marks appear, about 3 minutes on each side.nBoil the wine and granulated sugar in a small saucepan. Transfer the peaches to a small dish and spoon the wine mixture over the peaches. Set aside, about 15 minutes.nFor the grilled pound cake: Preheat the grill to high heat. Lightly brush each slice of the cake with the butter on both sides. Place the cake on the grill and cook, about 2 minutes each side. Rotate each cake slice a quarter turn after 1 minute to create a crosshatch of grill marks.nFor the cream cheese glaze: Combine the cream cheese, powdered sugar, zest and orange juice in a medium bowl. Beat until smooth using a fork or electric mixer.nSpread the cream cheese glaze on the grilled pound cakes. Place the grilled peaches on top. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 peaches, ripe but firm, halved, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons sweet white wine, such as marsala wine, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 storebought pound cake, sliced into 2inch slices, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice], title: Grilled Pound Cake with Cream Cheese Glaze and Grilled Peaches, picturelink: JMuXCzxdf08UVY6WIy2TS2zNaJofCm}, 6146: {instructions: Heat the butter and oil in an 11 to 12inch skillet over low heat. While the pan is heating, sprinkle the chops on both sides with salt and pepper, then dredge them in flour.nA couple of minutes before sauteing, increase the heat to mediumhigh. When the butter stops foaming and starts to smell nutty brown, arrange the chops in the skillet. Cook, turning only once, until they are a rich golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from skillet.nServe with an uncooked relish. Recipe follows., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon oil, 1 boneless rib end pork loin roast, cut into 6 generous 1inch thick chops, each chop pressed lightly with fingertips to flatten, Salt and ground black pepper, 14 cup flour measured into a pie plate or other shallow pan, A pan sauce], title: Sauteed Boneless Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 6147: {instructions: Mix 34 cup ricotta with 2 tablespoons sugar. Spread 8 prepared 12inch crepes with the sweetened ricotta and fold into quarters. Top with sliced strawberries and drizzle with warm chocolate sauce.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Stuffed Crepes, picturelink: DtcqQqlgAwmtFkG1wSrJcQIaCOJ8Gr.}, 6148: {instructions: Halve avocado and remove pit. Scoop flesh into a bowl and mash together with lemon juice. Add onion, garlic, tomato and orange. Season with salt and cayenne pepper. Serve with chips., ingredients: [1 avocado, Juice of 1 lemon, 12 red onion,chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 small tomato, diced and seeded, 1 orange, peeled, sectioned and chopped, Salt, Cayenne pepper, Chips, for serving], title: Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 6149: {instructions: Rinse the quinoa in a strainer several times with cold water. In a medium pot over mediumhigh heat, add 1 14 cups water and bring to a boil. Add the quinoa, cover, and turn off the heat. Allow the quinoa to steam until the water has been absorbed completely and the quinoa grains pop open, 10 to 15 minutes. Fluff with a fork. Set aside to cool.nIn a large mixing bowl, add the vinegar, mustard, garlic, shallot, 2 teaspoons salt and 5 to 6 turns freshly ground black pepper. While pouring in a slow, steady stream, whisk in the olive oil until fully incorporated and lightly emulsified. Add the peppers, mango, mint and quinoa. Toss to combine well and serve., ingredients: [34 cup red quinoa, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 shallot, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 red bell pepper, finely diced, 12 yellow bell pepper, finely diced, 12 orange bell pepper, finely diced, 1 mango, cut into 14inch dice, 14 cup chopped fresh mint leaves], title: Red Quinoa and Mango Salad, picturelink: 9Jhrfu2qH23uxMmvzYEnAqZe2NxJhou}, 6150: {instructions: Combine the Simple Syrup, gin, vermouth and lemon juice in a shaker with ice. Shake and strain into 4 champagne flutes. Top each glass with some champagne and serve with a lemon twist.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [8 ounces Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 6 ounces gin, 2 ounces dry vermouth, 2 ounces lemon juice, 8 ounces champagne, 4 lemon twists, 1 cup sugar], title: The Clean Sweep, picturelink: LLS7xTkxj5SADD2BpMufr99llrPYsNG}, 6151: {instructions: In a saute pan, heat a 2 tablespoons of olive oil and add the onions. Cook until lightly browned but not fully caramelized. Set aside to cool.nIn a bowl, mix the dry ingredients: flour, baking powder, and salt. Add the Sauteed onions to the dry ingredients. Then add the water, olive oil, thyme, and olives. Mix until well blended and a dough has formed. Turn out on a floured board and knead the dough until soft and smooth, about 5 to 8 minutes. Cover with a towel and let sit for about 20 minutes.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nShape the dough into a large ball and place in a greased loaf pan. Bake for 1 hour and until the bread is golden brown. When the bread is 10 minutes out from being done, brush the surface lightly with milk to give it a gloss. Remove the bread from the oven and place on a rack to cool., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped fine, 4 cups flour, sifted, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cups warm water, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon thyme, chopped fine, 1 cup Kalamata olives, pitted and chopped, Milk, for a glaze], title: Eliopitta: Olive Bread, picturelink: null}, 6152: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn the bowl of a mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine 3 cups of the flour and the salt. Combine the yeast, sugar, and milk in a small bowl and let proof foam up for 5 minutes. Add the proofed yeast mixture to the flour. Add the eggs and butter and mix at low speed until the dough comes together and is soft, but not sticky. If the dough does seem sticky, add more flour, 1 tablespoon at a time, mixing after each addition, until a soft dough forms.nTurn out the dough onto a lightly floured work surface and knead for 1 minute, until smooth and elastic. Return the dough to the mixing bowl and cover with plastic wrap or transfer to a clean oiled bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm spot such as an oven that is not on until doubled in bulk, about 2 hours. The recipe can be made up to this point and refrigerated after the kneading up to 1 day in advance. The dough will rise slowly in the refrigerator. Bring to room temperature before proceeding.nTurn on the mixer for a few seconds to punch down the dough, or punch it down in the bowl with your fist. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead a few times. Roll the dough out 1inch thick, letting it rest a few times during the rolling if you handle the dough too much, the natural gluten will tighten up and make your donuts tough.nLightly flour 2 cookie sheets. Using a wellfloured cutter, cut out hearts of dough, transferring them to the cookie sheets as you work, spacing them 2 inches apart. Reroll the scraps and cut out more disks to use up the dough. Cover lightly with a kitchen towel and let rise in a warm spot until doubled in bulk, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, pour 3 inches of vegetable oil into a deep, heavy pot and heat it to 350 degrees F. Lay out a thick layer of paper towels or brown paper bags for draining the fried donuts. Spoon the raspberry jam into your pastry bag. Working in batches of 6 or 7, transfer the risen donuts to the hot oil and fry until golden and puffed, turning frequently, about 5 to 7 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the hot donuts to the paper to drain. When cool enough to handle, poke the tip of your pastry bag into the center of each donut hole entering from the side. Squeeze in a little jam. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve as soon as possible., ingredients: [3 to 3 12 cups bread flour, plus extra for dusting, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 610 ounce cake fresh yeast or 1 14 ounce envelope active dry yeast, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 cup lukewarm milk, 2 eggs, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup strawberry or raspberry jam, Confectioners sugar, A deepfrying thermometer, A 2inch heart shaped cutter, 2 cookie sheets, A pastry bag fitted with a 14inch plain tip], title: Heart Shaped Jelly Donuts, picturelink: RDIB6vEXvJ1sUrPXikY.lIuhFSJlZ6}, 6153: {instructions: In a 4quart saucepan, heat olive oil over a medium heat. Add onions and garlic and sweat for 3 minutes until vegetables are translucent and aromatic. Add rice and lightly toast in oil for 2 minutes stirring frequently. Add liquid 13rd at a time stirring until each additional 13rd is absorbed. Once all liquid is absorbed, remove from heat and stir in Parmesan, parsley, and butter.nDivide into 6 servings and top with shaved truffles., ingredients: [2 ounces olive oil, 1 cup minced onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 cups Arborio rice, 1 cup white wine, 3 cups chicken stock, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 ounces black truffles], title: Truffle Risotto, picturelink: null}, 6154: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the tortellini and cook as the label directs. Reserve u00bc cup cooking water, then drain. Reserve the pot.nMeanwhile, puree 4 cups kale, the olive oil and garlic in a blender or food processor until almost smooth. Add u00bc cup parmesan and season with salt and pepper. Pulse until smooth, adding up to 14 cup tap water if needed.nTransfer the pesto to the reserved pot along with the heavy cream stir to combine. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then reduce the heat to medium low stir in the tortellini, sundried tomatoes and the remaining 3 cups kale, adding the reserved cooking water as needed to loosen. Transfer to a 9by13inch baking dish and sprinkle with the mozzarella.nCombine the panko, pine nuts, parsley and the remaining 2 tablespoons parmesan in a small bowl season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle over the tortellini and bake until golden brown, about 12 minutes. Let cool slightly before serving.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 12 to 14ounce package spinach and cheese tortellini, 7 cups baby kale about 8 ounces, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, Freshly ground pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup sliced sundried tomatoes not oilpacked, 34 cup shredded partskim mozzarella cheese about 3 ounces, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Baked Tortellini with Kale Pesto, picturelink: Q1PXa37dZ2au7uigXnqX9f8KEGssbJC}, 6155: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine biscuit mix, black pepper, cream, salt, cheese and nutmeg. Pile mixture into 4 large mounds or 8 small mounds onto a nonstick cookie sheet. Brush scones with egg wash, sprinkle with a little sugar and bake for 10 to 12 minutes for large scones, 7 to 8 minutes for small scones., ingredients: [1 box biscuit mix recommended: Jiffy brand, 2 teaspoons coarse black pepper, 12 cup cream, A couple pinches salt, 1 cup shredded Asiago cheese, available in specialty cheese case, A generous grating fresh nutmeg, 1 egg beaten with a splash water, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Black Pepper and Asiago Scones, picturelink: null}, 6156: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat. Put the corn on the grill and cook for 5 to 6 minutes, turning as needed to evenly brown. Remove the corn from the grill and when cool enough to handle, then put corn, stem down in a large bowl and with a sharp knife, remove the kernels, set aside.nPut the corn cobs into a large stock pot, add the water, chicken stock, salt, pepper, garlic, peppers, cilantro stems, shallots and celery. Put the pot over high heat and bring it to a strong boil. Cook for 45 minutes, then strain the solids. Cool.nIn a medium saucepan, cover the diced potatoes with 3 cups of the cooled stock and bring to a boil over medium heat. Cook until fork tender, about 15 minutes. then remove from heat and set aside.nIn a large stock pot over mediumhigh heat, add the 4 tablespoons of butter, and once melted, add the diced onions, half of the corn kernels and the peppers. Saute until a golden fond starts to form on bottom of pan, about 6 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more, stirring frequently. Stir in 3 cups of the stock and simmer for 30 minutes. Cool the mixture for about 5 minutes, then carefully add it to a blender and puree.nWipe the stock pot clean, put it over mediumhigh heat and add the bacon. Cook until crisp, then drain on a paper towel lined plate. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter to the bacon fat, along with the remaining corn. Season with the salt and pepper and saute for 4 to 5 minutes. Add the stock and potatoes and combine well. Stir in the heavy cream, add the corn puree mixture. Heat through and adjust seasoning, if necessary.nServe garnished with the cilantro and a dollop of the Chipotle Cream and Spicy Saltines.nIn a small glass bowl, add the cream and beat with an electric mixer until stiff, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the chipotle, salt and pepper, to taste, zest and lime juice beat until incorporated. Add the cilantro and season with salt, if necessary. Refrigerate covered until ready to use.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Fit a baking sheet with a rack.nCombine all of the spices in a small bowl and mix well. In a separate small bowl, beat the butter with an electric mixer until fluffy. Add the spices and beat until incorporated.nSpread about 12 teaspoon of the mixture gently onto each cracker and set them on the rack in the baking sheet. Once all are done, bake for 5 minutes. Remove and cool. Store in an air tight container., ingredients: [8 ears corn, husks and silks removed, 2 quarts water, or more if needed, 4 cups chicken stock, lowsodium, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup roughly chopped garlic cloves, 1 Anaheim pepper, roughly chopped, 1 cup roughly chopped cilantro stems, 2 shallots, peeled and roughly chopped, 3 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 2 cups red potatoes, peeled and diced 12inch, 4 tablespoons butter, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 sweet onion, diced, 1 Anaheim pepper, small dice, 14 cup diced poblano peppers, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 34 cup diced bacon, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup freshly minced cilantro leaves, Chipotle Cream, recipe follows, Spicy Saltines, recipes follows, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons chipotle paste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lime, zested, plus 12 lime, juiced, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, minced, 1 stick butter, room temperature, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon fine grain sea salt, 18 teaspoon ancho chili powder, 18 teaspoon hot paprika, 18 teaspoon white pepper, 1 sleeve saltine crackers, unsalted about 30], title: Roasted Sweet Corn Chowder, picturelink: 6VHIA1j3jl.fWvVSck7WHJrdMzQlc.2}, 6157: {instructions: Pit all cherries, leaving a few whole for garnish.nIn a saucepan, mix the cherries, sugar, and water. Bring heat to medium high and stir, slowly reducing the liquid. Skim the surface of the syrup once in a while.nOnce the liquid has reached a syruplike consistency, about 25 minutes, remove from heat. Set aside to cool for 1 hour. Put in an airtight container and keep in the refrigerator.nFor serving: In a frosted mug, add a scoop of ice cream, pour 1 tablespoon of the cherry mixture and top with coke. Garnish with fresh whole cherries.nCooks Note: For a drink, remove the vanilla ice cream and add a splash of spiced rum., ingredients: [1 1liter bottle cola or similar cola drink Recommended: Coca Cola, 2 cups fresh cherries, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup water, Vanilla ice cream, to garnish], title: Cherry Cola Float, picturelink: null}, 6158: {instructions: Special equipment: a slow cookernIn a 4 to 6quart slow cooker, combine the ground beef, garlic, celery, peppers, onions, tomato sauce, ketchup, chili powder, dry mustard, onion powder, sugar, Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Mix together with a wooden spoon, making sure to break up the ground beef. Set the machine to high and cook for 4 hours.nSpoon the sloppy joe mixture onto the buns to make sliders., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef 80 percent lean, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 1 inner stalk celery with leaves, finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, finely chopped, 12 onion, finely chopped, One 14.5ounce can tomato sauce, such as Pomi, 12 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 slider buns or mini potato rolls, split], title: SlowCooker Sloppy Joe Sliders, picturelink: tGp51V5As61aw6pxHIqk7vxBgar2BC}, 6159: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMeasure the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, and cloves into the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the honey and egg and beat on low to medium speed just until mixed. This makes a very sticky dough. You can roll it out immediately or scrape it into a ball, place it in a bowl, cover with a tea towel, and chill for 2 hours or up to overnight.nCombine the chocolate and cream in a heatproof bowl and place over but not touching a saucepan with gently simmering water. Heat, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon, until melted and smooth. Let cool until warm. To melt in a microwave, mix the chocolate and cream in a bowl and microwave on high for about 30 seconds. Stir, then repeat.nStir the almonds into the chocolate.nMeanwhile, cut 4 sheets of parchment paper large enough to fit your baking sheet. The dough is very sticky and difficult to roll out even on a wellfloured surface. Lightly spray 2 parchment sheets with vegetable spray. Transfer half the dough onto 1 sprayed sheet of parchment and top with the second sheet. Begin to spread the dough out with your hands, then roll the dough into as even a rectangle as you can, about 10 inches by 15 inches. It can easily be pushed and prodded into shape.nPeel off the top sheet of parchment. Spread half the chocolate mixture in a 3 or 4inchwide band lengthwise down the center of the dough, leaving the top half of the dough and a 1inch border around the remaining 3 sides bare. Use the bottom parchment to fold 1 side of the dough lengthwise over the chocolate mixture. Carefully peel back the parchment paper and press the edges of the dough together with a fork to seal. Slide the shaped log, still on the parchment, onto a baking sheet.nLightly spray the remaining 2 sheets of parchment with vegetable spray, and repeat the shaping and filling with the remaining half of the dough and chocolate mixture. Slide the log onto the same baking sheet, if there is room. The dough is so soft it is best to not move it off the parchment until after baking.nBake for 20 minutes. Cool completely and then slice into 12inch slices., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting work surface, 3 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 13 cups honey, warm, 1 large egg, 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 14 cup heavy cream, About 6 ounces unblanched whole almonds about 1 12 cups, Vegetable spray], title: Pastura, picturelink: kEZJ37XzJ4k8hQDlCN6vAkGcnsCyRky}, 6160: {instructions: Top steak with a ladle of Dixon red chili sauce. Sprinkle with shredded cheddar cheese and top with fried egg. The heat from the sizzling steak, warm chili sauce and egg will melt the cheese.nHeat oil in saute pan. Stir in the flour and cook to a golden brown. Add the red chili puree and salt, and cook another 30 seconds, stirring constantly. Add the broth little by little, whisking it smooth. Add enough broth to make a mediumthin red sauce.nPlace all ingredients in a blender and zap into a smooth puree. Be sure to blend long enough to completely puree the garlic. The mixture should be loose enough to pour. If necessary, add a bit more water., ingredients: [1 10 to 12ounce New York steak, prepared mediumrare, Dixon red chili sauce, recipe follows, White cheddar, fine quality, grated, to taste, 1 egg, fried, sunny side up, 3 ounces canola or other vegetable oil, 4 tablespoons flour, 1 cup red chili puree, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup chicken broth, 12 dried New Mexican red chiles, lightly oven roasted, stems broken off, and seeds shaken out or 12 cup pure New Mexican red chile powder medium to mild Medium Dixon is best, 1 clove garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon dry Mexican leaf oregano, 12 cup hot water], title: Incorrect Steak with Dixon Red Chili Sauce, picturelink: null}, 6161: {instructions: Preheat grill pan to high or preheat grill or charcoal. Coat tuna in balsamic and season with rosemary, salt and pepper. Drizzle fish with oil, coating lightly on both sides, about 2 tablespoons oil, total.nPreheat a medium nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan in a slow stream. Add garlic, onion and saute 2 or 3 minutes. Dice the zucchini and squash while the onion begins to soften. Add the zucchini and squash to the pan and turn to coat and combine with garlic and onion.nSlice eggplant into strips and dice, then add to the pan. Turn to combine all of the vegetables. Add thyme, salt and pepper to season the mixture. Cook over medium high heat, stirring frequently, 10 minutes, until vegetables are just fork tender.nGrill tuna 2 to 3 minutes on each side for rare, up to 6 minutes on each side for well done.nWhen tuna is done and vegetables are fork tender, stir chopped tomatoes into eggplant and zucchini mixture and remove vegetables from heat.nServe wedges of vegetable antipasto, above recipe, along side tuna steaks topped with vegetable salsa. Extra antipasto slices and vegetables should be passed at the table.nA nice Sicilian rose, chilled, makes a fine beverage companion.n1 loaf crusty bread, 9 to 12 inches in lengthn14 cup sundried tomatoes in olive oil, drained, chopped  12 a small jarn14 cup black pitted calamata or oil cured olives, your preference, choppedn12 cup prepared pesto saucen14 pound deli sliced provolonen1 jar, 16 to 18 roasted red peppers, drainedn1 15ounce can quartered artichoke hearts in water, drainedn1 cup giardiniera, pickled vegetables hot pickled peppers, cauliflower, carrots available on the Italian foods aisle of market or in bulk bins near deli section with bulk olivesnCoarse salt and black peppernExtravirgin olive oil, for drizzlingnCut the top off a loaf of crusty bread. Hollow out the inside of the bread.nMix parsley, chopped sundried tomatoes, chopped olives and store bought or homemade pesto sauce. Spread the mixture evenly across the bottom of the hollowed out bread. Layer the cheese into the loaf. Layer the roasted red peppers on top of the cheese. Coarsely chop the drained artichoke hearts and add them in a layer over the red peppers. Sprinkle in the chopped hot pickled vegetables and drizzle some extravirgin olive oil on top. Replace the top, cut the stuffed loaf into pieces and serve.nYield: 4 servingsnPrep Time: 10 to 15 minutesnCook Time: nonenEase of Preparation: easy, ingredients: [4 tuna steaks, 6 to 8 ounces, 1 12 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, just enough to lightly coat the steaks, 6 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves chopped, about 3 tablespoons, Steaks seasoning blend or coarse salt and pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, about 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 small, young, firm eggplant, 1 small zucchini, 1 small yellow squash, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves chopped, 2 tablespoons, Salt and pepper, 2 small vine ripe tomatoes, seeded and diced, Vegetable Antipasto Sutffed Bread, recipe follows], title: Rosemary Grilled Tuna Steaks with Eggplant and Zucchini, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 6162: {instructions: Cut the melon into halves. Cut crosswise into thin slices. Cut off the outside skin. Cut the beef into thin slices. Grill or broil the beef to desired doneness. Arrange the lettuce on a large salad platter. Top with the grilled beef, melon slices, and cucumber sticks. Spoon the sauce over the top.nCut the melon into halves lengthwise. Use a grapefruit knife or small sharp knife to scoop out the pulp. Combine the melon pulp, lime juice, green onion, oil, cumin and garlic in a blender or food processor container. Cover and process until well blended., ingredients: [1 horned melon, 1 pound lean beef sirloin, trimmed of all fat, 4 cups shredded lettuce, 1 12 cups juliennecut cucumber, Horned Melon Sauce, recipe follows, 1 horned melon, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 1 green onion, minced, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 14 teaspoon cumin, 1 garlic clove, minced], title: Grilled Beef with Horned Melon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 6163: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat the cider in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat until it comes to a boil. Continue to cook until syrupy and reduced to about 2 tablespoons, 12 to 14 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly.nWhisk the flour, cream of tartar, baking soda, cinnamon and salt in a medium bowl until smooth. Beat the butter with 12 cup of the granulated sugar and the light brown sugar in a separate bowl on mediumhigh speed until fluffy and smooth, 2 to 3 minutes. Beat in the reduced cider and the egg the mixture may look slightly curdled. Stir in the flour mixture and 14 cup of the chopped apple chips until combined.nStir together the remaining 3 tablespoons of granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons of chopped apple chips and the apple pie spice in a small bowl. Roll heaping tablespoons of dough into balls, using lightly moistened hands if the dough is too sticky, and then roll in the spiced sugar mixture. Place the dough balls 3 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets and top with a few pieces of whole apple chips. Bake until the edges are just set but centers are still soft, 11 to 13 minutes, rotating pans halfway through the baking time. Cool 2 to 3 minutes on the baking sheet, and then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [1 14 cups apple cider, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, plus 3 tablespoons for rolling, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons finely chopped red and green crispy apple chips, plus whole chips for garnish, 2 teaspoons apple pie spice], title: Apple Cider Snickerdoodles, picturelink: lghrUo.QT9WzA6KPfIOe4cT6lGNjvgS}, 6164: {instructions: Combine 12 cup each flour and cornmeal, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder and 34 teaspoon salt. Stir in 12 cup each buttermilk, sliced pickled okra, shredded smoked cheddar and corn kernels, 3 sliced scallions and 1 lightly beaten egg. Deepfry heaping tablespoons in 350 degrees F vegetable oil, turning, until golden, 5 minutes. Drain on a paper towellined plate season with salt. Serve with honey mustard.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Smoked Cheddar Hush Puppies, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 6165: {instructions: Place the cream, milk and sugar in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Split and scrape the vanilla seeds from the bean. Add both the seeds and the pod to the milk.nOnce the milk mixture begins to simmer, shut off the heat and whisk in the creme fraiche. Strain the mixture and return to the pot. Add the gelatin and stir until dissolved.nPour the mixture into 8 1 cup ramekins and set aside to come to room temperature. Cover and place in the refrigerator to firm up for at least 3 hours, but it is best to let sit overnight.nTo make the sauce, combine the cherries and their juices, the cherry brandy, and the port in a medium saucepan with low sides, over medium heat. When mixture is hot, remove the pan from the heat and ignite with a long kitchen match. Once the flame subsides, return the pan to medium heat.nAdd the sugar, cinnamon, and the lemon zest and stir until the sugar has dissolved and the mixture starts to thicken, about 3 more minutes. Let the mixture cool to room temperature and serve with the Panna Cotta., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 3 cups whole milk, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, 2 cups creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons plus 14 teaspoon powdered gelatin, 2 pounds frozen cherries, pitted and thawed, 12 cup cherry brandy recommended: Kirsch, 13 cup ruby port, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 lemon, zested, cut into strips], title: Creme Fraiche Panna Cotta Jubilee Style, picturelink: null}, 6166: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nReserve half of the squash for another use. Place 1 spaghetti squash half, cut side down, on a nonstick baking sheet. Roast for 30 to 40 minutes or until tender. Remove flesh from skin with a fork. Toss with the roasted garlic pesto. Top with Parmesan and serve warm.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCut tops off garlic. Lightly spray each with cooking oil spray. Wrap in aluminum foil and roast for 1 hour. Let cool before handling. Squeeze pulp from garlic into a food processor. Add basil and pine nuts and pulse until smooth., ingredients: [1 3pound spaghetti squash, split in 12 lengthwise, 1 recipe Roasted Garlic Pesto, recipe follows, 14 cup Parmesan, 4 heads garlic, 4 sprays olive oil cooking spray, 2 cups fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon pine nuts], title: Pesto Spaghetti Squash, picturelink: null}, 6167: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the cheese and cornstarch. Toss to coat. Set aside.nIn a heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat, add the oil, garlic, shallots, and rosemary. Season with a pinch of salt and cook until the shallot and garlic soften slightly, about 1 minute. Add the wine and simmer, about 1 minute. Whisk in the cream, pepper and cayenne pepper. When the cream mixture begins to bubble, remove from the heat and strain over the blue cheese, whisking to incorporate. Remove from the heat and stir in the chives if using. Serve in a fondue pot next to a big pile of Lola Chips with Rosemary.nIn a medium pot, pour enough oil so that the oil comes 3 inches up the sides. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer, a cube of bread will brown in about 3 minutes.nSlice the potatoes thinly on a mandoline. As you slice them, put them in a bowl of cold water to cover.nDrain the potatoes and pat dry. Working in batches if necessary, cook the potatoes in the oil until they are golden brown and crispy, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic if using, along with the potatoes. Remove the potatoes from the oil to a large paper towellined bowl and season them with the rosemary and salt, shaking the bowl to distribute the seasonings evenly., ingredients: [8 ounces your favorite blue cheese, such as gorgonzola or buttermilk blue or a combination of your favorites, crumbled, 5 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 shallot, minced, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, Kosher salt, 14 cup dry white wine, 34 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne pepper, 5 fresh chives, snipped, optional, Lola Chips with Rosemary, recipe follows, Canola oil, for deep frying, 2 large russet potatoes, scrubbed clean, 2 or 3 cloves garlic, smashed, optional, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves stripped, 1 teaspoon coarse sea salt], title: Chips with Blue Cheese Fondue, picturelink: null}, 6168: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a skillet over moderate heat, add the oil. Heat the oil until hot, but not smoking. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Set aside and let cool.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk the eggs, milk, mustard, and hot sauce together. Add marjoram, thyme, salt, and pepper.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the meats, eggmilk mixture, bread crumbs, parsley, and the cooked onion mixture.nIn a small bowl stir together ketchup, sugar, and vinegar. Set aside.nForm 1 tablespoon of the meat mixture into a small patty, add it to a small oiled skillet, and cook until no longer pink. Taste for seasoning and adjust.nTransfer meat mixture to an oiled loaf pan. Brush meat with ketchup glaze.nBake in oven for about 45 minutes, until glaze has set. Brush meat loaf with remaining glaze and bake for 15 minutes more. Internal temperature of loaf should be 160 degrees F., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12 cups chopped onion, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 large eggs, 12 cup milk, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 12 teaspoons fresh marjoram, or 12 teaspoon dried, crumbled, 1 12 teaspoons fresh thyme, or 12 teaspoon dried, crumbled, Salt, freshly ground pepper, 1 pound twiceground chuck, 12 pound twiceground veal, 12 pound twiceground pork, 1 12 cups fresh bread crumbs, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, minced, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup light brown sugar, 1 12 tablespoons cider vinegar], title: Meatloaf, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 6169: {instructions: Place 2 slices of tomato on each of 4 plates and top with a poached egg. Crumble feta on top. Add onions and a few oregano leaves. Drizzle with olive oil, and sprinkle with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 large heirloom tomatoes, each cut into 4 slices, 4 poached farm eggs, 8 ounces feta, 1 bunch fresh oregano, 1 red onion, sliced, Olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Poached Farm Eggs with Heirloom Tomatoes, Red Onions, Oregano and Feta, picturelink: FovPIJhDCyIWsc7pbgVFIP4SEq2bC26}, 6170: {instructions: Brown 4 slices diced bacon in a pot drain on paper towels. Add 1 cup diced onion to the pot and cook 3 minutes. Add 1 pound thawed frozen collard greens, 1 cup chicken broth and water to cover simmer 20 minutes. Stir in the bacon, some butter, salt and pepper., ingredients: [], title: SouthernStyle Collard Greens, picturelink: null}, 6171: {instructions: Brush 6 slices crusty bread on both sides with olive oil broil until golden. Rub with a garlic clove and the cut side of a tomato. Sprinkle with kosher salt and drizzle with more olive oil.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: GarlicTomato Toast, picturelink: IB9SySbTEmeDrlpLUqz1uRH9FdmfWi}, 6172: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Mix the salmon, corn, egg, 3 tablespoons each breadcrumbs and tartar sauce, the roasted red peppers, parsley, lemon zest and 34 teaspoon Old Bay in a bowl. Gently form into eight 34inchthick patties and freeze until just firm, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the dressing: Whisk the remaining 2 tablespoons tartar sauce, the lemon juice, 1 tablespoon water, the remaining 14 teaspoon Old Bay, and pepper to taste in a large bowl.nPut the remaining 5 tablespoons breadcrumbs in a shallow bowl. Press the salmon cakes in the breadcrumbs to coat both sides. Heat the olive oil in a large ovenproof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the salmon cakes and cook until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the cakes are heated through, 6 to 8 more minutes.nAdd the greens to the bowl with the dressing and toss. Serve the salmon cakes with the salad, more tartar sauce and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [3 7.5ounce cans salmon, drained, 1 cup frozen corn, thawed, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 5 tablespoons tartar sauce, plus more for serving optional, 2 tablespoons minced jarred roasted red peppers, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon Old Bay Seasoning, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, plus wedges for serving, Freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 cups about 8 ounces mixed baby greens], title: Salmon Cakes With Salad, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 6173: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSet the squash on its side and, with a large knife, cut in half vertically. Trim a piece off the bottom of each squash half so they will lie flat in the pan. Scrape out the seeds and stringy membranes with a large spoon. Place cavity side up in a large roasting pan.nMix the butter, mustard, and honey in a small bowl until blended. Fill each squash cavity with 2 tablespoons of the butter mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Bake until the squash is very tender, 1 to 1 12 hours.nNote: Sandra Colling from Rochester, New York, called in one night on the show when I was making a dish with winter squash. She pointed out that anytime you have leftover cooked squash you can freeze it for future use. She suggested freezing it in muffin tins for easy single portions. I suggest that you could also turn the cooked squash puree into a soup by adding vegetable or chicken stock to thin, then topping it off with some homemade rye, pita, or Parmesan croutons., ingredients: [3 acorn squash, about 1 12 pounds each, stems cut off, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 6 tablespoons honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Baked Acorn Squash with Mustard and Honey, picturelink: cGKqXreGlhdoOhoQvJ6uaX1op1t9Cr6}, 6174: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nToss the beets with the oil and vinegar in a large bowl until well coated. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil to prevent leaks during cooking. Place the beets on the baking sheet and cover with aluminum foil to create a tight seal, allowing the beets to steam. Roast the beets until tender but still maintaining a bite, 3 hours.nTurn off the oven. Allow the beets to finish steaming for easier peeling. Peel the beets using a towel, making sure to wear gloves to prevent staining. Cut the beets into 12inch cubes and place in a bowl.nPreheat oil in a deepfryer or a deep pot to 350 degrees F.nPour the cornstarch over the beets and toss until well coated. Place the beets in a sieve set over a metal bowl and shake to remove excess cornstarch. Transfer the beets to a fryer basket and fry until crispy and piping hot. When done, shake off excess oil and add beets to a clean metal bowl.nSeason the beets with salt, then arrange on three serving dishes. Add a tablespoon of Japanese mayonnaise to each dish and sprinkle a little togarashi over the mayonnaise and the beets. Garnish with green onions., ingredients: [3 large red beets equal size, washed and patted dry, 34 cup vegetable oil, 34 cup white vinegar, Canola or vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup cornstarch, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons Japanese mayonnaise, such as Kewpie, Togarashi, for garnish, Green onions, thinly sliced, for garnish], title: Beet Home Fries, picturelink: null}, 6175: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place 12 cupcake liners into a cupcake pan. In a medium bowl, cream the white sugar and butter. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then stir in the vanilla. Combine the flour, pudding mix and baking powder. Then add to the creamed mixture and mix well. Pour in the buttermilk and stir until the batter is smooth. Stir in the mashed banana. Pour or spoon the batter into the cupcake liners in the cupcake pan. Bake until the cake springs back to the touch, 18 to 20 minutes. Test cake doneness approximately 15 minutes into baking time. Cool. To assemble: Frost the cooled cupcakes with the Buttercream Frosting. Roll the cupcake tops and sides in the macadamia nuts.nSlowly combine the butter into the confectioners sugar, 12 cup at a time. After well incorporated, add white chocolate and vanilla. Whip well until light and fluffy., ingredients: [1 34 teaspoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons banana pudding mix, 1 cup white sugar, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 ripe banana, mashed, 12 cup butter, 2 eggs, Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Macadamia nuts, dry roasted and finely chopped, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup 1 stick butter, at room temperature, 2 to 3 cups confectioners sugar, 18 to 14 cup melted white baking chocolates, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Banana Cake with White Chocolate Macadamia Frosting, picturelink: wAw0vj2zVBk8X8MNb.anZHroka6p8YW}, 6176: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 14inch round biscuit cutternFor the biscuits: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Poke the sweet potatoes with the tines of a fork and bake until tender, about 1 hour. Let the potatoes cool, and then peel them, discarding the skins.nIn a food processor, puree the potatoes with the buttermilk and nutmeg until smooth.nWhisk together the flour, sugar, baking soda and salt. With your fingertips or a dough cutter, cut in the cold butter until peasize chunks are formed. Fold in the sweet potato puree until just combined, being careful not to overwork.nDust a work surface with some flour and turn the biscuit dough onto the counter. Form the dough into a 34inchthick disc. Using a 2 14inch round biscuit cutter, cut out 14 biscuits, starting on the outside of the disk and working your way in. You may need to reshape the last bits of dough back into a disk to get all 14 rounds.nGrease a 10inch castiron skillet with the vegetable oil and place the biscuits in the skillet, working from the center out. The biscuits should be a tight fit and nestled against each other. Brush the biscuit tops with the melted butter and bake until golden, 15 to 18 minutes.nFor the sandwich build: Split the hot biscuits, place some of the torn ham on the bottom half, drizzle the Blackberry Balsamic Drizzle over the ham and then pile some arugula on top for a peppery bite.nCombine the preserves, basil, vinegar, mustard, peppercorns and chile in a medium saucepot on the stove. Set over medium heat. Simmer the sauce until thickened, 7 to 10 minutes. Strain the reduction through a fine sieve. Thin with water if needed., ingredients: [1 pound sweet potatoes 2 to 3 potatoes, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks cold butter, small diced, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons butter, melted and slightly cooled, 14 slices honey baked ham or your favorite ham, torn into pieces to fit the biscuits, Blackberry Balsamic Drizzle, recipe follows, Arugula, for serving, One 12 to 13ounce jar blackberry preserves, 1 cup packed fresh basil leaves, stems and all, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup yellow mustard, such as Frenchs, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 1 serrano chile, split in half], title: Honey Glazed Ham on Sweet Potato Biscuits with BlackberryBalsamic Drizzle, picturelink: rLJA80B2M8pLR.a744mzoy1lY3QEWSW}, 6177: {instructions: Microwave limes in a small bowl to release essential oils. Since these will be hot coming from the microwave, set them aside until just cool enough to handle. Season fish with salt and pepper and place in a nonreactive container for marinating. Squeeze lime juice over fish and add rinds to the bowl. Pour tequila over fillets, cover and let marinate in refrigerator for at least 2 hours.nAbout 20 to 25 minutes before mealtime, prepare orange beurre blanc by combining orange juice and wine in a saucepan and simmering on medium heat until reduced by half the volume. Stir in heavy cream, bring to a gentle simmer, and allow to reduce and thicken over low heat. Stir in parsley and set aside briefly in a warm place.nHeat oil over medium heat in a large saute pan and add butter. Sear marinated fillets flesh side first, leaving undisturbed for at least 2 to 3 minutes to allow the surface to begin to caramelize and prevent tearing of the fish. Flip over to sear the skin side. Allow to cook for 5 to 8 minutes or until flesh springs back when gently prodded. Remove to a tray and let rest.nWhisk butter into sauce just before serving and spoon over and around the fish., ingredients: [2 fresh limes, 8 6ounce mahimahi fillets, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, 12 cup tequila, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup orange juice, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon very finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, cut into cubes], title: MahiMahi with Orange Beurre Blanc Sauce, picturelink: CCy.JLQtQ2EMlgKZgH3nYOIJwzWEm}, 6178: {instructions: Add the yeast to 2 cups warm water no hotter than 110 degrees F in a bowl and whisk until dissolved. Slice 12 stick 4 tablespoons of the butter into thin slices. Lightly whisk the butter slices and brown sugar into the yeast mixture, then fold in 2 cups of the flour with a rubber spatula until combined. Add the salt and remaining 2 12 cups flour and mix until combined the dough will be sticky.nPlace the dough on a floured surfaced and knead until smooth but still slightly sticky, 8 to 10 minutes. Place in a bowl that has been sprayed with cooking spray and cover with plastic wrap. Allow the dough to double in size, about 1 hour 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Grease a baking sheet with cooking spray.nDeflate the dough by punching it in the center, then, on a lightly floured surface, divide it into 12 pieces. Roll the pieces until they are about 12 inch thick, then form each into a pretzel shape.nWhisk the baking soda into 4 cups warm water until dissolved. Dip each pretzel into the mixture, then place on the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle with pretzel salt and bake until golden brown, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the remaining 1 12 sticks butter and transfer to a shallow dish. When the pretzels are done, dip the salt side of each in the butter. Place on a drying rack and allow to cool slightly. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 2 sticks unsalted butter, 5 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for kneading, 1 tablespoon fine salt, Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the bowl and baking sheet, 34 cup baking soda, Pretzel salt, for sprinkling], title: Buttery Pretzels, picturelink: Ux48fZcdroK.gfLwe1eooY6UF0HX.rq}, 6179: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Pat the beef dry with a paper towel and season all sides with salt and pepper. Quickly sear the beef on 2 sides only until deep golden brown, about 4 minutes total do not overcook. Transfer to a plate to cool.nAdd the mushrooms and cook until beginning to brown and release liquid, about 5 minutes. Add the shallots and continue cooking until mushroom mixture dries out, is golden brown and shallots are soft, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and cool.nPreheat to the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat.nOn a work surface, roll 1 sheet of puff pastry to a 10 by 14inch rectangle. Put teaspoonsized mounds of mushroom mixture on the pastry, evenly spacing them in 4 rows of 3. Top the mushroom mound with a piece of beef, seared side up. With a sharp knife, cut the pastry into even squares around the meat and mushrooms. Working 1 at a time, pull 2 opposite sides of pastry up over each beef piece, then fold the ends over the top to make a packet. Invert and arrange the packets seam side down on the baking sheet and press them lightly to seal the pastry. Repeat with the remaining beef, mushrooms, and pastry.nBake the Wellingtons until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven to a serving platter and let cool at least 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds beef tenderloin, cut into 24 1inch cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, stemmed and finely chopped, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 2 sheets frozen puff pastry, thawed recommended: Dufour], title: Mini Beef Wellingtons, picturelink: VBpz8ty3eHRxZzVuJc1KfIFIOm592}, 6180: {instructions: Separate endive leaves and wash well in cold running water. Trim and discard stems, break leaves into bitesized pieces and pat dry. Set aside in a bowl.nPeel and core apples and cut into thin slices. In another bowl, combine remaining ingredients. Add apple slices to cream mixture. The apples can now be reserved in the refrigerator for up to 4 hours.nTo serve, pour apple and cream mixture over endive. Toss well to coat., ingredients: [3 small heads curly endive, preferably frisee, 3 large Granny Smith apples, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 34 cup red wine vinegar, 3 ounces cabrales or blue cheese, crumbled, 13 cup walnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped, 12 teaspoon coarse salt], title: Apple, Endive and Cabrales Salad, picturelink: null}, 6181: {instructions: Fill a martini shaker or a large glass with ice. Add vodka, Cointreau, lemon juice and simple syrup and shake or stir. Strain into chilled martini glasses. Garnish with a candy lemon drop or a lemon twist., ingredients: [6 ounces lemonflavored vodka a.k.a. Citron, 2 ounces Cointreau, or triple sec, 4 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 teaspoons simple syrup, or to taste equal amounts of sugar and water heated until sugar dissolves, 2 cups ice, 1 lemon or 4 candy lemon drops or jelly lemon slices], title: Mighty Lemon Drop, picturelink: null}, 6182: {instructions: Combine the cream cheese, blue cheese, cranberries, pecans, butter, honey and some salt and pepper in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix until fully combined.nSpread the filling into the cucumber boats. Slice crosswise into 1inch pieces., ingredients: [5 ounces cream cheese, such as Kraft Philadelphia, room temperature, 4 ounces blue cheese, room temperature, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup pecans, finely chopped, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 tablespoon honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 English cucumber, sliced in half lengthwise, seeds scooped out with a spoon to create 2 boats], title: Cucumber Bites, picturelink: null}, 6183: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a heated skillet, cook the onions, adding a little water to prevent them from burning. Cook until lightly brown, adding more water, if needed. Add the squash, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook until the squash is tender, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and stir in the mayonnaise, 1 cup of the cheese and 1 cup of the crumbled crackers. Pour the mixture into a 1 12quart baking dish. Sprinkle with remaining cheese and top with remaining 14 cup of butter crackers. Bake until the casserole is bubbly around edges, about 25 minutes. Remove the casserole from the oven and serve hot., ingredients: [1 small Vidalia onion, chopped about 34 cup, Water, 2 pounds yellow squash, cut into 12 to 1inch cubes, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup good quality mayonnaise, 1 12 cups grated Gruyere cheese, 1 14 cups crushed butter crackers, divided], title: Squash Casserole, picturelink: bQhnDjuwZ.pI6NLyhFqlWXJXHAGDhG}, 6184: {instructions: Season fillets with salt, pepper and cayenne.nIn a baking dish, place seasoned fish with wine, onions and garlic and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for about 7 minutes or until fish is cooked through.nWhen fish is completely cooled, flake. Mix the flaked salmon with potatoes and herbs. Roll 6ounce cakes in bread crumbs. In a saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon oil and 1 tablespoon butter. When hot, saute cakes so that the bread crumbs toast. Cook on both sides and place on sheet tray.nAfter all salmonpotato cakes are toasted, place sheet tray in oven for 10 minutes to heat cakes through.nIn a blender or food processor combine, mayonnaise, tomatoes, ketchup, Dijon mustard, paprika season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds skinless salmon fillet, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 12 cups chilled mashed potatoes, 14 cup chopped fresh herbs parsley, basil, and tarragon, Bread crumbs, Vegetable oil, Butter, Roasted Tomato Mayonnaise, 1 12 cups homemade or prepared mayonnaise, 8 oven roasted plum tomatoes, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon paprika], title: SalmonPotato Cakes with Roasted Tomato Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 6185: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk the mayonnaise, honey, mustard and lemon juice together until combined. Serve at room temperature or chilled with pretzels for dipping., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons grained Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Pretzels, for dipping], title: Sunnys Honey Dijon Pretzel Dip, picturelink: vt9nOZKpyP0Hmksi2.2QOkdejq.SCB2}, 6186: {instructions: Make the crusts: Pulse the flour, almonds, sugar and salt in a food processor until the nuts are finely ground. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal. Add 3 tablespoons ice water and pulse until the dough starts coming together. Turn the dough out onto a piece of plastic wrap, pat into a disk and wrap in the plastic. Refrigerate until cold but still malleable, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLightly butter four 4inch tart pans with removable bottoms. Divide the prepared dough into 4 pieces, then press into the bottom and up the side of each prepared pan. Freeze until firm, about 10 minutes, then use a paring knife to trim the excess pastry.nPlace the tart shells on a baking sheet, line each with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until golden around the edges, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and continue baking until the crusts are golden brown all over, 5 to 10 more minutes. Let cool, then carefully loosen the crusts but leave in the pans on the baking sheet.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Whisk the sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice, orange juice, cornstarch and 14 cup water in a medium saucepan until smooth. Whisk in the whole egg and egg yolks. Cook over medium heat, whisking, until the mixture simmers, about 5 minutes. Add the butter and limoncello and continue whisking over medium heat until thick like pudding, 4 to 6 more minutes. Spoon the curd into the prepared crusts.nMake the meringue: Beat the egg whites in a medium bowl with a mixer on medium speed until foamy, about 1 minute. Sprinkle in the cream of tartar and continue beating until soft peaks form, about 3 minutes. Gradually beat in the sugar and beat until stiff shiny peaks form, 4 to 5 more minutes. Transfer the meringue to a pastry bagfitted with a star tip and pipe onto the tarts. Bake at 375 degrees F until the meringue is set and golden, about 15 minutes. Let cool completely before unmolding.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup blanched almonds, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus more for the pans, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest from 2 lemons, 12 cup fresh lemon juice from about 4 lemons, 13 cup fresh orange juice from 1 orange, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 large egg plus 3 egg yolks, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 3 tablespoons limoncello or other lemonflavored liqueur, 3 large egg whites, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 7 tablespoons sugar], title: Lemon Meringue Tartlets, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 6187: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPlace all of the ingredients into a blender carafe, cover and pulse until coarse crumbs form, about 2 minutes. Spread the crumbs evenly on 2 half sheet pans and bake until the crumbs just begin to brown and are crisp, about 5 minutes. Cool the crumbs on the pans for 15 to 20 minutes, and then transfer to an airtight container and store at room temperature for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [4 ounces stale bread, cut or torn into 1inch pieces, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Homemade Italian Breadcrumbs, picturelink: null}, 6188: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Melt the chocolate chips with the coconut oil in a small double boiler or in the microwave. Put the sprinkles, coconut and peanuts on 3 plates or a baking sheet.nRemove the paper from the caramel rounds and use the paper or parchment paper to line a baking sheet. Spray the paper lightly with cooking spray. Use sharp kitchen scissors to cut each caramel round in half.nHolding the caramel lengthwise, wrap the top half of each pretzel stick, pressing the seam to secure. Place the wrapped pretzel sticks seamside down on the prepared baking sheet and place in the oven to slightly melt the caramel and allow it to adhere to the pretzels, about 5 minutes.nWorking quickly, press the pretzels into the toppings of your choice, turning to make sure all sides are coated. Drizzle with the white chocolate mixture. Let cool completely.nArrange the pretzels sticks in glasses for serving., ingredients: [8 ounces white chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons coconut oil, 12 cup mixed orange and chocolate sprinkles, 12 cup toasted shredded coconut, 12 cup crushed peanuts, 10 rounds of caramel from a 6.5ounce package of caramel apple wraps, Nonstick cooking spray, 20 long thick pretzel rods about 7 12 inches long], title: Candied Pretzel Parts, picturelink: PiVCAITyHgeS1MTCEQwDHGY1Mb2ezC6}, 6189: {instructions: Heat the olive oil over medium heat in a large saute pan. Once heated, add the onions and garlic and saute until the onions become translucent. Remove pan from the heat and carefully add cognac the alcohol can flame up. Return the pan to the heat and let reduce for 2 minutes. Add mustards, pineapple juice, apple juice, brown sugar and honey. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Turn down heat to low and allow to reduce by 13, about 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice ham diagonally approximately 1 12 to 2inches deep. From left to right and then right to left, making diamonds on top of ham. In each point of a diamond, press in a clove. Place ham in roasting pan, on cooking rack. Add small amount of water to base of pan to keep drippings from burning. Place in oven and bake for 1 12 hours.nPreheat an oiled grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nGrill the pineapple and mango slices until grill marked and caramelized, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove and let cool, then slice fruit into 12 by 12inch. Toss in large bowl, with the remaining ingredients to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside.nLiberally apply mustard glaze to ham and bake the ham for another 30 minutes or until the glaze begins to turn brown and caramelize. Remove, cover with foil and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice and serve with salsa., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup minced yellow onion, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons cognac, 14 cup yellow mustard, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup pineapple juice, 13 cup apple juice, 1 12 tablespoons brown sugar, 14 cup honey, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 8 to 10pound smoked, unglazed ham, Whole cloves, 1 red jalapeno, seeded and finely diced, 1 pineapple, peeled, cored and quartered, 2 mangos, peeled and cored, 1 red onion, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 lemon, juiced, Salt, Pepper], title: Jimbos Hambo with Grilled Fruit Salsa, picturelink: null}, 6190: {instructions: To make Cherry Demiglace: Saute shallot in butter, add peppercorns, garlic, cloves, cinnamon stick, allspice, thyme and bay leaf and saute another couple minutes. Add wine to the pan and let simmer until reduced by half. Strain. Add veal stock and cherries simmer until reduced to 1 quart. Puree and strain. Check for seasoning.nTo make Tenderloin: Rub garlic, olive oil and thyme over fillet of beef and let sit, refrigerated for 4 hours to overnight.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nAdd the flour to the crushed peppercorns. Season the tenderloin liberally with salt and coat well with peppercorn mixture. Place a large saute pan over high heat and add oil. Once the oil starts to smoke add the tenderloin and sear until dark brown on all sides. Place in a 400 degrees F oven until center of fillet reaches 130 degrees F. Let rest for 20 minutes and slice.nTo make Asparagus: Using a vegetable peeler, shave the asparagus and cut each one so they are all the same length. Next saute the asparagus in 1 tablespoon butter and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with Parmesan.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nTo make Potato Galette: Wash potatoes and slice into 18 to 14inch thick circles. On greased pans, shingle potato circles to form a galette 1 potato per galette. Brush each galette with butter and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Put another pan on top of galettes and bake for about 25 minutes. Take top pan off, for last 5 minutes of baking, so potatoes can brown., ingredients: [4 tablespoons minced shallots, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons cracked black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon sliced garlic, 4 whole cloves, 12 cinnamon stick, 4 crushed allspice berries, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 bay leaf, 1 quart red wine, 1 quart veal stock, 2 teaspoons sundried cherries, 14 cup chopped garlic, 1 cup olive oil, plus 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 whole beef tenderloin, cleaned, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup crushed black peppercorns, 1 cup cherry demiglace, Fresh thyme leaves, for garnish, 32 pencil asparagus shaved and blanched, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt and pepper, 12 cup shaved Parmesan, 8 medium size Yukon gold potatoes, 1 cup melted butter, Salt and pepper], title: Fillet of Beef with Potato Galette and Shaved Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 6191: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 225 degrees F. Place a baking sheet in the oven to keep the cooked pancakes warm.nWhisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, baking soda, salt, ginger and nutmeg in a large bowl. Whisk together the buttermilk, eggs, vanilla, carrots and melted butter in a medium bowl. Whisk the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients until just combined. Stir in the pecans.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat and brush with melted butter. Working in batches if necessary, use about half of the batter to make 4 round pancake bodies about 14 cup batter per pancake. Cook until the pancakes are golden on the bottom and bubbly on top, 1 to 2 minutes, then flip and cook until they golden on the second side, about 1 minute more. Place the finished pancakes in the oven on the preheated baking sheet to keep them warm. Use the remaining batter to make 4 round bunny head pancakes and 8 oval bunny paw pancakes, using about 2 tablespoons of batter per pancake. Place the finished pancakes in the oven to keep warm.nMix together the cream cheese, confectioners sugar and vanilla in a small bowl until well combined and smooth. To serve, place a large pancake in the center of each plate, then place a small round pancake at the top of each large pancake to make a bunny head. Pipe or dollop two small dots of the cream cheese mixture at the bottom of the large pancake to attach the feet. Pipe or dollop a bunny tail between each set of feet.nPeel and cut the top and bottom 2 inches from both bananas and cut the pieces in half lengthwise. Use the halved banana pieces to make bunny ears. Slice the leftover pieces of banana crosswise into 8 slices total and add them to the feet. Finish the feet with 3 chocolate chips or raisins each. Serve the bunnies with honey or maple syrup on the side., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup loosely packed finely shredded carrots about 2 small carrots, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for cooking the pancakes, 13 cup finely chopped pecans, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 2 bananas, 24 chocolate chips or raisins, Honey or maple syrup, for serving], title: Bunny Butt Carrot Cake Pancakes, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 6192: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. or as high as it will go  for at least 1 hour.nChop fine the reserved turkey fat. In a small saucepan set over moderate heat combine the reserved fat with 12 cup of the water, bring to a boil and simmer until all the water has evaporated and only clear fat and small pieces of solid remain. Reserve fat for stuffing.nSeason the inside of the turkey with salt and pepper. Rub the skin all over with the oil and season with salt and pepper.nMake the gravy: In a saucepan set over moderate heat combine ingredients for the gravy, bring to a boil and simmer while preparing the dressing.nMake the dressing: prepare and combine ingredients in bowl no. 1 prepare and combine ingredients from bowl no. 2 and prepare and combine ingredients from bowl no. 3. In a large bowl combine ingredients from all three bowls. Mix it well. Mix it with your hands. Mix itnuntil your forearms and wrists ache. Then mix it some more. Now toss it enough so that it isnt any longer a doughy mass.nLoosely stuff the turkey. Stuff the neck cavity and sew closed the openings. Tie legs together.nMake the paste: combine all ingredients for paste in a bowl, adding enough flour to form a thick paste.nArrange turkey breast side down on a rack wrapped in foil sitting in a shallow roasting pan. Brush foil with oil.nPut the turkey in the oven and roast it for 15 minutes, or until browned. Turn it breast side up and roast for 15 minutes more. With a pastry or paint brush coat the turkey completely with the paste  in every nook and cranny. Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nTo simmering gravy add cider and water. Remove from heat but keep warm on top of stove. This is your basting liquid. Roast the bird, basting it frequently, the original recipe says every 15 minutes for 4 12 to 5 hours, or until an instant meat thermometer reads 180 to 185 in the thigh 170 in the breast and 160 in the stuffing.nLet rest 15 to 20 minutes, before peeling away crust.nSuggested drink: Meridian Merlot 1994.nFor the paste: 12 egg yolks 2 tablespoons of Colmans mustard 6 cloves garlic, minced 6 tablespoons onion juice 1 tablespoon salt 34 teaspoon Cayenne, or to taste 2 tablespoons lemon juice 1 cup sifted allpurpose flour, or enough to make a paste 3 cups cider 1 cup water, ingredients: [18 to 22 pound turkey, giblets and fat removed and reserved, rinsed and patted dry, Oil to taste, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, Giblets neck, liver and heart, 4 cups water, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 clove garlic, Salt to taste, 1 apple, peeled, cored and diced, 1 orange, peeled and diced, 20ounce can crushed pineapple, Grated rind of 12 lemon, 10ounce can water chestnuts, drained, 3 tablespoons chopped preserved ginger, 2 teaspoons Colmans mustard, 2 teaspoons caraway seed, 1 tablespoon celery seed, 2 teaspoons poppy seed, 2 12 tablespoons minced fresh oregano leaves, 1 large bay leaf, crushed, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon mace, 14 cup minced parsley, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 4 cloves, minus the heads, well chopped, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 4 large onions, medium chopped, 6 celery stalks, medium chopped, 1 tablespoon minced fresh marjoram leaves, 1 12 teaspoons fresh savory, preferably summer, 1 tablespoon each minced fresh thyme and sage leaves, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 pounds fresh bread crumbs, 34 pound ground veal, 14 pound ground fresh pork, 14 pound butter], title: Thompsons Turkey, picturelink: null}, 6193: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9inchdiameter springform pan with cooking spray.nFor the crust: In a food processor, grind the cookies until finely ground. Blend in the sugar and salt. Add the melted butter and process until well blended it should be the consistency of wet sand. Press the crumbs evenly onto the bottom not the sides of the prepared pan. Or just place the cookie crumbsugar mixture in the pan, pour the melted butter in and combine. Press the mixture into the bottom of the pan and bake just until set, about 7 minutes. Allow it to cool while preparing the filling.nFor the filling: Place the chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl and heat until melted, 2 to 3 minutes, stirring every minute until the chocolate is completely melted. In a medium bowl, whisk the sugar and cocoa powder together, smoothing out any lumps of cocoa powder. In a stand mixer, beat the cream cheese until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes, and then add the sugarcocoa powder mixture. Add the orange zest, prepared coffee or espresso powder at this time, if using. Beat until fully incorporated, scraping down the sides and bottom with a rubber scraper when necessary. Blend in the eggs, 1 at a time. Mix in the lukewarm chocolate and stir until combined.nPour the filling over the cooled crust, tap the pan on the table top to remove any air pockets, and then smooth the top to even out. Bake until the center is just set jiggles like set gelatin and looks just dry, about 1 hour 10 minutes, rotating halfway. Cool 5 minutes. Run a knife around sides of the cake to loosen, but do not remove from the springform pan. Chill the cake in the refrigerator overnight.nFor the glaze: Stir the heavy cream, chopped chocolate, honey and prepared coffee in a heavy, medium saucepan over low heat until smooth. Cool slightly. Pour over the center of the cheesecake, spreading to within 12inch of the cheesecakes edge and filling any cracks. Chill until topping is set, about 1 hour.nTransfer the cheesecake to a platter and release from the springform pan. Serve cold, or allow to come to room temperature, about 2 hours., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for greasing, One 9ounce package chocolate wafer cookies, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 1 stick butter, melted, 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 12 cups sugar, 13 cup unsweetened Dutchprocessed cocoa powder, Four 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 tablespoon orange zest or 12 tablespoon prepared coffee or 2 teaspoons espresso powder, optional, 4 eggs, 34 cup heavy cream, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 tablespoon prepared coffee], title: Deepest Darkest Chocolate Cheesecake, picturelink: aWo.61mhKrXPKYynzj4Bo90QQrSvC}, 6194: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Rub the chicken inside and out with salt and pepper. Place the chicken in shallow roasting pan and roast until cooked through, 35 to 40 minutes. Test for doneness by twisting the drumstick, as it will release at the joint when done. Pour off any accumulated pan juices and reserve. Place the chicken and the reserved juices in the refrigerator to chill. When the chicken is completely chilled, remove the meat from the bones and place in a mixing bowl. Melt the reserved juices in the microwave, then pour over the chicken and toss so that all of the juices can be reabsorbed. Add the lemon juice and Dijon mustard and toss again to coat the meat. Add the celery seed, celery, onions, and parsley. Toss with just enough mayonnaise to moisten the salad. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve as a chicken salad sandwich, grilled or cold, or on a bed of mixed greens garnished with fresh vegetables., ingredients: [1 whole fryer chicken, 3 to 3 12 pounds preferably free range, organic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon celery seed, 6 ribs celery, diced, 1 sweet red onion, diced, 1 small bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 14 cup mayonnaise, Sandwich buns, mixed greens and fresh vegetables, for serving, if desired], title: Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 6195: {instructions: Combine bananas and 14 cup orange juice in processor and puree. Transfer to pitcher. Combine pineapple chunks and 14 cup orange juice in processor and puree. Transfer to same pitcher. Mix in water, syrup, grenadine, lemon juice and 1 12 cups orange juice.nCan be made 6 hours ahead. Chill. Stir well before serving.nPour fruit mixture into tall glasses. Garnish with strawberries and serve., ingredients: [4 bananas, peeled, cut into pieces, 2 cups chilled orange juice, 12 fresh pineapple, peeled, cored, cut into chunks, 1 cup cold water, 2 12 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 2 tablespoons grenadine, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 6 fresh strawberries], title: Four Flowers Juice, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 6196: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat and preheat the broiler.nDrizzle the asparagus with some of the olive oil. Toss to coat and then sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place on the grill pan and cook until tender and grill marks form, 3 to 5 minutes per side, depending on the thickness of the asparagus. Remove, let cool slightly and cut into 2 to 3inch pieces, about the size of the bread.nBrush the bread on both sides generously with oil and place on a baking sheet. Rub the garlic all over one side of each slice. Broil until golden and crispy, 2 minutes per side. Remove and let cool slightly.nSlather some of the goat cheese on the garlicky side of each piece of bread, then top each with 2 to 3 pieces of the grilled asparagus and a few of the cherry tomatoes. Return to the oven just until the cheese is melted and warmed, about 2 minutes., ingredients: [12 spears asparagus, trimmed, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 slices baguette, cut on the diagonal, 1 clove garlic, 6 ounces goat cheese, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved], title: Goat Cheese and Asparagus Crostini, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 6197: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nButter a 13 by 9inch glass baking dish and set aside. Cook the noodles in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes. Drain well, but do not rinse.nWhisk the cream, milk, flour, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper in large bowl to blend. Stir in 1 cup Fontina, 12 cup Parmesan, 12 cup mozzarella, ham, if using, and parsley. Add the noodles and toss to coat. Transfer the noodle mixture to the prepared baking dish. Toss the remaining 1 cup Fontina, 14 cup Parmesan, and 14 cup mozzarella in a small bowl to blend. Sprinkle the cheese mixture over the noodle mixture. Bake until the sauce bubbles and the cheese melts and begins to brown on top, about 20 minutes. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing dish, 12 ounces wide egg noodles, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 12 cups whole milk, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for pasta water, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups packed grated Fontina, 34 cup packed finely grated Parmesan, 34 cup packed grated mozzarella, 4 ounces cooked ham, diced, optional, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves], title: Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: EBmVZrnqublSL.IIQEdnTmYxot2YxFq}, 6198: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometernCombine the pickle juice, 1 tablespoon hot sauce and 12 teaspoon salt in a large resealable plastic bag. Add the chicken thighs, seal the bag and shake to evenly disperse. Refrigerate and let marinate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight. When ready to fry, remove the chicken from the marinade and pat dry. Discard the marinade.nFill a large, wide Dutch oven or pot with about 2 12 inches of oil, then add the shortening. Attach a deepfrying thermometer to the side of the pot and bring to 350 degrees F over medium heat. Line a large baking sheet with paper towels and set aside.nWhisk together the flour, paprika, mustard, cayenne, 12 teaspoon salt and 34 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Pour in 14 cup of buttermilk and use your fingers to work it in, making the flour shaggy.nWhisk the remaining cup of buttermilk and 1 tablespoon hot sauce together in another large bowl.nDip one of the chicken thighs in the buttermilk mixture and let the excess drip off. Add to the flour mixture, making sure to press the chicken into the flour to fully coat. Set on a plate. Repeat with as many chicken thighs as your pot can hold comfortably in one batch. As the chicken sits, if you notice it getting soggy in any spots, then dredge it in the flour mixture again.nOnce the oil is at 350 F, being careful of the hot oil, slide the breaded chicken into the oil, turn off the heat and allow the temperature to drop all the way to 300 degrees F. When the temperature reaches 300 degrees F, turn the heat back on low and continue to fry, turning the chicken as needed for even browning, while adjusting the heat to maintain a temperature around 300 degrees F. Fry until the chicken is a deep golden brown with an internal temperature of about 170 degrees F, about 5 minutes. Remove to the lined baking sheet and sprinkle with a little salt. If youre working in batches, dredge the remaining chicken and increase the heat to 350 degrees F again and repeat the process.nOnce all the chicken is fried, split the buns and toast in a toaster oven or broiler, cutside up, until golden. Put 4 pickles on each bottom bun, add a piece of fried chicken and sandwich with the top buns. Serve hot or wrap in foil to transport., ingredients: [34 teaspoon cayenne, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 4 brioche or pretzel hamburger buns, 13 cup pickle juice, plus 16 dill pickle slices, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup vegetable shortening, 2 cups selfrising flour, 1 12 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon dry mustard powder], title: Fried Chicken Sandwiches, picturelink: omNcfnF9ColtYn5sYcmwc1YHx2x0i}, 6199: {instructions: In a nonreactive, stainless steel bowl, combine the cream or halfandhalf and the eggs. Whisk until combined thoroughly. Add the salt and the nutmeg. Whisk to combine.nRefrigerator Pie Rules: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Evenly distribute the pie fillings in the pie crust. Do not overfill the crust with the filling ingredients. Do not pour too much royale into the crust. The eggs will expand upon cooking. Bake the pie until it is firm to the touch like set JellO, about 45 minutes. Cool the pie for at least 15 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream or halfandhalf, 2 eggs, 2 pinches kosher salt, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 frozen 9inch pie crust, Cooked spinach, cheddar cheese, cubed cooked ham, Bacon, Sauteed leeks, and Gruyere cheese, Cooked spinach, canned artichoke hearts, and Parmesan cheese, Roasted chicken, goat cheese, and sundried tomatoes, Blanched asparagus and smoked salmon, Port Salut and Spam], title: Refrigerator Pie, picturelink: null}, 6200: {instructions: Boil rice in chicken stock for 25 minutes. Add manchego cheese, stir quickly. Turn off flame and let it sit.nRoasted Bell Pepper Sauce: Roast bell peppers. Saute shallots, garlic and diced bell peppers in butter. Add 1 pint of white wine, reduce. Puree.nFish Lightly cover both sides with flour, salt and pepper. Sear each side quickly in a very hot pan. Place rice in middle of plate. Place fish on top of rice and pour sauce around outer edge. Sprinkle with lemon juice., ingredients: [12 pound arborio rice, 1 quart chicken stock, 10 ounces manchego cheese, 3 red bell peppers, 1ounce shallots, 1ounce garlic, 10 ounces butter, 1 pint white wine, 4 8ounce halibut fillets, Flour, Salt and pepper, to taste, Lemon juice, to taste], title: Halibut Miro, picturelink: null}, 6201: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTrim the tenderloins of all fat and silverskin. Place them in a shallow baking dish large enough to hold them without crowding.nCombine the soy sauce, sherry, honey, vinegar, oil, and orange juice in a medium bowl, whisking until well blended. Stir in the rosemary, shallots, and ginger. Pour the mixture over the tenderloins. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to marinate at room temperature for 2 hours.nPreheat an outdoor grill or indoor grill pan.nRemove the pork from the marinade, shaking off any excess. Place the tenderloins on the grill and cook, turning frequently, for about 18 minutes, or until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part reads 155 degrees F. Transfer to a platter and allow the meat to rest for 10 minutes before carving.nMeanwhile, place the marinade in a small saucepan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 10 minutes, or until slightly thickened.nSlice the pork into 14 inchthick slices, spoon the hot marinade over the pork. Serve with a tossed salad., ingredients: [3 34 to 1 pound pork tenderloins, 12 cup soy sauce, 12 cup dry sherry, 12 cup honey, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 1 12 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger], title: Marinated Grilled Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: 0jojW50rUMVVqGDgk.1cpW55kgBOLK}, 6202: {instructions: Make the Beef and Sauce: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. and season the tenderloin with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until almost smoking. Add the roast and cook, turning often, until browned on all sides, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven and roast for 25 to 30 minutes or until a meat thermometer inserted into the center registers 130 degrees F for medium rare. Transfer the roast to a warmed platter and cover loosely with foil.nPlace the roasting skillet on top of the stove, being careful not to touch the hot handle with bare hands. Add the wine, shallots, and dried tarragon and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook rapidly, stirring to pick up any browned bits in the bottom of the skillet, until reduced to 14 cup. Add the cornichons, cream and any meat juices that have accumulated on the platter. Simmer for 3 minutes longer. Reduce the heat to low and whisk in the butter, mustard, fresh tarragon, and salt and pepper, to taste. Cut the beef crosswise into 14inch thick slices. Decoratively arrange the beef, sauce, and garnish on a large platter. Serve hot or at room temperature.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil in a heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook mustard seeds, stirring, until they pop and are 1 shade darker, about 2 minutes. Transfer oil with seeds to a large bowl.nSimmer vinegar and sugar in a small saucepan, stirring, until sugar is dissolved, then cool 5 minutes.nHeat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in cleaned skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook onion, stirring, until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in vinegar, then add to mustard oil in large bowl.nHave ready a large bowl of ice and cold water.nCook beans in a pot of boiling salted water until crisptender, about 5 minutes. Drain in a colander and plunge into ice water to stop cooking, then drain well.nToss beans with vinaigrette and salt and pepper, to taste. Serve at room temperature or chilled., ingredients: [1 4pound beef tenderloin roast, trimmed and tied, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cups dry white wine, 4 medium shallots, minced, 4 teaspoons dried tarragon, 16 cornichons French pickles or dill gherkins, julienned, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 4 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 4 teaspoons minced fresh tarragon leaves, Green Beans with Red Onion and Mustard Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Roasted cauliflower florets, as needed, Roasted halved new potatoes tossed with olive oil and chopped rosemary leaves, as needed, Roasted baby carrots tossed with butter and chopped chives, as needed, Roasted cherry or grape tomatoes, as needed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons mustard seeds, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 1 12 pounds green beans, trimmed], title: Roast Tenderloin of Beef with Cornichon Tarragon Sauce, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 6203: {instructions: Prepare an outdoor grill with a mediumhigh fire. Without removing the shells, slit about 34 of the way through the shrimp down the ridged back and remove the vein that runs down the center. Rinse and pat the shrimp dry. Whisk thyme leaves, lime juice, 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, 12 teaspoon of the salt and black pepper, to taste, in a shallow nonreactive bowl or dish. Lay the shrimp cut side down in the lime mixture and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nIn a food processor, pulse the garlic, jalapeno, scallions, remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and remaining 12 teaspoon salt to make a coarse paste. Add the cilantro and pulse just enough to incorporate into the mixture. Spoon the mixture into the opening in the shrimp and close the shrimp. Grill the shrimp shell side down to keep filling from falling out for 3 minutes. Turn to the other shell side, cover, and grill another 2 minutes or until the shrimp turn pink and are slightly firm to the touch. Sprinkle with salt and serve.nJumbo shrimp in the shell can be a knife and fork sort of deal unless youre outside and its summer and you are feeling very relaxed. Serve these with lots of napkins if your crowd is the peelandeat type., ingredients: [8 jumbo shrimp, in the shell about 1 14 pounds, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped, Juice of 2 limes about 14 cup, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 12 large jalapeno, with seeds, 2 scallions white and green parts, 1 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Jumbo Shrimp Stuffed with Cilantro and Chiles, picturelink: qLxsEbG0OFtvGhBxxoigjV7KVr0E6xe}, 6204: {instructions: Cook the chicken and garlic in a 10inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until its well browned, stirring often. Remove the chicken from the skillet.nAdd the stock, tomatoes, Italian seasoning and rice to the skillet and heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook for 15 minutes.nStir in the cheese. Return the chicken to the skillet. Cover and cook for 5 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through and the rice is tender., ingredients: [1 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into strips, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 34 cup Swansonu00ae Chicken Stock, 1 tablespoon canned diced tomatoes, drained, 12 teaspoon Italian seasoning, crushed, 34 cup uncooked regular longgrain white rice, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Italiano Chicken and Rice, picturelink: Hw5w68jy.X6mdxcbwIMSzAyOM54VOZu}, 6205: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper.nPour the maple syrup into a shallow bowl and give each bacon slice both sides a generous dip in the syrup. Lay the bacon on the prepared baking sheet, and sprinkle it with black pepper. Bake for 20 minutes. Flip the bacon over and bake until it is crisp at the edges and caramelized on the bottom, another 10 to 15 minutes.nRemove the baking sheet from the oven. Nudge the bacon slices to unmoor them from the baking sheet, and let cool for a minute to firm up. Transfer to a long platter to serve., ingredients: [14 cup maple syrup, 12 slices goodquality thickcut bacon, Coarsely ground black pepper], title: MapleLacquered Bacon, picturelink: hz70mjyVAIxelgRZgMOCTSHn3fcOvki}, 6206: {instructions: Make topping: Peel, core, and quarter apples.nIn a well seasoned 10 14 by 2inch cast iron skillet melt butter over moderately low heat just until melted butter should not separate. Stir in sugar until combined well. Arrange apple quarters decoratively, cut sides up, in skillet and sprinkle walnuts evenly between apples. Cook mixture, undisturbed, 25 to 35 minutes, or until the apples are tender in centers and sugar is a golden caramel.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees.nMake cake batter while topping is cooking: Peel apple and chop fine.nIn a bowl whisk together flour, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon.nIn another bowl with an electric mixture beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in vanilla and gingerroot and add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in sour cream and with mixer on low speed beat in flour mixture gradually until just combined. Fold chopped apple into batter.nRemove skillet from heat and spoon batter evenly over topping. With a metal spatula spread batter being careful not to disturb topping, leaving a 14inch border of cooked apples uncovered. If using a nonstick stick skillet with a plastic handle, wrap handle in a double thickness of foil. Put skillet in a shallow baking pan and bake cake in middle of oven 25 to 35 minutes, or until a tester comes out with crumbs adhering and cake is golden brown. Cool cake in skillet on a rack 10 minutes. Run a thin knife around edge of skillet and carefully invert cake onto a plate.nServe cake warm or at room temperature with caramel sauce and whipped cream., ingredients: [3 to 3 12 Golden Delicious apples about 1 12 pounds, 1 12 sticks 34 cup unsalted butter, 23 cup sugar, 12 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 12 Golden Delicious apple, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 23 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh gingerroot, 2 large eggs, 12 cup sour cream, Calvados caramel sauce recipe follows, Whipped cream], title: Apple Walnut UpsideDown Cake with Calvados Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 6207: {instructions: Place ice, passion fruit nectar, vodka, halfandhalf, Cointreau, orange juice, and coconut cream, if using, in a blender. Blend until smooth. Adjust consistency by adding more ice or juice as needed. Garnish with passion fruit seeds, and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups small ice cubes, 1 cup passion fruit nectar, 14 cup vodka, 14 cup halfandhalf, 2 tablespoons Cointreau, Splash orange juice, Splash coconut cream optional, Fresh passion fruit seeds, for garnish], title: Passion Fruit Vodka Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 6208: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a saucepan and bring to boil. Reduce heat to mediumlow and simmer, covered, for 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Let stand covered for 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups converted longgrain rice recommended: Uncle Bens, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes recommended: Hunts, 1 4ounce can diced green chiles recommended: Ortega, 2 tablespoons chipotle taco seasoning recommended: Ortega, 3 13 cups water], title: Smoky Spanish Rice, picturelink: wCgYBf1kVN0ubVva..IGucW6muWOEye}, 6209: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 6inch bamboo skewers a meat poundernLay out a 15inchlong piece of plastic wrap on a cutting board and drizzle it with a little olive oil. Lay a butterflied chicken breast, cut side up, on the plastic wrap. Fold the plastic wrap over to cover. Using a meat pounder, pound out the thicker parts of the breast so that its uniformly thick. Fold the plastic wrap open and brush the chicken breast with the molasses season with generous pinches of fennel, salt and pepper. This will be the inside part of the breast that gets stuffed. Fold the plastic wrap back over and flip the breast over. Fold plastic wrap open and season the other side of the breast with salt and pepper. This is the outside that will later get seared in the pan. Recover with the plastic wrap and place on a plate. Repeat this process with the remaining chicken breasts. Refrigerate for 1 hour or up to overnight.nHeat the 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, season with salt and pepper, and saute until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and pecans, and cook another 2 minutes. Add the tarragon and cook another minute. Taste and adjust the seasoning if necessary. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature.nRemove a butterflied breast from the plastic wrap. Place it on a cutting board, molassesside up. Place 14 cup of the filling on half of the chicken breast. Fold over the other half to enclose the filling. Using a bamboo skewer, close up the opening by threading the skewer through one end of the opening to the other to secure. Repeat with the remaining chicken breasts and filling.nHeat the canola oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the stuffed chicken breasts and cook for about 3 minutes per side, until nicely browned. Add the wine, chicken broth and crushed tomatoes. Turn down the heat to low, cover, and poach until the chicken is cooked through, another 8 minutes.nTransfer the chicken to a plate, remove the skewers, cover the chicken with foil and let rest for 5 minutes. While chicken is resting, turn up the heat on the poaching liquid to medium, add the crushed red pepper, and let simmer until thickened and reduced by a third, about 5 minutes. Taste and adjust the seasoning if necessary. Strain the sauce into a small pot and keep warm over low heat until ready to serve.nTo serve: Slice the chicken, if desired, and arrange on a serving platter. Pour some sauce over the top. Serve immediately, with extra sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus for drizzling, 4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves 6 to 7 ounces each, butterflied, 1 tablespoon molasses, mixed with 2 teaspoons hot water, 1 teaspoon ground fennel, Salt and fresh ground pepper, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup pecans, toasted, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 3 tablespoons vegetable or canola oil, 1 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken broth, Half 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper], title: PecanStuffed Chicken Breast, picturelink: F.xqvGCrucRBbQMvIzK6N2rw56Hui}, 6210: {instructions: In a small pot, loosen the almond butter over low heat, then add the stock, hoisin, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, Sriracha and lime juice, season with black pepper, bring to a bubble and simmer to let sauce thicken and flavors combine.nHeat the oil over high heat in a large skillet. Add the leeks or onions, celery, carrots, chiles and snap peas and stirfry to tendercrisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the water chestnuts and toss to combine. Add the sauce and chicken and toss to combine. Season with salt to taste. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat quickly over mediumhigh heat when you are ready to serve.nTo serve, cook the rice to package directions. Toast the almonds in a small pan until golden and fragrant.nServe the chicken with the rice sprinkle with the almonds.nPlace the chicken in a large stockpot. Add the celery, carrot, onion, garlic, lemon, bay leaf, peppercorns and the herb bundle season with salt. Cover the chicken with water and bring to a boil reduce the heat to a low, rolling simmer. Simmer 60 to 75 minutes, then cool the chicken in its stock. Strain the stock. Remove the chicken in large pieces from the skin and bones. Cut half of the meat into bitesize chunks. Thinly slice or pull the remaining meat., ingredients: [14 cup almond butter, 12 cup chicken stockpoaching liquid from Poached Chicken, recipe follows, 14 to 13 cup hoisin sauce, 14 to 13 cup lowsodium soy sauce or liquid aminos, 1inch piece ginger root, grated, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 1 to 2 tablespoons Sriracha, optional, Juice of 1 lime, Black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable or stirfry oil, 2 medium leeks or 1 yellow onion, halved and sliced 14inch thick, 3 to 4 ribs celery, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced on an angle, 2 carrots, peeled and sliced into matchsticks, 1 to 2 red long, jalapeno or Fresno chiles, thinly sliced, 12 pound sugar snap peas or defrosted whole snap peas, thinly sliced on an angle, 1 can sliced water chestnuts, drained, About 1 12 pounds cooked Poached Chicken, recipe follows, pulled or thinly sliced, Salt to taste, 1 cup white or brown rice, cooked to package directions, About 14 cup sliced or slivered almonds, One 4to 5pound chicken, 2 ribs celery, coarsely chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 onion, peeled and quartered, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, Herb bundle of parsley, rosemary and thyme tied with a string, Salt], title: Spicy Almond Chicken and Rice, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 6211: {instructions: Heat 14 cup sugar, the lemon juice and 14 cup water in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and stir in the almond extract.nBrush both sides of each slice of cake with the syrup. Cut the slices into 1inch cubes.nBeat the remaining 23 cup sugar and the cream cheese with a mixer on medium speed until smooth and light. Add the cream and beat on mediumhigh speed until smooth and the consistency of whipped cream.nArrange half of the cake cubes in the bottom of a 13cup trifle dish. Sprinkle evenly with a layer of blueberries. Dollop half of the cream mixture over the blueberries and gently spread. Top with a layer of strawberries. Layer the remaining cake cubes on top of the strawberries, then sprinkle with more blueberries and top with the remaining cream mixture. Finish with the remaining strawberries and blueberries, arranging them in a decorative pattern. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [14 cup plus 23 cup sugar, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 1 premade angel food cake, cut into 1inch slices, 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 cups heavy cream, at room temperature, 2 pints blueberries, 2 pints strawberries, hulled and sliced], title: Patriotic Berry Trifle, picturelink: AxIWz.AoSvh02l.cZqnzWFzScEO6lSO}, 6212: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the chocolate fruits: Use a ladle to fill a fruit mold with white chocolate. When it is full, empty it into the bowl of chocolate. The inside of the mold should be evenly coated with chocolate. Wipe the edge of the mold clean on the side of the bowl and place it upside down on a wire rack placed over a baking sheet. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the edge clean with a paring knife. Repeat to make as many fruits as you will need for your centerpiece. For my centerpiece, I used lemons, pears, oranges, bananas, pineapples and apples. When the chocolate has set, remove the fruits from the molds.nMake the leaves: Use a pastry brush dipped in white chocolate to coat one side of the plastic leaf. Allow the chocolate to set and then peel off the plastic leaf. Repeat to make as many leaves as you would like. Use the same technique to make smaller leaves for the pineapple stem.nAssemble the pineapple stem. I used a plastic dome mold to give my pineapple stem its final shape. You could also use a small glass bowl. Place a small dollop of white chocolate in the bottom of the mold. Add leaves resting the ends in the chocolate and the tops along the side of the bowl. Add another layer. Continue this process to make as big of a stem as you like. When the chocolate has set, pop the stem out of the mold.nPaint the fruit and the leaves: If you use an airbrush, simply place a few drops of color in the receptacle of the airbrush and decorate as you are inspired. Use an airbrush to paint the pineapple stem and the leaves green. Use tempered chocolate to adhere the stem to the top of the pineapple. Paint each of the fruit, as you are inspired to do so.nMake a base: Place metal rulers on a parchment paper lined surface so they form an open space that measures about 24u00bd by 16 inches. If you donu00bft have metal rulers, you could also use modeling clay or wood rulers. Place a very large cake ring or a round of aluminum flashing that is 13u00bd inches in diameter inside the space. Pour tempered dark chocolate inside the ring and open space to form a 12inchthick layer. When the chocolate has set, remove the ring and the rulers and peel off the parchment paper. The ring is inside but separate from the rest of the base so you can move the finished cornucopia to any position.nMake the base supports: Place metal rulers on a parchment paper lined surface so they form an open square that measures about 8 inches. Pour tempered chocolate inside the space to form a 12inchthick layer. When the chocolate begins to set but is not yet hard, use a knife to cut a line that resembles 3 half circles end to end. The curves in this piece match the curves in the mold of the cornucopia. When we are ready to set the cornucopia in place, it will rest on these triangles. When the chocolate has set, remove the rulers and peel off the parchment paper.nMake the chocolate cornucopia: The mold I used was about 12 inches wide and 30 inches long. Use a ladle to pour some chocolate into 1 half of the mold. Use a pastry brush to distribute the chocolate over the entire mold. You may want to repeat this step so the finished piece is about 38inch thick. Repeat with the other half of the mold. Clip the 2 halves of the mold together. Place the mold inside a box and pour chocolate inside of it. Rotate the mold so the chocolate evenly coats the inside. Pour the excess chocolate back into the mold and place the mold upside down on a wire rack placed over a baking sheet. When the chocolate is set, remove the mold.nStand the cornucopia on its open end. Use tempered chocolate to adhere the triangular base pieces to the cornucopia. Position them so they will support the cornucopia when it is standing in its final position.nPrepare the paint sprayer: Place equal amounts of dark chocolate and cocoa butter over a double boiler and melt until smooth with no lumps. Place the cornucopia in the freezer for about 20 minutes. The surface of the chocolate must be chilled so the chocolate coating will harden upon contact, giving it the desired texture.nRemove the cornucopia from the freezer and place on a flat surface. Place the chocolate mixture in a clean paint sprayer and use it to spray the dessert with the chocolate. Tip: Cleanup will be easier if you use a cardboard box as a backdrop to the mold when you spray it. Spray the chocolate with the sprayer to give it a chocolate velvet texture.nFill the fruits: Use a piping bag or offset spatula or spoon to fill each fruit mold with the appropriate sorbet flavor. Fill completely and place into the molded chocolate fruit back in the freezer until ready to use. You can also use tempered chocolate to close some of the fruit molds Tip: This process can be done 1 to 2 days in advance.nAssembly: Tip: Anything that touches the cornucopia after it has been sprayed will leave a mark. If you have to move it, place your hand well inside the mold and move it by touching only the inside. Transfer the sprayed cornucopia onto the circle of the base. You can touch the base to rotate the presentation into any position.nArrange the frozen chocolate fruits and leaves within the cornucopia.nSOURCESnCornucopia mold: Tomric PlasticsnFruit molds: Tomric PlasticsnPlastic fruit: Industrial PlasticsnPlastic leaves: floral supply storenR, ingredients: [15 pounds bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 2 pounds white chocolate, tempered, Cocoa butter, Sorbet or ice cream, to fill the fruit molds, Powdered food coloring, as desired, Cocoa butter, for spray painting], title: Chocolate Cornucopia, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 6213: {instructions: For the goat cheese filling: Mix the goat cheese, 12 cup of the cream cheese, the cream, lemon zest, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, vinegar, 2 tablespoons salt and pepper in the bowl of a mixer with a paddle attachment. Mix on mediumlow speed until well blended and creamy. Remove half of the goat cheese filling to a separate bowl and add in the remaining 12 cup cream cheese. Set aside and chill for the cheesy chicken bonbons.nFor the salmon stuffed endive: Add the salmon, the remaining 1 tablespoon lemon juice, the dill and parsley to the first half of the goat cheese filling. Mix to combine well. Check the seasoning you may want to add some salt or pepper but that will depend on the flavor your salmon has.nTransfer the filling into a ziptop bag and cut the tip to make a medium opening, or use a pastry bag with a medium tip. The filling is dense so you need a larger opening to pipe it. You can also use a spoon to fill the endive but piping is faster. Pipe the mixture onto the tip of the endive. Keep the endive chilled until serving time.nTo serve, garnish with a bit of lemon zest, a sprinkle of toasted almonds and a bit of the salmon roe if using on top.nFor the chicken bonbons: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the chicken thighs on a baking sheet. Drizzle with the olive oil and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Roast in the oven for 35 minutes. Reduce the heat to 325 degrees F and roast for 10 minutes more about 15 minutes per pound cooking time, depending on the size of the thighs. To check doneness, pierce the thigh in the thickest part if the juices run clear, it is likely done. Set aside to cool. Remove the chicken from the bone and mince not too fine, but not big chunks, either.nWhile the chicken is cooling, mix the sour cream, parsley, chives, dill, garlic, garlic powder, onion powder, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne and a big pinch salt into the reserved goat cheese filling. Add the chopped chicken and chill again.nSelect 15 to 20 of the animal crackers for garnish. Put 2 cups of the remaining animal crackers into a food processor and pulse to make them into fine crumbs. Pour the crumbs onto a plate. Using a very small ice cream scoop so you have consistent size, scoop the chicken mixture and roll into small balls. Roll in the crumbs and garnish with an animal cracker. Do this final step just before serving so the cracker crumbs dont get too damp., ingredients: [1 12 cups goat cheese, at room temperature 12 ounces, 1 cup cream cheese, at room temperature 8 ounces, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 cup smoked salmon, minced, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh dill, 1 teaspoon finely minced Italian flatleaf parsley, 2 to 3 heads endive, chilled about 24 leaves, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 1 12 ounces salmon roe, for garnish, optional, 10 bonein chicken thighs, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup fresh Italian flatleaf parsley leaves, finely minced you can use dried parsley but use less, Dash Worcestershire sauce, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 large package animal crackers, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh chives, 1 teaspoon finely minced fresh dill, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon white vinegar], title: Endive Stuffed with Goat Cheese and Smoked Salmon and Cheesy Chicken BonBons, picturelink: null}, 6214: {instructions: Tenderize the chicken breast by pounding flat with a mallet. Sprinkle thyme, cilantro, and pimientos over chicken breast. Arrange celery on top of chicken.nIn a food processor, combine boiled dasheen and smoked herring until well mixed. Spread mixture over chicken breast. Arrange red onions and plantain slices over top. Roll up chicken breast into a pinwheel shape and secure with toothpicks. Coat with beaten egg and roll in shredded coconut.nHeat 2 inches of oil in a large, heavy Dutch oven to 350 degrees F.nFry chicken until golden brown and cooked through. Remove toothpicks before using. Cut into slices when cool and serve with TomatoStarfruit sauce.nHeat oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add all ingredients, except rum and bitters, and saute for approximately 5 minutes. Remove from heat and add rum and bitters. Cook until reduced and thickened. Serve with Breast of Chicken Santa Rosa., ingredients: [1 large boneless chicken breast, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 pimiento peppers, finely chopped, Small bunch celery leaves, 1 small dasheen, boiled, 2 ounces smoked herring, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 ripe plantain, boiled and thinly sliced, 1 egg, beaten, 12 cup shredded coconut, Vegetable oil, for frying, Tomato Starfruit Sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 medium tomato, diced, 1 medium starfruit, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 chive, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped onion, 1 pimiento pepper, diced, 2 ounces aged rum, 2 dashes angostura bitters], title: Breast of Chicken Santa Rosa, picturelink: null}, 6215: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.nSlice the bananas and place them in a greased, ovenproof, 9 by 9 inch dish.nIn a small bowl, mix the cashew nuts, peanuts, coconut, sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg.nPour the orange juice and rum over the bananas, then sprinkle them with the nut and sugar mixture. Dot the top with butter. Bake in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, until the bananas are golden and the sauce is bubbling.nServe warm with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [6 bananas, slightly underripe, 3 tablespoons chopped unsalted cashew nuts, 3 tablespoons chopped unsalted peanuts, 3 tablespoons dried coconut, 14 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Juice of 12 orange, 4 tablespoons rum, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Nutty Spiced Bananas, picturelink: null}, 6216: {instructions: Wash salad by immersing in a sinkful of cold water and swirling around. Lift greens out of sink into salad spinner or clean cotton pillowcase and spin like crazy. Fun for the whole family. Toss salad greens gently with olive oil in a large wooden bowl. Sprinkle on lemon juice and toss again. Finally, season to taste with salt and freshly ground pepper, toss again, and serve. Eat with your fingers., ingredients: [6 cups mixed baby greens, About 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon, about 2 tablespoons, Salt and freshly grated pepper to taste], title: Declans Salad with Crusty Croutons, picturelink: null}, 6217: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Metal or wooden skewersnCoat an outdoor grill or stovetop grill pan with cooking spray and preheat to mediumhigh.nSkewer steak and zucchini on separate skewers. Set aside. In a small bowl, whisk together black bean sauce, rice wine vinegar, and sesame oil. Brush mixture all over beef and zucchini. Place skewers on hot grill. Grill skewers for 5 minutes, turning once during cooking. Sprinkle sesame seeds all over skewers and grill 2 more minutes, until steak is cooked through and seeds are golden brown.nMeanwhile, cook rice according to package directions, adding bell pepper at the beginning of cooking time. Season rice, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Serve half of the beef skewers and all of the zucchini skewers over rice. Save remaining beef skewers for another meal., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 pounds sirloin steak or beef round, cut into 2inch cubes, 1 large or 2 medium zucchini, cut into 12inch rounds, 14 cup black bean sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 1 cup quickcooking brown rice, 12 cup minced red bell pepper, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Grilled Asian Beef Kebabs over Rice, picturelink: MggAyYuMW9OrkHucvp5cMEpKTcmRt.}, 6218: {instructions: Make the crust: Put the flour, sugar and fine salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal. Add 2 tablespoons ice water and pulse until the dough just comes together, adding up to 2 more tablespoons ice water if needed. Transfer to a sheet of plastic wrap and pat into a disk wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nCoat a 9inch springform pan with cooking spray. Roll out the dough into a 12inch round on a floured surface. Ease into the prepared pan and press into the bottom and up the side trim to make a 2inchhigh crust. Prick the bottom a few times with a fork refrigerate 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the doughlined pan on a baking sheet. Line the dough with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until the edges are just lightly golden, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights continue baking until the crust is lightly golden all over, 15 to 20 more minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool completely. The crust can be made a day ahead cover and store at room temperature.nMake the filling: Thinly slice the Swiss chard leaves and cut the stems into 14inch slices. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and chard stems, season with kosher salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is soft and just beginning to brown, about 10 minutes. Add the dill and lemon zest and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add the chard leaves and cook, stirring, until wilted, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the parsley, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, and pepper to taste. Let the filling cool, then squeeze out the excess moisture.nTransfer the filling to a food processor pulse until coarsely chopped. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the shredded cheddar, halfandhalf, parmesan, egg and nutmeg. Pour into the crust and bake until set, 45 to 50 minutes. Top immediately with shaved cheddar and let melt. Serve warm or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, Cooking spray, 1 bunch Swiss chard, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 cup shredded aged cheddar cheese, plus 14 cup shaved aged cheddar for topping, 12 cup halfandhalf, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg], title: Swiss Chard and Herb Tart, picturelink: ALyyoLKZWOSNWqDh2PzmB06.QMqsFKu}, 6219: {instructions: Caramel sauce: Heat the sugar in a heavy saucepan over low heat, stirring occasionally for about 7 minutes. It will slowly turn golden brown. Carefully whisk in the whipping cream. Add butter and vanilla extract and cook for 1 more minute. Can be stored up to 2 weeks, if covered tightly and refrigerated.nScoop ice cream into 4 ice cream sundae bowls. Top with the crushed cookies, chocolate chips, chopped pecans and caramel sauce., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup whipping cream, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 pints vanilla ice cream, 6 crushed chocolate sandwich cookies recommended: Oreo, 6 crushed chocolate chip cookies, 6 tablespoons chocolate chips, 14 cups chopped pecans], title: Everything But The Kitchen Sink Sundaes, picturelink: xLB3DQYLGxPhn5evVLrhHe.m7uZ5HW}, 6220: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the muffin batter: Sift together the flour, granulated sugar and baking powder. Place the flour mixture in a mixing bowl. Use a pastry cutter to mix in the butter and shortening.nMix the marmalade, orange juice and vanilla in a small bowl. Pour the marmalade mixture into the flour mixture. Pour the eggs into the bowl. Mix all ingredients together gently, using fewer than 10 large strokes.nFor the topping: Mix the granulated sugar, brown sugar, butter, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in a small bowl.nFill muffin pans with batter. Sprinkle 1 heaping teaspoon of topping ingredients over each muffin. Sprinkle 12 teaspoon wheat germ over the top for extra crunch if desired.nBake until done, 20 to 22 minutes. Remove the muffins from the pan and cool on a wire rack. Eat warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, Generous 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup shortening, 1 12 to 2 cups sweet orange marmalade use 2 cups if you like the bitter marmalade taste, less if you dont, 1 cup orange juice, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 whole eggs, beaten, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon salt, Wheat germ, for sprinkling], title: Good Morning Muffins, picturelink: xtvjolm0LLJPIv6iL1IvofAa90WPAWS}, 6221: {instructions: Oil and preheat the grill.nSeason both sides of the filets with salt and pepper. Place the filets on the grill at a 45 degree angle to establish nice grill marks. Once the filet reaches an internal temperature of 125 to 130 degrees for mediumrare, remove the steak from the grill and let rest about 5 minutes before serving.nPlate each filet with the Cabernet Peppercorn Demiglace and your favorite side dishes.nIn a saucepan over medium heat, saute mushrooms, shallots, and peppercorns in oil. When shallots are tender, deglaze with red wine and reduce by twothirds. Whisk together the reduction and demiglace until smooth. Whisk in the cream and beef base. Combine a few teaspoons of cornstarch or more as needed with a little cold water to make a slurry. Add slurry to the sauce to thicken cook for 1 minute and then remove from the heat., ingredients: [6 filet mignons, Salt, Black pepper, Cabernet Peppercorn Demiglace, recipe follows, 1 cup white mushrooms, chopped, 12 cup chopped shallots, 3 tablespoons black peppercorns, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup red wine, preferably Cabernet, 2 quarts demiglace, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon beef base, Cornstarch, as needed], title: Filet Mignon with Cabernet Peppercorn Demiglace, picturelink: cod.ts9b6m96pXvl7gOhLE.E9HjmpL.}, 6222: {instructions: Add ingredients to ice filled mixing glass, shake, strain into chilled martini glass. Top with splash of sparkling wine Bouvet., ingredients: [1ounce Alize Red Passion, 2 ounces Fresh squeezed orange juice, Splash of Bouvet], title: Alize Red Passion Brunch Martini, picturelink: null}, 6223: {instructions: To prepare the beans, put the beans in a pot, add 3 times their volume in water. Cover and cook over low heat for 1 12 to 2 hours or until the beans are tender. If needed, add more warm water.nMeanwhile, heat the lard in a large, deep, and heavy skillet, over a medium high heat. Add the onions and fry until lightly browned. Add the tomatoes, chilies, and cilantro. Add the cooked beans, salt, and beer. Continue to cook, uncovered, over low heat until the mixture thickens, about 45 minutes.nPour the hot beans into a decorative clay or ceramic serving dish. Serve with roasted meat and corn or flour tortillas., ingredients: [1 12 pounds dried pinto beans, cleaned, rinsed, and soaked overnight, in water to cover, 3 to 3 12 quarts water, 12 cup lard or vegetable oil, 2 large white onions, finely chopped, 3 large tomatoes, finely chopped, 4 serrano chilies or jalapeno chilies, finely chopped, 2 cups finely chopped cilantro, Sea salt, to taste, 2 to 3 cups dark beer], title: Frijoles Borrachos, picturelink: null}, 6224: {instructions: Make the dough: Combine the flour, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Make a well in the center and pour in the warm water. Sprinkle the sugar and yeast over the water and let stand until bubbling, 5 to 10 minutes. Pour the olive oil into the well, then stir with a wooden spoon to make a shaggy dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Place in a lightly oiled bowl, tightly cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 2 hours.nMake the pizza: One hour before baking, put a pizza stone or inverted baking sheet in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 500 degrees F. On a lightly floured surface, stretch the dough into a 12inch round. Transfer the dough to a wellfloured pizza peel or another inverted baking sheet. Dot with the ice and drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Slide the pizza onto the hot stone. Bake until the crust is golden brown and the ice melts, 12 to 13 minutes.nTransfer the pizza to a cutting board and cover with small spoonfuls of the ricotta. Sprinkle with the pecorino and pepper drizzle the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil on top and season with salt.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground pepper, 1 cup warm water about 100 degrees F, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the bowl, 12 cup ice cubes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup fresh ricotta cheese about 8 ounces, 1 cup finely grated pecorino Romano cheese about 4 ounces, 2 teaspoons coarsely ground pepper, Kosher salt], title: Cacio E Pepe Pizza, picturelink: 1xZMqhx.E4SpdmNHD5Lw9KgX6exg7Be}, 6225: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixer, beat the butter and brown sugar until blended. Beat in the egg and vanilla and almond extracts until combined. Add the flour, baking soda, and salt, and mix until combined. With a wooden spoon, mix in the apricots and white chocolate. Drop the batter by tablespoons onto ungreased cookie sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Bake until the edges are lightly brown, about 10 minutes. Cool on wire racks., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup dried apricots, coarsely chopped, 4 ounces white chocolate, coarsely chopped], title: Stephanies Apricot White Chocolate Cookies, picturelink: null}, 6226: {instructions: In a small saute pan, dry roast the cumin, coriander, and pepper until fragrant, about 2 to 3 minutes and then grind into a powder. In a food processor, puree the shallots, garlic, lemon grass, galangal, and cilantro. Add the pureed chiles, tomato paste, lime juice, shrimp paste, ground spices, and blend until smooth.nIn a heavy bottomed pot over high heat, season the duck legs with salt and pepper and sear until golden brown. Remove the duck legs and using the same pot, saute the onions until they are translucent. Add the curry paste to the onions and cook over medium heat for 4 minutes. Add the coconut milk and simmer for another 2 minutes. Return the duck legs to the pot and fill with enough water to just cover the duck. Bring to a simmer and cook for 1 12 to 2 hours until the meat falls off the bone. Remove from heat and when cool, pick all of the meat off the bones and add only the meat to the remaining broth.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the duck broth, rice, scallions, and red bell pepper. Season with the salt and pepper. Lay a banana leaf shiny side down, and place about 1 cup of the rice mixture in the center of the leaf. Fold the ends over the rice to form a sealed packed. Continue making the tamales. Using a wok or a double boiler, steam the tamales until the rice is very hot, about 10 to 15 minutes.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the corn, red onion, papaya, tomatoes, cilantro, lime juice, fish sauce, cumin, salt and pepper. Allow the mixture to sit for about 1 hour for the lime juice to soften the papaya.nTAMARIND GLAZE: 1 cup tamarind paste 14 cup sliced shallots 2 tablespoons garlic, chopped 12 cup lemon grass, sliced 2 Kaffir lime leaves 2 Thai bird chiles 12 cup crushed rock sugar 1 tablespoon whole cumin seed, toasted 2 quarts chicken stock or water Salt and pepper, to tastenIn a medium, nonreactive pot, combine the tamarind paste, shallots, garlic, lemon grass, Kaffir lime leaves, Thai bird chiles, rock sugar, cumin seed, water, salt and pepper. Simmer lightly for about one hour until the glaze is thick and syrupy. Strain and season with salt.nDUCK BREAST 4 6 12ounce duck breasts 1 cup tamarind glaze Salt and pepper, to tastenUsing a sharp knife, score the duck skin, in half inch intervals. Season the duck with the salt and pepper and place skin side down on a hot grill. Be careful of the errant flames that may flare up. Continuously brush the duck with the tamarind glaze as it cooks. Flip the duck when the skin is very golden and continue to brush with the glaze. Cook for about 7 minutes more for medium rare. Allow the duck to rest for 3 minutes before slicing.nGARNISH: Red corn tortillas Canola oil, for frying 1 teaspoon ground cumin 1 teaspoon salt 14 cup sliced scallionsnUsing a sharp knife, cut the tortilla into thin strips. Fill a fryer or medium heavy pot 13 full with oil and heat over high heat to 350 degrees. Add the tortillas and fry until crispy. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with the cumin and salt.nPLATING Place a hot tamale on each plate and make a cut down the center. Squeeze the 2 sides together, like you would to a baked potato. Thinly slice each duck breast and fan it out, skin side up, around each tamale. Place a mound of the salsa in the center between the duck and tamale, and top with the tortilla. Drizzle some of the remaining glaze around the plate and sprinkle with the sliced scallions.nWine suggestion: Bedford Thompson Cabernet Franc 1995, ingredients: [1 teaspoon cumin seed, 1 teaspoon coriander, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 12 cup sliced shallots, 4 tablespoons, chopped garlic, 14 cup lemon grass, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons galangal, finely chopped, 12 cup cilantro leaves, chopped, 8 Thai bird chiles, soaked in hot water for 15 minutes and pureed, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 limes, juiced, 1 teaspoon shrimp paste, 4 duck legs, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 cup onion, chopped, 1 cup red curry paste, 6 ounces coconut milk, 3 cups cooked short grain rice, 12 cup sliced scallion greens, 14 cup red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 4 6 by 6inch pieces banana leaves, 1 12 cups grilled fresh corn kernels, 12 cup red onions, julienned, 1 cup green papaya, julienned, 1 cup tomatoes, cut in small dice, 14 cup cilantro, chopped, 4 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Tamarind Glazed Duck Breast with Thai Red Curry Tamale Green Papaya and Corn Salsa, picturelink: null}, 6227: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the strawberries in a bowl.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, sugar, salt and pepper. Let stand for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally to completely dissolve the sugar.nPour the marinade over the berries and gently toss to coat.nDivide the biscotti pieces into 4 bowls. Spoon the berries and some of the marinade over each and top with a dollop of marscarpone. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups strawberries, stemmed and quartered, 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 cup superfine sugar, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, and freshly ground black pepper, 6 large Italian biscotti, broken into small pieces, 4 ounces marscarpone cheese, stirred to a smooth consistency], title: Marinated Pazzo Berries with Balsamic Vinegar, picturelink: EWtAt.AJ57fAY3PmLWUSelxuUmOoYg6}, 6228: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the flour, sugar, rosemary, salt, and Parmesan into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until combined. Add the butter and pulse just until a soft dough forms the dough should hold together when squeezed with your hands. If not, add the water and pulse until combined.nSpread a large sheet of plastic wrap on a work surface and transfer the dough onto it. Using the plastic wrap as a guide, form the dough into a loose log along 1 edge of the long side of the sheet. Roll the dough log, twisting the plastic gathered at the ends in opposite directions until the log is tight and compact, about 2 12 inches in diameter. Chill in the refrigerator until firm, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats. Slice the dough log into 13inch thick slices and arrange on the lined sheets, about 1inch apart. Bake until the edges are just beginning to brown, 12 to 14 minutes.nCool the shortbread on the pan for 5 minutes then transfer to wire racks to cool completely. Store the shortbread in an airtight container at room temperature until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon water, if needed], title: Rosemary Parmesan Shortbread, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 6229: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boilfor your egg noodles. When it boils, salt the water and cook noodles to al dente.nPreheat a large, deep skillet over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, and bacon or turkey bacon. Render the bacon fat 2 to 3 minutes, until bacon begins to brown at edges. Add meat and brown it, crumbling it with a wooden spoon. Move the meat over to 1 side of the pan and add mushrooms and onions to the opposite side. Cook mushrooms and onions 3 to 5 minutes, then combine the meat with veggies and season the mixture liberally with salt and pepper, then sprinkle in the ground thyme or poultry seasoning. Cook another 5 minutes then add wine. Deglaze the pan, lifting up pan drippings and bits. Stir in stock and bring to a bubble, then stir in cream and reduce the heat to low. Add nutmeg to sauce and stir. Taste to adjust seasonings.nPreheat broiler to high. Combine noodles with turkey and sauce. Grease a casserole dish with a little softened butter nested in a piece of paper towel then transfer the turkey noodle mixture to the dish. Top the casserole with Gruyere then bread crumbs. Place the casserole 8 to 10 inches from the broiler and brown 2 to 3 minutes until cheese is melted and the crumbs are brown. Remove from oven and garnish the casserole with parsley., ingredients: [12 pound extra wide egg noodles, Salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 3 slices bacon or turkey bacon, chopped, 1 13 pound, the average weight of 1 package, ground turkey breast, 1 pound white mushrooms, wiped, trimmed and sliced, 1 medium onion, chopped, Black pepper, 2 teaspoons dried thyme or poultry seasoning, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, available on soup aisle, eyeball it, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 turns of the pan, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons softened butter, 2 cups grated Gruyere, about an 8ounce brick, 1 cup plain bread crumbs, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves], title: Turkey Noodle Casserole, picturelink: vQrM333oh9xwQ.P2U7HrZnMBZb8x8e}, 6230: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the arugula leaves to a medium bowl. Core and slice the pear into 18inch thick slices and add to arugula.nIn another small bowl, whisk together vinegar, mustard, olive oil, and shallot. Season with salt and pepper.nToss the arugula and pears with the dressing. Divide the salad between the plates and top with the toasted walnuts. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 medium bunch arugula, washed and stemmed, 1 Bosc pear, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 2 heaping teaspoons whole grain Dijon mustard, 13 cup olive oil, 1 shallot, minced, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup walnuts halves, toasted], title: Arugula and Pear Salad with Dijon Sherry Vinaigrette, picturelink: XM7JZorhkTDSva475a42Ey5rRvVPyKC}, 6231: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven. Place a large castiron baking dish or a rimmed baking sheet on the rack and preheat to 500 degrees F. Put the potatoes, garlic, olive oil, 1 tablespoon water and 12 teaspoon salt in a large microwavesafe baking dish and toss to coat. Cover with plastic wrap, pierce the plastic in a few places with a knife and microwave 8 minutes to partially cook.nMeanwhile, pat the chicken dry and transfer to a bowl. Sprinkle with the paprika, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Add 2 tablespoons parsley and the lemon juice toss to coat. Set aside.nRemove the hot baking dish from the oven carefully add the potatoes and spread in an even layer. Scatter the onions on top. Roast until the potatoes start to brown, about 12 minutes.nFlip the potatoes and lay the chicken pieces on top, adding any accumulated juices from the bowl return to the oven and roast until the potatoes are tender and the chicken is cooked through, about 12 more minutes. Remove from the oven and top with the remaining 2 tablespoons parsley. Serve with the lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 12 pounds large Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 4 cloves garlic, smashed and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs 5 to 6 thighs, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, Freshly ground pepper, 4 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley, 2 lemons 1 juiced, 1 cut into wedges, 2 large or 3 medium red onions, halved and thinly sliced], title: Spanish Chicken and Potato Roast, picturelink: eUbBuvp6ZUappw9wcOF61NYTC65LpMW}, 6232: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWorking in 2 batches, blend the chocolate liqueur with ice cream and chocolate milk until thick but smooth. Pour shakes into tall glasses and garnish with whipped cream. Use a vegetable peeler to shave dark chocolate on top. Serve 2 large stem berries alongside for dunking and serve with straws and long spoons on plates to catch the drips, ingredients: [8 shots chocolate cream liqueur recommended: Baileys, 12 scoops chocolate ice cream, 4 cups chocolate milk, Whipped cream, canister, 1 dark chocolate bar, for garnishing, 8 large stem strawberries, rinsed and dried], title: Tipsy TripleChocolate Shakes and Strawberries, picturelink: KGX9bDhPq7LmNT4kQW4q6nqgJvtDSNi}, 6233: {instructions: Special equipment: Four 4ounce icepop molds or six 3ounce molds, 4 or 6 icepop sticksnBring the sugar and 14 cup water to a simmer in a small saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is completely melted, about 5 minutes. Turn off the heat, add the basil and stir until completely wilted. Let cool completely at room temperature, at least 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, finely mince the chile seeded for less heat, if desired. Add the salt to the minced chile, and run your knife through the mixture several times until the salt starts to turn light pink set aside.nPut the watermelon and lime juice in a blender. Strain the basil syrup into the blender, pressing the basil in the strainer with the back of a spoon to extract as much flavor as possible discard the basil. Puree the watermelon mixture until completely smooth, scraping down the sides of the blender partway through if needed. Transfer the mixture to a large liquid measuring cup with a pouring spout.nPour the mixture into the icepop molds, leaving 14 inch of space at the top the mixture will expand. Insert the sticks. Freeze until solid, 5 hours to overnight. Unmold, and sprinkle 1 or both sides of the pops with the chili salt, depending on how spicy you want your pops. Serve immediately with any remaining chili salt on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 13 cup sugar, 1 large bunch Thai basil, stems and leaves roughly chopped about 1 cup, 1 red Thai bird chile, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 3 cups 1inch cubes watermelon], title: Watermelon, Chili and Basil Ice Pops, picturelink: 5ZxmZlZJSZPEJOA6qexPqz0LwLCCHG}, 6234: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine the chopped herbs with the garlic, crushed red pepper, a generous pinch of salt, and enough olive oil to make a paste. Brush the paste on the outside of the pork rib roast.nToss the onions with olive oil and salt and place in the bottom of a roasting pan. Add the thyme, bay leaves, and twothirds of the cider. Place the pork on top of the onions and place in the oven. Roast the pork until it has developed a lovely brown crust, 20 to 25 minutes. Check on the pork and stir the onions and cider if they are starting to burn. Add more cider when the level starts to go down.nLower the oven to 375 degrees F and roast until an instantread thermometer reads 150 degrees F, 30 to 35 minutes. If the crust on the pork starts to get too dark, cover it with foil. Remove 1 12 cups of the cider from the bottom of the roasting pan and reserve for the applesauce.nLet the pork rest for at least 15 minutes before carving. When ready to carve, remove the pork from the bone and cut the loin into thin slices. Serve with the onions braised in cider and Chunky Applesauce.nMelt the butter in a saucepan large enough to accommodate the apples. Add the apples and saute over mediumlow heat until the apples start to soften. Add the reserved cider, apple cider, and cinnamon and cook over mediumlow heat until most of the cider has evaporated and the apples are cooked and very soft.nAdd the heavy cream and walnuts and cook until the cream has reduced by half. The end result should be a very chunky, sweetsavory applesauce., ingredients: [2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves roughly chopped, 2 sprigs fresh sage, leaves roughly chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Pinch crushed red pepper, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 6chop pork rib roast, 2 large onions, sliced, 1 bundle fresh thyme, tied with string, 3 bay leaves, 2 quarts apple cider, divided, Chunky Applesauce, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons butter, 4 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and cut into 12inch chunks toss the apples in lemon juice if not using right away, 1 12 cups reserved cider from Roasted Pork Loin with Cider, 14 cup apple cider, 1 pinch ground cinnamon, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup walnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped], title: Roasted Pork Loin with Cider and Chunky Applesauce, picturelink: IoW6VGfsMWB133b3.XiheQjbejJphm}, 6235: {instructions: Heat a medium size saute pan over medium heat. When the pan is hot, add the butter, then quickly add the blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, strawberries and vanilla beans. Remove the pan from the flame and carefully add the Grand Marnier. Then slowly return the pan back to the flame,be careful, as the pan will light up into a flame. Add the oranges and honey. Cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat. Meanwhile, place the pound cake in the center of 4 plates, top with ice cream. Then spoon fruits on top. Garnish with mint sprigs., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 12 pint blueberries, 12 pint red raspberries, 12 pint blackberries, 12 pint strawberries sliced, 2 vanilla beans split and cut in half, 2 ounces Grand Marnier, 1 orange segments only, 3 tablespoons honey, 4 slices pound cake, 4 scoops of your favorite ice cream, 4 mint sprigs], title: Flambee of Seasonal Fruits with Pound Cake and Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 6236: {instructions: To make the brandade: In a large, heavy saucepan, warm the olive oil over low heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring for about 3 minutes, or until the aroma is released. Add the flaked cod and stir vigorously for about 1 minute, until it is well broken up. Add the mashed potato and cream and continue stirring energetically. Stir in the lemon juice and the pepper taste for salt but, since the cod is salty to begin with, it will probably not need any more.nWork the mixture until it a very fluffy consistency. Keep the brandade warm in the top of a double boiler, covered, over slightly simmering water while you make the blinis.nTo make the blinis: In a medium saucepan full of boiling water, cook the corn for 2 minutes. Drain well and dry on paper towels. In a large heavy skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the shallot and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, stirring, until it is softened and slightly golden. Add the corn, cover and cook for about 4 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the corn is tender.nAdd the cream and bring to the boil. Cook until the mixture is almost dry, about 5 minutes. Scrape the mixture into a blender and puree until very smooth, scraping down the sides of the container as necessary. Press the mixture through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on the solids to extract all the flavor and juices. Discard the solids. In the clean blender, combine the egg, egg yolk, salt, white pepper, and flour. Blend until smooth, add the milk and the corn puree and blend again. Transfer the batter to a large measuring cup and stir in the parsley.nIn a large castiron skillet, heat 1 teaspoon of the vegetable oil over medium heat until very hot. Make the blini by pouring about 2 tablespoons of batter into the pan for each one, and cook for about 1 minute on each side they should each be 4 inches in diameter you will probably only be able to fit 2 in the pan each time. Transfer the blini to a plate in a warm oven as they are done and continue making blini, adding a teaspoon of oil to the pan for each batch, until you have used all the batter. Place one or two blini on each of 6 warm plates and place a large dollop of brandade on one side of each. Fold over the other side to cover. Drizzle the crepes with some of the crema and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pound salt cod, prepared as in the above recipe through the flaking stage, 13 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium red rose potato, peeled, halved, boiled until very soft, and mashed, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 12 teaspoons lemon juice, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 14 cups fresh or frozen corn kernels about 4 large ears, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 medium shallot, minced, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 large egg, 1 large egg yolk, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 3 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 cup Crema recipe below, for serving], title: Corn Blinis Filled with Brandade, picturelink: null}, 6237: {instructions: Melt butter in large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add diced onion and saute until just translucent. Add entire can of diced tomatoes including juice. Add 2 tablespoons of your favorite hot sauce more or less depending upon your desired level of spicyheat and that of the hotsauce and reduce heat to mediumlow. Add entire can of pureed pumpkin, 3 tablespoons powdered curry seasoning, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, and 14 cup vegetable broth. Cook uncovered 20 minutes or until a yogurtlike consistency is achieved. Add 1 teaspoon powdered cayenne pepper more or less such that desired spiceheat level is obtained and salt and pepper to taste. Finally add 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil and remove from heat. Allow to cool. Use an immersion blender to puree until tomato and onion pieces are thoroughly incorporatednUse immediately or store in refrigerator in sealed airtight containernThis sauce is great for grilled vegetables, fish, and whitemeat our favorite is to use it on grilled sliced eggplant. Apply liberally and right from the beginning on fastgrilling foods like fish or thinly sliced vegetables and meats, apply about 12 way through the cooking time for each side for longer grilling foods. A slight charring is okay and adds to the flavor, ingredients: [14 stick butter, 1 small diced yellow onion, 1 can diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons favorite hotsauce, Approximately 1 15 ounce can pureed pure pumpkin NOT pumpkin pie filling, 3 tablespoons powdered curry seasoning, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 cup vegetable broth, 1 teaspoon powdered cayenne pepper, Salt pepper to taste, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil], title: Spicy PumpkinCurry Crazy Sauce, picturelink: null}, 6238: {instructions: Cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until package directions for al dente. Drain well and cool.nAdd the artichoke hearts, mozzarella, pepperoni, tomatoes, pepperoncini and basil to a large bowl. Stir in the pasta.nWhisk together the garlic, red wine vinegar, and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Toss the dressing with the pasta., ingredients: [1 pound tricolor corkscrew pasta, 1 12ounce jar marinated quartered artichoke hearts, drained, 8 ounces smoked mozzarella, cubed, 18ounce link spicy pepperoni, cubed, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons chopped jarred pepperoncini, 1 large handful fresh basil leaves, torn, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Italian Pasta Salad, picturelink: U6cLA41buFe6BmtwuxJk5rEhPgz1aW}, 6239: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nToss the apples with the sugar, cinnamon, and cornstarch until well coated. Place in a 9 by 12inch baking dish.nPut the flour, brown sugar, and butter in a food processor, and pulse until crumbly. Add the nuts and pulse, to coarsely chop them. Place the topping onto the apples and bake for 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve warm., ingredients: [8 granny smith apples, peeled, cored, and sliced, 34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 34 cup flour, 1 cup brown sugar, 34 cup butter, 12 cup walnuts], title: Apple Crisp, picturelink: null}, 6240: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a Dutch oven or large heavybottomed pot. Add the whole potatoes, salt, and pepper, and toss well. Cover the pot tightly and cook over low heat for 20 to 30 minutes, until the potatoes are just tender when tested with a small knife. From time to time, shake the pot without removing the lid to prevent the bottom potatoes from burning. Turn off the heat and allow the potatoes to steam for another 5 minutes. Dont overcook. Toss with the dill, and serve hot., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 14 pounds fingerling potatoes, rinsed but not peeled, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh dill], title: Dill Fingerling Potatoes, picturelink: 0l1CIKjxnyE1FDZcdMHyEtFx.d6vW}, 6241: {instructions: To make the Newburg sauce, combine the flour, paprika, curry powder, nutmeg, cayenne, and salt, to taste, in a small bowl and set aside. Melt the butter in a large saucepan over low heat. Add the shallot and cook for 3 minutes until it begins to brown. While the shallot is cooking, bring the milk and tomato paste to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat be careful not to let it boil over. Add the flour mixture to the browned shallot and stir until mixed well with the butter. Add the sherry and whisk until smooth. Add the hot milk mixture to the flour mixture slowly, whisking constantly until the mix is creamy and thick. Remove from heat and set aside. Put the water, salt, bay leaves and peppercorns in a large saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Add the scallops and boil for 3 minutes. Remove immediately and set aside. Do the same with the shrimp and lobster tail meat. Add the cooked shell fish to the Newburg sauce and bring to a simmer over low heat. Serve over white rice, garnished with the Gremolata and a side of Sea Salt Roasted Asparagus. If serving the Newburg on a large platter, arrange the asparagus around the platter edges.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Trim the ends off the asparagus and toss the spears with the olive oil in a mixing bowl. Put the asparagus onto a sheet pan, sprinkle with the salt and put in the preheated oven until they begin to brown, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven and divide evenly among the 4 dinner plates. Yield: 4 to 6 servingsnMix all of the ingredients together in a small bowl. Refrigerate until ready to use. Yield: 12 cup, ingredients: [4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon paprika, 12 teaspoon curry powder, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Pinch cayenne, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 shallot, minced, 2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup dry sherry, 4 cups water, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 bay leaves, 10 black peppercorns, 1 pound sea scallops, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 pound lobster tail meat, Gremolata for garnish, recipe follows, Sea Salt Roasted Asparagus, recipe follows, steamed longgrain white rice, 2 pounds asparagus, 3 to 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons sea salt, 4 tablespoons flatleaf parsley, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, Pinch salt], title: Seafood Newburg, picturelink: null}, 6242: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a large, straightsided saute pan with olive oil and heat over medium heat. Add the spinach, cover and saute until gently wilted. Remove the spinach from the pan to a colander set inside a bowl to let the spinach drain and cool.nRemove any liquid from the bottom of the saute pan and coat lightly with olive oil. Heat the oil over medium heat, add the onions, and season with salt, to taste. Saute the onions until they are translucent and very aromatic, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for 2 to 3 more minutes. Add the butter, and when melted stir in the flour. Cook until it is the texture of wet sand, about 5 to 6 minutes. Whisk in the milk, cayenne pepper and Parmigiano. Taste for seasoning and season with salt, if needed, it will. Bring the milk to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 5 to 6 minutes, stirring occasionally, so the milk doesn t scorch on the bottom.nAdd in the reserved spinach and stir to combine. Taste and adjust the seasoning, if needed. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 2 12 pounds washed baby spinach, 12 small onion, finely diced, Kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, Pinch cayenne pepper, 14 cup grated Parmigiano], title: Creamed Spinach, picturelink: 0AdeIuBM.CYmUCE2a.ehT07NMa7iw2}, 6243: {instructions: Put a pizza stone or upsidedown baking sheet in the oven preheat to 500 degrees F. Stretch the pizza dough into a 12inch round on a floured surface. Dust a pizza peel or upsidedown baking sheet with 12 teaspoon cornmeal and put the dough on top. Brush with the olive oil and sprinkle with the sugar and the remaining 12 teaspoon cornmeal. Slide onto the hot pizza stone or baking sheet and bake until golden on the bottom, 5 to 7 minutes. Meanwhile, mix the mashed potatoes with 14 cup cheese and the milk in a bowl set aside. Roll tablespoonfuls of the stuffing into 1inch balls to look like meatballs. Shred the turkey meat and julienne the skin. Slide the crust back onto the peel. Spread the cheddar mashed potatoes over the crust, then top with the shredded turkey. Spoon the cranberry sauce over the pizza and drizzle with the gravy. Arrange the stuffing balls on top and sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup cheese and the turkey skin. Return the pizza to the oven and bake until golden brown, 8 to 10 more minutes.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 pound pizza dough, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 teaspoon cornmeal, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon sugar, 34 cup mashed potatoes, 12 cup shredded cheddar cheese, 2 teaspoons whole milk, 1 cup prepared stuffing, 1 roasted turkey or chicken thigh, with skin, 14 cup chunky cranberry sauce, 14 cup gravy], title: Thanksgiving Pizza, picturelink: v2UPZ64avJ1BzkzOirPI.KPpGZe16Km}, 6244: {instructions: Place the salt into a shallow dish larger than the diameter of the glass you are using. Rub each of 2 glasses with lime wedge. Dip the rim of each glass in the salt, and rotate gently to coat evenly. Set the glasses aside.nFill a cocktail shaker halfway with ice. Add the tequila, orange liqueur, lime juice, blue curacao, and sugar. Shake hard for 30 seconds. Fill the prepared glasses with ice cubes. Strain the margarita mixture into the glasses. Garnish with star fruit or a lime wedge., ingredients: [1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 lime, cut into wedges, Ice cubes, 4 ounces 12 cup tequila, 1 ounce orangeflavored liqueur recommended: triple sec, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 ounces blue curacao, 1 teaspoon superfine sugar, 2 slices star fruit 14inch thick, for garnish], title: Blue Margarita, picturelink: null}, 6245: {instructions: For the Ribeye: Preheat your grill pan on medium high heat. Coat the beef with olive oil and sprinkle with the Herbs de Provence, salt, and pepper. Cook for 6 to 8 minutes a side until the meat is mediumrare, remove from heat, and allow to rest.nFor the Black Olive Vinaigrette: Combine the olives, red wine vinegar, mustard, garlic, salt, and pepper in a blender and blend until mixed. In a small pitcher combine the olive oil and vegetable oil. Drizzle the oil into the blender with the machine running. Transfer the vinaigrette to a serving dish. Stir in the parsley and serve with the ribeye., ingredients: [1 2inch ribeye steak, boneless, 1 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon herbes de Provence, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup black olives, pitted, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 garlic clove, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: RibEye Steak with Black Olive Vinaigrette, picturelink: jCzRla.BnmvnVq0wpCJoTc0zFd.Jz6}, 6246: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, combine the cake flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Stir together and set aside.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the milk, Applesauce, vanilla, cinnamon and eggs. Slowly drizzle the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients, stirring gently with a spoon as you go. Once combined, if the mixture needs more moisture, splash in a little more milk. The batter should be pourable.nHeat a large skillet or griddle over mediumlow to low heat. Smear a little bit of butter over the surface and drop tablespoonsized amounts of batter onto the pan more if you want larger pancakes. Wait a minute or so, then flip to the other side. The pancakes should be light golden brown and set in the middle.nTop with butter and drizzle with warm maple syrup.nThrow the apples, apple juice and lemon juice into a pan and bring it to the boil over mediumhigh heat. Lower the heat and simmer until the apples are soft, about 15 minutes. Stir through the sugar and mix until melted. Add the cinnamon and stir through.nPuree the mixture in a food processor, blender or food mill. If not using right away, leave to cool and then refrigerate., ingredients: [3 cups cake flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 12 cups milk, plus more if needed, 2 cups Applesauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 eggs, Butter, for cooking and serving, Maple syrup, warmed, for serving, 6 pounds mixed apple varieties Gala, Honeycrisp, Golden Delicious, peeled, cored and cut into eighths, 1 cup apple juice or water, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Applesauce Pancakes, picturelink: 9gI2x8rsHoIZyzF6QSI9QibHIvOt2.}, 6247: {instructions: Special equipment: pastry bag with decorating tip and bowtie cookie cutternFor the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with 30 cupcake liners.nSift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a large bowl and set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the sugar and eggs until light yellow in color, about 3 minutes. Mix in the oil until combined. Add the sifted ingredients and mix until incorporated. Mix in the yogurt. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, add the port and vanilla and mix until incorporated.nFill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter. Bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Let the cupcakes cool 15 minutes, and then pull them from the pans and place on a cooling rack or baking sheet to cool completely.nFor the buttercream frosting: In the bowl of a stand mixer with a whisk attachment, combine the egg whites and cream of tartar and whip at medium speed until frothy. Add 1 12 cups of the sugar and whip at high speed until stiff peaks form.nIn a saucepan, stir the remaining 12 cup sugar into 12 cup water. Put a candy thermometer in the pan and place the pan over mediumhigh heat. When the simple syrup reaches the softball stage 235 to 245 degrees F, immediately pour it into the egg whites while the mixer is on low speed. Once all the syrup is added, turn the mixer to high and whip until the bottom of the bowl is cool, about 15 minutes. Add the butter and whip until smooth and silky. Add the vanilla and mix until incorporated.nFor the white chocolate shell: Melt the white chocolate in a double boiler. Turn each cupcake upside down and dip in the melted chocolate set aside to harden.nTo assemble: Put the frosting in a pastry bag with the desired decorating tip. Pipe one low swirl of frosting on top of each cupcake. Sprinkle with chocolatecovered cereal pearls.nRoll out the modeling chocolate with a rolling pin and cut into bowtie shapes. Place one on top of each frosted cupcake., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 4 14 cups sugar, 6 eggs, 2 cups canola oil, 2 cups yogurt, 34 cup port, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 1 cup egg whites 7 large whites, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 2 cups sugar, 1 34 pounds 7 sticks unsalted butter, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 2 cups chopped white chocolate, Chocolatecovered cereal pearls, such as Callebaut Crispearls, for sprinkling, 4 ounces modeling chocolate or chocolate fondant], title: Daddy Warbucks, picturelink: M73WTJqWE6767s2cr5HlIcWcOGMMZ6S}, 6248: {instructions: Make the bacon marmalade: Cook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until almost crisp, 5 minutes. Pour out half of the drippings, add the onion to the skillet and cook, stirring, until the onion browns, 10 more minutes add a splash of water if the onion sticks. Stir in the hot sauce, sugar, vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste.nForm the pork into four 4inchwide patties season with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, then add the patties and cook 4 to 5 minutes per side, topping each with a slice of cheese about 3 minutes before theyre done.nSpread the bacon marmalade on the bun bottoms and top each with some lettuce, a patty, a tomato slice and a bun top.nDrizzle the remaining lettuce and the chopped tomato with olive oil and vinegar, and season with salt and pepper toss. Serve with the burgers.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [4 slices bacon, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, plus more to taste, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon red wine vinegar, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14 pounds ground pork, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 4 slices Swiss cheese, 4 hamburger buns, split and toasted, 1 romaine lettuce heart, thinly sliced, 2 medium tomatoes 1 sliced, 1 chopped], title: Pork Burgers With Bacon Marmalade, picturelink: v9BWr5kfukWFEHkBXYS1qcif.wYAgeK}, 6249: {instructions: For the Mo J.: Mash together the garlic, chiles, cumin and 12 teaspoon salt with a mortar and pestle until fairly smooth. Scrape into a bowl and set aside a moment. Heat the olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat until fairly hot and pour it over the garlic mixture. Mix and allow to stand 10 minutes. Whisk in the orange juice and sherry vinegar. Season with salt and pepper to taste and set aside until ready to use.nFor the hearts of palm slaw: Mix together the hearts of palm, jicama, red and yellow bell peppers, Scotch bonnet chile, onion and scallions in a large bowl and set aside.nMix together the olive oil, orange juice, coriander, sugar, pepper and salt to taste in a bowl and pour over the vegetables.nFor the Scotch bonnet tartar salsa: Put the egg yolks in a blender and beat until pale. Alternatively work by hand. With the blender running, add the vinegar and pickle brine. Slowly add the olive oil and canola oil and blend until completely incorporated.nIf using a blender, remove the mixture to a bowl so the vegetables donu00bft get overly processed. Add the sweet butter pickles, red onion and chiles. Stir in the hardcooked egg. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate.nFor the stuffed shrimp: Place the panko, flour and egg wash in separate shallow bowls. Pat the shrimp dry of any excess water. Combine the mashed yuca with the chile, garlic and salt and pepper to taste. Stuff the cavity butterfly cut of each shrimp with about 34 tablespoon of the yuca mash, packing it firmly into place. Dust the shrimp first in the flour, then dip in the egg wash and then the panko. Set aside.nHeat the peanut oil in a large heavy deep skillet or French fryer to 350 degrees F. When the oil is hot, lay the shrimp in it and cook until golden and cooked through. Remove the shrimp to a plate with absorbent toweling. Spoon a small dollop of the Scotch Bonnet Tartar Salsa to go under each shrimp on to the plates. Lift some of the Hearts of Palm Slaw onto the center of the plates. Spoon or ladle some of the Mo J. directly onto each shrimp. Serve., ingredients: [6 cloves garlic, minced, 1 to 2 Scotch bonnet chiles, stem and seeds discarded, minced, 2 teaspoons whole cumin seeds, freshly toasted, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup olive oil, 13 cup sour orange juice, 2 teaspoons Spanish sherry vinegar, 1 12 cups peeled and very thinly sliced fresh hearts of palm, 14 cup peeled and julienned jicama, 14 red bell pepper, stem and seeds discarded, julienned, 14 yellow bell pepper, stem and seeds discarded, julienned, 1 Scotch bonnet chile, stem and seeds discarded, minced, 12 small red onion, julienned, 3 scallions, trimmed and finely chopped, 12 cup virgin olive oil, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 teaspoon freshly toasted and ground coriander, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt, to taste, 3 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon Champagne vinegar, 3 tablespoons storebought sweet butter pickles, diced small, plus 1 teaspoon brine, 12 cup virgin olive oil, 12 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons diced red onion, 1 12 tablespoons minced Scotch bonnet chiles stem and seeds discarded, 1 hardcooked egg, yolk sieved and white chopped small, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cups panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 1 cup seasoned flour, 1 egg, beaten with 3 tablespoons water, 12 very large fresh shrimp 16 to 20 count, tail left on, peeled, deveined and butterflied 1 cup cooked and mashed yuca, 1 Scotch bonnet chile, stem and seeds discarded, minced, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly toasted and cracked black pepper, to taste, Peanut oil, for frying], title: YucaStuffed Crispy Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 6250: {instructions: Preheat the oven to broil.nHeat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. When oil is hot, add potatoes and onions and cook until browned. Add mushrooms, tomatoes, and peppers, stir to combine, and saute until mushrooms have softened. Transfer mixture to a sizzle or heatproof platter and cover with cheese. Broil until cheese is melted and bubbly. Serve with sour cream, salsa, and biscuits, if desired., ingredients: [Oil, for frying, 4 baking potatoes, peeled and sliced, 12 onion, chopped, 3 mushrooms, cleaned and chopped, 12 cup chopped tomatoes, 14 cup sliced mild banana peppers, 1 cup grated cheese blend Monterey jack and cheddar, combined, Sour cream, for serving, Salsa, for serving, Biscuits, accompaniment, optional], title: Hearty Fried Potatoes, picturelink: 9sjgapxbZvSgaVw3nTNQsRbC.5iWj5C}, 6251: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F.nSelect a 2inch deep casserole dish that is large enough to hold the shrimp in a single layer. Add the rock salt to form a 1inch bed in the dish. Slide the casserole dish into the oven and heat for 30 minutes.nAdd the minced garlic and olive oil to a mixing bowl to prepare the marinade.nMake an incision down the back of each of the shrimp. Devein or remove the intestine from each piece and add the shrimp to the marinade. Toss together to coat, and let the ingredients rest for at least 10 minutes.nOnce heated, pull your casserole dish from the oven and arrange the shrimp on the bottom in 1 layer. Return the dish to the oven, and roast for 2 minutes. Turn each shrimp over, and set them aside to let the residual heat from the pan finish cooking their second sides. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 to 2 pounds rock salt enough to fill your casserole by 1 inch, 5 to 6 clove garlic, minced, Good olive oil, for drizzling, 5 large shrimp, head and shells left on], title: Rock Salt Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 6252: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. When hot, add corn and cook, stirring infrequently until corn toasts and browns slightly on all sides.nIn a large bowl, combine the lime juice, remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, and the roasted tomato salsa. Add the toasted corn kernels, sliced red pepper, and the sliced green onion. Toss to coat with the dressing. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 2 cups frozen corn, thawed and patted dry, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 14 cup roasted tomato salsa, 12 small red pepper, thinly sliced, 14 cup sliced green onions, green only about 3, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Toasted CornSweet Onion Salad, picturelink: YOkU7fjEMelWMBmZtxVtq3uoWlwNkzC}, 6253: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing 1 tablespoon butter, grease the bottom and sides of an 8 by 8inch baking pan.nTo make the topping: In a small bowl, mash together the peanuts, flour, brown sugar, and a pinch of salt. Using your fingertips, mix in the butter. Set aside.nTo make the bars: In a stand mixer, blend the butter, peanut butter, and brown sugar until light and creamy. Add the egg, vanilla extract, baking powder, and 12 teaspoon of salt in order, scraping down the sides as needed. Slowly blend in the flour then fold in the chocolate chips and shredded coconut. Press into the bottom of the prepared dish, then spread the jelly over the entire dish.nSprinkle the reserved peanut topping over the top and bake until the edges and topping are golden brown, about 30 to 35 minutes. Allow it to cool before slicing., ingredients: [1 cup salted peanuts, gently chopped, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons cold butter, cubed, Kosher salt, 1 stick, plus 1 tablespoon butter, at room temperature, 34 cup creamy peanut butter, 34 cup light brown sugar, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 cups flour, 12 cup chocolate chips, 12 cup sweetened coconut flakes, 1 cup strawberry jam], title: Sunnys Pantry Bars, picturelink: U.BFyDDVsbrZktcdMQXJRVpXFc89VZO}, 6254: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat and salt generously.nPut the bacon in a large highsided skillet and cook over mediumhigh heat until crisp, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and reserve bacon in the pan.nWhen the bacon is about halfway cooked, drop the pasta into the boiling water and cook about 4 minutes for fresh or according to the package instructions if using dried.nMeanwhile, whisk the egg and yolks, 1 cup cheese and pepper together in a small bowl.nWhen the pasta is ready, return the skillet with the bacon to medium heat. Using a ladle, slowly whisk about 12 cup pasta cooking water into the egg and cheese mixture until loosened. Reserve some additional cooking water. Drain the pasta and add it to the skillet.nWhile tossing continually, slowly drizzle the egg mixture over the pasta until it is completely coated. Add more cooking water if pasta seems dry. Add the spinach leaves to the pan and toss until combined. Transfer the carbonara to a serving bowl and serve immediately with more cheese sprinkled over the top., ingredients: [Salt, 12 pound slab bacon, cut into 12inch chunks, 1 pound fresh or dried spinach fettuccine, 1 whole large egg, plus 2 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus more for garnish, 2 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cups baby spinach leaves], title: Claires Spinach Carbonara, picturelink: K7sCrtbKENoz7li84Ox8HobfcBBxvTO}, 6255: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium sauce pot, bring water to a boil and add 1 teaspoon salt. Add green beans and blanch for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from water and immediately place in an ice water bath.nIn a medium bowl, mix all dry ingredients, including the 2 teaspoons sea salt, thoroughly. Toss green beans in mixture. In a large saute pan, add oil and heat to almost smoking. Add green beans and cook until spices begin to blacken, approximately 2 minutes. When done, add butter, toss, place on plate, and garnish with Parmesan., ingredients: [1 teaspoon salt, plus 2 teaspoons sea salt, 3 cups green beans, ends cut, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Blackened Green Beans, picturelink: fCYdsEX0ahL4ZznOI1WGyFl2v6OyD1O}, 6256: {instructions: With a sharp knife, separate legs from the rest of turkey and cut off backbone. Reserve breast for roasting.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nDebone turkey legs. Remove silver skin and all tendons. With skin side down, cover with plastic wrap and pound out evenly. Season inside with salt and pepper.nAdd 8 ounces of mushroom stuffing evenly across middle section. Roll into a tight cylinder. Tie with butchers string and close ends with skewers. Season outside with salt and pepper. Heat a roasting pan and add olive oil. Sear meat until golden brown.nRemove legs from roasting pan. Add carrots, celery, onion and rosemary and cook until brown. Deglaze with chicken stock. Bring to a boil and add turkey legs. Slowly braise the legs in the oven for about 2 hours until internal temperature is 130 degrees F.nRemove foil and finish roasting to get color on the meat, until internal temperature is 140 degrees F.nRemove legs and set aside on a platter. Cover with foil until ready to slice.nAdd 2 cups of pomegranate juice to the braising liquid. Simmer for 10 minutes then puree the sauce through a food mill. Carrots, onions and celery will thicken the sauce. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let sit for about 30 minutes and with a small ladle, remove excess fat. Remove string and skewers. Slice into halfinch portions and serve with sauce.nRender foie gras or chicken liver in saute pan. Remove and pour rendered fat over bread. Dice and reserve. If you use chicken liver instead or foie gras, add 4 tablespoons of butter.nRinse dried porcini and soak in warm water. Drain and chop mushrooms, reserving liquid.nHeat olive oil in saute pan over medium heat and add onions, celery and pancetta. Cook until vegetables become translucent. Combine dried mushrooms and fresh mushrooms and add reserved mushroom liquid and stock. Cook over medium heat and reduce until almost dry. Set aside.nPlace foie gras or chicken liver and dried bread crumbs in a large bowl. Add herbs, beaten eggs and mushroom mixture. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Mix until all ingredients are incorporated.nFill legs of turkey according to recipe or place stuffing in a buttered gratin dish and bake in preheated 350 degree F. oven for 30 minutes.nMix butter, rosemary, salt and pepper, to taste until nice and smooth. With your hands, carefully separate turkey skin from the breast meat. Spread rosemary butter evenly between skin and meat. Season turkey breast with salt and pepper and rub with olive oil.nPlace in roasting pan with a rack. If your oven is large enough, you can roast the turkey breast in the same oven while you braise the stuffed legs, which I prefer, because the steam from the braising liquid keeps the stuffing moist.nRoast until internal temperature is 165 degrees F. Baste every 15 minutes with the pan drippings.nWhen breast is done, cover with foil and let rest in a warm place until you are ready to carve.nYield: 12 servings, ingredients: [1 20pound turkey, 2 turkey legs, 8 ounces Wild Mushroom Stuffing, recipe follows, 4 ounces olive oil, 8 ounces chicken stock, 2 carrots peeled in 1inch sections, 3 stalks celery, sliced in 1inch sections, 2 yellow onions, diced, 2 sprigs rosemary, leaves chopped, 2 cups pomegranate juice, Butcher string, Wood skewers, 14 pound foie gras or chicken liver, 2 loaves dried bread, crusts removed and cubed, 12ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium onions, chopped, 12 pound pancetta, chopped, 4 stalks celery and leaves chopped, 3 cups sliced mushrooms, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped sage, 1 tablespoon chopped rosemary, 3 beaten eggs, Salt and pepper, 6 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped rosemary leaves, 1 whole doublebreast turkey, Salt and pepper, 4 ounces olive oil], title: Roasted Turkey Two Ways, picturelink: null}, 6257: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nFilling:nSift sugar, cornstarch and flour together into a medium bowl. Stir and combine with partially thawed strawberries.nIn a separate bowl, combine pie crust mix and cold strawberry nectar. Stir until a soft dough forms. Divide into 2 pieces, form into balls, and flatten into disks.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll 1 of the disks out to an 11inch circle. Fold in half, place in a 9inch pie plate, and unfold. Press into plate, but do not stretch. Trim dough 12inch from edge of plate. Roll out second disk and fold in half. Pour filling into pastrylined plate. Place top crust on top of filling and unfold. Press along rim to seal and trim edges. Press fork into edges or crimp to make decorative edge. Cut vent slits or punch center with small decorative cutter or knife.nIn a small bowl, lightly beat egg, with 1 tablespoon water and 1 tablespoon strawberry nectar. Brush atop crust and then sprinkle with sugar. Place pie on sheet pan and place in oven.nBake for 10 minutes, then lower heat to 350 degrees F and continue baking for an additional 50 to 60 minutes the filling should be bubbling and top crust golden brown. Cool completely before cutting.nTIP: preheat sheet pan in oven for crisper bottom crust., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups frozen strawberries, unsweetened, partially thawed in refrigerator, 1 11ounce box pie crust mix, 13 cup strawberry nectar, cold, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 egg, Sugar, for sprinkling], title: Double Strawberry Pie, picturelink: VOAgCn3pG72c9wK5QeY1gR7ocN3fl5i}, 6258: {instructions: Combine the garlic, cilantro, honey, red curry, coconut milk, soy sauce and water in a sauce pan set over medium heat, bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Cook for 5 minutes, remove from the heat and cool completely. Divide the sauce in two, put half in a dish large enough to hold the chicken and set the second half aside to be used later as the dipping sauce.nThe chicken should be sliced lengthwise into strips, threaded on the presoaked skewers and placed into the first dish of sauce. Refrigerate and marinate the chicken overnight.nWhen ready to cook, heat a 12inch cast iron skillet over medium heat and add the peanut oil. Before the oil begins to smoke, pan fry the skewered chicken in batches.nWhile the chicken is cooking put the reserved sauce into a small sauce pan and return quickly to the boil, reduce to a simmer and add the chopped peanuts. Let cook for 5 minutes and then remove from the heat. Serve warm.nWhen the skewers are completely cooked serve with peanut sauce in a small dipping bowl., ingredients: [4 garlic cloves, 10 to 12 fresh cilantro stems and leaves attached, well washed, 5 tablespoons honey, 4 tablespoons Thai red curry paste, 1 cup coconut milk, 4 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 cup water, 1 pound chicken breast cut into 14inch thick strips, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 12 cup roasted peanuts, finely chopped, Salt to taste, Wooden skewers soaked in hot water], title: Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 6259: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 F. Mix all ingredients in a greased 13 x 9 pan. Bake 1 hour at 350F, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. When cool, cut into squares., ingredients: [12 cup butter, softened, 1 lb sweet rice flour, 2 12 cup sugar, 1 tsp. baking powder, 3 cups milk fresh or evaporated, 5 eggs, beaten, 1 tsp. vanilla, 1 cup coconut flakes], title: Bibingka, picturelink: null}, 6260: {instructions: Cut all dried fruit, except the raisins, into 13inch dice. Place all fruit, including the raisins, in a large bowl. Reserve.nWash the glutinous rice 4 times in roomtemperature water and drain well. Place in a cake pan. Add 2 12 cups cold water to the rice. Place the cake pan in a steamer, cover, and steam for 30 to 40 minutes, until the rice is cooked. It will acquire a glaze and be translucent. Turn off the heat. Scoop out the rice, add to the bowl of fruit, and mix well to combine all ingredients thoroughly.nCoat a steamproof bowl, 1 12quart size, with 1 12 teaspoons of peanut oil, making certain the bowl in well coated. Coat the hands as well, so the glutinous rice may be handled. Pick up half of the ricefruit mixture, coat it with the remainder of the peanut oil, and pack it into the bowl, pressing it to the sides. Place the red bean paste in the center of the rice mixture and spread it a bit. Place the remainder of rice on top and press down gently.nPlace the bowl in a steamer, cover, and steam for 45 minutes. Turn off the heat. Remove the bowl and allow to cool for about 5 minutes. Pass a blunt dinner knife around the edge of the rice to loosen it. Place a serving plate, inverted, on top of the bowl, and upend it. The cake should slip out easily. Its fruitdotted texture will glisten.nUse a large spoon to divide among individual bowls. Because of its texture, the steamed glutinous rice is virtually impossible to slice as one might a cake. Often a sugar syrup is poured over EightTreasure Glutinous Rice Cake when served. It is not at all necessary, because the various fruits, their sugars concentrated from drying, and the red bean paste are sufficiently sweet., ingredients: [14 cup dried apricots, 14 cup dried pears, 14 cup dried mango, 14 cup dried pineapple, 18 cup dried peaches, 14 cup honey dates or preserved dates, pitted, 18 cup raisins, 2 12 cups cold water, 1 12 cups glutinous rice, 1 12 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 cup red bean paste], title: EightTreasure Glutinous Rice Cake, picturelink: null}, 6261: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large pot of boiling, salted water cook the pasta to al dente.nWhile the pasta is cooking, in a separate pot, melt the butter. Whisk in the flour and mustard and keep it moving for about five minutes. Make sure its free of lumps. Stir in the milk, onion, bay leaf, and paprika. Simmer for ten minutes and remove the bay leaf.nTemper in the egg. Stir in 34 of the cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Fold the macaroni into the mix and pour into a 2quart casserole dish. Top with remaining cheese.nMelt the butter in a saute pan and toss the bread crumbs to coat. Top the macaroni with the bread crumbs. Bake for 30 minutes. Remove from oven and rest for five minutes before serving.nRemember to save leftovers for fried Macaroni and Cheese., ingredients: [12 pound elbow macaroni, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 tablespoon powdered mustard, 3 cups milk, 12 cup yellow onion, finely diced, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon paprika, 1 large egg, 12 ounces sharp cheddar, shredded, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Fresh black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 cup panko bread crumbs], title: Baked Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: pPSnReNqMulC9lZxwXpaXI8zaXNbYVi}, 6262: {instructions: Build your skeleton on a large platter. Cut the zucchini and yellow squash into round slices and then cut those in halves. Arrange the zucchini and yellow squash down the center of the platter as the spine. Cut 2 long slices of cucumber and place as the shoulder bones. Arrange green beans from the shoulders as the arm one for the top section of the arm, one for the bottom along with a yellow bean. Place a cherry tomato as the elbow. Use a cauliflower floret for each hand and arrange 5 baby carrots as fingers on each hand. Place rows of sliced celery stalks for the rib cage. The hip bones are 2 slices of red pepper. The legs are 2 carrot slices each with a mushroom cap as the kneecap. Place a broccoli floret for each foot and use 10 snap peas as toes. Fill the hollowedout cabbage head with dip and place at head of platter. Place a radish on the celery ribs as the heart of the skeleton., ingredients: [1 hollowedout head of cabbage, 1 zucchini and 1 yellow squash sliced into half circles, 1 cucumber sliced lengthwise, 1 radish, 2 celery stalks, sliced, 1 red pepper, sliced, 2 cauliflower florets, 2 broccoli florets, 10 baby carrots, 2 mushroom caps, 1 carrot, sliced into 4 pieces, 2 cherry tomatoes, 4 green beans, 2 yellow beans, 10 snap peas, 1 8ounce container of storebought dip], title: Skeleton Crudite, picturelink: null}, 6263: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F and arrange a rack in the bottom third of the oven.nIn a medium bowl, combine the cream cheese, pumpkin puree, cream, brown sugar and pumpkin pie spice. Using electric hand mixer, add the eggs, 1 at a time incorporating completely between each addition.nPour the filling into the pie shell and bake on a sheet tray until the filling is mostly set and the crust has browned, about 50 to 60 minutes. The center will still look slightly loose. Remove from the oven and cool to room temperature.nFor Whipped Cream:nIn a chilled bowl, beat the heavy cream with a hand mixer until beginning to thicken. Add the brown sugar and pumpkin pie spice and continue to beat until soft peaks form. Spread the whipped cream over the pie and serve immediately or hold in the refrigerator for up to 2 hours before serving. ., ingredients: [4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 15ounce can pumpkin puree, 13 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 3 large eggs, 1 9inch frozen pie crust shell, removed from foil tin and placed in glass pie pan, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice], title: Pumpkin Cream Pie, picturelink: gqB1LIMIg1uzQlEhljIYUtVBkx76AuC}, 6264: {instructions: Chocolate tart dough: In bowl of electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment, cream butter and confectioners sugar until combined, about 1 minute. Add egg yolk and vanilla and beat until smooth. Sift in flour and cocoa powder and beat on low speed until just combined. Scrape dough onto a sheet of plastic wrap and form it into a disk. Wrap and chill until firm, about 1 hour, or up to 3 days.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F. On lightly floured surface, roll tart dough to an 18 by 12inch rectangle, 316inch thick. Using a 2 12inch round cutter, cut out 24 rounds of dough and press them into mini muffin tins or 2inch tart pans, trimming away any excess dough. Prick the dough all over with a fork. Chill tart shells for 20 minutes.nLine the tart shells with foil and fill with dried beans, rice, or pie weights. Bake for 15 minutes. Remove foil and weights and bake for 5 to 10 minutes longer, or until pastry looks dry and set. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. The tart shells can be made 8 hours ahead.nCaramel filling: Place 12 cup water in a large saucepan. Add sugar and corn syrup and cook mixture over mediumhigh heat, swirling the pan occasionally until you have a dark amber caramel, about 10 minutes. Carefully whisk in butter, cream, and creme fraiche mixture will hiss and bubble up, whisking until smooth. Caramel can be made up to 5 days ahead and refrigerated, then warmed over low heat or microwaved before pouring into tart shells.nDivide caramel while still warm among cooled tart shells and let sit until caramel is set, at least 45 minutes.nChocolate ganache glaze: In saucepan, bring cream to a boil. Place chopped chocolate in a bowl. Pour hot cream over chocolate and let sit for 2 minutes, then whisk until smooth. Pour some of the stillwarm glaze over each tart. Let glaze set at room temperature for at least 2 hours before serving. Sprinkle with salt, if desired, just before serving., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter 1 stick, softened, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 1 large egg yolk, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14 cups flour, 14 cup unsweetened Dutchprocessed cocoa powder, 12 cup water, 2 cups sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 12 ounces extrabittersweet chocolate, chopped, Pinch fine sea salt, such as fleur de sel], title: Chocolate Caramel Tarts, picturelink: null}, 6265: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nToss the eggplant, bell peppers, onion, and garlic with the olive oil, salt, and pepper on a large sheet pan. Roast for 40 minutes, until browned, turning once with a spatula.nMeanwhile, cook the orzo in boiling salted water for 7 to 9 minutes, until tender. Drain and transfer to a large serving bowl. Add the roasted vegetables to the pasta, scraping all the liquid and seasonings from the roasting pan into the pasta bowl.nFor the dressing, combine the lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper and pour on the pasta and vegetables. Let cool to room temperature, then add the scallions, pignolis, feta, and basil. Check the seasonings, and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 small eggplant, peeled and 34inch diced, 1 red bell pepper, 1inch diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, 1inch diced, 1 red onion, peeled and 1inch diced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 13 cup good olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound orzo or riceshaped pasta, 13 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 lemons, 13 cup good olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 scallions, minced white and green parts, 14 cup pignolis pine nuts, toasted, 34 pound good feta, 12inch diced not crumbled, 15 fresh basil leaves, cut into julienne], title: Orzo with Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 6266: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPlace about 12 cup of olive oil into a bowl. Grate the garlic right over the oil.nBreak off pieces of leftover pizza dough and roll into little logs. Next, fold into a knot. Place the knots into the olive oil mixture and place onto the baking sheet. Season with salt, to taste, and place in the oven. Bake until the garlic knots are golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [Leftover pizza dough, 1 whole garlic clove, grated, Olive oil, Sea salt], title: Garlic Knots, picturelink: yy3htE5G3MdwS5aeddQQ6w1b1ENiIZS}, 6267: {instructions: In a deep saucepan, pour enough vegetable oil to come about 2 to 3 inches up the side of the pan. Heat oil to 365 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, combine cornmeal, egg, water, milk, sugar and salt with a whisk, whisking until just blended. Working in batches, drop batter into oil a tablespoon at a time, taking care not to overcrowd the pan and bring the oil temperature down too much. Fry hush puppies until cooked through and golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes per batch. Remove from the oil and drain on paper towels. Let oil return to 365 degrees F between batches., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for deep frying, 2 cups cornmeal, 1 egg, beaten, 1 cup water, 34 cup powdered dry milk, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Sara Evans Hush Puppies, picturelink: null}, 6268: {instructions: In a large bowl, whip the heavy cream to stiff peaks. Set aside to chill in the fridge. Using an electric mixer, whip the egg whites on low until frothy. Increase the speed to medium and slowly add 34 cup of sugar. Whip to stiff, glossy peaks.nMeanwhile, begin whipping the egg yolks on medium speed. Slowly add the bacon fat as the yolks begin to increase in volume. In a small saucepot, bring the remaining sugar and 12 cup water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Allow the sugar mixture to cook until it reaches 245 degrees F. Remove the sugar from the heat and slowly stream to combine with the whipped yolk mixture. Whip the yolks mixture until it triples in volume and cools completely.nOnce all three mixtures are prepared fold onethird meringue into the yolk mixture. Then gently fold the yolk mixture back into the remaining meringue in two equal additions. Just before it is completely combined, begin to fold in the whipped cream. Continue to gently fold together until completely incorporated. Spread evenly into a 17by12inch jellyroll pan. Place in the freezer until firm., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 8 eggs, separated, 1 14 cup sugar, 12 cup rendered bacon fat], title: Bacon Caramel Semifreddo, picturelink: null}, 6269: {instructions: Put the liquors and espresso in a chilled cocktail shaker. Shake well until very cold, then strain into 2 chilled martini glasses. Float a layer of whipped cream over the top. Using a vegetable peeler, shave some dark chocolate on top of each glass., ingredients: [3 ounces vanilla vodka, 1ounce dark creme de cacao, 2 ounces brewed espresso, room temperature or chilled not hot, Softly whipped cream, for garnish, Bittersweet chocolate, for garnish], title: Espresso Martinis, picturelink: Xwp0y51HW9ELtXuAD9AkcQo920Ja4PC}, 6270: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 12quart glass loaf pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and grease a 1 12quart glass loaf pan. In a large bowl, using a mixer, cream the butter with sugar at high speed until fluffy and pale yellow, about 5 minutes. Add in the eggs, vanilla, and orange zest. Mix in the yams, sour cream and orange juice. In a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and 34 teaspoon salt. Slowly mix in the dry ingredients to the butter mixture, mixing on low speed until just incorporated. Spoon out 13 of the cake batter and place in a small bowl. In a small measuring cup, make a thin paste of the cocoa, cayenne, and hot water, stirring until smooth. Pour into the small bowl of cake batter and stir just until well mixed. Pour half the nonchocolate yam batter into the prepared loaf pan. Spoon on the chocolate batter, and then finish by pouring the remaining yam batter on top. Use a butter knife to cut through the cake to create a marbling effect. Bake until the cake is firm and toothpick comes out clean, 55 to 60 minutes. Cool before slicing., ingredients: [12 cup butter, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 orange, zested and juiced, 1 cup pureed yams or 1 15ounce can yams, drained and pureed, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 2 cups flour plus 2 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Salt, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons hot water], title: ChocolateYam Marble Cake, picturelink: B2nLNlmOGVMtfkgLdcj5v28Ohkt2Vuu}, 6271: {instructions: Cook your pasta by the time its done, your sauce will be ready. Pour the olive oil into a pan over mediumhigh heat, and then in go the chili pepper flakes, if using, garlic and zucchini. Saute 1 minute, keeping an eye on the zucchini so it doesnt burn. Add the cherry tomatoes and some salt and cook until the zucchini and tomatoes soften.nToss the spaghetti in the pan with the vegetables. Remove from the heat and stir in the shrimp the steam from the pasta will cook the delicate shrimp quickly. Finish with the parsley and a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [1 pound spaghetti, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 teaspoon chili pepper flakes, optional, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 small zucchini, thinly sliced, 12 cherry tomatoes, halved, Kosher salt, 16 baby shrimp, 1 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Spaghetti Mare e Monte, picturelink: null}, 6272: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large skillet, add the pork butt, salt, black pepper, lemon pepper, oregano and garlic and cook for 10 minutes. Add the Salsa Verde, cilantro, cumin, green chiles and onions and cook for another 5 minutes. Transfer to a slow cooker, cover and cook on high for 30 minutes, and then turn down to low and cook for 3 hours to 3 hours 30 minutes.nSalsa Verde:nIn a saucepan, boil the tomatillos, garlic, jalapenos, serrano pepper and half of the onions in 2 cups of water until the mixture floats to the top of the saucepan, about 30 minutes. Strain out the pulp and reserve the liquid. In a food processor, blend the pulp with the remaining onions, the cilantro, salt and 34 cup of the reserved liquid., ingredients: [3 pounds pork butt, cubed with fat, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon lemon pepper, 14 teaspoon ground oregano, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 3 cups Salsa Verde, recipe follows, 12 cup fresh cilantro, chopped, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 small cans green chiles, minced, 1 large yellow onion, chopped, 12 tomatillos, husks removed, 4 cloves garlic, 2 jalapenos, stems removed, 1 serrano pepper, stem removed, 1 small yellow onion, chopped reserve half, 14 cup fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Puerco Con Chile Verde, picturelink: sQHgs1Eh2x7Psg5Ihon3X2jdQqNOwsq}, 6273: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a loaf pan. In a bowl, cream the butter and sugar together. Add the eggs and mix well. Add the mango, orange juice, coconut, and macadamia nuts and combine. In another bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, salt and cinnamon. Add the dry ingredients to the mango mixture. Stir until the batter combines. Pour into the loaf pan and bake for about 1 hour., ingredients: [12 cup 4 ounces butter, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 12 cups diced mango, 2 teaspoon orange juice, 12 cup grated coconut, 12 cup chopped macadamia nuts, 2 cups all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Mango Macadamia Nut Bread, picturelink: null}, 6274: {instructions: Heat a Dutch oven or large, deep pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon to the hot pot and cook until light brown on both sides. Add the garlic and saute until light brown. Add the drained beans along with the cold water to the bacon and garlic and bring to a boil over high heat. Cover the pot, reduce heat to a simmer, and cook until beans are just tender, about 1 hour. Add the chili peppers, cinnamon, coconut milk, scallions, thyme, allspice, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil. Stir in the rice and, once the mixture has returned to a boil, stir, reduce the heat to low, cover and cook for 20 to 30 minutes, or until the rice is tender and has absorbed all of the liquid. Allow to sit for 15 minutes before serving. Remove the thyme sprigs and Scotch bonnet pepper halves and serve., ingredients: [4 slices smoked bacon or 1 small ham hock, 4 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 1 cup dried red kidney beans, brought to a boil and cooled, drained, 5 cups cold water, 1 Scotch bonnet, halved and seeded, or 2 serrano chilis, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 14ounce can coconut milk, 4 scallions, crushed, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 cups longgrain rice, washed and drained], title: Caribbeanstyle Beans and Rice, picturelink: 1aYeOwDgaRqO6uh8yDPkasBqwETdsFi}, 6275: {instructions: Place chocolate wafers in the workbowl of a food processor and pulse to form crumbs. Or place the cookies in a closed plastic bag and roll with a rolling pin to form crumbs. In the processor or in a bowl, combine the crumbs with all the other ingredients and pulse or toss until the crumbs are evenly moistened. They should hold together well when squeezed between your fingers add a few drops more liquid if needed.nPress the crumb mixture into eight 3 to 4inch heart shaped tartlet molds, ovenproof Pyrex or metal, and refrigerate them to set while you prepare the filling.nMeasure the yogurt into a cheese clothlined strainer set over a bowl and drain for about 30 minutes you should have about 1 14 cups of yogurt. Discard the liquid or drink it, it is high in calcium.nHalve the strawberries and set aside.nIn a food processor or blender, mix together quickly the cream cheese and sugar. Add the drained yogurt, halved berries, preserves, Chambord or cassis if used, and salt pulse to blend but do not puree completelythere should still be some pieces of berries.nIn a small nonreactive saucepan, combine the orange juice and lemon juice. Sprinkle on the gelatin and let stand for about 3 minutes to soften. Stir the mixture over low heat just until the gelatin dissolves do not boil. Remove from heat and stir in a few tablespoons of the strawberry cream to cool the gelatin. Then pour the gelatin mixture into the strawberry cream and pulse or stir to blend in. Fill the tartlet molds. Chill at least 3 hours, or overnight. Before serving, garnish each tartlet with a whole fresh strawberry or slices fanned out, or a mint sprig., ingredients: [25 crisp chocolate wafer cookies about 8 ounces, or 1 12 cups lowfat chocolate graham cracker crumbs, 2 tablespoons canola or sunflower oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon skim milk or water, or as needed, 1 12 cups vanilla nonfat or lowfat yogurt, 1 quart fresh ripe strawberries, rinsed, patted dry, and hulled, 3 tablespoons light cream cheese or Neufchatel cheese, 13 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup strawberry preserves, 2 tablespoons Chambord or Creme de Cassis optional, Pinch of salt, 13 cup fresh orange juice or water, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 3 12 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, 8 fresh whole strawberries, rinsed and patted dry, for garnish, Fresh mint sprigs], title: Valentine Heart Tarts, picturelink: null}, 6276: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd 2 scoops of ice cream to 4 bowls. Drizzle each with some of the Homemade Chocolate Sauce and creme de menthe syrup. Top with a few of the raspberries. Serve immediately.nPut 34 cup water and the honey in a saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring so that the honey dissolves remove from the heat.nAdd the cocoa powder and salt to a heatproof bowl. Add a few tablespoons of the honeywater mixture to the cocoa powder. Whisk to create a thick but smooth liquid. Add the cocoa mixture back to the remaining honeywater mixture in the pan. Bring the whole mixture up to a simmer and let cook until slightly thickened, about 3 more minutes. Stir in the vanilla. Let cool completely, then refrigerate the sauce thickens as it cools and chills., ingredients: [8 scoops vanilla ice cream, Homemade Chocolate Sauce, recipe follows, Creme de menthe syrup, for drizzling, 12 cup raspberries, 3 tablespoons honey, 12 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, Pinch kosher salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Creme de Menthe Sundae with Homemade Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: p9aE7mJYJgvSKzT8xdB3BrqTZofHzdS}, 6277: {instructions: Spoon pudding into a dessert dish. Dip berries in, fonduestyle, ingredients: [2 60calorie sugarfree chocolate pudding snacks, 2 cups whole strawberries], title: HG Hot Couple: ChocolateDunked Strawberries, picturelink: 5rjIWZ64F8qLkE4h9aknH4s7NUSajr2}, 6278: {instructions: Pour Capsican relish in a pan and add the chopped garlic, chopped parsley and balsamic vinegar. Stir well. Add the lamb chops and let them marinate for 12 an hour. Grill the lamp chops. When one side is done, flip over and add marinade to the top side to create a crusty coating.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Slice the new potatoes and let them soak in water for 10 minutes. Remove them from the water, pat dry and dice. In a baking pan, mix the diced potatoes with olive oil, butter and cracked pepper and bake for 10 to 15 minutes.nSaute the diced onion in a pan. Deglaze the onion by adding 2 to 3 cups of red wine and reduce on the stove for 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and blend sauce with an electric whisk.nSlice the cucumbers and tomatoes. Arrange them on the plate and top with a lamp chop drizzled with the onion glaze. Serve the baked potatoes on the side., ingredients: [Capsican relish, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Bunch parsley, leaves chopped, Splash balsamic vinegar, 1 package lamb chops, 8 new potatoes, Olive oil, 4 tablespoons butter, Cracked pepper, 1 onion, diced, 2 cups red wine, 1 cucumber, 3 tomatoes], title: Grilled Lamb Chops with Capsican Relish Topped with an Onion Glaze with Sauteed Potatoes and a Cucumber and Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 6279: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCoat a shallow baking dish with cooking spray. Season both sides of salmon with salt and pepper. Place salmon in prepared baking dish.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the Dijon, honey, water, lemon juice, mustard powder, and garlic powder. Remove 12 cup of the mustard sauce and set aside. Pour the remaining sauce over the salmon fillets in the pan. Roast the salmon, uncovered, until fork tender, about 15 minutes.nStir the dill into the reserved mustard sauce. Serve 13 of the roasted salmon 4 fillets, each about 4 ounces after cooking with the dillspiked mustard sauce spooned over the top. Refrigerate the remaining salmon up to 3 days or freeze for up to 3 months thaw it completely in the refrigerator or microwave for 3 to 5 minutes on LOW before using., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 3 12 pounds salmon fillets or steaks, skin on and pin bones removed by your fish guy or you can do it using tweezers, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup honey, 2 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon hot mustard powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill], title: Roasted Salmon with SweetnHot Mustard Glaze, picturelink: null}, 6280: {instructions: Heat a medium soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add vegetable oil, 3 turns of the pan, crushed red pepper flakes, garlic, ginger, mushrooms, and bok choy, then season with salt and pepper. Add chicken broth and seafood stock or clam juice. Put a lid on the pot and bring soup to a boil.nAdd shrimp and noodles and cook 3 minutes. Add in scallions and cook 2 minutes, then turn off soup and let it sit 2 to 3 minutes more. Adjust salt and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 turns of the pan, 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 inches ginger root, peeled and cut into very thin matchsticks or grated, 12 pound shiitake mushroom caps, sliced, a couple of cups, 1 medium bok choy, trimmed and cut into 3inch pieces, then cut sticks lengthwise, Salt and pepper, 1 quart chicken broth, 1 cup seafood stock, available on soup aisle or, 1 cup clam juice, 1 12 pounds medium peeled and deveined shrimp, 12 pound vermicelli thin spaghetti, 4 scallions, cut into 3 inch pieces, then shredded lengthwise into thin sticks], title: Spicy Shrimp and Bok Choy Noodle Bowl, picturelink: D7kcBDVWLYo8bRnv1ErOrW7xQeI5oVe}, 6281: {instructions: In a standing mixer fitted with a paddle, or in a bowl using a handheld beater, cream the butter, cream cheese, and sugar until well blended. Add the egg and mix until incorporated. Add the flour and mix until incorporated.nWrap the dough in plastic wrap and chill overnight.nOn a work surface sprinkled with confectioners sugar, divide the dough into 4 equal pieces. Working in 4 batches, roll the dough out to 14inch thick. Using a 2 12inch biscuit cutter, cut out small rounds and transfer them to a parchmentlined cookie sheet.nUsing your thumb, make a slight indentation in each cookie. Fill each indentation with the filling of your choice.nChill the cookies while you preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBake the cookies until lightly browned, about 15 to 17 minutes.nDust with confectioners sugar before you serve., ingredients: [8 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 egg, slightly beaten, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Confectioners sugar, as needed, Canned fruit filling, like apricot or prune, as needed], title: Kolachky, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 6282: {instructions: Combine the scallops, tomatoes, herbs, peppers, olive oil, and hot sauce. Add enough lime juice to cover the scallops. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Marinate, covered, in the refrigerator at least 1 hour and up to 8 hours, stirring occasionally.nTrim the cucumber slices with a round, fluted cutter to remove the rind. Scoop a pocket out of the middle of the cucumber slices. Do not cut all the way through the slice. Fill the cucumber cups with the seviche. Garnish each seviche cup with a small dot of sour cream and a cilantro leaf., ingredients: [6 ounces sea scallops, cut into brunoise, 1 tomato, peeled and seeded, cut into brunoise, 1 teaspoon minced chives, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, 12 jalapeno, minced, 14 green pepper, cut into brunoise, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 5 drops hot pepper sauce, 1 to 2 limes, juiced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 cucumbers sliced 12inch thick 30 slices total, Sour cream, as needed, 2 teaspoons cilantro leaves], title: Scallop Seviche in Cucumber Cups, picturelink: null}, 6283: {instructions: Place rice on the stovetop to cook.nCut chicken on an angle across the breast into thin strips. Cut strips across into bite size pieces. Set chicken aside. Wash hands and cutting board.nWhen the rice is 6 or 7 minutes away from being done, begin your stir fry.nHeat a wok, wok shaped skillet, or large nonstick skillet over high heat. When the pan smokes, add wok or light cooking oil, and hot chile oil. Sprinkle in crushed pepper flakes. Add chicken and stir fry 2 minutes. Add onions, red bell peppers, and garlic and stirfry for 1 or 2 more minutes. Add fish sauce. Remove the pan from heat and add basil. Toss chicken dish until basil wilts.nServe chicken and peppers with prepared rice, salad with peanut dressing.nHeat peanut butter in microwave in a small microwave safe dish on high for 15 seconds to soften. Transfer peanut butter to a bowl. Whisk in oil, soy, vinegar, sugar, and cayenne pepper.nPile lettuce, bean spouts, and carrots on a serving platter. Drizzle liberally with peanut dressing and serve.nPreparation time: 10 minutesnCooking time: nonenEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [2 cups jasmine rice, prepared to directions on the package, 1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast, 1 tablespoon 1 turn around the pan wok or light colored oil, 1 tablespoon hot chile oil, 12 to 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 small to medium onion, thinly sliced, 2 red bell peppers, seeded and thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan in thin stream or 2 splashes fish sauce, 20 leaves fresh sweet basil, torn, Serving suggestion: Thai Salad with Peanut Dressing, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons chunky style peanut butter, 2 tablespoons light oil, vegetable or canola, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, a splash, 2 tablespoons 2 splashes rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon 2 pinches cayenne pepper, 1 small head Iceberg lettuce, shredded, 2 cups fresh bean spouts, 2 carrots, grated or peeled into curls with a vegetable peeler], title: Spicy Chicken with Peppers and Basil, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 6284: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F 375 degrees if using a Pyrex or darkfinish pan. Grease an 8inch round metal or Pyrex pan or a ceramic souffle dish.nCombine the flour, cornmeal, wheat germ, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl.nMake a well in the center of the dry ingredients and add the egg, buttermilk, butter, honey, and marmalade. Using a large spoon or dough whisk, stir just until all of the ingredients are moistened yet thoroughly blended take care not to overmix.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake on the center rack of the oven for about 20 to 25 minutes, or until dark golden around the edges and a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean. The top should feel firm to the touch. Let stand for 30 minutes in the pan before cutting into thick wedges, ingredients: [34 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 23 cup yellow cornmeal, preferably stoneground, 1 tablespoon toasted wheat germ, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 1 cup cultured buttermilk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons orange marmalade], title: The Kids Corn Bread, picturelink: null}, 6285: {instructions: In large ziptop bag, add lamb, lemon pepper marinade, minced garlic, paprika, and mint. Squeeze out air and let marinade at room temperature for 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace sliced onions in bottom of roasting pan. Remove lamb from bag and place on top of onions. Pour marinade mixture over lamb.nPlace in preheated oven and immediately reduce heat to 375 degrees F. Roast for approximately 30 minutes per pound or until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat registers 165 degrees F.nRemove from oven and tent with aluminum foil and let rest for 10 minutes before carving.nServe with Saffron Couscous.nIn a medium saucepan, bring broth, saffron, and salt to a boil. Remove from heat and stir in couscous. Cover and set aside for 5 minutes.nTransfer cooked couscous to a medium bowl and fluff with a fork. Add remaining ingredients and toss to combine., ingredients: [3 pounds boneless leg of lamb, rinsed and patted dry, 12ounce bottle lemon pepper dressing, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon paprika, 12 cup mint leaves, chopped, 1 onion, thinly sliced, Saffron Couscous with Goat Cheese, recipe follows, 2 cups low sodium chicken broth, 1 pinch saffron threads, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 10ounce box instant couscous, 12 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 13 cup dried apricots, chopped, 13 cup raisins, 4 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, 12 cup nicoise olives, pitted, 14 cup finely chopped parsley leaves], title: Lemon and Mint Roasted Lamb, picturelink: null}, 6286: {instructions: To make the dough: Mix the salt and flour in a medium bowl or a food processor. With a pastry blender, incorporate the butter until crumbs have formed. Add the water a few tablespoons at a time, until you can form a ball. Knead the dough for about 5 minutes. Let it rest for about 15 minutes more. You can prepare the dough in advance and refrigerate it.nTo make the filling: Boil the potatoes until tender. Drain and set aside.nIf using fresh carrots, chop and simmer in water, to cover, in a small pot. Add the corn and peas to barely cook. Set aside to cool.nHeat the oil in a pan and fry the onion until golden. Add the garlic, ginger, and chile and cook for 2 minutes. Add the garam masala, turmeric, chile powder, and salt and cook 2 minutes more.nIn a bowl combine the mashed potatoes, the onion and spice mixture, carrots, peas, corn, lemon juice, and chopped coriander. Mix well.nTo assemble the samosas: Divide the dough into 9 equal size balls. On a floured surface, roll each ball into a 5inch circle. Cut each circle in half.nBrush the straightedge side with a little water, fold it in half, and align the two straight sides so they overlap to form a cone shape. Squeeze the edges together to make a tight seal. Place approximately 1 generous tablespoon of filling inside each cone, leaving the top edge clean. Moisten the inside top rim of the cone and press the edges together to make another tight seal. Place the samosas on a tray until ready to fry. Repeat with the remaining dough and filling.nHeat approximately 3 inches of vegetable oil in a deep saucepan. Fry several samosas at a time, being careful not to crowd them. When 1 side turns golden brown, flip it over to brown on the other side. Drain on paper towels. Serve with chutney., ingredients: [34 teaspoon salt, 2 14 cups selfrising flour, 6 tablespoons 34 stick butter, cut in small pieces, 9 tablespoons water, 1 12 pounds potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, 1 cup fresh or frozen mixed peas, corn, and carrots, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh ginger, 12 habenero chile, minced, 12 teaspoon garam masala spice blend, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon red chile powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander leaves, Vegetable oil, for frying, Chutney, for serving], title: Spiced Potatostuffed Pastries: Samosas, picturelink: T5ilRbPr5EQ6MFrp8X4GT6rMBGQqkN.}, 6287: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the dried figs and cranberries in a small saucepan and pour in the Calvados and 12 cup water. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat, then lower the heat and simmer for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a large 12inch skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and celery and saute until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the sausage, crumbling it into small bits with a fork, and saute, stirring frequently, for 10 minutes, until cooked and browned. Add the figs and cranberries with the liquid, the chopped rosemary, and pine nuts, and cook for 2 more minutes. Scrape up the brown bits with a wooden spoon.nPlace the stuffing mix in a large bowl. Add the sausage mixture, chicken stock, egg, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper and stir well. The stuffing may be prepared ahead and stored in the refrigerator overnight.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place a baking rack on a sheet pan.nLay the butterflied turkey breast skin side down on a cutting board. Sprinkle the meat with 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Spread the stuffing in a 12inchthick layer over the meat, leaving a halfinch border on all sides. Dont mound the stuffing or the turkey will be difficult to roll. Place the leftover stuffing in a buttered gratin dish and bake for the last 45 minutes of roasting alongside the turkey. Starting at 1 end, roll the turkey like a jelly roll and tuck in any stuffing that tries to escape on the sides. Tie the roast firmly with kitchen twine every 2 inches to make a compact cylinder.nPlace the stuffed turkey breast seam side down on the rack on the sheet pan. Brush with the melted butter, sprinkle generously with salt and pepper, and roast for 1 34 to 2 hours, until an instantread thermometer registers 150 degrees F in the center. I test in a few places. Cover the turkey with aluminum foil and allow it to rest at room temperature for 15 minutes. Carve 12inchthick slices and serve warm with the extra stuffing., ingredients: [34 cup largediced dried figs, stems removed, 34 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup Calvados or brandy, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 12 cups diced onions 2 onions, 1 cup 12inchdiced celery 3 stalks, 34 pound pork sausage, casings removed sweet and hot mixed, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 3 cups herbseasoned stuffing mix recommended: Pepperidge Farm, 1 12 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 1 extralarge egg, beaten, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 whole 2 halves turkey breast, boned and butterflied 5 pounds, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Roasted Turkey Roulade, picturelink: pRfvbSWqSYUJaKezsfhS7bslSvmUzG}, 6288: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Make a series of 18inch slices along each potato, slicing 23 of the way through. Stir together the butter, oil, thyme, garlic, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Rub the potatoes all over with the mixture, getting in between the slices. Place on the baking sheet and roast until the center of the potatoes are tender and the outside is crisp, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Halfway through the roasting time, remove the potatoes from the oven and run a fork gently across the tops of the potatoes, using light pressure, to fan the slices and separate them from one another. Meanwhile, stir the yogurt and scallions with a pinch salt and a pinch pepper. Serve the sauce with the potatoes., ingredients: [4 medium sweet potatoes, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 garlic clove, finely grated on a microplane, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup nonfat Greekstyle yogurt, 1 scallion, white and green parts chopped], title: Hasselback Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 6289: {instructions: Arrange all of the fondue elements on a platter.nServe Enriched Chocolate Sauce warm with the fondue elements.nIn a medium saucepan over low heat, bring the cream, sugar, cinnamon and butter to a rolling boil. Remove from the heat, add the chocolate and stir until the chocolate melts. Add the rum and stir in the orange zest before serving., ingredients: [1 pint fresh strawberries, washed, dried and hulled, 1 pint fresh raspberries, 2 bananas, peeled, cut into 2 to 2 12inch slices, 12 ounces thick, salted pretzels, 4 ounces dried apricots, 6 ounces roasted, salted almonds, 4 to 6 recipes Enriched Chocolate Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 teaspoons dark rum, 18 teaspoon grated orange zest], title: Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: espRVtjFmPkSGZn3HK2Pd41E3i8pW}, 6290: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nCook sausage in the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until browned and crisp. Remove from heat.nPress the thawed dough into a 15inch circle. Top dough with spinach and sundried tomatoes. Top with chopped scallops, baby clams and half of the sausage, then both cheeses. Sprinkle with dried oregano. Bake 10 to 12 minutes, until cheese melts., ingredients: [1 cup diced andouille or chorizo sausage, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 1pound refrigerated or frozen pizza or bread dough, thawed, 1 6ounce can baby clams, drained, 2 cooked scallops, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 10ounce package frozen spinach, thawed and well drained, 1 cup oilpacked sundried tomatoes, 2 cups shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Vongole Pizza with Andouille, Clams and Scallops, picturelink: bp2HXKn59nxLTFYhRcnOVWx1JzfYZ1.}, 6291: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9inch round cake pan.nFor the topping: Melt the butter, brown sugar and lemon juice together in a microwavesafe small bowl in the microwave. Spread the mixture over the bottom of the prepared pan. Cover it with the starfruit slices by nestling them next to one another and overlapping it will look crowded. Set aside.nFor the cake: Spread the pecans out on a baking sheet, and bake until nicely toasted, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool, then pulse in a food processor until finely ground. Whisk together the ground pecans, flour, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, nutmeg, salt and allspice. Set aside.nBeat the butter and brown sugar with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, beating to incorporate after each addition. Scrape down the side of the bowl as needed. Adjust the mixer speed to low, and add half the flour mixture, then the yogurt, then the remaining flour.nPour the batter into the pan, spread it out into an even layer and give it a few taps on the counter. Bake until golden brown, a toothpick or cake tester comes out clean in the center and the cake pulls away from the edges, 45 to 50 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack until the pan is cool enough to handle, then run a knife along the edge and invert the cake onto a serving platter. Let cool completely before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the pan, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, Juice of 12 lemon, 3 or 4 small starfruit, cut into 14inchthick stars and seeds removed, 12 cup pecans, 1 14 cups whole wheat pastry flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 cup lowfat yogurt], title: Star Fruit UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: Urcqk7FEMhLfKLFmpi4N445.xcfxN1q}, 6292: {instructions: For the simple syrup: Bring the sugar and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. When the sugar is completely dissolved, remove the saucepan from the heat and cool the syrup to room temperature.nFor the vodka tonic: Muddle the cranberries, orange peel and 1 to 2 tablespoons simple syrup depending on how sweet you like your drink in a rocks glass. Add the orange juice, vodka and orange liquor, fill 34 of way with the tonic and add ice cubes. Serve immediately. Reserve the remaining simple syrup for another use. It will keep in the refrigerator, covered, for up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 6 fresh or frozen and thawed cranberries, One 2inch strip orange peel, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 shot 1 12 ounces best quality cinnamon vodka, 1 teaspoon orange liquor, such as Triple Sec, Plain, cranberry or orange flavored tonic water], title: CranberryOrangeCinnamon Vodka Tonic, picturelink: fz5SAEjIbmxbM3nsYWln9ePhNs32a6}, 6293: {instructions: Combine the artichokes, halfandhalf, garlic, red pepper flakes and 14 teaspoon salt in a large skillet and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cover and cook until the artichokes are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the peas and continue to cook, covered, until tender, about 5 more minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the lemon zest and juice. Discard the garlic clove.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the agnolotti and cook as the label directs. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain the pasta and transfer to the skillet with the sauce.nAdd the parmesan to the skillet and gently stir until the pasta is coated. Thin the sauce with some of the reserved cooking water. Stir in the basil.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 9ounce package frozen artichoke hearts, thawed and coarsely chopped, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 1 cup frozen peas do not thaw, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 pound refrigerated cheese agnolotti moonshaped stuffed pasta or ravioli, 14 cup finely grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup torn fresh basil leaves], title: Agnolotti With Artichoke Sauce, picturelink: FKlkt21ssS7gXI1am2sjlHlfsuiZyi}, 6294: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill to mediumhigh heat and shut the lid. Let the grill heat for 20 minutes.nSprinkle your work surface with flour. Flatten the Homemade Pizza Dough with your hands and use your fingertips around the edges to define the crust. Flatten the center and stretch the pizza to a 12inch round while rotating. You can toss it up into the air to get a nice stretch.nHave all of your sauces, olive oil, toppings and spoons set out on a sheet tray next to your grill. You have to have everything prepped and ready to go when grilling pizzas.nTurn one side of your grill down to medium and keep the other side of the grill on mediumhigh. Place the dough on the mediumhigh side of the grill and quickly brush all over with olive oil. Let the dough cook just until the dough is firm on the bottom and has some nice char marks, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip the dough over to the cooler side of the grill by using either a sheet tray turned upside down or a pizza peel.nBrush the other side of the dough with olive oil, then top the pizza. Spread the Red Sauce out from the center, leaving an edge for the crust. Spread out the mozzarella, then evenly distribute the pepperoni, salami and jalapenos. Close the grill and cook until the cheese is melted and the crust is cooked through, about 5 minutes.nRemove with a pizza peel or sheet tray. Place on a cutting board and slice up and serve. Sprinkle with some Parmesan before serving.nStir the yeast, warm water and honey together in the bottom of a standing mixer bowl. Stir in 12 cup of the allpurpose flour. Mix until combined. Let sit until the mixture looks bubbly and foamy and the yeast is activated, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Once the oven is warm, turn it off. Outfit a standing mixer with a dough hook. Oil a large bowl with olive oil.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the remaining 34 cups allpurpose flour, the bread flour and salt until well blended.nTurn the mixer on and add the cold water and olive oil to the bubbly yeast mixture. Add the flour by scoopfuls. Knead for 5 minutes until the dough comes together into a ball. Sprinkle some flour down on your cutting board and knead the dough by hand for another minute or so until its smooth and elastic. Place the dough in the bowl and flip to coat all sides with oil. Cover with a kitchen towel and wait until doubled in size, about 2 hours.nPunch down and let rise again for 1 12 more hours.nSplit the dough into 2 equalsize balls, cover with a slightly damp tea towel and let rest for 10 minutes before stretching.nHeat the olive oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Once hot, add the garlic and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Quickly hit with the red chili powder. Stir in the crushed tomatoes and some salt and pepper and simmer on medium low for 5 minutes. Season again with salt and pepper, turn off the heat and stir in the basil., ingredients: [Allpurpose flour, for sprinkling, 1 ball Homemade Pizza Dough, recipe follows, at room temperature, Olive oil, for brushing, 12 cup Red Sauce, recipe follows, 34 cup shredded part skim mozzarella, 18 pound sliced pepperoni, 18 pound sliced salami, 1 red jalapeno, sliced, Freshly grated Parmesan, for serving, One 14ounce package active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 12 cup lukewarm water, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for bowl, 3 cups bread flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 cups cold water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 18 teaspoon red chili powder, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, torn], title: Meat Pizza with Red Sauce, picturelink: 7uORYXSobU2CE5zZmUHPan1rfnni.}, 6295: {instructions: Put the chicken in a large baking dish and sprinkle on the pepper and salt. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nPut the flour in a large, sturdy plastic bag. Add the chicken, a few pieces at a time, and shake to coat shake off any excess flour.nIn a large cast iron skillet, heat the oil until simmering. Add the chicken pieces and fry over moderate heat, turning until golden and cooked through, about 30 minutes, Lower the heat if the chicken gets too dark., ingredients: [1 3 12 pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, rinsed and patted dry, 12 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup vegetable oil, for frying], title: Hatties Southern Fried Chicken, picturelink: G6CYzFj0rzP1Qd3S9V2f6o0sCqQ4z9C}, 6296: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan, saute onion in oil until caramelized. Add cherry juice, vinegar, chipotle peppers two packages of dried cherries, garlic, paprika and pickled cherry peppers. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and let simmer until chipotle peppers are completely softened, at least 30 minutes.nRemove from heat and let cool. In a food processor, puree this mixture together with the remaining two packages of dried cherries, the tomato paste, roasted red peppers and cherry preserves until smooth.nPush puree through a fine mesh strainer into a saucepan. Add sugar and salt to taste. Add whisky. Return to stove and bring back to a boil. Reduce heat and let simmer for another 20 minutes or so. Adjust salt and sugar., ingredients: [1 yellow onion, chopped fine, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 can cherry juice concentrate, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 3 chipotle peppers, stems removed, 4 packages dried sour cherries, 8 cloves garlic, chopped fine, 1 tablespoon paprika, 6 to 8 pickled cherry peppers, stems removed, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup sour cherry preserves, 1 12 oz. jar roasted red peppers, with liquid, 2 tablespoons rye or bourbon whisky, 2 tablespoons sugar or more, Salt to taste], title: Cherry Bomb Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 6297: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a medium bowl, toss the squash with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spread in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet and roast until golden and caramelized at the edges, stirring at least once, 40 to 55 minutes. Let cool.nBring the vegetable stock to a boil in a small saucepan. Reduce the heat and maintain at a bare simmer.nHeat the remaining 4 tablespoons oil in a large, highsided, heavybottomed skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic cook just until it releases its fragrance, about 30 seconds, then add the rice and stir to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Stir in the wine and cook until almost completely evaporated. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and add a ladleful of stock cook, stirring constantly, until almost completely absorbed. Add another ladleful again, cook, stirring, until almost fully absorbed. Continue in this manner until the rice is creamy and al dente tender but still firm to the bite, about 40 minutesyou may or may not use all the stock.nRemove the risotto from the heat and stir in the Parmesan if using and the squash, reserving some cubes for garnish. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve immediately, garnished with the reserved squash cubes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds butternut squash, peeled  cut into 12inch cubes 1 medium squash, 6 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 cups vegetable stock, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 cups Arborio rice, 14 cup dry white wine, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, optional], title: Roasted Butternut Squash Risotto, picturelink: VNQXQGKWYsy4GRo3fW.b99jkVPynMGi}, 6298: {instructions: Preheat a deep fryer filled with oil to 365 degrees F, or fill a large deep skillet with a few inches of oil and heat to 365 degrees F.nFor the wings: In a bowl, combine the flour, granulated garlic, black pepper, Lawrys Seasoned Salt and Italian seasoning. Toss the wings in the seasoned flour.nFry the wings in batches until golden brown and cooked through, about 6 minutes. If using the skillet, flip the wings once halfway through cooking. Drain the wings on paper towels to soak up any extra oil.nFor the dipping sauce: In a bowl, combine the buttermilk, sour cream, vinegar and garlic. Stir in the blue cheese and season with salt and pepper.nSprinkle the wings with the Parmesan. Serve the wings warm with the sauce for dipping and some carrot and celery sticks on the side., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 12 teaspoons granulated garlic, 2 14 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 14 teaspoons Lawrys Seasoned Salt, 2 14 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 3 pounds chicken wing drumettes, 23 cup buttermilk, 13 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Shredded Parmesan, for sprinkling, Carrot sticks and celery sticks, for serving], title: Little Italy Wings with Blue Cheese Sauce, picturelink: gY26r1HeMzH3YE79aWoBQXvoJZmVfO}, 6299: {instructions: Fill a large mixing bowl with cold water. With a swivelbladed vegetable peeler, peel each potato and remove any eyes, then cut it in quarters with a sharp knife and put in the bowl of water.nPut the potatoes in a large pot and add cold water to cover them. Salt the water. Over high heat, bring the water to a boil, skimming off foam that rises to the surface then reduce the heat to maintain a simmer and cook the potatoes just until tender enough to be pierced easily with a skewer or a sharp knife tip.nWhile the potatoes are boiling, prepare the onions: In a deepfryer or a deep, heavy saucepan, heat about 3 inches of oil to 375 degrees F. Lightly dust the onion rings with flour and carefully drop them into the hot oil, cooking them in batches if necessary to avoid overcrowding. Fry them until golden, 3 to 5 minutes, removing them with a slotted spoon or wire skimmer to drain on paper towels. Season lightly with salt and keep warm.nWhen the potatoes are done, drain them immediately. Using a ricer or a food mill, puree the potatoes into a mixing bowl. Add the nutmeg, 8 tablespoons of the butter, and the hot cream. With a wooden spoon, stir them into the potatoes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nMound the potatoes in a heated serving bowl. Put the remaining butter in a saucepan or skillet and, over mediumhigh heat, melt it and continue cooking just until it turns golden brown. Lightly season the butter with salt and immediately drizzle it over the potatoes.nPile the crispy onions on top of the mashed potatoes. Garnish with parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 12 pounds Yukon gold or other yellowfleshed potatoes, Salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 pound onions, cut crosswise into thin slices and separated into rings, Allpurpose flour, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 12 tablespoons 6 ounces unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, at room temperature, 12 cup heavy cream, brought to a boil, Freshly ground white pepper, Fresh parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Creamy Mashed Potatoes with Crispy Brown Onions, picturelink: null}}