{6600: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 paper cupcake liners, a 12cup muffin pannFor the cupcakes: Place an oven rack in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with paper liners.nIn a small bowl combine the walnuts, 1 cup mini chocolate chips and 1 tablespoon of the brownie mix. Toss until all the ingredients are coated. Set aside.nIn a large bowl mix together the remaining brownie mix, eggs, vegetable oil, and water. Stir for 20 seconds until blended. Fold in the walnuts and chocolate chips. Spoon the mixture into the prepared pan cupcake liners will be full. Bake for 22 to 25 minutes until a cake tester inserted into the cupcakes comes out with moist fudgy crumbs. Cool the cupcakes in the pan for 10 minutes. Transfer the cupcakes to a wire rack and cool completely before frosting, about 30 minutes.nFor the frosting: In a large bowl, using an electric hand mixer, beat the cheeses together until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Gradually beat in the powdered sugar until smooth and spreadable. Refrigerate the frosting until ready to use.nSpread the frosting on top of the cupcakes and garnish with the remaining mini chocolate chips. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup finely chopped walnuts, 1 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips, plus 14 cup for garnish, 1 21ounce box brownie mix recommended: Duncan Hines Chewy Fudge, 2 eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup water, 4 ounces mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 3 cups powdered sugar, sifted], title: Chocolate Chip Walnut Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 6601: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.n4 hamburger buns, warmednFor the BBQ sauce: Combine the ketchup, brown sugar, vinegar, Worcestershire, cayenne, red pepper flakes and salt and black pepper in a small bowl.nFor the spice rub: Combine the paprika, oregano, black pepper, brown sugar, salt and cayenne in a medium bowl and toss with your fingers to mix. Rub the spice mixture onto the pork on all sides.nPlace the pork in a slow cooker insert. Add 12 cup BBQ sauce and cover the slow cooker. Cook on high until the pork is forktender, 4 to 5 hours, or on low, 8 to 10 hours. Transfer the pork to a carving board. Let the pork stand, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile add 2 tablespoons of the simmering pork liquids to the remaining BBQ sauce. Bring the BBQ sauce to a simmer in a small saucepan over low heat, about 10 minutes.nFor the tangy carrots: Pour the vinegar into a medium bowl and sprinkle with the granulated sugar. Whisk until well combined. Add the parsley and carrots and toss. Sprinkle with salt and black pepper.nUsing two forks, shred the pork and discard any excess fat. Heap the pork onto the buns and top with extra BBQ sauce and the tangy carrots. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup ketchup, 13 cup brown sugar, 13 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne, One 2 12pound boneless pork shoulder, excess fat trimmed, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 1 12 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 2 carrots, shredded, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich, picturelink: F2NzhfJlD0Pn5jUJKNUBjP8qE7jXWwm}, 6602: {instructions: Special equipment: Hickory wood chunks 10 pounds hardwood charcoal, dividednSprinkle pork with salt. Cover and chill for 30 minutes.nPrepare charcoal fire with half of charcoal in grill. Let burn 15 to 20 minutes or until covered with gray ash. Push coals evenly into piles on both sides off grill. Carefully place 2 hickory chunks on top of each pile, and place food rack on grill.nPlace pork, meaty side down, on rack directly in center of grill. Cover with lid, leaving ventilation holes completely open.nPrepare an additional charcoal fire with 12 briquettes in an auxiliary grill or fire bucket. let burn for 30 minutes or until covered with gray ash. Carefully add 6 briquettes to each pile in smoker. Place 2 more hickory chunks on each pile. repeat procedure every 30 minutes. You will continue to cook the pork, covered for 5 hours and 30 minutes, or until meat thermometer inserted into the thickest portion registers at least 165 degrees F. Turn the pork once during the last 2 hours.nRemove pork from the grill. Cool slightly. Chop and serve with Cider Vinegar Barbecue Sauce or Peppery Vinegar Sauce.nStir together all ingredients in a medium saucepan. Cover over medium heat, stirring constantly for 7 minutes or until sugar dissolves. Cover and chill sauce until ready to serve.nYield: 2 cupsnStir all ingredients together, blending well.nYield: 4 cups, ingredients: [1 5 to 6 pound pork shoulder or Boston butt pork roast, 2 teaspoons salt, 10 pounds hardwood charcoal, divided, Hickory wood chunks, Cider Vinegar Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows optional, Peppery Vinegar Sauce, recipe follows optional, 1 12 cups cider vinegar, 13 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 14 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon browning and seasoning sauce, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon pepper, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 quart cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon dried crushed red pepper, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons pepper], title: Smoked Pork Shoulder, picturelink: YxEPNtxEcgJDGgBceWF8I9T6i7n.yrC}, 6603: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nWhisk the sugar, egg whites, cranberry, orange zest, vanilla and salt in a large bowl. Toss the coconut with the egg mixture until completely coated.nMoisten your finger tips with water. Form about 1 heaping tablespoon of the batter into pointed mounds or pyramids on the prepared pans, spacing them about 1inch apart.nBake until the edges are golden brown and the entire macaroon is nicely toasted and dry, 16 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool. Serve.nStore macaroons in a tightly sealed container for up to a week., ingredients: [23 cup sugar, 2 large egg whites, lightly beaten, 12 cup dried cranberries, finely chopped, Finely grated zest of 1 orange, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 3 cups about 8 ounces finely shredded unsweetened coconut], title: CoconutCranberry Macaroon, picturelink: BA.tcxYvOkIsj6De1VgYvtX119wNJmy}, 6604: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSqueeze the excess water from the spinach and put it in a large mixing bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and mix well by hand. Form the mixture into 1inch balls, either by hand or with a small ice cream scoop. Place the balls closely together on a baking sheet.nCook in the top half of the oven until firm to the touch, about 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes, and then transfer to a platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound package frozen chopped spinach, thawed, 5 eggs, 1 large onion, minced, 10 tablespoons margarine, melted, 1 cup shredded Parmesan, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 1 34 cups Italianstyle bread crumbs], title: Spinach Parmesan Balls, picturelink: null}, 6605: {instructions: Saute onions, bell peppers and mushrooms in olive oil until tender. Add garlic about halfway through saute. Work the steak sauce through the raw ground beef. Remove vegetables from pan and set aside. Add ground beef to the pan and brown beef with 12 tablespoon of oregano, black pepper, and 12teaspoon salt. Drain the fat from the pan. Add the vegetables back to the pan with the beef. Add tomato sauce, tomato paste and 1 12 cans diced tomatoes. These may or may not be needed, the recipe is somewhat imprecise.nGradually add the remaining oregano and the wine, stirring occasionally. Simmer for 25 minutes. Add pinch of sugar. Add cooked spaghetti noodles and mix thoroughly. Pour 12 of the spaghetti mixture into a greased baking pan. Top with sliced cheddar cheese. Add remaining spaghetti mixture and top with mozzarella and Parmesan. If the pepperoni is low fat, it can be added on top of the cheese at this time. If not, it should be cooked in the microwave for 2 minutes, on a paper towel, until the grease runs out, then added 5 minutes before the spaghetti is ready to come out of the oven. Bake 20 minutes at 375 degrees F., ingredients: [2 small onions, chopped, 1 small green bell pepper, chopped, 23 pound sliced button mushrooms, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 to 8 cloves garlic, chopped or minced, 3 tablespoons steak sauce, 2 pounds ground beef, 3 tablespoons oregano, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 14 ounce can tomato sauce, 1 2 12 ounce can tomato paste, 2 14 ounce cans diced tomatoes Italian style preferred, not required, 23 cup Burgundy wine, 1 pinch sugar, 1 pound package spaghetti, cooked to al dente, 1 pound sharp cheddar, sliced thickly, 1 pound mozzarella, thickly sliced, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 large stick pepperoni, cut into 14inch slices], title: Baked Pizza Spaghetti, picturelink: null}, 6606: {instructions: For the shrimp: In a medium pot filled with water squeeze the lemon and drop in along with the onion, salt, bay leaf, and peppercorns. Bring to a boil over high heat, simmer for 5 minutes to develop the flavors.nReduce the heat to medium and add the shrimp. Gently cook until the shrimp turn pink and opaque. Strain, cool, and peel the shrimp. Refrigerate to chill through, about 30 minutes.nFor the sauce: In a small pot combine the ketchup, horseradish, lemon juice, and hot sauce. Warm over medium low heat to develop the flavors, about 5 minutes. Chill in the refrigerator, about 30 minutes. Stir in the parsley just before serving., ingredients: [1 lemon, halved, 1 onion, quartered, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 bay leaf, 10 black peppercorns, 1 pound shrimp, unpeeled, 1 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons grated fresh horseradish, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves], title: Shrimp Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 6607: {instructions: Combine the milk, vanilla, and cinnamon in a heavy pot. Slowly bring the mixture just to the boil over medium heat, being careful not to scorch the milk. Reduce the heat to low, add the rice, and cook at a low simmer for 1 hour, uncovered and stirring occasionally, or until the rice is thoroughly cooked and creamy. Remove from the heat. Stir in the cherries and the sugar and cool as quickly as possible. Refrigerate until completely cold.nWhip the heavy cream into stiff peaks with an electric mixer. Using a spatula, fold the cream into the chilled pudding, spoon into pudding cups, and serve immediately or refrigerate until needed., ingredients: [3 cups whole milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 cup uncooked white rice, 12 cup dried cherries that have been rehydrated in 14 cup warm brandy, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Dried Cherry Rice Pudding, picturelink: null}, 6608: {instructions: Special equipment: A 2inch biscuit cutter and a sealable plastic container at least 1 quart for making whipped creamnMake the strawberries first: Mix the sliced strawberries with the sugar and a squeeze of lemon in a large bowl. Set them aside, stirring a few times, until they are nice and juicy, about 30 minutes.nMake the biscuits: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Add the cream. Add the lemon zest and juice. Stir the mixture with a wooden spoon until it just forms a dough. Gather the dough into a ball and transfer it to a floursprinkled surface. Pat it into a 12inchthick circle. Cut as many mini biscuits as you can with a 2inch biscuit cutter. Gently press the scraps together and repeat. Arrange the rounds 1 inch apart on 2 parchmentlined baking sheets. Brush them with more cream and sprinkle with a little sugar. Bake them in the middle of the oven until they are just golden, about 12 minutes. Cool the biscuits while you make the whipped cream.nMake the whipped cream: Combine the cream with the sugar and vanilla in a sealable container. Whisk or shake with the lid on until soft peaks form.nTo serve: Split the biscuits with a fork and spoon some juicy strawberries and whipped cream on the bottom halves of the biscuits. Place the top halves on top. Add more whipped cream and a mint leaf to each, if using., ingredients: [Berries:, 1 quart berries, hulled and sliced can be done the night before, 14 cup sugar, 1 lemon, Biscuits can be measured ahead of time:, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more flour for the work surface, 3 tablespoons sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups heavy cream, plus more for brushing, Zest and juice from 12 lemon, Whipped cream:, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 13 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Fresh mint, for optional garnish], title: Kids Can Make Strawberry Shortcakes, picturelink: fOF5khQeuNDZdIb0cH9yy0OZQbpJppS}, 6609: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt. Add the butter and work it into the flour mixture with your fingers or a pastry blender, until it resembles a coarse meal. Stir in zest and currants.nIn a small bowl, beat the egg and 4 tablespoons of the cream together with a fork. Add to the flour mixture and mix with your hands until the dough just comes together. If the dough seems dry add the extra tablespoon of cream. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Pat the dough into a 6inch round about 1inch thick. Cut into 8 equal sized wedges. Space the scones evenly on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, about 12 to 15 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 34 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes and refrigerated, 2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest, 14 cup dried currants, 1 large egg, 4 to 5 tablespoons heavy cream or halfandhalf], title: Cream Scones with Currants, picturelink: J9mBB528cxtsmw3tt6KGcHS2XKlmwiS}, 6610: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and boil 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Add the chorizo and saute 2 to 3 minutes or until both sides are slightly brown and crisp around the edges. With a slotted spoon transfer sausages to a bowl and set aside. Add the onions, mushrooms and peppers to the remaining fat in the skillet and cook, stirring continuously until the onions and peppers are somewhat tender, about 3 minutes. Add the caraway seeds, water and cooked chorizo. Cover and simmer over low heat until peppers and onions are tender, about 5 to 7 minutes. Stir the mixture on occasion so that it does not scorch. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Drain the pasta and return it to the pot off heat. Add the chorizo mixture and sour cream and toss the ingredients together. Adjust seasoning and serve immediately garnished with parsley., ingredients: [12 pound rotelle or other short shaped pasta, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 34 pound chorizo, thinly sliced, 1 onion, finely chopped, 12 pound fresh mushrooms, stemmed and caps thinly sliced, 2 red bell peppers, cut into very thin julienne, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 2 tablespoons water, 12 cup sour cream, Salt and pepper], title: Chic Chorizo and Peppers Over Pasta, picturelink: null}, 6611: {instructions: Put the avocado cubes in a glass bowl. Add the cilantro, tomatoes, red onion, lime juice, jalapeno, cumin, salt and pepper. Gently, using 2 wooden spoons or paddles, work from the outside blending until the avocado cubes start to break up yet chunks still remain. Work slowly, taking time to ensure the guacamole stays chunky and creamy.nIf not serving immediately, press a piece of plastic wrap directly on top of the guacamole to cover it completely so it doesnt brown. When ready to serve the guacamole, garnish with a tortilla chip in the middle of the bowl. Serve with the remaining chips on the side for dipping., ingredients: [6 to 8 readytoeat avocados, cubed, 13 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 2 overripe medium tomatoes, diced, 12 red onion, diced, 12 lime, juiced, 13 large jalapeno with seeds, minced, Large pinch of cumin, Pinch of kosher salt, Pinch of freshly ground black pepper, 1 bag organic white corn tortilla chips], title: Perfect Guacamole, picturelink: cgYZO6ndH.DYZRdjNDcEHbYcbBA0ae}, 6612: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the lower third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough into a 12inch circle. With a pastry brush, brush 1 tablespoon of the oil over the dough. Using the tines of a fork, prick the dough all over. Arrange the zucchini slices in a single layer on top of the dough. Drizzle the zucchini with oil. Bake the dough for 18 to 20 minutes until the edges begin to brown. Remove the bread from the oven, sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of oregano, the cheeses, and the olives. Bake for 5 to 7 minutes until the cheeses are melted and bubbly.nSprinkle the flatbread with the remaining oregano, cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 pound pizza dough, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil plus extra, for drizzling, 1 large 8 ounce zucchini, trimmed and cut into 18inch slices, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, divided, 1 12 cups 4 ounces shredded mozzarella, 1 cup 2 12 ounces grated Pecorino Romano, 12 cup pitted sliced black olives], title: Zucchini and Olive Flatbread, picturelink: fdkJq.g6xlZHontxlej81lbLQnOz38S}, 6613: {instructions: Place the beef into a medium mixing bowl. Add the cream, hot sauce, Worcestershire, salt and pepper. With clean hands, mix the meat well. Set aside.nNext, slice the rolls in half and spread each half with some softened butter. Place the rolls facedown on a skillet over medium heat. Lightly grill the rolls so theyre nice and golden. Let the rolls cool on a plate until you need them.nHeat a skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the butter. Form the beef mixture into 6 patties and place in the skillet, in batches if needed. Allow each to cook about 4 minutes on the first side, flip them and place a slice of Cheddar on to melt.nWhen the patties are done in the middle, place them on the base of the halved buns. Top each with 2 pieces of the bacon and top with the other half of the rolls., ingredients: [3 pounds 8020 ground beef, 13 cup heavy cream, 6 to 8 dashes hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 4 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 6 kaiser rolls, Softened butter, for spreading, plus 2 tablespoons, 6 slices Cheddar, 6 slices cooked bacon, halved], title: Perfect Bacon Cheeseburgers, picturelink: V2Dxap8kxubUOXalMTl4zkejuC7V48e}, 6614: {instructions: Special equipment: a large pastry bag fitted a large plain tip, an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachmentnHeat a small saute pan over low heat and lightly cook the chorizo. Remove from the pan and let cool. Combine the chorizo, cheese, and green onion and set aside.nPut the water, butter, and salt in a heavy 4quart saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally, to melt the butter. Remove from the heat and add the flour all at once. Stir with a wooden spoon until the dough comes together to form a ball. Return the pan to mediumhigh heat and beat constantly until a film develops on the bottom of the pan, about 2 minutes. Do not let it burnnTransfer the dough to an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and continue to beat the dough for about 3 to 4 minutes at high speed. Stir the chorizo mixture into the dough until evenly distributed. Transfer to a pastry bag. On a lightly floured work surface, pipe into 1foot long ropes and cut into 1 12inch pieces. Lightly dust with flour.nPour 2 cups of vegetable oil into a wok and heat to 375 degrees F. Using a metal spoon drop the dough pieces into the hot oil. Fry the chorizo puffs for 2 12 minutes on each side or until golden. Take care not to over crowd the oil. Drain on absorbent paper and season immediately with 1 teaspoon of the Spice Mixture. Repeat until all dough has been used.nServe warm.nStir all the ingredients together in a small bowl. Store in a jar with a tightfitting lid., ingredients: [12 cup finely diced chorizo sausage, casing removed, 34 cup small diced manchego cheese, 14 cup green onions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 1 cup water, 14 pound unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 4 eggs, Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 teaspoons Spice Mixture, recipe follows, 12 cup kosher salt, 14 cup ground coriander, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons Spanish sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper], title: Chorizo Puffs, picturelink: 4HBAszCwovSwYkmYMTBbgOWMhnqU6te}, 6615: {instructions: Cover lentils with cold water by 2 inches in a saucepan, then simmer, uncovered, until just tender, about 20 minutes.nWhile the lentils are simmering, cook bacon in a 12inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until crisp, then transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain, leaving fat in skillet. Add leeks, celery, and carrot to skillet and cook, stirring, until just tender. Add vinegar and boil until most of liquid is evaporated. Remove skillet from heat and stir in tarragon, half of bacon, and salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to a bowl and keep warm, covered, reserving skillet.nDrain lentils well in a large sieve. Stir into vegetable mixture and season with salt and pepper. Keep warm, covered.nWipe skillet with paper towels, then add oil and heat over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Fry eggs in batches until whites are just set but yolks are still runny and season with salt and pepper. Divide lentil salad among 4 plates. Top with spinach, eggs, and remaining bacon., ingredients: [34 cup lentil preferably French green lentils, 6 ounces thickcut bacon, cut crosswise into 14inchthick strips, 2 leeks white and pale green parts only, finely chopped, 2 celery ribs, finely chopped, 1 large carrot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons redwine vinegar, or to taste, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 large eggs, 1 cup baby spinach], title: Fried Eggs Over Warm Lentil Salad with Lardons, picturelink: null}, 6616: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nArrange the lettuce, green onions, cucumber, tomatoes, and corn in a large bowl. Sprinkle the jack cheese over the top. Pour on the Barbeque Sauce and ranch dressing. Top with pulled pork and toss before serving.nIn a large saucepan, combine all ingredients and mix well. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to simmer. Cooked uncovered, stirring frequently every 15 minutes, for 1 hour and 15 minutes., ingredients: [12 head iceberg lettuce, sliced into 12 inch strips, 12 head romaine lettuce, sliced into 12 inch strips, 4 thinly sliced green onions, 1 European cucumber, sliced, 2 pounds ripe tomatoes, quartered, 1 can corn kernels, drained, 2 cups shredded Monterey jack cheese, 14 cup Barbeque Sauce recommended: Neelys Barbeque Sauce, recipe follows, 1 pound pulled pork, Ranch dressing, to taste, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup water, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Barbecue Chopped Salad, picturelink: bHqkvMDieGZbtDqr.rJqO15aJJ8vG8W}, 6617: {instructions: To prepare the custard, whisk together the eggs, sugar and cornstarch in a medium saucepan. Add the milk in a slow stream while whisking constantly over medium heat. Continue whisking or stirring until the mixture just begins to boil. Remove from heat and add the vanilla, stirring well.nWorking quickly while the custard is hot, assemble the pie. Pour the Sambuca into a flat bottomed bowl. Spread a layer of custard in the bottom of the pie crust. Dip the Social Tea Biscuits individually into the Sambuca turning to coat both sides. Place a layer of biscuits on the hot custard, breaking the biscuits if necessary to fill in any large gaps. Continue layering custard and biscuits ending with custard its about 3 layers of custard to 2 layers of biscuits. You will not use the whole box.nTop the pie with a generous splatter of sprinkles. Using a vegetable peeler, place long curls of chocolate on top as well, if desired.nChill pie without cover until set, about 45 minutes.nVariations: By changing the flavors of liqueur, cookies andor custard many different but equally delicious pies can be created. A Frangelicoflavored pie in a prepared chocolate crumb crust is great Use chocolate wafers and chocolate cookies and it tastes like a Bacci hazelnut candy. The combinations are limited only by your imagination and the contents of your liqueur cabinet, ingredients: [2 eggs, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup cornstarch, 1 quart milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 to 1 12 cups Sambuca aniseflavored liqueur, 1 11ounce box Social Tea Biscuits, 1 9inch graham cracker pie crust, 1 container nonpareil multi colored sprinkles, 1 chocolate bar like Hersheys], title: Sambuca Pie, picturelink: null}, 6618: {instructions: Using a biscuit cutter, cookie cutter, or mold, cut a nice hole in the center of the bread. Butter both sides of bread and place in a cast iron saute pan over medium heat. Crack the eggs into the holes and season with salt and pepper. Once the egg starts to set, flip over and continue cooking the other side until set. Serve with Cheese Sauce.nIn a small saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat and stir in the flour. Cook until smooth and bubbly, about 1 minute. Gradually add the warm milk and stir until combined. Stir in the seasonings and cheese. Constantly stir until cheese is smooth, thick and melted., ingredients: [2 slices thick country bread, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 eggs, Salt and pepper, Cheese sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups warm milk, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 18 teaspoon dry mustard, Dash hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 2 cups grated Cheddar, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: OneEyed Sailor, picturelink: jX0ZVr3oziPaImTlSNlE72CThE6SfGC}, 6619: {instructions: Combine water, say sauce, salt garlic powder, curry powder and cooked peas. Add rice by pouring it into the center of the pot until it reaches the top of the water lineNO MORE. Stir well and cover. Continue cooking on a medium to low flame until rice is fluffy and cooked through., ingredients: [1 quart water, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 teaspoon season salt, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon curry powder, 8 ounces blackeyed peas, cooked, About 1 12 to 2 cups raw rice], title: BlackEyed Peas and Rice, picturelink: null}, 6620: {instructions: Combine beans, bell peppers, haricots verts and season to taste with vinaigrette mixed with chopped cilantro leaves. Garnish with red onion., ingredients: [16ounce can black beans, rinsed, drained and dried, 12 red bell pepper, finely chopped, 12 yellow bell pepper, finely chopped, 12 cup steamed haricots verts, chopped into 1 inch lengths, Mustard vinaigrette mixed with cilantro, Thin slices of red onion], title: Black Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 6621: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 plastic straws, cut to 6inch length Toothpicks 4 clear plastic cups, about 3 to 4inches highnPlace about 2 tablespoons of chocolate wafer crumbs in the bottom of each cup. Add 12 cup chocolate ice cream and press down with back of spoon. Place 2 gummy worms in each cup on outside edge and top with another 12 cup of chocolate ice cream. Sprinkle 2 more tablespoons of chocolate crumbs over ice cream. Sprinkle 14 cup green coconut over crumbs for grass. Press a plastic straw into center of each cup for the stem. Place the cups in the freezer and let chill until firm. Make flowers with toothpicks, candy and cookies. To serve, press theflower into the straw and press a jelly candy spearmint leaf into each pot along the stem., ingredients: [1 cup chocolate wafer crumbs, 4 clear plastic cups, about 3 to 4inches high, 4 cups chocolate ice cream, 8 gummy worm candies, 1 cup flaked coconut, tinted with green food coloring, 4 plastic straws, cut to 6inch length, Toothpicks, Gumdrops or other jelly candies, Peanut butter cups, Chocolate or vanilla cookie sandwiches, 4 jelly candy spearmint leaves], title: Ice Cream Flowerpots with Worms, picturelink: null}, 6622: {instructions: In a frosted beer mug filled with ice, combine tomato juice, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce and a splash of olive juice. Pour in cold beer. Garnish with olive., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 12 cup tomato juice, 1 dash Worcestershire sauce, 1 dash hot sauce, Splash olive juice, 1 12ounce bottle ale style beer, Pimento stuffed olive, for garnish], title: Spicy Red Beer, picturelink: HjunK5AwVTwAigFUz1yj6ntDjiKfA2i}, 6623: {instructions: Poach the salmon leave to cool. Meanwhile make the Tomato and Mint Salad. Remove the cores from six tomatoes and quarter. Sprinkle with a little salt, sugar and black pepper. Toss immediately in a little French dressing sprinkle with 1 to 2 teaspoons of chopped mint and basil.nSlice a medium cucumber, sprinkle with salt, 1 to 2 dessertspoons of wine vinegar and plenty of sugar. Stir in 2 teaspoons of finely chopped fennel.nTo assemble the Salmon Mayonnaise, put a portion of salmon on each plate when it is just cold. Garnish with a little lettuce, pipe some Potato Salad onto the lettuce and put a little Tomato and Cucumber Salad on the plate as well as one spoonful of egg mayonnaise. Garnish with tiny spring onions and watercress and a segment of lemon. Additional mayonnaise can be served separately or put into a bowl on each plate.nPiped Potato Salad: Add French dressing, finely chopped parsley, chives and mayonnaise to 1 litre 1 34 pints stiff, freshly mashed potato to taste. Pipe onto individual leaves of lettuce.nMayonnaise: Most people dont seem to be aware that mayonnaise can be made, even with a hand whisk, in under five minutes. The great secret is to have all your ingredients at room temperature and to drip the oil very slowly into the egg yolks at the beginning. Good quality ingredients are essential to a successful mayonnaise.nPut the egg yolks into a bowl with mustard, salt and the white wine vinegar. Put the oil into a measuring jug. Take a whisk in one hand and the oil in the other and drip the oil on to the egg yolks, drop by drop, whisking at the same time. Within a minute you will notice that the mixture is beginning to thicken. When this happens you can add the oil a little faster, but not too quickly or it will suddenly curdle. Taste and add a little more seasoning and vinegar if necessary.nIf the mayonnaise curdles, it will suddenly become quite thin, and if left standing the oil will start to float to the top. You can easily rectify the situation by whisking another egg yolk or 1 to 2 tablespoons of boiling water into the mayonnaise, half a teaspoon at a time, until it emulsifies again.nLower the eggs gently into boiling salted water, bring the water back to the boil and hardboil the eggs for 10 minutes in boiling water. Drain and put immediately into a bowl of cold water. Eggs with a black ring around the yolk have been overcooked. When cold, shell and slice in half lengthways. Sieve the yolks and mix the sieved egg yolk with mayonnaise. Add chopped chives and salt and pepper to taste. Fill into a piping bag and pipe into the whites. Garnish with a sprig of parsley or chervil and serve on a bed of lettuce., ingredients: [2 to 2 12 pound 900 grams to 1.1 kilograms freshly poached salmon, Tomato and Mint Salad, Cucumber and Fennel Salad, Piped Potato Salad, Egg Mayonnaise, recipe follows, Tiny spring onions, Lettuce, Watercress, Segments of lemon, 2 egg yolks, freerange See Disclaimer, 14 teaspoon salt, Pinch of English mustard or 14 teaspoon French mustard, 1 dessert spoon white wine vinegar, 8 fluid ounces 250 milliliters oil sunflower, arachide or olive oil or a mixture we use 6 fluid ounces 175 milliliters archide oil and 2 fluid ounces 50 milliliters olive oil, 4 freerange eggs, 3 to 4 tablespoons homemade mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon finely chopped chives, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste], title: Wild Irish Salmon Mayonnaise with Homemade Mayonnaise and Seasonal Salad, picturelink: null}, 6624: {instructions: Special equipment: 3 to 6 graduated glass cake stands 12 Victorian cake pull charms Varicolored ribbons to tie around cup cakes Flowers, for cake top Regular or silver cupcake paper liners Several muffin tinsnMake the White Buttercream: Put the sugar in a saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer and pour the water down the walls of the pan to moisten the sugar without letting sugar crystals wash up on the walls of the pan. Run your finger through the center making an X to allow the water to seep into the sugar if it hasnt already. Bring the sugar to a boil over high heat and continue cooking to the softball stage 234 degrees F..nMeanwhile, in a standing mixer fitted with the whip attachment, whip the egg whites to soft peaks and hold them on low speed until the sugar is ready. When the sugar syrup is has reached the softball stage, turn the mixer up to high and slowly pour the syrup down the side of the mixer. Let it continue to whip to cool down. When its feeling somewhat cooled but still a little warm, start adding the butter a few pieces at a time until you have a smooth, whipped butter cream. Add the almond extract. Use right away or cover and chill. Rewarm or let sit out to warm up to room temperature to use.nMake the Cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixer with a whip attachment, cream the butter until light and fluffy. Add the sugar and continue to cream. Gradually add the vanilla and eggs and mix in well. Sift together the dry ingredients then mix into the butter mixture alternating with the milk. Pour batter into cupcake paperlined muffin tins filling them 34 full. Bake until puffed and firm in the center and light golden brown on top, about 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool. Freeze at this point, if necessary.nDecorate and Assemble the Cupcakes: Using a small spatula, frost the tops of the cooled cup cakes with the buttercream. Decorate each with a few pearls of fondant.nTie the cake pull charms to the ends of the ribbons.nArrange some of the cupcakes on the largest cake stand, leaving the center empty for the base of the next cake stand. Tuck some of the cake pull charms under some of the cupcakes, dangling the ribbons off the edge of the cake stand. Place the next cake stand in the center and repeat. Make as many tiers as you need. Finish the top with flowers, if youd like., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 4 egg whites, 1 pound butter, cut up and softened slightly, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 cup unsalted butter, 2 cups sugar, 1 14 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 eggs, 3 cups sifted cake flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup milk, Edible pearlized fondant balls in 3 sizes], title: The Perfect Yellow Cupcake, picturelink: ibprAQqwCtHvyrXLau6X9.YMySSwWom}, 6625: {instructions: Add the oil to the Cook and Carry system inner cooking pot over mediumhigh heat and fry the onion for 3 minutes.nAdd the garlic, ginger and cayenne, and cook for just 30 seconds, stirring, to release the volatile oils.nStir in the carrots and apples until they are well coated with spices. Add the rest of the ingredients, stir thoroughly and bring to a full boil. Place the inner cooking pot into the insulated transport container and allow to cook for 4 hours., ingredients: [1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 12 cups chopped onions, 2 garlic cloves, peeled and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cups carrots, peeled and finely sliced, 2 cups apples, peeled, cored and sliced, 12 cup tomato paste, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup molasses, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce plus 1 can water, 12 cup raisins, 1 whole dried chile pepper, 1 bay leaf, 2 pounds dried pinto beans, cooked according to package directions], title: Thermos Spicy Baked Beans, picturelink: LTmriD2fYjQyn2L0XaLYnTVZR5Ht1YW}, 6626: {instructions: Line an 8by8inch baking dish with a sheet of foil large enough to leave a 2inch overhang on all sides. Grease the foil with 1 tablespoon of butter.nMelt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the marshmallows, stirring occasionally until they melt completely, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla and a pinch of salt.nWorking quickly, add the rice cereal and candy to the pot and stir with a rubber spatula until evenly coated. Transfer to the prepared baking dish and press into an even, compact layer. Wet your hands to keep the mixture from sticking. Let sit at room temperature until firm, about 30 minutes. Cut into 16 squares.nStore the treats at room temperature in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, One 10ounce bag mini marshmallows, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt, 6 cups crispy rice cereal, such as Rice Krispies, 1 cup chopped sugarcoated marshmallow chicks, such as Peeps about 8, 1 cup candycoated mini chocolate eggs or other candycoated chocolates, 13 cup chopped chocolate bunnies about one 1.5 ounce hollow bunny], title: Leftover Easter Candy Crispy Treats, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 6627: {instructions: Beat the eggs, halfandhalf or milk, cheese, salt, pepper, nutmeg into a mixing bowl until blended. Stir in ratatouille. Pour ratatouille in pastry shell. Sprinkle with parmesan. Place in upper third of preheated 375 degree oven and bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until quiche has puffed and browned., ingredients: [1 9inch partially cooked pastry shell, 3 large eggs, 1 12 cups halfandhalf or milk, 12 cup grated Swiss cheese, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 cup Ratatouille, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan], title: Ratatouille Quiche, picturelink: null}, 6628: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nTo make Sformato: Brush 4 3inch ramekins with butter and coat with fresh bread crumbs, tapping out and reserving excess. In a large pot of boiling water, blanch celery root with pinch of salt, garlic and thyme for 5 minutes. Remove from water using slotted spoon.nIn a large skillet, on mediumhigh heat, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Add the minced onions and celery root, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until onions are golden. Remove from heat. In a medium bowl, beat eggs and whisk in the pear, chopped parsley, mashed potatoes, celery root mixture and salt and pepper. Fill ramekin half way with celery root mixture. Place 1 fontina cube in the middle, then finish filling ramekin with celery root mixture and cover with reserved bread crumbs. Bake in the oven for 15 minutes.nTo make the cherry sauce: In a medium skillet, heat remaining olive oil on low heat. Add shallots and cook until golden. Add 12 cup of the cherries, molasses, port wine, and veal stock. Reduce the sauce to 1 cup. Strain sauce through a chinois or fine meshed sieve into a clean bowl and whisk in the butter to finish. Season, to taste. Add remaining cherries to sauce. Set aside and keep warm.nTo make the Veal. Brush veal with Dijon mustard. Season with salt and pepper and roll in mixed herbs. In a large skillet, heated on mediumhigh, add olive oil and sear the veal on all sides. Finish to cool in the preheated oven until medium rare, about 5 to 10 minutes. Remove meat from skillet and allow to rest. Slice veal right before servingnOn a large serving platter, arrange celery root sformato on bottom of platter, place sliced veal on top and drizzle with cherries and sauce., ingredients: [Mixed herbs sage, rosemary and thyme finely chopped, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Butter, 12 cup fresh bread crumbs made from day old white sandwich loaf, discarding the crust, 1 pound celery root, peeled, diced into 14inch pieces, Salt, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 sprig thyme, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 Maui onion, minced, 2 large eggs, 1 Forell pear, peeled, cored and cut into 14inch pieces, 2 tablespoons finely chopped Italian parsley leaves, 1 cup mashed potatoes, Four 34inch cubes fontina, 1 medium shallot, finely minced, 34 cup fresh cherries, pitted and quartered, 2 tablespoons molasses, 12 cup port wine, 3 cups veal stock, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 34 pound veal tenderloin], title: Herb Crusted Veal Tenderloin and Celery Root and Pear Sformato with Cherry Sauce, picturelink: 0kUZOl8g11BB8fOmzz0CheoObpE3mX.}, 6629: {instructions: Creole Sauce: In a large soup pot, sweat all your vegetables except for your tomatoes for about 5 to 7 minutes, add your liquid and bring to a simmer. When it begins to boil take a little liquid out and place it in a bowl and slowly stir in your roux, then slowly add that back to the simmering liquid. Let simmer for 15 minutes, add your tomatoes, herbs, seasonings, lemon juice and chili paste. Simmer 10 minutes or until desired taste. In a blender puree everything be careful not to put too much in at one time to prevent from burning yourself.nGarnish: In a large pot, heat oil, sweat all of your vegetables for 2 to 3 minutes. Add your creole sauce, bring to a simmer and let simmer for five minutes. Add your herbs and let simmer for another 2 to 3 minutes.nIn a large stock pot, over high heat, place all ingredients and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer stock for 45 minutes. Strain the liquid and set aside., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, chopped, 14 cup corn, 1 red pepper, large dice, 1 green pepper, large dice, 2 celery sticks, large dice, 1 onion, large dice, 12 cup okra, large slice, 1 gallon vegetable stock, recipe follows, 14 cup brown roux, 12 8ounce can whole peeled plum tomatoes, 2 tablespoons each thyme, sage, rosemary, 2 tablespoons seafood spice, 2 tablespoons sassafrass leaves, Lemon juice, to taste, 1 12 tablespoons chile paste, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup okra, sliced, 14 cup tomatoes, skinned, seeded, diced, 14 cup corn, 14 cup spaghetti squash, 1 red pepper, diced, 1 green pepper, diced, 1 ounce thyme, chopped, 1 ounce sage, chopped, 1 ounce rosemary, chopped, Salt and pepper, to taste, 3 carrots, large dice, 2 stalks celery, large dice, 2 cups mushroom stems, 2 bay leaves, 1 12 onion, large dice, 12 bunch parsley stems, 1 gallon water], title: Vegetable Gumbo, picturelink: null}, 6630: {instructions: Cut the chicken breasts into large cubes. Place the chicken in a large sealable container and pour the spiedie marinade over. Mix well, cover and refrigerate for at least 12 hours best if marinated for 24 hours. Be sure that the meat is fully submerged and to maximize the flavors, stir once or twice throughout the marinating process.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and place the chicken on the grill over medium heat turning frequently. Grill for about 10 to 12 minutes. Cut the largest piece in half to make sure that the meat is cooked all the way through.nSpread butter on the inside of the steak rolls, grill the insides until just crisp and place the chicken on the rolls., ingredients: [2 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 16ounce bottle spiedie marinade available in stores, Butter, softened, 6 steak rolls], title: Chicken Spiedie, picturelink: null}, 6631: {instructions: Line a large sieve with 2 layers of cheesecloth or paper towels and set it over a large bowl.nBring the milk, cream and 1 teaspoon salt to a simmer in a large nonreactive pot over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Add the lemon juice and vinegar and cook, stirring, until the mixture curdles, about 1 minute.nPour the mixture into the prepared sieve and let drain, discarding the liquid whey from the bowl as necessary, at least 5 minutes or up to 30 minutes for thicker cheese. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 4 days.nCrostini Photograph by Kang KimnHowTo Photographs by Ben GoldsteinStudio D., ingredients: [6 12 cups whole milk, 1 12 cups heavy cream, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 12 tablespoons distilled white vinegar], title: Homemade Ricotta, picturelink: lj5QmhgKtTvQWEzlBaaQe4jdSMOhwx2}, 6632: {instructions: Should be crushed fairly fine, either by hand, rolling pin, food processor or spice grinder. Need 2 to 4 cups depending on amount of base food being breaded.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPour 1 to 2 cups of cornstarch into a bowl use enough to coat the appetizer foods easily. Crack three whole eggs into a separate bowl and whisk. Add 14 to 12 cup cornstarch, dash of basil flakes, oregano, granulated onion, garlic salt, salt and pepper. Pour or spread breading medium into a baking pan, plate or shallow bowl.nPlace food in cornstarch. Coat thoroughly, making sure all the nooks and crannies are covered. In small batches transfer food to egg bath, coat evenly and place in breading medium, turning to coat completely. Repeat until finished.nPlace food on baking sheet that has been sprayed liberally with canola oil, making sure to get all sides. Bake in oven for 10 to 15 minutes, until crunchy. Serve with your favorite dipping sauces., ingredients: [Mushrooms, Zucchini sticks, Yellow squash sticks, Jalapeno peppers, Sweet potato sticks, Eggplant, cut into sticks, Chicken tenders, Whole eggs, Cornstarch, Basil flakes, Oregano, Granulated onion, Garlic salt, Salt and pepper, to taste, Panko, Shredded wheat, Textured soy protein, Rice cakes, Bread crumbs, plain or seasoned, Crushed oats, Cornflakes or other nonsweetened cereal, Crushed seeds, Cornmeal], title: Better Breaded Bites Deep Fried Appetizer Alternatives, picturelink: null}, 6633: {instructions: Heat a grill to medium high. Whisk 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, the mustard, thyme and 1 grated garlic clove in a bowl. Rub all over the steak and season with salt and pepper set aside. Combine 2 tablespoons olive oil and the remaining grated garlic in a small bowl set aside.nToss the red onion and peppers with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Grill the vegetables, flipping, until lightly charred and tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar and the red pepper flakes. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside.nBrush the grill grates with olive oil. Grill the steak until browned, about 5 minutes per side for medium rare. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest. Meanwhile, toast the bread on the grill. Remove and cut into pieces brush the cut sides with the garlic oil and season with salt and pepper.nStir the mint into the pepper mixture. Thinly slice the steak against the grain. Serve with the peppers and garlic bread.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the grill, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 1 12 pounds flank steak, trimmed and halved lengthwise, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 red onion, sliced 12 inch thick and separated into rings, 6 Italian frying peppers such as Cubanelle, quartered lengthwise and seeded, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 12 baguette or 1 demi baguette, split, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint], title: Grilled Flank Steak with Peperonata, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 6634: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Mix 14 cup of the brown sugar, orange juice, vanilla, 12 teaspoon each of the cinnamon and ginger, and salt in large bowl. Add sweet potatoes toss to coat well. Spoon into 13x9inch baking dish. Sprinkle evenly with cranberries. Dot with 2 tablespoons of the butter. Cover with foil. Bake 30 minutes.n2. Meanwhile, mix flour, remaining 12 cup brown sugar and remaining 1 teaspoon each cinnamon and ginger in medium bowl. Cut in remaining 4 tablespoons butter with a fork until coarse crumbs form. Stir in pecans. Remove sweet potatoes from oven and stir gently. Sprinkle evenly with pecan topping.n3. Bake, uncovered, 25 to 30 minutes longer or until sweet potatoes are tender and topping is lightly browned., ingredients: [34 cup firmly packed brown sugar, divided, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 2 teaspoons McCormicku00ae Pure Vanilla Extract, 1 12 teaspoons McCormicku00ae Cinnamon, Ground, divided, 1 12 teaspoons McCormicku00ae Ginger, Ground, divided, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 cup dried cranberries, 6 tablespoons butter, cut up, divided, 12 cup flour, 1 cup chopped pecans], title: Roasted Sweet Potatoes with Cinnamon Pecan Crunch, picturelink: 5OX7JnXkeKOdVRLiEnECr9YYRT6Aiei}, 6635: {instructions: In a chilled bowl, mix ingredients together. Mold tuna into small towers either using a pvc pipe, ramekin or cut out can.nCut 2inch asparagus spears and save. Take the rest of the asparagus and roughly chop. In a blender, add 12 cup chopped asparagus with mustard and juice. Blend at high speed and add oils. Check for seasoning. Toss spears in vinaigrette. Place spears in a flat circle and top with tuna. Drizzle a little of the vinaigrette on the plate. Garnish with sesame seeds., ingredients: [8 ounces 1 ahi tuna, finely diced, 2 dashes hot pepper sauce, 1 tablespoon fine chopped chives, 1 teaspoon canola, Salt and black pepper to taste, 1 bunch asparagus, blanched and refreshed, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon toasted white sesame seeds], title: Ahi Tuna Tartar with Sesame Asparagus Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 6636: {instructions: Coat a large pot with oil and bring it to a high heat. When the oil is hot add the garlic, scallions, ginger and chiles. Saute for 1 to 2 minutes or until everything is very aromatic.nAdd the clams and stir to coat with the oil and other ingredients. Add the vinegar, beer, and kaffir lime leaves. Cover and steam the clams until they open, about 5 to 7 minutes. Discard any clams that have not opened.nDivide the clams into serving bowls with the broth and sprinkle with the chopped cilantro.nWOWEEE, ingredients: [Neutrally flavored oil such as peanut or canola, 4 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and finely chopped, 2 birds eye chiles, coarsely chopped, 2 dozen littleneck clams, scrubbed, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 bottle Asian beer, 2 kaffir lime leaves, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves coarsely chopped], title: Clams Steamed in Beer with Chile and Cilantro, picturelink: null}, 6637: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWarm the olive oil in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat, add the garlic, and cook for just 1 minute but dont allow the garlic to turn brown. Off the heat, add the white wine, lemon zest, lemon juice, oregano, thyme, and 1 teaspoon salt and pour into a 9 by 12inch baking dish.nPat the chicken breasts dry and place them skin side up over the sauce. Brush the chicken breasts with olive oil and sprinkle them liberally with salt and pepper. Cut the lemon in 8 wedges and tuck it among the pieces of chicken.nBake for 30 to 40 minutes, depending on the size of the chicken breasts, until the chicken is done and the skin is lightly browned. If the chicken isnt browned enough, put it under the broiler for 2 minutes. Cover the pan tightly with aluminum foil and allow to rest for 10 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and serve hot with the pan juices., ingredients: [14 cup good olive oil, 3 tablespoons minced garlic 9 cloves, 13 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest 2 lemons, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 boneless chicken breasts, skin on 6 to 8 ounces each, 1 lemon], title: Lemon Chicken Breasts, picturelink: 15Tzd5KYmrr.O4IHZGZmQEPI9wTes5S}, 6638: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. To make the crust, combine the gingersnap crumbs with the melted butter and toss together until the mixture holds together when pressed. Add an additional tablespoon of melted butter if necessary. Pat evenly over the bottom and halfway up the sides of 8  4 12inch tartlet pans. Bake about 7 minutes, or until set. Remove from oven.nMeanwhile, make the filling. Put the grated ginger in a fine sieve set over a small bowl and press against it to extract the juice. Set aside the ginger juice and discard the pulp. In the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the cream cheese, brown sugar, spices and salt. Beat until creamy and wellcombined. Beat in the ginger juice and the pumpkin puree. Add the eggs one at a time, beating after each until blended but being careful not to over beat. Pour the filling into the tartlet pans and bake 25 to 35 minutes, or until the center is just firm to the touch. Cool to room temperature then chill at least 2 hours or overnight before serving., ingredients: [4 cups finely crushed gingersnaps, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 pound cream cheese, softened, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of grated nutmeg, Pinch of ground allspice, Pinch of ground cloves, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup fresh or canned pumpkin puree, 2 large eggs], title: Pumpkin Cheesecake Tarts with Gingersnap Crust, picturelink: null}, 6639: {instructions: Coat a large griddle with cooking spray and preheat to mediumhigh.nIn large bowl, combine flour, sugar, cornmeal, baking powder, and salt. Mix well with a fork and make a well in the center.nIn small bowl, whisk together milk, honey, oil, and egg. Pour mixture into center of dry ingredients and mix until just blended.nPour 14 cup batter onto griddle for each corn cake. Cook 2 minutes per side, until puffed up, golden brown and cooked through., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 34 cup stone ground yellow cornmeal, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup milk, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 cup canola or vegetable oil, 1 large egg or 2 large egg whites], title: Grilled Corn Cakes, picturelink: D5n1Qvq40unad.wY6dWyxB.94DtK5m}, 6640: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons of unsalted butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots, and cook, stirring occasionally, until clear and translucent, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms and thyme saute until fork tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Heat the oven to 500 degrees F. Slice the potatoes very thin, preferably using a Japanese mandolin. Brush a baking sheet with clarified butter, and arrange the potato slices in a single layer. Brush the top of each potato with the remaining clarified butter. Season with salt and pepper. Bake in the heated oven until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Leave the oven on for the packages. While the potatoes cook, prepare the leeks. In a large nonstick skillet over low heat, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons of unsalted butter. Add the leeks, orange zest, ground coriander, and mirin. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the leeks are tender, clear, and translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Fold 4 10 by 16inch rectangles of parchment in 12, bringing the shorter ends together. Then cut the shape of 12 a heart, starting at the bottom of the fold, as if you were making a valentine. Unfold the hearts. Each should be about 10 inches long and 8 inches wide at its widest point. Assemble each package by arranging a bed of 6 to 8 potato slices on 12 of the parchment heart then add layers of 14 cup leeks, 14 cup chanterelles, 12 cup raw bay scallops, and a dollop of truffle butter. Fold the other half of the heart over the food. Seal the package by folding the two edges of the heart together allow enough room for steam to accumulate. Place the packages on an ungreased baking sheet, and bake until the paper puffs and the contents bubble, 4 to 5 minutes. Place package on a plate, and cut open just before serving. Accompany each with a small bowl of apricot mignonette for dipping.nCombine the shallots, cracked pepper, dried apricots, white wine, and cider vinegar in a small bowl. Season to taste with salt. Stir well to combine, and set aside. Divide into four small bowls, and garnish with tarragon before serving., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 12 pound chanterelle mushrooms, stems trimmed and sliced lengthwise 14inch thick, 14 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, 14 cup clarified butter, 2 large leeks, white and pale green parts only, halved and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon orange zest, thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 cup mirin, Japanese cooking wine, 2 pounds raw bay scallops, 4 tablespoons prepared truffle butter, Apricot Mignonette, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons shallots, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons fresh cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons dried apricots, finely chopped, 12 cup white wine, 12 cider vinegar, Salt, 4 tablespoons fresh tarragon leaves], title: Bay Scallops en Papillote, picturelink: null}, 6641: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees and line a baking sheet with foil. Tear bread into pieces and in a food processor pulse until finely ground. In a large bowl stir together 2 cups bread  crumbs, Parmesan, sage, and salt pepper to taste. Melt butter, add salt and pepper to taste. Pat chicken dry and brush all over with mustard mixture. Roll chicken in breadcrumb mixture, pressing gently to adhere, and arrange chicken, without crowding, on baking sheet. Drizzle with butter.Bake chicken in middle of oven until cooked through and golden, 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [12 loaf countrystyle bread, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese about 1 12 ounces, 1 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 stick 1 12 cups unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves about 1 12 pounds total], title: Oven Fried Chicken Breast, picturelink: null}, 6642: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large skillet over medium high heat. Season turkey with poultry seasoning, salt and pepper. Add 1 12 turns of the pan of oil, 1 1 2 tablespoons. Brown 6 cutlets 2 minutes on each side, remove to a plate and repeat with remaining pieces of turkey. Add butter to the pan. When it melts, whisk in flour and cook a minute. Whisk in stock or broth and bring up to a bubble. Reduce heat to simmer and slide turkey back into pan to finish cooking in gravy.nTo a second skillet over medium high heat, combine oil and butter. When butter melts into oil, add celery and onions and season with salt, pepper, poultry seasoning. Saute 5 minutes until just tender, add sage, parsley, prosciutto and stir to combine. Crumble muffins into the pan. Moisten stuffing with broth and heat through. Remove from heat. Cover with foil to keep warm.nUse an ice cream scoop to mound stuffing on plates and top with 2 cutlets and a small ladle of gravy., ingredients: [2 pounds turkey breast cutlets 2 packages, 12 pieces, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken stock or canned turkey broth, available around Thanksgiving in markets, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 ribs celery from the heart, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, Salt and pepper, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 4 sprigs fresh sage 2 tablespoons chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped flat leaf parsley, eyeball it, 14 pound prosciutto, deli sliced like bacon, then chopped, 3 corn muffins, crumbled, 1 cup chicken stock or broth or, canned turkey broth], title: Turkey Cutlets with Corn, Sage and Prosciutto Stuffing, picturelink: C2FWllY04WpBLdOZ23ACSHzUNkdNG3O}, 6643: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C. Line an 8inch flan dish with pastry. Remove the outside rind from the cheese, and cut the cheese into 1inch square pieces. Place them into the lined dish. Cut the rind into neat triangular pieces and arrange them on top of the cheese. Beat together the milk or cream, eggs, ginger and salt, to taste. Pour carefully into the dish, trying not to disturb the arrangement of the rind. Bake for about 40 minutes or until the custard is set and the tart is golden brown on top., ingredients: [8 ounces pie dough, 8 ounces Brie cheese, 12 pint milk or cream, 2 eggs, beaten, 12 teaspoon powered ginger, Salt], title: Tarte De Brie, picturelink: null}, 6644: {instructions: Mix the egg yolks, sugar, mustard, celery seed, salt, paprika, and pepper. Then add vinegar. Stir. Add the cream, milk, and butter. Have water boiling in a double boiler. Stir and cook until like a thick gravy or it coats a spoon.nIn the meantime, put all the rest of the salad ingredients together in a large bowl. Mix these items together. Pour the dressing over this and cool. DeliciousnThe recipes for this contest, which were provided by contributors who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes.nThis recipe was handed down to my mother from the best cook in our small town. She was the railroad depot agents wife and a wonderful cook. This was in the l940s. ., ingredients: [l2 egg yolks, l cup sugar, l round tsp. dry mustard, 2 heaping tsp celery seed, l tsp. salt, l2 tsp paprika, l4 tsp pepper, 34 c. apple cider vinegar, l pint thick cream whipping plus l2 c. milk., Butter the size of a hens egg about 14 cup, l dozen eggs hard boiledand chopped, l2 cups potatoes, cooked and cubed, 2 large onions, chopped, l tsp. salt], title: Mrs. Bradshaws Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 6645: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 425 degrees F. Toss the fries with 1 tablespoon olive oil on a baking sheet and sprinkle with the spiced salt. Bake on the lower oven rack, tossing halfway through, until golden, about 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the tartar sauce: Mix the mayonnaise, pickle and brine, scallions, parsley and a pinch of kosher salt in a small bowl.nSeason the salmon with kosher salt and pepper. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large ovenproof nonstick skillet over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium add the salmon and cook until golden brown on the bottom, 5 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the upper oven rack bake until the salmon is just opaque, about 3 minutes.nSpread some tartar sauce on the rolls. Sandwich with the salmon cut into pieces, if needed, lettuce and tomatoes. Serve with the fries and more tartar sauce for dipping.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 large bag about 26 ounces frozen french fries, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon Mediterraneanspiced sea salt or 12 teaspoon each lemon pepper seasoning and herbes de Provence, 34 cup mayonnaise, 1 dill pickle, minced, plus 2 tablespoons brine from the jar, 3 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt, 4 6ounce skinless centercut salmon fillets preferably wild, Freshly ground pepper, 4 onion kaiser rolls, Lettuce leaves and sliced tomatoes, for serving], title: Salmon Sandwiches with Fries, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 6646: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a sheet tray with silicone baking mat or parchment.nMake an incision on one side of each date and insert a block of chorizo. Squeeze the date shut in your hand to secure. Wrap each date with a bacon strip and secure with a toothpick. Place all the dates on the prepared sheet tray. Roast the dates in the oven until the bacon on top is starting to crisp, 5 to 6 minutes. Turn the dates over and repeat the process.nRemove the dates from the oven and brush both sides with the maple syrup. Return the dates to the oven until the dates are really crackly and sticky, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [15 Medjool pitted dates, 1 pound Spanish chorizo, cut into 15 blocks to fit into the dates, 5 slices bacon, cut into thirds, 12 cup maple syrup], title: Bacon Wrapped Dates Stuffed with Chorizo, picturelink: tyydZS6aFtloa0Og7bnVGBbeHalshC.}, 6647: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Generously season the steak with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the steak and cook until browned, about 4 minutes per side for medium rare. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest.nPour off any excess fat from the skillet and reduce the heat to medium. Melt the butter in the skillet, then add the onions, thyme, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions start caramelizing, about 10 minutes. Stir in the chicken broth and cook until slightly reduced, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, trim off any excess fat from the steak thinly slice against the grain. Put the rolls cutsides up on a baking sheet and broil until toasted, about 2 minutes.nRemove the roll tops to a plate. Divide the onion mixture among the roll bottoms, top with the steak and sprinkle with the gruyere. Return to the broiler until the cheese is melted but not browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Top with the toasted roll tops and serve with the pickled vegetables.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 12 pounds boneless sirloin steak, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 sweet onions, sliced, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, 13 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 4 sub rolls, split, 2 cups shredded gruyere cheese about 6 ounces, 1 pint pickled or marinated vegetables from the deli counter], title: French Onion Steak Sandwiches, picturelink: inTnnXZLU2tVxW.cpT2fn0ul0jkOSzm}, 6648: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a heavy casserole. Add peanut oil. Saute the red onion until translucent. Sprinkle in brown sugar and cook for a few minutes until it starts to caramelize. Add sliced apples and deglaze with the red wine vinegar. Bring to a boil. Add red wine and orange juice, cinnamon stick, ginger powder and salt and pepper. Simmer for 5 minutes.nAdd red cabbage and continue to cook for about 10 minutes on top of the stove. Cover cabbage with foil and cook in 350 degree oven for about 45 minutes. Remove. Taste, and adjust seasoning, if necessary., ingredients: [14 cup peanut oil, 1 medium red onion, sliced, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 Granny Smith apples, sliced, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 4 pounds red cabbage, cut into julienne, 2 cups red wine, 2 cups orange juice, 1 cinnamon stick, 3 teaspoons ginger powder, Salt and pepper, to taste, A few gold leaves, for decoration optional  available at specialty stores], title: Braised Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 6649: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the garlic onto a cutting board and sprinkle it with about 12 teaspoon salt. Using the side of a large knife, slowly mash the garlic into a paste. Put the garlic paste into a small bowl and blend in 12 cup olive oil, parsley, and thyme leaves. Pour half the mixture over the chicken and season it with salt and pepper. Set the chicken aside to marinate while you prepare the other ingredients for grilling.nHeat the grill to medium high. Drizzle half the remaining marinade into the mushrooms and half onto the cut side of the radicchios. Season both with salt and pepper and place them on the grill over indirect heat. Grill until the mushrooms and radicchio are soft, about 10 to 15 minutes set them aside to cool while you cook the chickennPut the chicken on the grill and cook for about 15 to 20 minutes per side, or until cooked through and juices run clear. Set aside until cool enough to handle.nTo serve, cut the chicken into pieces, cut the mushrooms into quarters, and cut the radicchio into wedges. Gently toss everything together with some fresh watercress and an extra drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 12 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, 1 4 to 4 12 pound chicken, cut in 12, 4 portobello mushrooms, brushed clean and stems removed, 2 small heads radicchio, halved, Watercress, to serve], title: Garlicky Grilled Chicken, Portobello, and Radicchio Salad, picturelink: DRubQAIwamvgSxZPF38gsi6wQS.L3nO}, 6650: {instructions: Heat a skillet with 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil over medium heat and add the onions. Cook until the onions are golden brown and caramelized, for about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. If the pan is getting dry, add some water. Set aside.nOn high heat, add the remaining extravirgin olive oil in another skillet and lay in the beef when the oil is hot. Sear both sides for about 30 seconds, turning only once.nAdd the balsamic vinegar to the beef and deglaze the pan. Cook until the balsamic is reduced to a syrupy consistency.nPlate the beef tenderloins with the caramelized onions on top. Drizzle the beef with the balsamic reduction. Serve hot., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 large white cooking onions, thinly sliced, 4 8ounce beef tenderloins, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Beef Tenderloins con Balsamico, picturelink: null}, 6651: {instructions: Puree all but 3 tablespoons cilantro with 12 cup water, the jalapeno, almonds and 14 teaspoon salt in a blender until smooth.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the turkey and 12 teaspoon salt cook, stirring and breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 4 minutes.nAdd the onion, garlic and cumin and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 6 minutes. Stir in 1 12 cups water, the pureed cilantro mixture, the potatoes and kale. Cover and bring to a boil, then uncover and reduce the heat to medium. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and serve over the rice. Top with the reserved cilantro.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 bunch cilantro, tough stems removed, 1 jalapeno pepper, halved remove seeds for less heat, 3 tablespoons sliced almonds, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 pound 93 percent lean ground turkey, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 pound redskinned potatoes, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 5ounce package chopped kale about 6 cups packed, 2 12 cups cooked white or brown rice], title: KaleTurkey Rice Bowl, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 6652: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCompletely melt the chocolate in a double boiler. Add the cream to a medium bowl and pour in the chocolate. Whisk the mixture very slowly creating a shiny, elastic emulsion.nWhisk in the butter, then add the liqueur, to taste, until well combined.nPour the mixture into a fondue pot. Dip your choice of bites into the fondue using fondue forks and enjoy, ingredients: [8 ounces good dark chocolate, chopped not below 60 percent cocoa, recommended: Valrhona, 8 ounces heavy cream, scalded, 1 stick butter, room temperature, Orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, Marshmallows, strawberries, pound cake, dried apricotmangopapaya, for serving], title: Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 6653: {instructions: Heat the oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the sage and fry, stirring occasionally, until the bubbling subsides, about 30 seconds. Transfer to a paper towellined plate with a slotted spoon. Reserve the oil.nIn a small bowl, stir together the ricotta, honey, 1 tablespoon of the reserved sagefrying oil, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper until well combined.nCut each pear lengthwise into 10 slices each approximately 14 inch wide. Wrap each in a 12 slice prosciutto. Arrange on a serving platter and top each slice with a dollop of ricotta and a fried sage leaf., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 20 small fresh sage leaves, 13 cup ricotta, 1 to 2 teaspoons honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium firmripe pears, such as Bartlett, 10 slices thinlysliced prosciutto, halved], title: ProsciuttoWrapped Pears, picturelink: MLCxQaueTcbTBKhr5z2vHiKvZWs0Dm}, 6654: {instructions: Position the oven racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line three baking sheets with parchment paper and lightly coat with cooking spray. Combine the oats, flour, cinnamon and salt in a food processor and pulse until the oats are finely chopped.nCombine the oil, sugar and maple syrup in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat and cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the oat mixture, raisins and vanilla. Let the mixture cool slightly. Stir in the egg white.nDrop teaspoonfuls of batter about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Sprinkle with the turbinado sugar if using. Bake until golden brown the edges of the cookies will be a deeper golden brown, rotating the sheets about halfway through, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheets for a few minutes, and then transfer to a rack to cool completely., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing, 1 cup rolled oats, 14 cup whole wheat flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 13 cup vegetable oil, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 3 tablespoons finely chopped raisins, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg white, Turbinado sugar, for sprinkling, optional], title: OatmealRaisin Cookie Thins, picturelink: null}, 6655: {instructions: Poke number 1:nIn a mixing bowl, combine ahi, onion, soy, sesame oil, green onion, ogo, and chile peppers and mix well. Set aside.nPoke number 2:nIn a mixing bowl, combine ahi, salmon, soy, sesame oil, cucumber, tomato, coconut milk, chile peppers and mix well. Set aside.nPlace 4 radicchio cups on a platter. Place 1 kataife cup in each radicchio. Spoon first poke mixture in 2 of the cups and fill the other 2 cups with second poke mixture. Drizzle with spicy aioli.nMix ingredients together.nYield: 12 to 34 cup, ingredients: [1 pound sushigrade ahi tuna, cubed, 12 medium onion, chopped, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 12 cup green onion, chopped, 14 cup chopped ogo seaweed, 2 Hawaiian chile peppers, minced, 1 pound ahi, cubed, 1 cup cubed salmon, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 14 cup diced cucumber, 1 medium tomato, diced, 12 cup coconut milk, 3 Hawaiian chile peppers, minced, 4 radicchio leaves, 4 kataife baskets, deepfried until golden brown, Ailoi, recipe follows, 12 cup mayonnaise, Sambal, Soy Sauce, Sliced green onions], title: Poke in a Nest, picturelink: null}, 6656: {instructions: Bring chicken broth, lemon rind, lemon juice and salt to boiling in mediumsize saucepan. Stir in couscous. Remove from heat. Let stand 5 minutes for couscous to absorb liquid. Fluff with fork.nCombine couscous, pimento, peas and almonds in large serving bowl., ingredients: [1 14ounce can nonfat chicken broth, 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 box 10 ounces plain couscous, 1 jar 4 ounces chopped pimentos, drained, 1 box 10 ounces frozen peas, thawed, 12 cup slivered almonds, toasted], title: Confetti Couscous, picturelink: null}, 6657: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, heat the oil until shimmering, about 2 minutes. Add the onion and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the ground beef to the onion and saute, breaking it up with a spoon, until browned and cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain off any excess fat. Stir in the salsa, corn, vegetable broth, chili powder, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Transfer the mixture into a 9by13inch baking dish, smoothing into an even layer.nIn a large bowl, mix together the corn muffin mix with about 1 12 cups milk, or just enough to make it easy to spread. Spread it thinly over the chili mixture. Bake until browned to top, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside for 10 minutes to allow the casserole to set. Top with the Cheddar and sour cream before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 12 pounds lean ground beef, 1 12 cups mild salsa medium or hot if preferred, One 12ounce bag frozen wholekernel white shoepeg corn, thawed, 14 cup vegetable broth, 2 tablespoons hot Mexican chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Three 8ounce boxes cornbread muffin mix Jiffy preferred, 1 12 cups whole milk, 1 cup shredded Cheddar about 4 ounces, 14 cup sour cream], title: CornbreadChili Casserole, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 6658: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPeel and then generously coat the beets with 2 tablespoons of grapeseed oil and put on a sheet pan or cookie sheet. Roast until they are tender, about 20 to 25 minutes. The beets are finished roasting when the exterior is tender to the touch.nIn a medium bowl, add the vinegar, mustard, honey and sesame oil and whisk until blended. Slowly add the remaining 2 tablespoons of grapeseed oil and whisk until emulsified. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. In a large bowl, combine the shredded cabbage mixture and spinach. Heat a medium saute pan over high heat, add 2 tablespoons of the dressing and all of the cabbage and spinach mixture. Toss until the mixture is slightly wilted and well coated with the dressing. Remove from the heat to a large platter. Slice the beets into 14inch disks and stack alongside the cabbage and spinach mixture, alternating the beets and goat cheese. Drizzle with the remaining dressing and serve., ingredients: [2 medium to large golden beets, 14 cup grapeseed oil, divided, 5 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 14 cup Chinese mustard, 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 2 cups shredded cabbage a mixture of napa and bok choy, 12 cup fresh spinach leaves, 3 tablespoons goat cheese], title: Beet Salad, picturelink: null}, 6659: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the salad: Add the arugula to the bottom of a platter and top with the oranges, grapefruit and avocados. Sprinkle with pistachios and crumbled feta.nFor the vinaigrette: Whisk together the olive oil, white wine vinegar, maple syrup and some salt and pepper.nDrizzle the dressing over the salad and serve., ingredients: [3 cups baby arugula, 2 navel oranges, peeled and sliced, 1 red grapefruit, peeled and sliced, 1 avocado, diced, 12 cup shelled roasted and salted pistachios, chopped, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Citrus Salad with Pistachios  Maple Vinaigrette, picturelink: HBnVzxouaZ6Dt.j2cpcmXLkTkWP0qw6}, 6660: {instructions: Salt the salmon to the point where it has a light crust and let it sit in refrigerator overnight. Rinse the salt off the salmon and slice it into small pieces. Add the salmon to a large mixing bowl and add the onion and tomatoes. Mix with your hands, or as they call it in Hawaii, Lomi Lomi, a saying used locally that means to massage. Serve chilled., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 pound cured salmon, diced, 14 pound green onion, diced, 4 ripe tomatoes, diced], title: Lomi Lomi, picturelink: null}, 6661: {instructions: Whisk the eggs and milk together in a bowl. Whisk in the salt, sugar, and flour. Set aside for 30 minutes. Melt about 12teaspoon butter in a nonstick 8 to 10inch skillet over medium heat. When it foams, pour or ladle in about 2 tablespoons of batter. Lift and swirl the pan so the batter coats the bottom. Set pan on the burner and cook just until set and the underside is lightly browned. Using a spatula or your fingers, flip and cook until the other side is lightly browned. Transfer to a plate and continue with remaining batter.nBlueberry Stuffing: In a bowl, gently fold together the blueberries, maple sugar and sour cream.nRhubarb Compote: To make the compote, place the rhubarb, orange juice concentrate, sugar, and cornstarch in a saucepan and cook until the fruit falls apart and the mixture thickens.nTo serve, place the crepes on a platter and schmear with marmalade. Place a spoonful of the blueberry filling down the center and roll up the crepe. Repeat with remaining crepes. Top off with some rhubarb compote and mint., ingredients: [2 eggs, 12 cup milk, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup flour, Unsalted butter for skillet, 1 tablespoon orange or tangelo marmalade, Blueberry stuffing, recipe follows, Rhubarb compote, recipe follows, Mint, for garnish, 1 cup blueberries, 1 tablespoon granulated maple sugar or syrup, 12 cup sour cream, 2 cups cut up fresh or frozen rhubarb, 2 tablespoons frozen orange juice concentrate, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch], title: Crepes with Blueberry Stuffing and Rhubarb Compote, picturelink: TIJz8swsskuakwWgR.Vi5F7IIEbtplG}, 6662: {instructions: Grate the potatoes using the large holes of a box grater. Put into a large bowl of cold water, stir to remove the starch, drain and rinse. Put the grated potatoes in a clean kitchen towel and squeeze to remove excess moisture.nHeat the butter and oil together in a 12inch nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Season the potatoes with salt and pepper. Place the potatoes in a single layer in the pan and cook until the underside forms a brown crust, 3 to 4 minutes. Begin to stir the potatoes and continue to cook until browned all over and cooked through. One minute before theyre done, stir in the parsley and garlic. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 russet potatoes, peeled, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 cloves garlic, chopped], title: Hash Browns with Parsley and Garlic, picturelink: ku4pjUM5u5CYtCg7ijomEnWjc2Tt4g2}, 6663: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Grease the bottom and sides of a 10inch cast iron skillet with 1 tablespoon of the butter.nWhisk the flour, baking soda, salt and apple pie spice together in a large bowl. Beat the remaining butter and granulated sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixer on low speed until just incorporated. Increase speed to high and mix until light and fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula as needed. Add the brown sugar and beat until incorporated, then add the eggs one at a time, beating in between additions, then mix in the vanilla. Reduce the speed to low and gradually add the flour mixture, mixing until a smooth dough forms, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Stir in the oats and raisins.nUse a rubber spatula to scrape the batter into the prepared skillet, gently spreading it to the edges and smoothing the top. Bake until the top is golden, the sides are beginning to brown and the center is still soft, about 40 minutes. Cool in the pan on a wire rack for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, beat the heavy cream in a medium mixing bowl until soft peaks form. Add the sour cream and honey and continue beating to form medium peaks. Keep the whipped cream refrigerated until ready to use. Slice the cookie into wedges and serve warm or at room temperature with the honeyed whipped cream., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon apple pie spice, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 34 cups rolled oats, 34 cup raisins, 23 cup heavy cream, 13 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Oatmeal Raisin Skillet Cookie with Honey Cream, picturelink: TZUiV.Aheo55siIDbo1zGMBbv707KK}, 6664: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nCover beets by 3 inches with cold water in a large saucepot. Bring the water to boil and simmer until paring knife slides out of beet when pricked. Strain and let cool. While running under water, rub beets with towel to remove skin. Slice beets into 12inch rounds. Prepare marinade by combining all ingredients in a large bowl. Mix well and add vegetable oil. Toss sliced beets and hold.nTo prepare the walnuts, melt butter in a 10inch skillet and add walnuts. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes and season well with salt and pepper. Reserve left over butter.nFor the vinaigrette add all the ingredients and the walnut butter. Whisk well.nTo finish, grill beets on both sides for 2 minutes and toss in vinaigrette. Place 4 to 6 slices of beets on each plate and drizzle with vinaigrette. Add 5 dollops of goats cheese 1 to 2 ounces per serving, sprinkled with walnuts and chives., ingredients: [6 large whole beets, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon dry thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon dry basil leaves, 18 teaspoon dry oregano, 18 teaspoon onion powder, 18 teaspoon garlic powder, Pinch cayenne pepper, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 14 cups walnuts, 12 stick butter, 1 12 ounces red wine vinegar, 2 ounces pomace olive oil, 1ounce walnut oil, 12 pound soft goat cheese, 14 cup chives cut into match sticks], title: Grilled Beets with Goats Cheese and Walnuts, picturelink: null}, 6665: {instructions: Heat 2 large nonstick pans over high heat. Divide the olive oil between the 2 pans, when the oil is hot add the vegetables all together and season with gray salt and pepper, to taste, and chili flakes. Saute all of the vegetables together for about 10 to 15 minutes. Add the pine nuts and orange zest and continue cooking for another 5 minutes or until all of the vegetables are soft and the flavors are well infused.nMeanwhile in a small saute pan combine the vinegar with the sugar and the raisins, bring to a boil and reduce until slightly syrupy. When the vegetables are cooked and still hot combine with the vinegar syrup and the basil, taste for salt and pepper and serve hot as a side dish., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 large red onion, peeled and small diced, 4 12 medium carrots, peeled and small diced, 1 12 medium eggplants, small diced, 1 12 large Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and small diced, Gray salt, Fresh ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon chili flakes, 12 cup toasted pine nuts, 1 12 tablespoons orange zest, 34 cup white wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup golden raisins, 3 tablespoons basil chiffonade], title: Northern Italian Caponata with Potatoes, picturelink: NthkwcOK94jq4EfMHWBg05GUifPvbJ6}, 6666: {instructions: Heat the chicken stock in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the chopped carrots, celery, and onion and cook until the vegetables are soft, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, break the eggs into a medium bowl, add 1 teaspoon water, and beat lightly. Add the flour and whisk well to combine. Youre essentially making REALLY thin pancake batter. Brush a crepe pan or a small nonstick skillet with a little olive oil and place it over mediumhigh heat. Pour in a small amount of batter and swirl it around to thinly coat the bottom of the pan pour any excess back into the bowl. Cook until set, about 30 seconds to 1 minute. Carefully turn the crepe over and cook on the other side for 10 to 15 seconds. Remove the crepe and put it onto a plate. Continue making crepes and stacking them until all the batter is used up. When the crepes cool, slice the stack into 14inch wide strips.nHeat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the mushrooms until they release their liquid, about 3 minutes set aside. Add another teaspoon oil and cook the romaine until just wilted, about 1 minute set aside.nDivide the soup among 4 heated wide soup bowls. Pile on the sliced crepes, then top with the romaine and mushrooms. Serve immediately.nThe soup stock can be anything you like. Fritatten soup is a really nice base that you can take in any direction you like., ingredients: [4 cups good quality chicken stock, 12 cup finely chopped carrots, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons olive oil, plus more for crepes, 3 mushrooms, sliced, 3 leaves romaine lettuce, shredded], title: Fritatten Soup with Romaine, picturelink: null}, 6667: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Brush peppers with 2 tablespoons of the oil reserving the balance of the oil and roast until blackened, about 10 minutes. Remove and cover roasting pan with foil or use tongs to transfer peppers to a plastic bag. Let sweat for 15 minutes. This will help you remove the skin from the pepper.nIn a small bowl, mix jack cheese, goat cheese, thyme, rosemary, and sage, and mash together.nPeel charred skin from peppers and stuff each pepper with about 2 tablespoons of the cheeseherb mixture. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of the oil over medium heat in a large skillet. Spread blue cornmeal on a piece of waxed paper and roll stuffed peppers to coat with cornmeal. Sear coated peppers on all sides, leaving undisturbed for the first 2 minutes to allow the cornmeal to integrate into the surface of the peppers and to allow the caramelization process to begin to prevent crusting off of the cornmeal.nTransfer to a platter and let rest for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [16 8inch Anaheim peppers, stems and seeds removed, 4 tablespoons grapeseed oil 2 tablespoons to brush on peppers and 2 to saute, 1 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese from about a 6ounce piece before grating, 1 cup crumbled goat cheese about 4 to 6 ounces, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves stripped from about 4 or 5 sprigs, 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary leaves stripped from 1 or 2 large sprigs, 3 large fresh sage leaves, minced, 1 cup blue cornmeal], title: CheeseStuffed Peppers: Chile Rellenos, picturelink: SVdL0xSGBEfHou9XWIoB.CE9PwUpxe}, 6668: {instructions: In a medium bowl, blend the water, orange juice, lemon juice, vinegar, sugar, garlic, ginger and sambal, until well combined and set aside. In a large skillet over high heat, add the grapeseed oil and the beans and cook until they shrivel slightly. Once cooked, remove the beans from the pan to paper towels, to drain. Return the skillet to mediumhigh heat, add orange water mixture, and bring to a boil. Reduce the mixture until thick enough to coat a spoon, about 20 to 30 minutes. Lower the heat to medium and add cooked beans. Toss the beans in the orange water and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the bean mixture to a serving dish and serve., ingredients: [12 cup water, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon sambal, 1 12 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 pound Chinese long beans, cleaned and cut into 2 to 3inch pieces, 1 teaspoon sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Chinese Long Beans with Sambal Orange Water, picturelink: null}, 6669: {instructions: Rim your glass by running a lemon wedge around the edge, then dipping the rim into a small dish of the steak spice. Put ice into a tall glass. Add a dash of salt, and pepper, to the ice. Add dashes of Worcestershire, and hot sauce. Peel and grate some fresh horseradish into the glass. Add the vodka, if using. Top up with juice. Garnish with a lemon wedge, celery stick, and crab leg., ingredients: [1 lemon, cut into wedges, Steak spice, Handful of ice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Dash Worcestershire sauce, Dash hot sauce, 1 teaspoon fresh, grated horseradish, 14 cup vodka, optional, 12 cup tomato juice recommended: Clamato juice, 1 celery stick, for garnish, 1 snow crab claw, for garnish], title: Snow Crab Bloody Caesar, picturelink: null}, 6670: {instructions: In a small sauce pot place celeriac, add water to cover. In separate pot place potato with water to cover. Place half the onion in each pot and simmer until each is fork tender. Strain liquid and place all ingredients in a food processor. Puree until mash has a smooth consistency. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 celeriacs, peeled and roughly cut, 2 potatoes, peeled and roughly cut, 1 onion, large dice, divided, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Celeriac Mash, picturelink: null}, 6671: {instructions: Roast the poblano peppers on a grill. Clean the peppers of skin and seeds.nBrush the onions and tomatoes with a little olive oil, season them with salt and pepper and grill until well marked on both sides, once done set aside.nDice the poblanos, onion, and tomatoes to a medium size dice.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the diced onion, tomatoes, and poblanos with the toasted coconut. Add the orange juice, olive oil, and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with fish or chicken., ingredients: [6 poblanos, 2 small red onion, sliced thickly, 6 Roma tomatoes, halved, Olive oil, for brushing, plus 14 cup, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup sweet toasted coconut, 14 cup orange juice, 14 bunch cilantro, chopped, Serving suggestion: cooked fish or chicken.], title: Roasted Poblano and Coconut Salsa, picturelink: null}, 6672: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nPeel, core, and slice apples into 14inch slices. Place apples in a large mixing bowl and toss with sugar, lemon juice, flour, and cinnamon. Pour into a lightly greased 9 by 13inch baking dish, and spread out into an even layer. Set aside.nIn another large bowl, mix together the nuts, flour, oats, sugar, cinnamon, and salt for the topping. Using a pastry cutter or your fingers, gently work in the cold butter until peasized lumps are formed.nTop apples evenly with mixture and bake until apples are bubbly and topping is golden brown, about 45 minutes, rotating once halfway through cooking.nServe warm or at room temperature with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [4 large Golden Delicious apples about 3 pounds, 14 cup sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup walnuts or pecans, roughly chopped, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups rolled oats, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch fine salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold butter, cut into small pieces, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, optional], title: Apple Crumble, picturelink: JOHMmh.ZYXKoomE285n9p.4tC8IIoWO}, 6673: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nGrind the nuts with confectioners sugar until powdery do not make into a paste.nBlend together the butter, lemon zest, salt, and nut mixture in a large bowl with a spatula or spoon until creamy. Add the flour and cocoa powder, stirring until incorporated. Do not overwork the dough.nRoll level 12 teaspoons of dough into tiny balls and arrange 1inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake 1 sheet at a time until lightly crisped, about 12 minutes. Slide the parchment paper with the baked cookies onto a rack to cool.nIn a microwavesafe bowl, melt the chocolate in the microwave.nSpoon a mound, about 18 teaspoon, of melted chocolate onto the flat side of a cookie then top with the flat side of another cookie to make a sandwich. Repeat.nPlain cookies can be baked and cooled 1 week ahead and kept at room temperature in an airtight container. Fill when ready to serve., ingredients: [34 cup hazelnuts, toasted, skins removed, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 stick plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened, 14 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 cup cake flour, 1 level tablespoon cocoa powder, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped], title: ChocolateFilled Hazelnut Cookies, picturelink: kEZJ37XzJ4k8hQDlCN6vAkGcnsCyRky}, 6674: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a covered heavy saucepan, bring the rice, milk, apricots, vanilla scrapings, and lemon zest to a simmer over medium heat. Immediately reduce the heat to as low as possible, cover tightly, and simmer gently, stirring occasionally, until the rice is very tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Turn off the heat.nStir the sugar into the cooked rice mixture. Stir in the egg yolks. Pour the rice pudding into a greased baking dish and bake for 20 minutes until slightly browned on the top. Remove from the oven and let cool. Chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [34 cup raw shortgrain rice such as Arborio, rinsed in a colander until the water runs clear, 4 cups milk, 14 cup diced dried apricots, 14 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and scraped, 12 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 12 cup sugar, 4 egg yolks], title: Baked Rice Pudding with Apricots, picturelink: j5dIHTCsjZIJB91dKhmp0HKvQ9ewu}, 6675: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the red peppers in half and scoop out the seeds and ribs. Place them onto a baking sheet.nTo the reserved brown rice mixture, stir in half the cheese and all the tomatoes. Stuff the peppers with the rice mixture, dividing it evenly. Top the peppers with the remaining cheese. Bake until the peppers are tender and the cheese has melted, 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 red bell peppers, 2 cups reserved brown rice mixture from Brown Rice and Mushroom Salad, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, divided, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, drained], title: Round 2 Recipe  Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: pNApwXpLmn79Ys2YOmc7DQwpDOJse}, 6676: {instructions: In a medium bowl, toss the tomatoes with the basil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside while you prepare the shrimp.nDivide the shrimp between 2 8 or 9inch pie pans and pat them completely dry with a paper towel. Arrange the shrimp so they lay flat and are evenly spaced in the pans.nHeat 2 large skillets over medium heat, or do this in 2 batches if you only have 1 pan. Season 1 side of the shrimp with salt and pepper. Add enough oil to lightly film the bottom of the pan and turn the heat up to high. Invert the pan of shrimp so they all fall into the skillets at once. Saute the shrimp, undisturbed, until they turn golden brown on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Add a bit more oil and 12 the garlic to each pan. Turn the heat off and turn the shrimp over with tongs. Cook the shrimp for 1 minute in the residual heat of the pans. Transfer the shrimp to the bowl with the tomato mixture and toss to combine. Divide the shrimp among 4 plates or a serving platter and serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup quartered cherry or grape tomatoes about 12, 5 large fresh basil leaves, chopped, plus extra for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds mediumlarge shrimp, shelled and deveined, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 large clove garlic, minced], title: Shrimp with Basil, Garlic, and Tomatoes, picturelink: 4FniDSHaG4CScBnzVCZayi8z.3WLGDG}, 6677: {instructions: Heat oil in medium saucepan. Add onions and celery and saute for a minute to get them sizzling. Cover the pan, reduce the heat and simmer gently stirring on occasion until onions are translucent, about 5 minutes.nAdd tomatoes and juices, carrots, wine and broth. Cover pan and simmer gently for 10 minutes or for however long it takes to peel the potatoes and cut them into 1inch chunks. Add the potatoes and corn to the saucepan with salt to taste, dried herbs and Tabasco sauce.nCover and simmer until all the ingredients are tender about 30 minutes. Meanwhile dice whatever protein you are using and chop the fresh herbs. Add the tofu and simmer 3 minutes to heat through. Adjust the seasoning, remove from heat and add the fresh herbs., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola or olive oil, 2 onions, finely chopped, 2 ribs celery, finely chopped, 1 12 cups canned plum tomatoes, chopped juices reserved, 4 to 6 small to medium carrots, cut into 12inch thick rounds, 13 cup dry white wine, 2 cups broth fish, vegetarian or chicken, depending upon protein you are adding, 4 mediumsized boiling or waxy potatoes, 1 package 10 ounces thawed frozen corn kernels, Salt, 12 to 1 teaspoon dried herbs such as thyme, marjoram or oregano, Tabasco sauce to taste, 1 12 pounds firm fleshed monkfish cut into 1 inch cubes, or 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into cubes or 4 small firm bean curd cakes tofu or 2 cups canned or cooked beans such as red, chick peas or white beans., 12 cup fresh herbs such as parsley, dill or cilantro], title: Micheles Foundation Chowder, picturelink: null}, 6678: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a very large potnRoast the poblano chiles individually over the flame of your stovetop, using metal tongs to hold them, until the skins are totally charred. If you dont have a gas stove, you can use an outdoor grill OR place them on a baking sheet directly under your ovens broiler. Place the blackened chiles in a large resealable plastic bag and seal the bag to allow the chiles to sweat for a good 20 minutes.nUse a knife to scrape off most of the blackened skins. Slice the chiles in half lengthwise, scrape out the seeds and membranes and chop into small dice.nAdd the butter to a very large pot and saute the onions, jalapenos and garlic over medium heat. Add the milk, cream, chili powder and some salt and pepper and heat. Add the processed cheese and stir to melt. Then add the Cheddar, Monterey Jack, tomatoes and diced poblanos. Slowly melt and keep warm., ingredients: [12 fresh poblano chiles, 4 tablespoons salted butter, 4 onions, diced, 4 jalapenos, minced, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 4 cups milk, 4 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon chili powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 pounds queso blancostyle processed cheese, such as Velveeta Queso Blanco, cut into large cubes, 8 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 8 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese, Four 14.5ounce cans petitediced tomatoes], title: Queso Blanco, picturelink: HdSUpHeLtlKD.XxbiXZnOKRK8.NSVVK}, 6679: {instructions: Preheat the grill to high.nIn a large bowl, toss the salsify and corn with a little olive oil and some salt and pepper. Add the salsify and corn to the grill, grilling on all sides until the salsify is fork tender and the corn looks charred. Remove from the grill.nSlice the corn kernels off the cob into a bowl. Chop the salsify into small cubes. Add to the bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nIn another bowl, mix the buttermilk with the egg. Add to the salsify and corn, mixing to incorporate. Add the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt and bacon. Mix together to form a thick batter.nHeat enough peanut oil to fry in a Dutch oven or castiron skillet to 350 degrees F. Drop golf ball size balls of batter in the oil, cooking until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes.nRemove from the fryer, sprinkle with salt and drizzle with Salsify Honey Butter Dipping Sauce.nFill a medium saucepan with water and bring to a boil. Break the salsify stalks in half to release the milk inside, and boil for 10 minutes. Simmer for another 5 minutes. Take 1 cup of salsify stock and pour into another saucepan. Then add the honey, butter, sriracha, and cayenne. Season with salt and pepper. Bring back to a boil and simmer for another 10 minutes to allow the flavors to blend., ingredients: [2 stalks salsify, peeled and sliced in half, 1 ear corn, shucked, Olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 12 cups cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 2 strips bacon, cooked and chopped, Peanut oil, for frying, Salsify Honey Butter Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 4 salsify stalks, 12 cup honey, 4 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons sriracha, 1 tablespoon cayenne, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Salsify, Corn and Bacon Hush Puppy with Salsify Honey Butter Dipping Sauce, picturelink: pmz6NxciFIoICedL3oiJ1PzYWvbWPKi}, 6680: {instructions: While the pasta for this dish is cooking, heat the olive oil and butter in a large skillet over moderate heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the eggs and cook, sunnyside up, basting with a spoon, for 2 to 3 minutes without turning, or until the eggs are just done the yolks must remain runny. Remove the pan from the heat and sprinkle eggs with coarse salt and hot red pepper flakes.nYou must time this dish so that the pasta is ready as soon as the eggs are done. Place the pasta on a serving platter and toss with the ParmigianoReggiano, additional red pepper flakes, and parsley. Pour the contents of the egg pan, including the oil, butter, and garlic, onto the pasta. Garnish pasta and eggs with oregano or sage and serve immediately. Pass the additional ParmigianoReggiano at the table.nSuggested drink: Giuseppe Franca Nozze DOro, Tasca DAlmerita, 1994., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 4 large eggs preferably from freerange chicken, Coarse salt to taste, Crushed hot red pepper flakes to taste, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano plus additional as an accompaniment, 14 cup minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon minced fresh oregano or sage], title: Fried Egg, Red Pepper, Garlic, and Herb Topping for Pasta, picturelink: null}, 6681: {instructions: Arrange the mozzarella balls on a sheet tray. Remove any excess liquid by patting them dry with paper towels.nIn three separate shallow baking dishes, first add the flour to one and season with salt and pepper. Next, whisk together the milk and eggs in the second. Finally, add the breadcrumbs and Parmesan in the last shallow baking dish.nRoll each mozzarella ball in the flour, followed by the egg mixture and finally the breadcrumb mixture. Repeat the process with the remaining ingredients.nIn a large highsided saute pan, add 3 inches of oil. Heat the oil until it reaches 350 degrees F on a frying thermometer.nWorking with 4 or 5 mozzarella balls at a time, fry until golden brown, about 1 minute. Remove with slotted spoon on to paper towellined plate and season immediately with salt.nTo hold before serving, keep mozzarella balls on a wire rack over sheet tray in a 200 F degree oven.nServe with Simple Tomato Sauce link to Kelseys existing recipe on cctv.com, ingredients: [Two 8ounce containers mozzarella bocconcini, drained from liquid, 34 cups allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 13 cup milk, 3 large eggs, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Vegetable oil, for frying, Simple Tomato Sauce, for serving], title: Fried Bocconcini, picturelink: null}, 6682: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nButter a nonstick regular size muffin tin with 12 muffin cups or 2 6muffin cups.nFor the polenta:nIn a mediumsized stock pot over medium heat, bring the milk and stock to a bubble.nWhile the liquids are heating up place a small skillet over mediumhigh heat with 1 turn of the pan of olive oil, about 1 tablespoon. Add the chorizo and cook until crispy 2 to 3 minutes.nOnce the liquids come up to a bubble slowly whisk in the polenta and continue whisking until it begins to thicken and resemble hot oatmeal about 3 to 4 minutes. Turn off the heat and add in the cheese, chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons butter and crispy chorizo. Pour the polenta into the muffin tins, 12 of the way up the muffin cup.nOnce all the cups are filled, form a well with the back of a spoon by pushing the polenta up the side until it reaches the top rim of the muffin tin. The well will be relatively large but thats ok, you want the egg to have a little nesting place so it wont overflow out of the tin. Once you have made all the wells, crack an egg into each of the polenta filled cups. Season the tops of the eggs with some salt and pepper. Transfer to the oven and bake for 20 minutes yolk will still be a little runny. Once done, remove from the oven and let sit. Run a small butter knife around the edges of the polenta to loosen from the sides of the muffin tin. Gently help them out of the muffin tins with a fork or a knife and serve plated or on a platter., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, plus more for greasing, 1 12 cups milk, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 to 13pound chorizo peeled from casing and chopped into fine dice, 1 cup quick cooking polenta, 12 to 23 cup shredded Manchego cheese, a couple of handfuls, A handful fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 12 eggs, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Chorizo Egg Cups, picturelink: null}, 6683: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl combine flour, cocoa, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. Set aside.nIn a larger mixing bowl combine brown sugar, butter, sugar, maple syrup and vanilla. Mix until smooth. Add in espresso granules and eggs. Mix in dry ingredients until thoroughly combined. Stir in chocolate chunks and walnut pieces. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Drop cookie dough by rounded spoonfuls onto parchment paper. Bake for 12 minutes. After baking, place cookies on a cooling rack and allow to cool for 10 minutes. Serve with milk., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 23 cup baking cocoa, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 cup butter, softened, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup maple syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons espresso granules, 2 eggs, 2 cups semisweet chocolate chunks, 1 12 cups walnut pieces, Skim milk], title: Heartbreak Healers, picturelink: null}, 6684: {instructions: In a small saucepan, melt the butter and water on high heat. Add the sugar and corn syrup. Wipe down the sides of the saucepan with a damp pastry brush to remove any loose sugar crystals. Cook the sugar mixture to 300 degrees F. Remove from the heat and set the pan over an ice bath for 5 to 10 seconds to stop the cooking. Remove from the ice bath. Add the vanilla and baking soda, stirring to incorporate. Quickly pour the mixture onto a silicone pad and spread thin. Sprinkle with chopped hazelnuts. Let set until completely cool, 5 to 7 minutes.nOnce the toffee is set, turn over onto a sheet of parchment. Spread a thin layer of fluid, tempered chocolate onto the toffee and let set. Once set, the chocolate should be shiny, hard, and should snap with any given resistance. Turn back over and break into desired pieces.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nOver a double boiler, melt 4 ounces chocolate to 115 degrees to 120 degrees F. Bring the bowl, with the chocolate, to a flat, clean work surface  preferably marble or stainless steel , wiping away any access water or steam from the bowl. With rubber spatula, fully incorporate the remaining 1 ounce chocolate. Bring down the temperature of the chocolate to 80 to 84 degrees F by either stirring constantly in a figure 8 motion, or tabling see Cooks Note. Once cooled, test the chocolate by dipping a small strip of parchment paper into the melted chocolate, and then lay it down on a clean work surface. If tempered, the chocolate on the parchment paper should be dry, hard, shiny, and without any streaks in 3 to 5 minutes. If any of these occur, keep stirring agitating the chocolate, or table it again, until a parchment paper test shows that the chocolate is tempered. When tempered, bring the chocolate back to the double boiler and reheat to NO HIGHER than 89 degrees F. Bringing the temperature back up aids in a more fluid working consistency. Transfer the chocolate to a chocolate warmer or set the bowl on top of a heating pad at medium setting to keep in temper., ingredients: [4 12 ounces butter, 3 ounces water, 14 ounces sugar, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 5 ounces chopped, toasted hazelnuts, Tempered Chocolate, recipe follows, 5 ounces dark chocolate couverture, chopped, divided], title: Butter Toffee Hazelnuts and Dark Chocolate, picturelink: dFRvq0cfAiPDsiwlWrL5J7pRaQuZGpu}, 6685: {instructions: For the buttermilk strawberry skillet cake: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 10inch castiron skillet and dust with flour.nBeat the butter and 34 cup of the sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed. Beat in the vanilla and egg. Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl until combined. With the mixer running, add about a third of the flour mixture to the buttersugar mixture, then add about half of the buttermilk. Continue adding the flour and buttermilk in this manner, ending with the flour, mixing just until the batter comes together.nPour the batter into the prepared skillet and smooth the top. Place the strawberries on top of the cake batter, pressing down gently. Sprinkle the remaining 2 teaspoons sugar over top. Bake until golden brown, 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool slightly.nFor the strawberry whipped cream: Place a mixing bowl and whisk attachment into the freezer 15 minutes prior to using.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the cold whisk attachment, whip the cream until soft peaks form, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the jam and vanilla and continue whipping until stiff peaks form, about 2 minutes more. If not using immediately, cover and refrigerate.nServe the cake with the whipped cream and Jerrys Sugared Pecans.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a large baking sheet with sides with aluminum foil. Pour the melted butter onto the lined sheet.nIn a large bowl, mix the sugar, cinnamon and egg whites. Add the pecan halves and toss until they are fully coated.nSpread the pecans onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 30 minutes, stirring the pecans every 10 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet for 10 to 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [5 tablespoons salted butter, at room temperature, plus additional for the skillet, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for the skillet, 34 cup plus 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup buttermilk, 2 cups strawberries, tops removed, sliced in half lengthwise, 34 cup cold heavy whipping cream, 14 cup strawberry jam, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Jerrys Sugared Pecans, recipe follows, for serving, 12 cup 1 stick butter, melted, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 large egg whites, 4 cups pecan halves], title: Buttermilk Strawberry Skillet Cake with Strawberry Whipped Cream and Jerrys Sugared Pecans, picturelink: QdV.TvN5T4404t5XawY1js3QD6MLGq}, 6686: {instructions: Heat a little clarified butter in a large pan. Add onion, sprinkling sugar over them to help them brown. Add garlic and cook for a few minutes. Stir the onions and garlic and place tripe pieces on top. Add tomatoes and 34 cup red wine and bring to a boil. Then add mushrooms and smoked beef, sausage, herbs and nutmeg. Season generously with salt and pepper. Reduce heat and simmer for 1 hour.nAfter 1 hour, add remaining red wine and cook another 2 hours, until tripe is tender. Pour into warmed soup tureen and serve immediately., ingredients: [Clarified butter, 1 medium onion, sliced, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 2 pounds honeycomb tripe, parboiled, cut into bite size portions, 1 pound tomatoes, skinned, seeded, and cubed, 1 34 cups dry red wine, 4 ounces mushrooms, sliced, 14 pound smoked beef, roughly sliced, 12 pound Polish sausage, sliced into 12inch rounds, 1 bouquet garni 1 bay leaf, 2 teaspoons rosemary, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste], title: Chuttletopf, picturelink: null}, 6687: {instructions: Special equipment: a fine sieve a deep fryer, slotted spoon or spider and raspnRoughly chop the raw shrimp and place in a large bowl.nIn a small bowl, whip the egg whites with a fork until frothy. Stir in the cream, salt, pepper, and cumin seeds. Combine with chopped shrimp. Mix well with the jicama, green onion, cilantro, ginger, and kaffir lime leaves.nPress any excess moisture out of the crab meat in a colander. Combine the crab with the shrimp mixture.nPour the panko into a wide, shallow dish. Scoop out a heaping tablespoon of the shrimp and crab mixture and drop it into the panko. Using your hands, shape the shrimp and crab mixture into round cakes and evenly coat with the panko. Repeat with the remaining mixture and place the crab cakes on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Refrigerate for 30 minutes until firm.nHeat a deep fryer to 350 degrees F or heat 34inch of vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat, just until the surface of the oil begins to gently ripple. Fry the crab cakes, a few at a time, until crispy and golden, about 2 minutes per side. Remove from the hot oil with a slotted spoon or spider and place on absorbent paper to absorb any excess oil.nServe with GingerLime Dipping Sauce on the side.nPut sugar, water, ginger, and salt in a heavybottomed saucepan. Bring to a boil, then lower heat and reduce to a syrupy consistency about 15 minutes. Strain through a fine sieve, discard ginger, reserve liquid, and let cool.nIn a small food processor, pulse cilantro, lime juice, chile, and green onion about 30 seconds. Add ginger syrup and pulse until combined.nServe at room temperature., ingredients: [34 pound raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, tail removed , 2 egg whites, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 cup 14inch cubes peeled jicama, 3 green onions, white parts only, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 12 tablespoons rasped or finely grated ginger, 3 minced kaffir lime leaves, 34 pound crabmeat, 3 cups panko bread crumbs, Vegetable oil, for frying, GingerLime Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 cup peeled, thinly sliced, fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 1 fresh green Thai chile, seeded, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped green onion, green part only], title: Shrimp and Crab Cakes, picturelink: xw39tF0Bd8R.1laoaZEoKl3bmaKA.Ya}, 6688: {instructions: In a mixing glass filled with ice add, Worcestershire, hot sauce, salt, pepper, horseradish, lemon juice, and fill with tomato juice. Gently roll to mix. Pour into wine glass. Garnish with lemon wedge and celery branch., ingredients: [2 dashes Worcestershire, 2 dashes hot sauce, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly ground pepper, Pinch horseradish, 14ounce fresh lemon juice, 5 ounces tomato juice, Lemon wedge, for garnish, Celery branch for garnish], title: Virgin Mary, picturelink: null}, 6689: {instructions: Heat grill to high.nBrush lamb chops with oil and season on both sides with salt and pepper and the herbes de Provence, pressing the herbs to adhere. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side or until slightly charred and cooked to mediumrare doneness. Serve 2 chops per person topped with some of the Tapenade Butter. Garnish with fresh oregano, if desired.nPlace butter, anchovies, garlic, zest, and pepper flakes in a food processor and process until smooth. Add the olives, salt, and pepper and pulse until well combined. Scrape the mixture into a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving, if desired. Remove the butter from the refrigerator 10 minutes before serving to soften slightly.nYield: about 1 12 cups, ingredients: [8 baby lamb chops, Frenched, Olive or canola oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon herbes de Provence, Tapenade Butter, recipe follows, Fresh chopped oregano leaves, for garnish, optional, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, slightly softened, 4 anchovy fillets, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon chopped lemon zest, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 cup Nicoise olives, pitted and coarsely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Lamb Chops with Tapenade Butter, picturelink: I5mHtgVvS1Tl8CxKTwA20O27qq4SfW}, 6690: {instructions: Bring chicken broth and water to simmer with soy sauce. Whisk a few tablespoonfuls of the hot broth into the miso paste and reserve. Add bean curd and spinach and cook over low heat for a minute to wilt. Return miso paste to soup and simmer a few seconds to thicken, but DO NOT BOIL. Adjust the seasoning. Garnish and ladle out., ingredients: [2 cups chicken broth, 2 cups water, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 2 tablespoons miso paste, 4 ounces silky soft bean curd, cut into 12inch dice, 8 ounces spinach, stemmed and leaves washed, Garnish crushed red pepper flakes toasted sesame seeds], title: Silky Bean Curd Soup with Greens, picturelink: null}, 6691: {instructions: Place all ingredients, except garnish, in a cocktail shaker with ice cubes. Shake for 10 seconds and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a lime wedge or grapefruit slice., ingredients: [2 ounces agricole rum, 12ounce maraschino liqueur, 1ounce fresh lime juice, 3 ounces fresh grapefruit juice, Ice cubes, Lime wedge or grapefruit slice, for garnish], title: Hemingway Daiquiri, picturelink: null}, 6692: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the salt, 1 teaspoon of the paprika, 12 teaspoon of the onion powder, and 12 teaspoon of the garlic powder. Add the buttermilk and whisk until the salt is completely dissolved and the spices are dispersed in the liquid.nCut the chicken lengthwise into about 1inchwide strips. Add to the marinade and let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. Do not marinate any longer or the chicken will be too salty. If you cant cook it right at the 30minute mark, remove the chicken from the marinade and refrigerate until ready to continue.nIn a large shallow dish a 9 by 13inch baking dish works well, combine the bread crumbs, the remaining 1 teaspoon paprika, the remaining 12 teaspoon of onion powder, and the remaining 12 teaspoon of the garlic powder. Add the 2 tablespoons oil and toss well to coat. Whisk together the egg whites and mustard in a second large shallow dish. Season both mixtures with pepper.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with aluminum foil, then set an ovenproof rack on it. Coat the rack with nonstick cooking spray.nRemove the chicken from the marinade, shaking off any excess, and thread onto sixteen 12inch bamboo skewers, dividing the meat evenly, about 1 strip per skewer. Dip the chicken into the egg mixture, coating both sides. Place in the bread crumb mixture one skewer at a time, sprinkle with crumbs to cover, and press so the coating adheres to both sides. Gently shake off any excess crumbs and place the skewers on the prepared rack.nBake the chicken, turning halfway through, until golden brown and the juices run clear, about 25 minutes. Serve warm with the dipping sauce.nPut the vinegar, onion, garlic, honey, and mustard in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Pulse until smooth. With the motor running, add the oil in a slow steady stream until thick and emulsified. Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper. Store in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 cup lowfat buttermilk, 3 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, trimmed 1 12 pounds, 2 cups panko Japanese bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 large egg whites, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Freshly ground black pepper, VidaliaHoney Mustard Dipping Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 Vidalia onion, peeled and quartered, 1 garlic clove, 13 cup honey, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup canola oil, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: OvenFried ChickenonaStick with VidaliaHoney Mustard Dipping Sauce, picturelink: 9yELOGRSIqnS0Z1JbrGrB4mxyCr7l6u}, 6693: {}, 6694: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix the ginger, saffron, olive oil, onion, and garlic together. Heat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil mixture and cook until the onions soften, about 8 minutes.nCarefully add 2 cups of water to the mix and bring to simmer. Add the hens, skin side down into and cook for 10 minutes at a very low simmer. Remove only the hens to a baking dish, keeping the sauce warm over a low heat. Put the hens in oven and bake until it is cooked through, about 45 minutes. Serve on warm plate, hens first, then garnish with lemon and olives. Pour reserved sauce over hens., ingredients: [1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon saffron, 12 cup olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 cups water, 2 Cornish game hens, split approximately 3 pounds total, 2 halves lemon confit also known as preserved lemon, chopped, for garnish, 15 olives, for garnish], title: Cornish Game Hens with Saffron, Olives, and Lemon Confit, picturelink: 8CfEw.dqOpkubjTV7snK7zYljr7eR36}, 6695: {instructions: In a large skillet heat oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook onions, stirring occasionally, until just softened. Remove skillet from heat and cool onions. With a sharp knife cut a slice from top and bottom of each melon to expose flesh and arrange with a cut side down on a cutting board. Cutting from top to bottom, remove rind. Halve melons, discarding seeds, and cut 1 cantaloupe half and 1 honeydew half into 1inchthick wedges. Arrange wedges in a platter. Cut remaining melon into 34inch chunks and in a bowl toss with mint, lime juice, and pepper to taste.nSpoon melon mixture over melon wedges on platter and top with onions and pine nuts. Just before serving, toss mixture to combine., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 red onions, sliced 14inch thick, 2 cantaloupes, 1 honeydew melon, 14 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted], title: Melon with Red Onion and Pine Nuts, picturelink: null}, 6696: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace oysters on grill and grill until the shell opens. Remove top shell and place a piece of shiitake mushroom and green onion on oysters. Heat the peanut oil, and add the soy sauce. Pour over oysters for a sizzling effect., ingredients: [4 oysters, 4 pieces thinly sliced shiitake mushrooms, 1 green onion, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon peanut oil, 2 ounces soy sauce], title: Oysters, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 6697: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nIn a large mixing bowl, whip the egg whites until white and foamy. Add the cream of tartar and salt and continue whipping until soft, droopy peaks form. Still whipping, add 1 cup of the sugar in a thin stream and whip until stiff and glossy. Sift the remaining 12 cup sugar and the flour together 3 times to aerate and lighten the mixture. Work quickly so the egg white does not deflate or sift through a strainer onto a sheet of waxed paper. Fold into egg whites 13 at a time. Fold in the vanilla and tangerine zest. Gently spoon the mixture into an ungreased tube pan. Smooth the top and bake 30 to 35 minutes, until golden brown.nRemove cake from oven and turn the pan upside down and hang it around the neck of a wine bottle to cool to room temperature. Slide a butter knife around the sides of the pan and put a serving plate on top. Turn over and knock the cake out onto the plate. The browned crust of the cake will stick to the pan. When the cake has cooled thoroughly, make the glaze and drizzle the glaze evenly over the cake. Let set in a cool place.nGlaze: Whisk together the tangerine juice and egg whites, then add the confectioners sugar and stir until smooth., ingredients: [1 12 cups egg whites, at room temperature, 1 14 teaspoons cream of tartar, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 18 cups sifted cake flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tangerine, grated zest, Tangerine glaze, recipe follows, 14 cup freshly squeezed tangerine juice, 1 tablespoon egg whites, 8 ounces confectioners sugar], title: Tangerine Angel Food Cake with Tangerine Glaze, picturelink: null}, 6698: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Thoroughly spray 18 muffin cups with baking spray.nTo make the cake batter, combine the flour, granulated sugar and salt. Set aside.nIn a separate container, combine the buttermilk, baking soda, vanilla and eggs. Stir to combine and set aside.nIn a saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the cocoa powder and stir to combine. Add the boiling water, allow to bubble for a few seconds and then turn off the heat.nPour the chocolate mixture over the flour mixture. Stir a few times to cool the chocolate. Pour the buttermilk mixture over the top and stir to combine.nFill muffin cups just over half full do not overfill. Bake for 13 to 15 minutes. Allow to cool for 5 minutes in the pan, and then remove the cupcakes and allow to cool completely on a baking rack.nFor the ganache: To make the ganache, heat the cream and corn syrup over medium heat. Chop the chocolate and add to a bowl. Add the vanilla to the cream mixture, and then pour the cream mixture over the top of the chopped chocolate. Whisk together until melted, smooth and glossy. Allow to cool slightly.nFor the creme filling: Whip together the butter and shortening until light and fluffy.nSift together the powdered sugar and salt and add it to the butter mixture in batches. Add the milk, then the vanilla, beating the whole time. Scrape the sides of the bowl, and beat until very light and fluffy. Put the filling into a pastry bag fitted with a medium tip.nWhen the cupcakes are totally cool, insert the tip of the pastry bag into the bottom of the cupcake and fill with creme filling. When cupcakes are filled, spoon ganache so that it completely coats each cupcake OR dip to coat.nLet them set before serving., ingredients: [Baking spray, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 whole eggs, 2 sticks butter, 4 tablespoons heaping cocoa powder, 1 cup boiling water, 1 cup heavy cream, 6 tablespoons corn syrup, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 stick butter, 12 cup shortening, such as Crisco, 4 cups powdered sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 cup whole milk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Heavenly Creme Filled Cupcakes, picturelink: e5xFRmvHvm2l2qbi0ghG1Xocj4pYNVi}, 6699: {instructions: To make the enchiladas filling: Strip the leaves from the stems of the Swiss chard, and chop the leaves and coarsely slice the stems and set aside.nIn a large skillet over medium high heat, heat the 2 tablespoons oil. Add the potatoes and cook until golden brown and tender, about 8 minutes. Season with 14 teaspoon of the salt, and pepper, to taste. Remove from the pan with a slotted spoon, and drain on a paper towellined plate. Add the onions and garlic, and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the Swiss chard stems, cook until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the leaves, and remaining salt and pepper, cover, stirring occasionally, until the leaves are wilted, about 5 minutes more. Transfer the mixture to a strainer over a medium bowl, drain off any excess liquid, and cool. Combine the potatoes with 12 cup of the cheese and the Swiss chard mixture, and set aside.nTo make the salsa: Put the tomatillos in a medium saucepan and cover with water by about an inch. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer until tender, about 7 minutes.nIn a blender, combine the onions, garlic, jalapeno, 34 teaspoon salt, and puree until smooth. Using a slotted spoon transfer the tomatillos to the blender, along with about 14cup of the cooking liquid, puree until smooth. Add the coriander and blend briefly.nTo assemble the enchiladas: Pour enough vegetables oil into a skillet so it is about a 14 deep, and heat over high heat. Fry the tortillas one at a time, until they are soften, about 5 seconds. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pour about a cup of the tomatillo salsa into the bottom of 13 by 9 inch baking dish. Put 2 heaping tablespoon of the Swiss chard mixture in the center each tortilla and roll them up. Place the tortillas, seams side down, on the sauce laying the enchiladas snuggly next to one other. Spoon the remaining sauce over the enchiladas and sprinkle with the remaining cheese. Bake until the enchiladas are heated through and the cheese is softened, about 20 minutes. Serve with sour cream on top, if desired., ingredients: [12 pound Swiss chard stems and leaves, rinsed, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus as needed, 1 teaspoons kosher salt, 6 ounces Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 12 inch dice, 12 medium onion, chopped, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, Fresh ground pepper, 4 ounces cojito cheese, crumbled, divided, 8 corn tortillas, 8 tomatillos about 12 ounces, husked and well rinsed, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 medium onion, coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 jalapeno chile with seeds, 14 cup chopped fresh coriander cilantro, Serving suggestions: sour cream], title: Swiss Chard and Potato Enchiladas, picturelink: null}, 6700: {instructions: Bring salted water to a rolling boil for the pasta and cook to package directions for al dente pasta.nSlice prosciutto ham into thin strips across. Separate ham ribbons and loosely pile them up and set aside.nPreheat a large skillet over moderate heat. Drain the pasta. Add the butter to the pan and melt. Add halfandhalf to the melted butter. Stirring constantly, add cheese and cook sauce 1 minute. Season with nutmeg, pepper, and a pinch of salt. Turn off heat under sauce and add pasta to the skillet. Toss pasta until sauce coats the noodles evenly. Add prosciutto ribbons and toss to evenly distribute them. Mangia, ingredients: [1 12 ounce package egg fettuccine, 13 pound prosciutto di Parma, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 to 1 14 cups halfandhalf, 1 cup 3 healthy handfuls grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 pinches ground nutmeg or about 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Coarse ground black pepper, A pinch coarse salt], title: Fettuccine allAlfredo con Prosciutto di Parma, picturelink: OY0qKWNZS6ek2XgoCOyfvRs7So2mHlW}, 6701: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Cover baking sheet with parchment paper draw two circles, each 7 to 712 inches.nMeasure flour, cocoa, sugar and salt into the food processor or into the large bowl of electric mixer. Mix well. Cut the butter into thin slices and add to the flour mixture. Mix or process until mixture resembles moist sand. Add the chocolate and nuts and continue mixing until a dough forms. Shape dough into a smooth ball. Cut the dough into quarters. Shape each quarter into a smooth ball. Place dough ball onto the center of each circle drawn on the parchment paper. Flatten the round to within 12 inch of the inside edge of the round. With a fork, make impressions on the top of each round and use the fork to round off the edges. Sprinkle each round with 1 teaspoon sugar. With a straight knife, cut each round into eight wedges leave wedges in place.nBake for 1 hour or until the shortbread is a light golden color. With a straightedged knife, cut the wedges apart while still warm., ingredients: [214 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup dark, unsweetened cocoa, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 2 squares 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted, 12 cup finely chopped walnuts or pecans, 4 teaspoons sugar], title: Chocolate Nut Shortbread, picturelink: null}, 6702: {instructions: Combine the yeast and water in the bowl of an electric mixer. Let it rest until frothy, about 15 minutes. Using the paddle attachment, incorporate the flours into the yeast mixture. Beat in the salt and fennel. Switch to the dough hook and knead for 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the dough and place it into a lightly oiled bowl, turning to coat. Cover the dough with plastic and allow it to rise until doubled, about 1 hour. Punch the dough down, cover, and let it rise a second time until doubled, about 45 minutes.nTurn the risen dough out onto a work surface and divide it into 8 balls aproximately 3 ounces each. Place the balls on a floured cookie sheet, cover with a damp towel, and let them rest for 20 minutes. On a lightly floured work surface roll the balls out, dusting with flour as needed. Roll into 7inch disks. Prepare a hot charcoal or stove top grill. Lightly brush the disks with olive oil. Place the disks, oiled side down on the grill. The breads will begin to rise almost immediately. When golden brown on 1 side, flip the breads over, brush again and cook until brown. Remove from the grill and serve warm.nVARIATIONS: Calzones: Place 2 to 3 tablespoons of a mixture of freshly grated Parmesan and coarsely ground black pepper and fold over.nPizzas: After turning top with a simple tomato sauce made with fresh basil and roasted garlic. Yield: 34 cup, ingredients: [1 package dry active yeast, 1 14 cups warm water not over 110 degrees, 2 34 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, plus additional for rolling, 14 cup wholle wheat flour or coarse rye flour, 2 teaspoons Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons crushed fennel seed, Olive oil, for brushing breads], title: Flatbread, picturelink: null}, 6703: {instructions: Set a 2quart saucepan on medium heat and add the oil. Once the oil is hot and shimmering, add the sausage and cook, breaking the sausage up with a wooden spoon, until it has rendered out and become browned and crispy, 6 to 8 minutes.nAdd the porcini and a pinch of salt. When the mushrooms have released their liquid, scrape up the fond on the bottom of the pan, and then add the flour, stirring to coat all the ingredients. Continue gently stirring for about 1 minute and then add the cream, bring to a boil and then reduce to a gentle simmer. Simmer until the gravy is thickened and coats the back of a spoon, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed or vegetable oil, 12 pound pork sausage, removed from casings, 2 ounces fresh porcini mushrooms, roughly chopped, Salt and freshly cracked black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 cups heavy cream], title: Porcini and Sausage Gravy, picturelink: ycmtIkvg3mefGme6hsFLLPU7aNAT9q}, 6704: {instructions: Special equipment: La Caja ChinanWhisk together the water, salt, sugar, and peppercorns in an extra large stockpot or large plastic container until most of the salt and sugar have dissolved. Place the pork shoulder in the mixture, making sure it is completely submerged, and refrigerate for at least 12 hours and up to 24 hours. Remove pork, rinse well with cold water then pat dry. Season pork with cilantro and achiote seasoning.nPrepare a Caja China according to the manufacturers directions. Place pork, skin side down, in the box and carefully fill tray to its full capacity with lit charcoal. Cook for 1 hour, carefully uncover you will need to protect yourself from the heat the Caja China, and turn the meat over. When you turn the pork shoulder, make some small cuts in the skin. Cover the Caja China, add more charcoal as needed, and continue roasting for 2 to 2 12 more hours. Do not uncover until pork is done. Alternatively, you can grill the pork start out on high heat to char it and then reduce the heat, cover, and cook until desired degree of doneness. You can also use a rotisserie.nWhen the pork is done, remove it from the Caja China and let rest for at least 15 minutes before slicing. Slice and serve with the Sour OrangeHabanero Dipping Sauce.nHeat grill to high. Bring orange juice and lime juice to a boil in a medium nonreactive saucepan on the grates of the grill and cook until reduced to about 2 cups. Let cool slightly. Transfer the mixture to a blender and add the onion, garlic, habanero, vinegar, and honey and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil and blend until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let cool to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [3 to 4 quarts cold water, 1 cup kosher salt, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons whole black peppercorns, 1 bonein pork shoulder, about 7 pounds, Cilantro and achiote seasoning recommended: Sazon Goya with Cilantro and Achiote, Sour OrangeHabanero Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 cup pure olive oil, 4 cups fresh orange juice, 1 cup fresh lime juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 small red onion, coarsely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 to 1 whole habanero chile, chopped depending on how hot you like it, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar], title: Brined Pork Shoulder Cooked in a Caja China with Sour Orange Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 6705: {instructions: Saute shellfish in butter. Add wine, onions, shallots, and tomatoes. Simmer for 3 minutes, and stir to blend while bringing to a boil. Add heavy cream and tarragon. Cook lobster raviolis in water at a rolling boil for 2 to 3 minutes, or until most float. Strain and plate ravioli, pour seafood cream sauce over. Serve hot., ingredients: [4 ounces mixed shellfish shrimp, lobster, crab, mussels, etc, 14 ounce white wine, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 ounces Roma tomatoes, diced, 1 ounce white pearl onions, diced, 1 ounce shallots, 1 tablespoon tarragon, 12 pound Florentynas Black and White Langostino lobster ravioli], title: Black and White Lobster Ravioli in a Seafood Cream Sauce, picturelink: i.m0hSXwpHykjlp9KXibiXIbCImu8qO}, 6706: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nPlace the breadfruit in an 8 by 8inch baking pan. Add 1 12 cups of water to the pan to prevent the breadfruit from burning. Roast until tender, about 1 hour, adding water to the pan if necessary. Peel breadfruit, and discard stem and core, then slice the remaining flesh, and serve with Vegetable Rundown, to absorb all that tasty sauce, ingredients: [1 unpeeled green breadfruit, 1 12 cups water], title: Roasted Breadfruit, picturelink: null}, 6707: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the paprika, ancho powder, brown sugar, cumin, garlic, canola oil, salt and pepper in a small bowl.nPlace the shrimp in a large bowl, add the spice rub and stir well to coat each shrimp.nHeat your grill to high.nSkewer 12 the shrimp and place on a grill pan to cook until just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in half of the green onions and transfer to a large platter or turnout onto brown paper bags. Wipe out the pan with paper towels, and repeat with the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [14 cup smoked sweet paprika, 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 pounds 21 to 24 count large shrimp, shell on, 6 cloves coarsely chopped fresh garlic, 12 cup thinly sliced green onion, divided, Special equipment: wooden skewers, soaked in water for about 25 minutes], title: Peel and Eat BBQ Shrimp, picturelink: mMcASfXJ9ZTN6DTh5u5nkH0fj7K8Fpy}, 6708: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour enough olive oil into a large, deep, heavy frying pan to reach a depth of 3 inches. Heat the oil over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F.nWhile the oil is heating, put the buttermilk and the bread crumbs in separate shallow bowls. Working in batches, dip clams and oysters in buttermilk to coat completely. Allow the excess buttermilk to drip back in to the bowl. Dredge clams and oysters in the bread crumbs. Place the clams and oysters on a baking sheet, and continue.nWhen the oil is hot, fry the clams and oysters in batches, about 3 minutes per batch. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the fried seafood to paper towels to drain.nImmediately sprinkle the fried seafood with freshly squeezed lemon and sea salt. Serve with a bowl of warmed spicy marinara or arrabiata sauce for dipping., ingredients: [Olive oil, for frying, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 cups Italianstyle breadcrumbs, 12 pound, small, shucked clams, about 20 to 25, 12 pound, small, shucked oysters, about 8 to 10, 1 lemon, cut in 12, Sea salt, 1 12 cups marinara or arrabiata sauce store bought or homemade, warmed, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, optional, if using marinara not arrabiata sauce], title: Fried Clams and Oysters, picturelink: LEW6gwurN8AunnNJQv2OcB04PHtcWQ2}, 6709: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium meat. Add peas and cook 2 minutes, until crisptender. Add salt and pepper and stir to coat. Remove from heat and stir in mint., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 3 cups frozen green peas, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves], title: Green Peas with Mint, picturelink: null}, 6710: {instructions: In the bottom of a heavy casserole saute the chopped bacon to render the fat. Add the onion to the bacon fat and brown until golden. Stir in the garlic but do not burn. Quickly add the beef in one layer, season with salt and pepper and brown all sides well.nSprinkle the paprika, marjoram and lemon zest in and quickly stir to coat the meat evenly.nAdd vinegar and wine and cook until nearly dry.nAdd the tomato and broth, bring to a boil quickly before lowering the heat to a simmer and cook gently for 45 minutes. Add the potatoes. Continue to cook for an additional 20 minutes before serving with buttered noodles., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, chopped, 2 large onions, thinly sliced, about 1 12 cups, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 pounds beef shank or chuck, cut into stew meat, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons hot Hungarian paprika, 1 teaspoon ground marjoram, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup tomato puree, 2 cups beef broth, 1 cup diced potatoes], title: Hungarian Beef Stew Goulash, picturelink: null}, 6711: {instructions: Special equipment: deepfry thermometer, mandoline slicernPour oil to a depth of 4 inches in a heavybottomed pot and heat over mediumhigh heat to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with paper towels.nMix the salt, sugar, chili powder and cayenne in a small bowl and set aside. Very thinly slice the sweet potatoes on a mandoline slicer and carefully drop into the hot oil in batches, being careful to not overcrowd the pan. Deepfry until golden around edges, 45 seconds to 1 minute, and transfer to a lined baking sheet. Sprinkle the chips with seasoning while they are still hot and let cool to crisp. Remove the chips from the baking sheet to a serving bowl and eat immediately while still crunchy, ingredients: [Peanut or vegetable oil, for frying peanut oil is best, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon chili powder, Pinch cayenne pepper, or as desired, 2 sweet potatoes, washed, scrubbed, and dried], title: Spicy Sweet Potato Chips, picturelink: null}, 6712: {instructions: Cream the cheese in an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment until just smooth. Add the sour cream, lemon juice, dill, horseradish, salt, and pepper, and mix. Add the smoked salmon and mix well. Chill and serve with crudites or crackers.nIf you can find it, I prefer Norwegian salmon its drier and less salty than other smoked salmon., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill, 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish, drained, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 pound 4 ounces smoked salmon, minced], title: Smoked Salmon Spread, picturelink: null}, 6713: {instructions: Thinly slice 1 red onion and 1 bunch radishes. Soak in ice water, 5 minutes drain and pat dry. Whisk 4 teaspoons rice vinegar and 12 teaspoon each dijon mustard and sugar in a bowl. Whisk in 2 tablespoons vegetable oil and 12 teaspoon sesame oil. Add 8 ounces thinly sliced snow peas, the onion and radishes. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Snow PeaRadish Slaw, picturelink: gWTAh5w0b1WmAK6LTfWwwcvbZHNPqz6}, 6714: {instructions: For the couscous: In saucepan over medium heat add olive oil, when hot, add the garlic and red pepper flakes. Add the sundried tomatoes and saute a few minutes more. Add olives and chicken stock and bring to a boil. Add the box of couscous, turn off heat and let stand covered for 5 minutes. Fluff with fork, and season with salt and pepper. Spread 2 cups on large plate, add in 12 pound feta, and let cool. Keep the remaining hot to serve with chicken. Put in covered casserole and reheat in oven last 10 minutes with chicken.nFor the chicken: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nTrim chicken with a boning knife, if needed. Start at top of breast and carefully make a lengthwise cut from top to bottom and making a pocket about 2 inches, making sure not to pierce the other side of the breast. When couscous is cool enough to handle, carefully spoon couscous mixture into pocket. Even out the stuffing by gently moving it around with your hands. Wipe off any excess couscous from outside of breasts and season with salt and pepper.nHeat olive oil and butter in saute pan and brown off both sides of chicken. Place chicken on baking sheet and place in oven for 20 minutes.nWhile chicken is baking, make the sauce.nFor the sauce: In saute pan that you cooked chicken breasts in, heat and add garlic. Deglaze with white wine and add lemon juice. Reduce by one third. Add in sundried tomatoes, let reduce for 2 to 3 minutes, add the olives, turn off heat, add the butter and stir to combine.nTo serve, place couscous from oven on plate, cut chicken breast in half, top with sauce, crumble remaining feta cheese over., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 4 tablespoons sundried tomatoes, drained and chopped, 4 tablespoons kalamata olives, chopped, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 10ounce box couscous, Salt and pepper, 12 pound feta cheese, crumbled, 4 6ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup white wine, 12 lemon, juiced, 6 tablespoons julienned sundried tomatoes, 4 tablespoons roughly chopped kalamata olives, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 pound feta cheese, crumbled, for garnish], title: Couscous Stuffed Chicken Breast with Feta, SunDried Tomatoes and Kalamata Olives, picturelink: b2NuPWceATBMjSEzhZaSP5iuJbMP4m}, 6715: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nChop the chocolates finely with a sharp knife. Place them in a heatproof mixing bowl.nHeat the cream in a small saucepan until it just boils. Turn off the heat and allow the cream to sit for 20 seconds. Pour the cream through a finemeshed sieve into the bowl with chocolate. With a wire whisk, slowly stir the cream and chocolates together until the chocolate is completely melted. Whisk in the Grand Marnier, if using, coffee, and vanilla. Set aside at room temperature for 1 hour.nWith 2 teaspoons, spoon round balls of the chocolate mixture onto a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Refrigerate for 30 minutes, until firm. Roll each dollop of chocolate in your hands to roughly make a round ball. Roll in confectioners sugar, cocoa powder, or both. These will keep refrigerated for weeks, but serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 pound good bittersweet chocolate such as Lindt, 12 pound good semisweet chocolate such as Ghiradelli, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier, optional, 1 tablespoon prepared coffee, 12 teaspoon good vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar, Cocoa powder], title: Chocolate Truffles, picturelink: zdlzphxQGg0EVQoe6wBExNpSlJajz.}, 6716: {instructions: Special equipment: financier moldsnFor the financiers: In a medium bowl, add the apricots, blueberries, cherries, cranberries, orange rind and liqueur. Set aside to rehydrate the fruit.nIn a pot, melt the butter until browned and aromatic. Drain the hydrated fruit and reserve the hydrating liquid for a later use. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix the fruit, brown butter, almond flour, egg whites, allpurpose flour and confectioners sugar until fully incorporated. Chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTransfer the batter to a pastry bag and pipe into the financier molds. Bake until golden brown, 10 minutes.nFor the glaze: In a pot, add the orange juice, sugar and 500 grams 17 23 ounces of the reserved hydrating liquid. Bring to a boil and then remove from the heat. Dip the financier cakes in the warm glaze, and then serve., ingredients: [50 grams 1 34 ounces dried apricots, 50 grams 1 34 ounces dried blueberries, 50 grams 1 34 ounces dried cherries, 50 grams 1 34 ounces dried cranberries, 50 grams 1 34 ounces candied orange rind, 750 grams 26 12 ounces orangeflavored liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, 1100 grams 38 34 ounces butter, 1000 grams 35 14 ounces almond flour, 650 grams 23 ounces egg whites, 210 grams 7 13 ounces allpurpose flour, 100 grams 3 12 ounces confectioners sugar, 500 grams 17 23 ounces orange juice, 500 grams 17 23 ounces granulated sugar], title: Brown Butter Financier Fruitcake, picturelink: KYYfjogzha9ck6OhenS.GgGZZDgFDK}, 6717: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9x13inch glass baking dish with cooking spray set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together milk and pudding mix for 2 minutes let stand for 3 minutes until thick.nIn a large mixing bowl, beat cake mix, water, oil, and eggs with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds. Scrape down sides of bowl beat for 2 minutes on medium speed. Stir in butterscotch chips and carrot. Pour batter into prepared dish. Pour pudding over batter spread evenly.nBake in preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes or until cake tester inserted in center comes out clean. Serve cake warm with a scoop of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 1 box 3.4ounce instant butterscotch pudding and pie filling mix, JellO, 1 box 18.25ounce German chocolate cake mix, Betty Crocker, 1 cup water, 12 cup vegetable oil, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups butterscotch chips, Nestle, 14 cup shredded carrot, Vanilla ice cream, HaagenDazs], title: Butterscotch Pudding Cake, picturelink: sAEkoT.Q7hBEEo2bUNzQnsPPOhwgfm}, 6718: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter or use nonstick spray on a 13 by 9inch baking dish.nSpread the bread cubes in the prepared dish. Place the grated chocolate in a medium bowl set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the sugars, cocoa powder, and cinnamon. Whisk in the eggs, 1 at a time. Stir in the vanilla.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the milk and cream to a boil. Pour the mixture over the grated chocolate and stir until the chocolate is completely melted. Whisking constantly, slowly pour the chocolate mixture into the egg mixture. Stir in the bourbon and pour the chocolate mixture evenly over the bread cubes. Refrigerate pudding for at least 1 hour or up to 12 hours.nBake the pudding until just set and a knife inserted in the center of the pudding comes out clean, about 1 hour. Serve the pudding warm or chilled with Chocolate Whipped Topping.nBeat together the sugar and cream. Once soft peaks form, fold in the chocolate sauce., ingredients: [1 12 1pound loaves dayold French or Italian bread, cut into cubes about 15 cups, 1 pound semisweet chocolate, grated or broken up into small pieces, 1 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 6 large eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 3 cups whole milk, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup bourbon, Chocolate Whipped Topping, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 12 cup chocolate sauce], title: Double Fudge Bread Pudding with Chocolate Whipped Topping, picturelink: y84KnThByu3j8ROgM6TkzdPceaxUu}, 6719: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450. Brush mushrooms well with a damp cloth to remove dirt or grit, do not soak in water. Slice mushrooms into 12inch thick slices, set aside. Heat a medium skillet, add butter, pancetta and shallots and cook over medium heat until pancetta renders most of its fat and shallots are softened. Remove shallot mixture from pan and cool. in a large bowl, add mushrooms and shallot mixture together with the herbs, lemon juice and olive oil, season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nFold a full sheet of parchment paper in half, cut an elongated heart shape using the entire width of the paper. Add 16th of the mushroom mixture to the bottom side of the parchment. Beginning at the center of the heart, begin making well creased folds, continue around the heart until package is completely enclosed. Bake just before serving in 450 oven about 5 minutes or until package has puffed up and is golden brown in color. Open in front of your guests with small scissors or paring knife., ingredients: [12 pound chanterelles, 12 pound porcini, 12 pound hen of the woods, 3 teaspoons unsalted butter, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 2 ounces pancetta, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 3 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon minced tarragon, 1 teaspoon minced thyme, 1 teaspoon minced coriander, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Wild Mushrooms Cooked in Parchment with Fragrant Herbs and Pancetta, picturelink: null}, 6720: {instructions: HEAT oven to 300 degrees F. Whisk eggs in large shallow bowl. Whisk in halfandhalf, sugar, cinnamon and vanilla. Coat electric griddle or large nonstick skillet with cooking spray. Heat griddle to 350 degrees F or skillet over medium heat. Dip bread slices in egg mixture, about 5 seconds each, turning to coat both sides. Cook on prepared griddle until both sides are golden brown. Place on baking sheet while cooking remaining French toast.nSPREAD one side of each of 4 slices cooked French toast with a rounded tablespoon of chocolate hazelnut spread. Cut 2 bananas in half lengthwise, then in half crosswise. Melt butter in medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add banana. Sprinkle with brown sugar. Cook 3 to 4 minutes or until golden brown, turning halfway through cooking time. Remove from skillet, reserving sauce. Arrange banana pieces evenly over spread on French toast. Top with remaining bread slices to form 4 sandwiches.nCOVER sandwiches with foil. Bake 8 to 10 minutes to heat through. Slice remaining banana, adding to sauce in skillet. Saute 2 minutes or until golden brown. Stir in syrup. To serve, cut French toast on a diagonal arrange on serving plates. Sprinkle with powdered sugar andor cocoa powder. Top with bananasyrup mixture. Garnish with whipped cream, if desired., ingredients: [12 cup Hungry Jacku00ae Original Syrup, 1 tbsp. powdered sugar andor unsweetened cocoa powder, Sweetened whipped cream optional, 3 large eggs, beaten, 23 cup halfandhalf, 2 tbsps. sugar, 12 tsp. ground cinnamon, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 8 slices raisin cinnamon swirl bread, 3 ripe bananas, divided, 3 tbsps. butter, 3 tbsps. brown sugar, 13 cup Jifu00ae Chocolate Flavored Hazelnut Spread], title: Chocolate Hazelnut BananaStuffed French Toast, picturelink: E6Zy.eQd.9izLqFDFGiNJKQhVgIqUa.}, 6721: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace squash rings in a plastic bag with olive oil, salt and pepper. Shake until well coated. Place on a baking sheet in a single layer. Cook, turning once until squash is softened and almost cooked through, about 25 minutes. About halfway through cooking, add the asparagus and continue roasting until all are tender., ingredients: [2 1 2 pounds acorn and butternut squash whatever kinds of squash are available, seeded and cut into 12inch rings, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Coarse grained salt and cracked black pepper, 1 bunch asparagus, cleaned], title: Roasted Squash and Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 6722: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nButter casserole dish. In a large pot, melt 3 tablespoons butter and flour over medium heat until golden in color to make a quick roux. The roux should resemble the color of peanut butter. Add mushrooms, onion, garlic, garlic powder, cayenne pepper, heavy cream and chicken stock. Add broccoli, 1 cup of the cheese and rice. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour into buttered dish and top with remaining shredded Cheddar. Bake until cheese is melted and golden, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, plus extra for casserole dish, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 pound shiitake or baby bella mushrooms, sliced, 14 cup onions, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped broccoli, thawed and drained, 2 cups shredded CheddarMonterey blend, 3 cups cooked rice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Special equipment: 1 18quart oval casserole dish], title: Cheesy Mushroom and Broccoli Casserole, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 6723: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCut lavash bread or flatbread into a total of 24 squares, each about 2 inches by 2 inches, and place on a baking sheet sprayed with nonstick spray.nBake in the oven until crispy, about 2 to 4 minutes. Serve with HG Hot Couple sauce.nFor HG Hot Couple:nIn a bowl, stir together the salsa and yogurt until uniform in color. Eat up, ingredients: [1 extralarge or 2 large pieces lavash bread or light flatbread recommended: Kims Light Flatbread, HG Hot Couple sauce, recipe follows], title: Crispy Lavash Squares, picturelink: tqR54t2g8L5saUkwafg7c0f4v6Rvnd6}, 6724: {instructions: Peel, devein and butterfly the shrimp. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon of the salt, allow to stand for 12 hour. During this time, prepare the sauce: mix together the hoisin sauce, chili sauce, Shao Hsing, soy sauce, fish sauce, chili paste, sesame oil, peanut oil, hot chili oil, sugar, and the MSG.nIn a wok heat 4 cups of peanut oil to 375 degrees F. When the shrimp are ready to cook thoroughly wash off salt with cold water. Add another teaspoon salt to shrimp and let sit 30 seconds, and wash off the salt. Repeat this procedure twice more. The final time drain well but do not dry, let some water cling to the shrimp. Immerse half the shrimp into the hot oil, and cook until just past translucent, about 20 seconds. Remove. Add the other half of the shrimp. The oil will not be as hot, so this portion may need 30 seconds to finish cooking. Remove.nDrain all but 2 tablespoons of oil from the wok. Over very high heat, stir fry the ginger, garlic, scallions and dried chilies for one minute. Add the reserved shrimp and toss, add the sauce to coat shrimp and serve.nNote: Chili sauce is an American product available in any supermarket it was introduced to China early in this century and has become a part of Chinese cuisine. Shao Hsing is rice wine, and is available in Chinese liquor stores. Dry sherry is a good substitute.nAvailable at Asian grocery stores., ingredients: [1 pound medium shrimp, 4 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons chili sauce, 2 teaspoons Shao Hsing, 1 teaspoon thin soy sauce, 1 teaspoon fish sauce, 1 teaspoon chili paste with garlic, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 teaspoon peanut oil, 12 teaspoon hot chili oil, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon MSG, 4 cups peanut oil, 2 tablespoons fresh ginger root, finely minced, 3 tablespoons finely minced garlic, 4 scallions, finely minced, 3 dried red chilies], title: Szechuan Shrimp with Chili Sauce, picturelink: null}, 6725: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl toss the oil with onions, carrots, garlic, leeks and arrange them in a roasting pan.nPlace pan in oven and roast, stirring once, for 45 minutes or until golden brown and tender.nIn a large saucepan or stock pot combine the roasted vegetables with carrot tops, thyme, rosemary, bay leaf, peppercorns, clove and water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally for 1 hour or until the broth is reduced to about 8 cups. Strain.nAdditions for Summer Stock: summer squash, tomatoes, green beans, eggplant, bell peppers, corn cobs, marjoram, oregano, basil.nInstead of first roasting vegetables, saute them over high heat for 5 to 10 minutes or until vegetables begin to brown. Complete recipe as above.nAdditions for Winter Stock: celery root, parsley root, dried sage, mushrooms both dried or 1 pound fresh., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 large onions, quartered, 2 large carrots, quartered, tops reserved, 8 large garlic cloves, crushed, 2 large leeks, washed, trimmed, tough outer leaves removed, 1 large sprig thyme, 1 large sprig rosemary, 1 bay leaf, 6 whole black peppercorns, 1 whole clove, 3 quarts water], title: Basic Vegetable Stock, picturelink: null}, 6726: {instructions: Place the mint, basil, thyme, edible flowers, orange wheels, and lemon zest intermittently in the compartments of ice trays. Fill compartments with watermelon puree, strawberry puree, fresh lemonade, and iced coffee in any arrangement you like. Garnish the beverage of your liking and enjoy., ingredients: [1 bunch mint, 1 bunch basil, 1 bunch flowering thyme, 1 package edible flowers, 3 orange slices, quartered, Zest of 1 lemon, 8 ounces each, watermelon puree, strawberry puree, fresh lemonade, iced coffee], title: Flavored Ice Cubes, picturelink: null}, 6727: {instructions: In a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil to the pan and heat until the verge of smoking. Then add the onions and reduce the heat to medium, cooking until translucent, 2 to 3 minutes. Once the onions are cooked, add half the prosciutto and garlic, stirring into the onions. Then add the vodka to delgaze the pan and allow the alcohol to cook off.nNext, add the tomato sauce, cream and chicken stock, cooking for 4 to 5 minutes to reduce the liquid by half to yield 1 cup. Next, add the pasta, stirring into the cream sauce and warming the pasta. Finish with the butter, stirring again, and then remove from the heat and portion into bowls. Finish with the cheese, parsley and remaining prosciutto., ingredients: [1 tablespoon grape seed oil, 14 cup julienned red onions, 14 cup thin cut prosciutto, flash fried in 2 portions, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup vodka, 1 cup tomato sauce, 12 cup cream, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 pound penne pasta, cooked, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley], title: Drunken Penne Pasta, picturelink: null}, 6728: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a large nonstick saute pan until hot. While the pan is heating, season the salmon fillets with the salt and white pepper. Pour the oil into the pan and warm oil for 15 seconds. Place the salmon fillets, flesh side down, into the saute pan. Using a low flame, saute the fish for about 2 12 minutes. Place the pan in the oven and roast for 6 to 7 minutes. The salmon should be medium rare. When serving, turn the salmon fillets over to expose the nicely browned side.nPlace spinach mixture in a mold on a plate. Place salmon on the top. Pour the sauce around the fish. Garnish with minced lemongrass and lime leaves.nUsing a low flame, heat a stainless steel saucepan. Warm the oil in the pan for 15 seconds. Add the minced shallots and sweat for 30 seconds. Next, add 2 cups of the white corn kernels. Add the coconut milk, reserved corn cobs, bruised lemon grass stalks, galangal, and 2 bruised or crinkled kaffir lime leaves, and white pepper. Simmer the mixture for about 7 to 10 minutes, not letting it reduce very much.nRemove from the heat and add the nam pla. Let the mixture rest to absorb all the aromatic flavors for 30 minutes. Take the corncobs, lemongrass, galangal, and kaffir lime leaves out of the saucepan and throw them away. Puree the mixture until smooth.nHeat sauce in a stainless pan. Add the remaining corn to the pan.nBring the water to a boil in a large pot. When the water comes to a boil, add salt. In a large bowl add some ice and water to create a water bath.nAdd the spinach to the boiling water and cook for 1 minute. Drain the spinach. Place in the ice bath to cool. Drain spinach and squeeze very dry.nAdd butter to a saute pan and heat. Add shallots and cook for 1 minute. Add mushrooms and saute until the release their liquid, about 5 minutes. Add spinach and saute until heated through. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [Four 6ounce salmon fillets, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, Sauteed Spinach with Shiitakes and Shallots, recipe follows, Sweet Corn Coconut Sauce with Asian Aromatics, recipe follows, 2 lemongrass stalks, white parts only, minced, 2 kaffir lime leaves, veins removed and minced, 1 ounce vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons minced shallots, 2 cups fresh white corn kernels, cobs reserved, plus 1 cup fresh corn kernels, 3 cups unsweetened coconut milk, 2 lemongrass stalks, white parts reserved for presentation, stalks bruised with back of a knife, 1 inch fresh galangal, peeled and sliced into coins, 2 kaffir lime leaves, bruised, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons nam pla fish sauce, 1 gallon water, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 pounds fresh spinach, stems removed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 4 tablespoons minced shallots, 8 ounces shiitakes, stemmed and sliced, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Seared Atlantic Salmon Fillets, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 6729: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a deep, heavybottomed frying pan.nPlace an anchovy between 2 sage leaves, like a sandwich. Repeat until all the anchovies and sage leaves are used up. Then dip the sage sandwiches into egg and then dredge in flour. Shake off any excess flour. Gently place the sage leaves into the hot oil and let fry until golden and crispy. Transfer to a plate with an absorbent paper towel. Sprinkle with salt to taste while the sage leaves are hot. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for deepfrying, 12 anchovy fillets, 24 large fresh sage leaves, 1 egg, beaten, Flour, for dredging, Salt], title: Fried Sage with Anchovies, picturelink: null}, 6730: {instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill for indirect grilling.nCut chicken in half. Remove bones from breasts and legthighs. Rub the chicken with chopped garlic.nIn a skillet over medium heat, cook bacon until almost crisp. Remove and drain on paper towels.nOn the grill, roast the peppers over direct heat until blackened. When cool, remove the skin and seeds and chop coarsely. Wrap the celery in foil, season with salt and pepper and a bit of olive oil. Cook until tender about 15 to 20 minutes, cool and chop.nMix together bacon, beans, thyme, rosemary, peppers, celery and half the bread crumbs. Sprinkle chicken with more crumbs then stuff bacon mixture into chicken. Place chicken in pie pan skin side down. Wrap pan in foil. Dot chicken with butter and place on grill.nCover grill lid and cook about 30 to 40 minutes over indirect heat making sure the skin is crisping. Uncover, top with grated Cheddar and cook until chicken is tender, about 15 to 20 minutes more. Let chicken rest so stuffing will set and chicken will cool enough to cut and pull apart. Top with chopped parsley and serve with sliced baguette.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 3 to 4pound chicken, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 12 pounds bacon, coarsely chopped, 1 red pepper, 1 green pepper, 1 mild hot pepper, 3 stalks celery, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, as needed, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, rinsed and drained, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 cup seasoned bread crumbs, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 pound grated Cheddar, 1 baguette, sliced, for serving, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Giant Grub Chicken, picturelink: null}, 6731: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 24 count regularsize cupcake pan with cupcake liners.nIn a heavyduty mixing bowl, cream together the butter and shortening on medium speed. Add the eggs, 1 at a time until, completely combined. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add the superfine sugar with the mixer set to low speed. Once combined, set the mixer to medium speed and mix for 5 minutes.nSift together the cake flour, almond flour, salt, and baking powder. Begin to add the sifted dry ingredients to the batter, alternating with the warm milk. Fold in the sliced almonds.nFill the cupcake liners twothirds of the way and bake for 16 to 20 minutes. Use a toothpick to poke in the center of the cupcake and if it comes out clean then the cupcakes are done. Remove from the pan and place onto a tray to cool.nOnce the cupcakes are cooled, fill the center of the cupcakes with 1 tablespoon Fig Filling. Using a pastry bag and piping tip, frost the cupcakes with the Maple Buttercream. Pat the sides of the buttercream with the toasted almonds.nPut all the ingredients into a blender and blend for 1 minute. Once blended, move the mixture into a microwavesafe bowl and microwave until thick, about 2 minutes. Mix well after microwaving.nIn a heavyduty mixing bowl, cream the butter until light and fluffy. Add 3 cups powdered sugar and mix on medium speed for 3 minutes. Scrape down the bowl and pour in the nondairy whipping cream. Mix on low speed until completely mixed. Add the remaining 4 cups powdered sugar. Fold in the maple syrup., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, 14 cup shortening, 4 large eggs, 2 cups superfine sugar, 2 34 cups cake flour, 34 cup almond flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 cup warm milk, Fig Filling, recipe follows, Maple Buttercream, recipe follows, 12 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 10 ripened black figs, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup honey, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup unsalted butter, 7 cups powdered sugar, divided, 34 cup nondairy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon maple extract], title: Almond Cake with Fig Filling and Maple Buttercream, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 6732: {instructions: Heat a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to a papertowellined plate. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and dredge in flour, shaking off the excess. Add the olive oil to the drippings in the pot. Add the chicken in batches and cook over mediumhigh heat until golden on the bottom, 6 to 7 minutes, then flip and sear the other side, about 1 minute.nAdd the beer, onions, potatoes, mustard, sugar, thyme and 1 cup water to the pot and stir, making sure the chicken is fully submerged. Simmer until the chicken is cooked through, about 15 minutes. Discard the thyme and stir in the bacon and parsley.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [14 pound slab or thickcut bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 8 skinless, boneless chicken thighs about 2 12 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 12ounce bottle beer preferably brown ale, 1 cup frozen pearl onions, thawed, 12 pound small redskinned new potatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: BeerBraised Chicken, picturelink: jh7M.yPx2E47t2DsHXytRYvEqpJvCyy}, 6733: {instructions: To make the salad: rinse the lettuce in chilled water. Remove from water, wrap in damp paper towels and refrigerate.nMarinate the cucumber, celery, squash, carrots, tomatoes, and onions, separately, with the herb vinaigrette. Cover each, and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nSlice the tortillas into 4inch long, thin, triangular strips.nIn a large pan, add 12inch of oil and heat. When the oil is hot, fry the tortillas until they are crisp. Remove to a paper towellined plate, season, and let cool.nPlace the lettuce in a large bowl. Add the marinated vegetables and toss with some more of the Herbed Vinaigrette. Season with salt and pepper. Top with the crispy tortilla strips.nTo make the dressing: in a small food processor, combine all ingredients and blend for 45 seconds to 1 minute until emulsified., ingredients: [4 cups romaine lettuce leaves, 2 ounces cucumber, peeled, seeded, and cut into long rounds, 4 celery stalks, cut into thirds lengthwise and then crosswise into 2 inch lengths, 8 ounces yellow squash, julienned, 4 whole carrots, scooped into small balls with the small side of the melon baller, 2 tomatoes, chopped, 2 ounces diced red onion, Herb Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 2 large corn tortillas, Vegetable oil, for frying, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons peeled fresh garlic, 8 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 4 tablespoons chopped lemon zest, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs parsley, basil, marjoram, thyme, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Simple Green Salad with Herb Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 6734: {instructions: Fill a Collins glass with ice. Pour in the rum, lime juice and orange liqueur. Top with the passion fruit juice. Garnish with a lime wedge., ingredients: [2 ounces dark rum, 34 ounce fresh lime juice, 14 ounce orange liqueur, such as Mandarine Napoleon, 3 ounces passion fruit juice, Lime wedge for garnish], title: Bermuda Triangle, picturelink: null}, 6735: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a sheet pan with nonstick spray. Line 3 12cup cupcake or muffin pan with paper cupcake liners.nFor the Peanut Brittle:nCombine the sugar, peanuts, and corn syrup in a saucepan. Cook on medium heat until the mixture is golden in color. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Stir in the butter and baking soda. Working quickly, spread the mixture onto the greased sheet pan. Allow the mixture to cool slightly before using a spatula to spread the mixture out even further. Once cooled a little more, stretch the candy out to be thin. Once fully cooled, approximately 30 minutes, break the candy into small pieces. You will not need all this brittle for the cupcakes. The extra can be stored in a plastic storage container for snacking or a second batch of cupcakesnFor the Buttermilk Pound Cake:nIn a large bowl, beat together the sugar and butter until smooth. Add in the eggs, 1 at a time. Scrape down the bowl and mix after each egg addition. In a separate bowl, sift together the cake flour, allpurpose flour, baking powder, salt, and baking soda. In a third bowl, mix together the buttermilk and vanilla extract. Add the dry ingredients and buttermilk mixture to the butteregg mixture, alternating between the dry and wet ingredients. Fold in the chopped peanut brittle.nUsing a mediumsize ice cream scoop, scoop the batter into the prepared cupcake liners Add a layer of mini chocolate shell candies. Bake until the tops of the cupcakes lightly spring back when pressed and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 20 to 22 minutes.nWarm the butterscotch topping, and then add the cream and salt, mixing until smooth. Allow the mixture to cool, and then transfer to a disposable pastry bag fitted with a small tip and use to fill the cupcakes. This is a little sticky and messynIn a food processor, blend the butter, sugar, cocoa, and salt until smooth. Add the corn syrup and vanilla extract. Blend again, making sure to scrape the sides of the food processor. Add the chocolate and pulse until completely combined. It should be smooth and creamy.nPlace the brown sugar, salt, butter, corn syrup, and vanilla extract into a microwavesafe container, and cook on high power for 1 minute. Remove and stir until smooth. Place the container back in the microwave and cook again for another 2 minutes, or until the mixture is bubbling.nRemove the container from the microwave and stir in the baking soda. It will foam up. Spray a large stainless steel bowl with nonstick spray, and place the popcorn in it. Pour the hot mixture from the microwave over the popcorn, and toss until evenly coated. Spread the popcorn over a sheet tray and move it around until it is all separated. Allow the mixture to cool before layering on top of the fudge icing.nIn a bowl, whisk together the egg whites and sugar. Heat them over a bain marie until hot and the sugar is melted. Pour the hot egg whitesugar mixture into the bowl of an electric mixer and whisk on high until the mixture is cooled. Switch to a paddle attachment. With the mixer running on mediumhigh speed, gradually add the softened butter until the frosting is thick, smooth and glossy. Add the vanilla extract, and mix until combined.nFor the assembly:nFill the cooled cupcakes with the butterscotch caramel. Spread the fudge icing on top. Sprinkle the caramel corn over the icing and top with a dollop of the vanilla buttercream. Top the buttercream with a mini chocolate shell candy., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 6 ounces salted roasted peanuts, 1 13 cups, 12 cup light corn syrup, 14 ounce unsalted butter, 12 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 2 14 cups sugar, 9 ounces butter, 5 eggs, 3 egg yolks, 3 cups cake flour, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 1 12 cups peanut brittle, recipe above, chopped into small pieces, 23 cup mini chocolate shell candies, Butterscotch Caramel, recipe follows, Fudge Icing, recipe follows, Caramel Corn, recipe follows, Vanilla Buttercream, recipe follows, 1 cup prepared butterscotch caramel topping recommended: Mrs. Richardsons Butterscotch Caramel Topping, 1 tablespoon heavy whipping cream, Pinch salt, 8 ounces butter, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup corn syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted and cooled, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1ounce unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 4 cups popped unflavored popcorn, 12 cup egg whites, from 3 large eggs, 1 cup sugar, 8 to 10 ounces unsalted butter, softened and cut into small pieces, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Popcorn and Peanut Cupcakes, picturelink: hUCkGepweBzaRDXoyHYAxNRzMPBGPt2}, 6736: {instructions: Combine the milk, vanilla bean and vanilla seeds in a saucepan and bring to a simmer. Remove the vanilla bean. Add the hot milk to the blender and carefully blend until frothy. Add the white chocolate to the blender and blend until the chocolate is melted. Divide between 2 mugs, top with a dollop of whipped cream and sprinkle with cocoa powder., ingredients: [1 12 cups whole or skim milk skim will froth better, 12 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 3 ounces best quality white chocolate, such as Valrhona, Lindt or Callebaut, coarsely chopped, Lightly whipped cream, Cocoa powder], title: Frothy Hot White Chocolate, picturelink: aTR3YPs5B40dDHdBLtWr3NOMXCzIo2e}, 6737: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSoak the radicchio leaves in ice water to crisp up.nCook the rice with the garlic and herb seasoning according to package directions.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the carrots and scallions and saute 2 minutes. Add the pork, cooked rice, and 2 tablespoons soy sauce and cook 2 more minutes to heat through.nSpoon the pork mixture into the radicchio leaves. Serve with additional soy sauce for dipping, if desired., ingredients: [8 radicchio leaves, 1 cup quickcooking rice, 1 teaspoon garlic and herb seasoning, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 14 cup preshredded carrots, 14 cup chopped scallions, 1 pound shredded cooked pork loin, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, plus extra for dipping], title: Radicchio Cups with Pork and Seasoned Rice, picturelink: 5a7otVO7ETD4WOII7UzHfG33tXWuOom}, 6738: {instructions: Heat the oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and salt. Cover the pan and cook until the mushrooms are just tender, about 10 minutes. Drain the mushrooms, reserving the liquid, and set both aside.nRemove the stems, slit the chiles open, and remove the seeds and veins. Cover with hot water and soak for 15 minutes, or until soft. Drain. On a hot comal, toast the chiles, making sure they do not burn.nCrush the clove, peppercorns and cumin seed with a mortar and pestle or in a spice or coffee grinder. In a blender, place the chiles, crushed spices, and garlic. Blend until smooth, adding a little water only if necessary.nIn a large heavy skillet, heat the lard until smoking, then add the chile sauce and fry over a fairly high heat. Scraping the bottom of the pan often so it doesnt stick, cook until reduced, about 5 minutes.nAdd sufficient water to the reserved liquid from the mushrooms to make 34 cup. Add this, the epazote, and mushrooms to the chili sauce, and cook over a medium heat for about 5 minutes.nServe with rice and warm flour tortillas., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound mushrooms, thickly sliced, 1 teaspoon sea salt, or to taste, 3 Guajillo chiles, 3 Pasilla chiles, 2 whole cloves, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 12 tablespoons lard or peanut oil, 1 large sprig epazote cleaned], title: Mushrooms in Chile Sauce, picturelink: null}, 6739: {instructions: In a large stockpot, add beer and enough water or stock to cover the bratwurst, and bring to a boil. Add bratwurst, and boil for 5 to10 minutes, or until fully cooked. Remove the brats from the beer, pat dry, and brown on each side in a grill pan. Be careful not to pierce or cut the bratwurst, or you will lose all of its natural juices.nOver an open flame, roast the pepper, until the skin is completely blackened. Using tongs, remove the pepper from the flame and put it in a covered bowl for 10 minutes to steam. Once the pepper has steamed, rub the charred skin from the pepper. Remove the seeds and the inner membrane, and then chop the pepper coarsely.nIn a blender, pulse the pepper with olive oil until the mixture is pureed and reaches your desired consistency. Season the puree with salt and pepper.nHeat a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle 14 cup of cheese into the pan. Allow the cheese to harden and slightly melt together. Remove from heat. As the Parmesan begins to cool slightly, loosen the edges with a spatula and drape the cheese over a cup so that it will harden into a bowl shape. Allow the Parmesan bowl to cool. Once the cheese has hardened, do not place anything hot in the bowls or they will melt.nIn a large bowl, mix together the vinegar, sugar and olive oil, then add the mixed greens and toss the salad mixture together. Serve the salad inside the individual Parmesan cups.nMelt butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Wash and peel the potatoes, and then slice the potatoes into disks. Layer the potato slices in the pan. Combine herbs. Drizzle 1 tablespoon of butter over the potatoes, sprinkle salt and pepper and add 2 teaspoons of the fresh herbs on top of the first layer. Repeat the layering process, ending with drizzled butter on the top. Cover the potatoes and cook over medium heat for 45 minutes.nInvert a plate over the skillet and turn the pan over to remove the potatoes from the pan. Garnish with the remaining herbs., ingredients: [1 bottle beer recommended: Lakefront Brewery, Water or stock, 6 uncooked bratwurst links, Roasted Red Pepper Puree, recipe follows, Parmesan Cheese Bowls with Mixed Greens, recipe follows, PanRoasted Herbed Layered Potatoes, recipe follows, 1 red pepper, Olive oil, for emulsification, Salt and pepper, 1 cup shredded Parmesan, divided, 1 bag mixed salad greens, 12 cup vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup olive oil, 3 pounds russet potatoes, 3 tablespoons thyme, chopped, 3 tablespoons sage, chopped, 3 tablespoons chives, chopped, 1 stick butter, Salt and pepper], title: BeerBoiled, Grilled Bratwurst with Roasted Red Pepper Puree and Parmesan Cheese Bowls with Mixed Greens and PanRoasted Herbed Layered Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 6740: {instructions: In a large skillet, bring heavy cream to a simmer. Add goat cheese, rosemary and salt and pepper. Reduce by half. Toss with pasta and tomatoes., ingredients: [1 quart heavy cream, 8 ounces goat cheese, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 cups cooked al dente orrechiette pasta, 2 cups diced peeled and seeded tomatoes], title: Mac N Cheese, picturelink: null}, 6741: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sloppy joes: Heat the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the butter foams, add the turkey. Brown and crumble. Season with celery salt and pepper. Add the thyme, chopped celery, chopped carrots and onions. Cook, partially covered, to soften, 12 to 15 minutes. Then deglaze the pan with the beer. Add the hot sauce, vinegar, Worcestershire and tomato sauce. Then simmer to thicken. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat to bubbly hot.nFor the dressing: In a bowl, combine the blue cheese, sour cream, herbs, lemon juice, garlic and some salt and pepper. Whisk in as little or as much of the buttermilk to the dressing for the consistency you like.nServe the sloppy buffalo meat on rolls topped with the pickles, onions and a dollop of dressing. Serve the additional dressing for dipping the carrot and celery sticks alongside., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 2 pounds ground turkey breast, Celery salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 5 to 6 ribs celery, 2 to 3 finely chopped, and a few ribs cut into sticks for plate garnish, 4 to 5 carrots, 2 peeled and finely chopped, and 2 to 3 cut into sticks for plate garnish, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 cup beer or chicken stock, 14 to 12 cup medium to extra spicy hot sauce, such as Franks Red Hot, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, One 14ounce can tomato sauce, 12 soft hamburger rolls, 1 cup blue cheese crumbles, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup chopped fresh herbs, such as dill, chives and parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons lemon juice or cider vinegar, 1 large clove garlic, grated, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 to 12 cup buttermilk, Chopped dill pickles, Chopped raw onion or scallions], title: Buffalo Turkey Sloppy Joes, picturelink: wzSXy2Nntf0NjF9gGDTVFew3CFstqJi}, 6742: {instructions: Preheat indoor or outdoor grill to mediumhigh.nPile asparagus onto a baking sheet and drizzle with some extravirgin olive oil and season with some salt and pepper. Transfer to the grill and cook turning every now and then until the asparagus is well marked and is tender, about 5 minutes, depending on the size of your asparagus.nWhile the asparagus is grilling in a bowl combine the tangerine zest and juice with a little salt, pepper and a small dash of hot sauce. Add the heavy cream and whisk to aerate the cream. Remove the asparagus from the grill, top with sliced onion and basil and serve hot, warm, or at room temperature with the sauce poured over it., ingredients: [2 pounds medium to small size asparagus, tough ends trimmed, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tangerines, zested and juiced, A few small dashes hot sauce, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 red onion, sliced, 12 bunch chopped basil leaves], title: Creamy Tangerine Dressed Grilled Asparagus, picturelink: d2SYwnNXNd..0S0xcPhfJ54bS0lYW}, 6743: {instructions: In skillet over medium heat crumble and cook sausage and onions until brown. Stir in BBQ sauce. Lay 2 of the tortillas on a flat surface. Top each with 14 cup cheese. Divide sausage mixture between the two. Sprinkle each with 14 cup cheese. Top with remaining tortillas. Heat large skillet over medium heat. Add a small amount of oil to coat bottom of skillet. Cook one quesadilla at a time until golden grown on each side, about 23 minutes per side. Cut into wedges and serve with sour cream and salsa., ingredients: [1 lb. Bob Evans Zesty Hot Sausage, 12 cup thinly sliced red onion, 12 cup Bob Evans Wildfire BBQ sauce, 4 10 flour tortillas, 1 cup 4 oz. shredded Monterey Jack Cheese, Sour cream, Salsa], title: BBQ Quesadilla, picturelink: gX7wwYztSMEvw1UA39bk9LMJeYjVdC}, 6744: {instructions: Combine the mashed yuca with the Scotch Bonnet, garlic, salt and pepper and set aside.nLeave the tail on the shrimp, peel and devein. Butterfly cut the shrimp. Take about 34 of a tablespoon of the yuca mash per shrimp and stuff the cavity of the butterfly cut, packing it firmly into place. Repeat with the remaining shrimp.nDust the stuffed shrimp first in the flour, then the egg wash, and then the panko. Repeat with remaining shrimp. Set them all aside on a plate.nHeat a large heavy skillet with peanut oil until very hot 350 degrees. When the oil is hot lay the shrimp in it and cook until golden and cooked through. Remove them to a plate with an absorbent towel.nSpoon a small dollop of the Scotch Bonnet Tartar Salsa to go under each shrimp on the plates. Lift some of the prepared Slaw onto the center of the plates. Spoon or ladle some of the Mo. J. directly onto each shrimp.nPut the egg yolks in an electric blender and beat until pale. Whisk in the vinegar and the pickling juice. Now add the olive and canola oil very slowly until it is all incorporated.nRemove the mixture to a bowl and add the pickled bonnets, sweet butter pickles and red onion. Stir in the hard cooked egg. Season to taste. Reserve covered and refrigerated until desired.nMix the hearts of palm, jicama, bell peppers, chile, onion, and scallion together in a large bowl and set aside. In another bowl mix the olive oil, orange juice, coriander, sugar, black pepper, and salt together. Pour over the slaw and mix well.nNormans Mo. J.: 6 cloves raw, peeled and minced garlic 1 to 2 Scotch Bonnet chilies, stem and seeds discarded, minced 12 teaspoon kosher salt 2 teaspoons, whole and freshly toasted cumin seeds 1 cup pure olive oil 13 cup sour orange juice 2 teaspoons Spanish sherry vinegar Kosher salt and pepper, to tastenMash the raw garlic, chiles, salt and cumin together in a mortar with the pestle until fairly smooth. Scrape this into a bowl and set aside a moment. Now heat the olive oil until fairly hot and pour it over the garlicchile mixture and allow to stand 10 minutes. Now whisk in the sour orange juice and the vinegar. Season with the salt and pepper, to taste and set aside until ready to use.nPickled Scotch Bonnets: 8 ounces whole Scotch Bonnet chiles, stem on and seeds intact 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced 1 tablespoon mustard seeds 1 tablespoon dill seeds 6 small bay leaves 1 cup apple cider vinegar 1 cup champagne vinegar 1 cup waternMake a small, thin slit in each Scotch Bonnet to aid the pickling process. Place the chiles and garlic in a bowl and set aside.nPlace the remaining ingredients in a nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Pour the boiling mixture over the chiles and garlic, and weigh them down with a plate so they are completely submerged. Let cool. Transfer the chiles and the liquid to an airtight jar or container and keep refrigerated for up to a month., ingredients: [1 cup cooked and mashed yuca, 1 Scotch Bonnet, stem and seeds discarded, minced, 2 to 3 cloves or peeled garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly toasted cracked black pepper, to taste, 12 very large, fresh shrimp 16 to 20 count, 1 cup seasoned flour, 1 egg plus 3 tablespoons water, beaten together to make an egg wash, 2 cups panko, Japanese bread crumbs, Peanut oil, for frying, Scotch Bonnet Tartar Salsa, recipe follows, Slaw, recipe follows, Normans Mo. J, recipe follows, 3 egg yolks, 1 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 1 teaspoon pickling juice from the Scotch Bonnets, 12 cup virgin olive oil, 12 cup canola oil, 1 12 tablespoons pickled Scotch Bonnets, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons sweet butter pickles, diced small, 2 tablespoons red onion, peeled and diced small, 1 hard cooked egg yolk, yolk sieved, white chopped small, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste, 1 12 cups fresh hearts of palm, peeled and very thinly sliced, 14 cup jicama, peeled and julienned, 14 red bell pepper, stem and seeds discarded, julienned, 14 yellow bell pepper, stem and seeds discarded, julienned, 1 Scotch Bonnet chile, stem and seeds discarded, minced, 12 small red onion, peeled and julienned, 3 scallions, trimmed and finely chopped, 12 cup virgin olive oil, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 teaspoon, freshly toasted and ground coriander, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt, to taste], title: Yuca Stuffed Crispy Shrimp with Normans Mo J. Scotch Bonnet Tartar Salsa, picturelink: null}, 6745: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Grease a 9 by 5 inch loaf pan set aside. In large bowl, beat eggs with milk and salt until well mixed. Stir in bread crumbs, let stand for 5 minutes to soften.nAdd turkey, onion, parsley and thyme to egg mixture stir until well mixed. Transfer mixture to greased loaf pan. Bake 1 14 hours to 1 12 hours or until juices run clear when pierced in center of loaf.nMeanwhile, prepare potato frosting: in 2 quart saucepan, heat yellow potatoes with enough water to cover to boiling over high heat. Reduce heat to simmer cover and cook potatoes until tenderabout 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, microwave sweet potato on high until fork tender6 to 8 minutes. Cut sweet potato lengthwise and scoop pulp into small bowl, avoiding fibrous layer next to skin set aside to cool slightly. Drain cooked yellow potatoes and return to pan. With potato masher, mash potatoes until smooth. Add milk, 12 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon butter mash until creamy. Separate egg, stirring egg white into mashed potatoes. Add egg white into mashed potatoes. Add egg yolk, remaining 1 tablespoon butter, and 14 teaspoon salt to sweet potato mash until smooth and spoon into small pastry bag fitted with 14 inch wide star tip. Spoon some of mashed yellow potatoes into large pastry bag fitted with 14 inch wide star tip. Set both pastry bags aside.nWhen meat loaf is done, cool 10 minutes. Carefully strain liquid from meat loaf into 2 quart saucepan and reserve to make gravy, if desired. Unmold meat loaf onto a pizza pan or oven safe serving platter.nHeat oven to 450 degrees Fahrenheit. Pipe sweetpotato mixture lengthwise on top of loaf and around base. Pipe yellow potato mixture all over to cover meat loaf. Bake frosted loaf 15 minutes or until potato browns slightly.nMeanwhile, prepare gravy, if desired. If loaf is baked on pizza pan, with 2 broad spatulas, carefully transfer to serving platter. Garnish with thyme sprigs, if desired. Use serrated knife and sawing motion to slice meatloaf.nFor Gravy.nIn saucepan with reserved meatloaf liquid, whisk in 1 14 12 ounce can reduced sodium, nonfat chicken broth, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, and 14 teaspoon ground black pepper. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thickened and bubblyabout 5 minutes. Yield about 2 cups., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 12 cup nonfat milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cup fresh whitebread crumbs 3 to 4 slices of bread, 2 12 pounds ground turkey, 1 mediumsize onion, finely chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 12 pound Yukon Gold or other yellowfleshed potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 12 inch chunks, 1 12 ounce sweet potato, pierced with fork, 12 cup nonfat milk, 2 tablespoon butter, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg], title: Meat Loaf, picturelink: null}, 6746: {instructions: In a saute pan, heat canola oil over a medium high flame. Season the buster crab with salt and pepper. Combine the cornmeal and flour and mix well. Toss the crab into the seasoned flour and cornmeal mixture. Shake off any excess.nPlace the crab into the hot canola oil and cook for about 1 minute on each side, or until golden brown and cooked through.nSeason the tomatoes with salt, pepper, vinegar, chives and extravirgin olive oil. Place the tomatoes over a well toasted brioche crouton and place onto a serving plate. After cooking the buster crab, remove and allow it to drain over some absorbent towels for a moment. Place the crab over the tomatoes and top it with a dollop of aioli, which you in turn cover with a pinch of micro greens or any lettuce sprout.nTo serve:nGarnish the plate with additional chopped chives, chive oil and beet juice, if you please., ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, 1 buster crab, cleaned, Salt and pepper, 14 cup cornmeal, 14 cup seasoned allpurpose flour, 14 cup mixed red, yellow and green grape tomatoes, 1 dash 25 year old balsamic vinegar, 1 pinch minced chives, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 slice brioche, toasted, 2 teaspoons aioli or mayonnaise, 1 pinch micro greens or lettuce sprouts], title: BLT: Buster Crab, Lettuce and Tomato Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 6747: {instructions: Pound the lemongrass stalk with the back of a knife to break the cell walls. Cut the stalk in half or thirds lengthwise to fit comfortably in a small saucepan.nBring a small saucepan with a little over 2 cups water to a simmer, and add the lemongrass. Remove it from the heat and allow it to steep, 10 to 15 minutes. Strain and chill the lemongrass water completely. Discard the lemongrass solids.nIn a blender, combine the coconut water, lychees, lemongrass water and salt and let it go until the concoction is smooth depending on how large your blender is, you might have to do this in batches. Taste for seasoning, chill and serve you can strain it if you dont like pulp., ingredients: [1 stalk lemongrass, brown outer leaves, green tops and root tip removed, 32 ounces coconut water I recommend Zico, 1 8ounce can lychees, drained and lightly rinsed, Pinch kosher or sea salt], title: Thai Agua Fresca: CoconutLycheeLemongrass Cooler, picturelink: l61vIaJbTdrz9ap9ByH.WYB9M0YfPAy}, 6748: {instructions: For the ice cream: Reconstitute several tablespoons of the coffee crystals in very small amount of hot water and allow to cool. Combine the egg yolks and sugar in bowl, and whip until thick and light. Scald milk in saucepan, remove from heat, and gradually beat into egg mixture. Place the custard in top of a large double boiler and heat, stirring, until custard is thickened and smooth.nRemove from heat and blend in vanilla, salt, heavy cream, and reconstituted coffee crystals to desired coffee flavor intensity. Chill the custard for at least 6 hours or overnight, then freeze in ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions. Return to freezer until ready to assemble mud pie.nWhile ice cream is freezing prepare Chocolate Brownie: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a small bowl mix together the flour and baking soda.nIn a small saucepan combine sugar, water, and butter. Bring to a boil and remove from the heat. Stir in the vanilla and half the chocolate morsels and mix well until smooth. Cool mixture to room temperature.nStir the egg into cooled mixture and beat well. Add the flour mixture and stir to blend. Fold in remaining chocolate chips. Pour into a greased, 9inch baking pan, round or square. You may wish to line pan with parchment paper to ease removal, or use a nonstick pan. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool completely.nFor the Whipped Cream: Combine the cream, sugar and vanilla in a chilled bowl and whip to stiff peaks. Refrigerate until ready to use.nCarefully remove entire brownie from pan onto serving plate. Top with an even, thick layer of ice cream. Top with a layer of whipped cream. Can be refrozen at this point and held for up to 1 week. Serve wedges drizzled with chocolate sauce or fudge and a sprinkle of toasted pecans., ingredients: [Decaffeinated coffee crystals, 12 egg yolks, 12 ounces sugar, 2 pints whole milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla, Pinch salt, 1 pint heavy cream, 34 cup flour, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 13 cup butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate morsels, 1 egg, 2 pints heavy cream, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla, Chocolate sauce or hot fudge, as an accompaniment, 12 cup chopped toasted pecans, as an accompaniment], title: Mississippi Mud Pie, picturelink: null}, 6749: {instructions: In a skillet set over moderate heat cook the scallion in the oil, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until softened. Add the mushrooms and salt and pepper to taste and cook them, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the garlic and toss 1 minute. Add the wine and reduce by half. Add the broth and tomato paste and simmer 3 minutes, stirring. Add the cream and simmer until lightly thickened. Stir in the herbs. Serve the saute over baked or grilled polenta or as a sauce for pasta., ingredients: [1 cup minced scallion, including green, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 14 pound each Shiitake, cultivated and Oyster mushrooms, trimmed and sliced, Salt and pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 13 cup dry white wine, 1 cup beef stock or canned broth, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 12 cup heavy cream, if desired, 2 tablespoons minced fresh herbs, such as tarragon, chives, chervil or parsley], title: Three Mushroom Saute, picturelink: null}, 6750: {instructions: Special equipment: A deepfry thermometer and plastic piping bagsnAdd the oil to a deep pot and heat it over mediumhigh heat until it registers 375 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Set up a work surface with 4 or 5 plastic piping bags, scissors, tongs, parchment paper, and a wire rack with parchment paper underneath.nIn a big bowl, whisk the flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, and granulated sugar. Add the eggs and milk and whisk well. Get all the lumps outnFill all the piping bags with batter. Cut the tip off one bag and drizzle the batter straight into the hot oil in a swirly, crazy pattern. Toss the piping bag. When one side is golden brown, about 75 seconds, carefully flip the funnel cake with tongs and fry the other side, another 75 seconds. Fry the rest of the batter.nDrain the funnel cakes on the wire rack. While theyre still warm and shiny, dust them with powdered sugar using a wiremesh strainer. Serve immediately, ingredients: [1 quart vegetable oil, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 extralarge eggs, 2 cups milk or cream, 2 cups powdered sugar], title: Funnel Cakes, picturelink: PiVCAITyHgeS1MTCEQwDHGY1Mb2ezC6}, 6751: {instructions: Heat a cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat with the oil. Add the onions and peppers and cook until the vegetables are softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Next, add the pepper flakes, salt and pepper, to taste, and the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the potatoes and pork and cook for 5 minutes to heat them through. Add the reserved herb butter and cook until the hash is hot and crispy, about another 5 minutes. Serve with poached eggs., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, Reserved potatoes, from Mixed Roasted Potatoes, chopped, Reserved pork, from Roast Bonein Pork Loin, chopped, Reserved herb butter, from Mixed Roasted Potatoes, 4 eggs, poached, for serving], title: Round 2 Recipe  Pork Hash, picturelink: ECtVZAnwK.navVzyuBhvxddPjh7zpqa}, 6752: {instructions: Squeeze the juice from the lemon halves into a large pot of cold water add the squeezed lemon halves and the whole garlic. Cut off the top quarter of each artichoke and discard. Use a small sharp knife to trim the stem of the artichokes. Starting at the base, bend the tough outer leaves back and snap off where they break naturally, leaving the tender inner leaves. Trim the outside of the base until no dark green areas remain. Cut the artichokes in half and then into quarters. Cut out the fibrous choke and small purpletipped leaves. Submerge the artichoke quarters in the lemon water. Cover and boil until the artichokes are tender, about 45 minutes. Drain. Set the artichoke quarters aside to cool to room temperature.nMix together lemon juice, herbs, garlic, lemon peel, capers, bread, and tomatoes in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nArrange artichokes, cut side up, on 2 platters. Spoon the tomato mixture into the center of the artichoke quarters, dividing equally. Drizzle with olive oil. Garnish with the parsley sprigs and serve., ingredients: [2 lemons, halved, 3 whole garlic cloves, smashed, 6 large artichokes, 1 lemon, juiced, 13 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 4 tablespoons drained capers, 6 ounces Italian bread, crust trimmed, bread cut into 12inch cubes, 2 12 pounds plum tomatoes, seeded, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 fresh Italian parsley sprigs, for garnish], title: Stuffed Artichokes, picturelink: cnC1yU09c3Fo.qic9dTuDQrg6ojPl2e}, 6753: {instructions: Bring 1 34 cups water, the quinoa and a pinch of salt to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce the heat to medium low cover and cook until the quinoa is tender and the liquid is absorbed, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and fluff with a fork let cool slightly.nMeanwhile, toss the chickpeas, cucumber, tomatoes, red onion, vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil and the oregano in a large bowl season with salt and pepper and let sit 10 minutes.nPulse the feta, 2 tablespoons water and the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a mini food processor until smooth, adding up to 1 tablespoon water, if needed season with salt and pepper.nDivide the lettuce among bowls top with the warm quinoa, the chickpea mixture and olives. Drizzle with the feta dressing and sprinkle with oregano.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 14 cups quinoa, rinsed, Kosher salt, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 12 seedless cucumber, chopped, 3 large plum or 5 Campari tomatoes, chopped, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, plus more for topping, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese about 2 ounces, 1 small head romaine lettuce, chopped, 14 cup halved pitted kalamata olives], title: Greek Quinoa Salad, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 6754: {instructions: Cut each pork chop into three strips. To wrap the wings, start by overlapping the bacon on one end of a pork strip, then wrapping it up and around in a candycane fashion. Secure the bacon at the top with a toothpick. If you need to use a toothpick at both ends, go ahead. Season the baconwrapped wings liberally with the rub. Prepare your cooker to cook indirectly at 235 degrees F using medium pecan wood for smoke flavor. Place the wings directly on the cooking grid and cook for 90 minutes, or until the bacon is cooked. You may want to finish these on a hot grill or under the broiler to crisp the bacon. Serve hot with barbecue sauce for dipping.nBarbecue Rub  67: After a lot of years of making barbecue rubs, Ive used up all the good names, so sometimes I just use numbers now. Numbers 67 and 68 are a little tip of the hat to the band named after my hometown, Chicago. This one is a great allaround rub for the new barbecue cook because its good on just about everything. Combine all the ingredients in a medium bowl and mix well. The rub may be stored in an airtight container in a cool place for up to 6 months., ingredients: [Four 1inchthick boneless pork chops, 12 slices bacon do not use thick sliced, Barbecue Rub 67, recipe follows, Barbecue sauce, for dipping, 12 cup Sugar in the Raw, 12 cup kosher salt, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 3 tablespoons paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon lemon pepper, 12 teaspoon ground coffee, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: BaconWrapped Pig Wings, picturelink: null}, 6755: {instructions: HEAT oil in a skillet over low heat add garlic and onion. Cook until soft. Set aside.nCOOK pasta according to package directions drain well. Put pasta back in the pot it was cooked in. Add garlic and onion mixture mix well. Add lemon juice, green onions, parsley and salmon mix well again.nSEASON with salt and pepper to taste. Garnish with Italian parsley and lemon slices, if desired., ingredients: [12 cup Criscou00ae Pure Canola Oil or 12 cup Criscou00ae Puritan Canola Oil with Omega3 DHA, 4 to 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup chopped onion, 1 lb. bow tie pasta, uncooked, 3 tbsps. fresh lemon juice, 12 cup chopped green onions, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley plus more for garnish, 12 lb. sliced smoked salmon, Salt and pepper, Thin lemon slices for garnish], title: Bow Tie Pasta with Smoked Salmon Lemon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 6756: {instructions: Mole: Put the almonds in a medium saucepan over medium heat and cook until lightly golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Remove the almonds to a plate. Increase the heat to high, add the oil and heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the onions and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Stir in the tomatoes, chicken stock, chipotle and chili powders, bring to a boil and cook for 10 minutes.nAdd the mango, raisins, tortillas and almonds and cook, stirring occasionally, until mangoes are soft and the mixture is reduced by half, about 30 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes before adding it to a blender.nCarefully transfer the mixture to a blender and blend until smooth. Return the mixture to the saucepan over high heat, add the honey, maple syrup, molasses, cinnamon, clove, allspice and chocolate. Cook until reduced to a sauce consistency, about 10 minutes and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nOnions: Combine lime juice, vinegar, sugar, salt and chile in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Cook the mixture until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and let cool for 5 minutes.nPut the onion slices in a small bowl. Pour the warm vinegar mixture over and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 48 hours, stirring the mixture a few times.nPreheat a grill or griddle to medium.nHot dogs: Cook the hot dogs on grill or griddle until golden brown and the skin is crisp. Put in the buns and top each with some of the mole sauce, cheese, avocado and pickled red onions., ingredients: [14 cup slivered raw almonds, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small Spanish onion, coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 cup pureed plum tomatoes, 3 cups chicken stock, plus more if needed, Scant 14 cup pureed chipotle in adobo, 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 1 tablespoon New Mexico chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground chile de arbol, 14 cup chopped fresh mango, 14 cup golden raisins, 14 cup crushed blue corn tortilla chips, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup, 3 tablespoons molasses, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 ounce semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup fresh lime juice, 34 cup distilled white vinegar, 3 tablespoons super fine sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 serrano chile, slit down center, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 large red onion, peeled, halved, cut into 18inchthick slices, 8 kosher hot dogs, grilled or griddled, Soft hot dog buns, 12 cup 2ounces crumbled queso fresco cheese, 1 cup grated Manchego cheese, 1 ripe Hass avocado, peeled, pitted and cut into small dice], title: Oaxaca Dog, picturelink: null}, 6757: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or nonstick aluminum foil and spray with cooking spray.nSeason each chicken breast with salt and pepper, then coat each breast with cooking spray. In a shallow bowl, mix the breadcrumbs and Parmesan. Press the chicken breasts into the mixture 1 at a time to coat on all sides, shaking off the excess. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Bake, flipping halfway through, until the juices run clear, 20 to 25 minutes.nRemove the chicken from the oven and turn on the broiler. Spoon the pizza sauce evenly over the top of each chicken breast and top with a slice of mozzarella. Place under the broiler and watch for the cheese to melt and bubble. Serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray olive oil or butter, for coating the baking sheet and chicken, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, gently pounded to an even thickness, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups seasoned Italian breadcrumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 cup prepared pizza sauce not tomato sauce, Four 14inchthick slices fresh mozzarella], title: Sunnys Easy Chicken Parmesan, picturelink: NyNRnkj1cpfgPL.QDFAR0fFFr6KxMe}, 6758: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 325 degrees F. Whisk together the butter, brown sugar, maple syrup, vanilla, cinnamon and salt in a large bowl. Add the oats, carrots and walnuts, and toss until evenly coated. Spread out on a rimmed baking sheet.nBake the oat mixture until golden and toasted, 30 to 35 minutes, stirring about halfway through. Let cool completely on the baking sheet. Stir in the raisins and dried pineapple. The granola can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 5 days., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 34 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 2 large carrots, shredded and squeezed dry, 1 cup walnuts, chopped, 12 cup yogurtcovered raisins, 13 cup chopped dried pineapple], title: Carrot Cake Granola, picturelink: z.aEiXVW2ixP4R4Jpsnj7AERBS7ZTa}, 6759: {instructions: Add all of the ingredients to a clear pitcher and fill with ice water. Best served slightly chilled or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 orange, sliced, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 lime, sliced, 12 grapefruit, pink or white, sliced, 1 cup fresh mint leaves], title: Spa Water, picturelink: null}, 6760: {instructions: Scoop the ice cream into the sundae glass then crumble the cookie over the top. Pour the caramel sauce over the sundae and top with sprinkles., ingredients: [3 scoops ice cream, different flavors, 1 cookie, A drizzle of warm caramel sauce, 1 teaspoon sprinkles], title: Ice Cream Sundae, picturelink: null}, 6761: {instructions: Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and cook until tender, about 1 minute. Add the heavy cream and simmer until reduced by half. Whisk in the gorgonzola until it melts. Season with salt and pepper and keep warm.nHeat a grill pan over medium heat. Brush the steak lightly with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season liberally with salt and pepper. Grill the steak, 4 to 5 minutes per side for mediumrare, turning once. Remove from the heat and cover with foil. Let the steak rest for 5 minutes before slicing.nMeanwhile, combine the sugar, paprika and onion powder in a small bowl. Reserve 4 teaspoons and store the rest in an airtight container. Seasoning will keep in the pantry for up to 6 months. Mix the stick of softened butter with 3 teaspoons of the seasoning in a small bowl cover and refrigerate.nToss the asparagus with the remaining 1 teaspoon barbecue seasoning mix and 1 tablespoon olive oil add salt and pepper to taste. Cook the asparagus in a grill pan over medium heat until tender, turning once, about 6 minutes total. Reserve 4 stalks for another use.nReserve a quarter of the steak for another use cut the rest into 18inchthick slices. Top with the gorgonzola cream sauce, reserving about 12 cup for another use, and serve with the asparagus and some barbecue butter.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [1 tablespoon salted butter, plus 1 stick slightly softened, 1 shallot, minced, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 pound gorgonzola cheese, crumbled, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds flank steak, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup paprika, 14 teaspoon onion powder, 2 pounds large asparagus, trimmed], title: Grilled Flank Steak with Gorgonzola Cream Sauce and Asparagus, picturelink: ZSDYfLJLBTwyScuCqp4xTOnVek6ki}, 6762: {instructions: Begin by cooking the meat on a griddle or in a large skillet until browned. Season with salt and pepper.nSaute the onions in the same skillet until caramelized and browned, about 10 minutes.nHeat the cheese whiz in the microwave.nTo serve, slice the rolls, place the meat in the roll, top with the caramelized onions, and spread the cheese whiz on top.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [16 ounces Grade A top round, sliced very thinly, Salt and pepper, 2 Maui onions or any sweet onion, 1 6ounce jar Cheese Whiz, 4 hero rolls], title: Philly Cheese Steak with Maui Onion and Cheese Whiz, picturelink: 8CfEw.dqOpkubjTV7snK7zYljr7eR36}, 6763: {instructions: Soak the whole duck in the large pot of boiling water. Remove it as soon as the skin changes color.nSprinkle the inside of the duck with sugar, salt, and fivespice powder. Rub the skin of the duck with molasses. Truss the duck with string and hang in an airing place for 2 hours, or put the duck in the refrigerator overnight without any cover. This will dry the skin of the duck so that it will be crispy.nPreheat rotisserie oven to 375 degrees and bake for 45 minutes or until the skin is reddish brown.nBefore serving, pour hot oil over the skin to increase the crispiness. Carve the skin and meat from the duck, and serve., ingredients: [1 large pot 34 full with water, boiling, 1 whole duck, head on, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup salt, 1 teaspoon fivespice powder, 1 cup molasses, 2 cups oil, hot], title: PEKING DUCK, picturelink: null}, 6764: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil for riggies. Salt water and cook pasta to al dente. Heads up: you will need to reserve cup of cooking water just before you drain the pasta.nTrim up the thighs and chop all the chicken into bite size pieces. Season the chicken with salt and pepper.nHeat 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a large high sided skillet over mediumhigh to high heat.nAdd chicken to hot pan and brown all over, 7 to 8 minutes then remove. Add onions, 3 to 4 cloves of garlic, cubanelle peppers then season with salt and pepper and cook 6 to 7 minutes to soften then add roasted red peppers. Cut tops off the hot peppers and scoop out the seeds with a teaspoon then chop the hot peppers and add them to the skillet. Stir in tomatoes and add chicken back to the sauce. Bring sauce to a bubble then stir in some starchy cooking water from the pasta  about a cup, then add the cream, twice around the pan, about 13 to 12 cup. Reduce heat to lowest setting and simmer a couple of minutes. Add pasta and 12 cup cheese and toss to combine.nWhile the chicken and peppers are cooking, heat 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add chopped ham and cook 2 minutes, add reserved pasta water and garlic and reduce heat a bit. Add greens and wilt down, 2 minutes. Season the greens with salt and pepper, add stock. Simmer greens 5 to 6 minutes and serve.nTop the pasta with shredded basil. Pass cheese to top both pasta and greens and serve with crusty bread., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound rigatoni, 34 pound chicken tenders, 1 package, 34 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 1 package, Black pepper, 6 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, divided, 1 large onion, chopped, 7 to 8 garlic clove, grated or finely chopped, divided, 2 large or 3 small cubanelle peppers, seeded, chopped, 3 roasted red peppers, chopped, 6 hot cherry peppers pickled in jar, in Italian section of grocery stores, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 13 to 12 cup cream, eyeball it, 12 cup grated Romano or Parmigiano Reggiano, plus more to pass at table, 13 pound thick cut capocolo hot ham, chopped, 2 heads escarole, coarsely chopped, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup basil, about 10 leaves, thinly sliced, 4 pieces crusty bread], title: Chicken Riggies and Scarole with Soul, picturelink: QJcUhO7T2GjMhVG2K1SfiRLXZg5cpTG}, 6765: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nBrush the pork tenderloins with a little olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until wellmarked on all sides, about 8 minutes total.nMeanwhile, lightly dress the scallions with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until charred and wilted, flipping as needed. Chop the scallions really well and add to a bowl with the remaining olive oil. Fold in the sherry vinegar, chives, parsley, shallots and garlic. Set aside.nTransfer the pork to a baking sheet and brush with the mustard. Roast until the internal temperature reaches 140 degrees F for medium to carry over to 145 degrees F, about 20 minutes. Allow the pork to rest for 10 minutes before slicing.nServe the chimichurri on the side or on top of the sliced pork, ingredients: [2 pork tenderloins, cleaned of any silver skin or sinew, 12 cup olive oil, plus more for brushing on pork, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 bunches scallions, 14 to 12 cup sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons finely minced chives, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons finely minced shallots, 1 teaspoon finely minced garlic, 14 cup wholegrain mustard], title: Roast Pork Tenderloin with Charred Chimichurri, picturelink: null}, 6766: {instructions: Thoroughly mix all ingredients together and refrigerate overnight. Serve with rye or pumpernickel cocktail bread or crackers., ingredients: [16 ounces sour cream, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 12 teaspoon dill weed, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon caraway seed, 1 cup well drained sauerkraut, 1 cup corned beef chopped finely or dried chipped beef], title: Sauerkraut Corned Beef Dip, picturelink: null}, 6767: {instructions: Slightly bruise the coriander.nIn a pitcher, combine the coriander with a very chilled bottle of spumante, and add the freshly squeezed lime juice. Stir well., ingredients: [Bunch of fresh coriander or cilantro, tied, 1 750ml bottle of Asti spumante, chilled recommended: Martini and Rossis Asti Spumanti, Juice of 1 lime], title: Coriander Spumante with Lime, picturelink: null}, 6768: {instructions: In a large, chilled stainless steel bowl, mix all ingredients well, making sure not to mash the lobster. Season well with salt and pepper. Line each hot dog bun with a slice of lettuce and fill evenly with the lobster salad., ingredients: [1 pound cooked and chilled Maine lobster meat, cut into large dice, 1 mango, pitted and diced, 1 small Thai chili, diced, 14 cup freshly chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon finely chopped tarragon leaves, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 shallot, diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 hot dog buns, 4 leaves flat green lettuce], title: Cape Cod Lobster Roll, picturelink: null}, 6769: {instructions: Cook pasta according to package directions and add frozen peas for the last 15 seconds of cooking drain and set aside to cool slightly.nCombine pasta and peas in a large bowl with tuna, celery and balsamic vinaigrette. Season with 14 teaspoon kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste mix well to combine. Serve slightly chilled or at room temperature. Enjoy this salad as is or pile it over mixed greens., ingredients: [8 ounces dry wholegrain elbow pasta Barilla Plus recommended, 1 cup frozen green peas, 5 ounces canned tuna, packed in water, 12 cup chopped celery, 14 cup balsamic vinaigrette], title: Tuna Pasta Salad, picturelink: gyzhitWoxpmX6jBS6gg.tgx2n67xPo2}, 6770: {instructions: Mix together the yogurt and vanilla in a medium bowl until combined. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.nPut the berries in a small saucepan, add 14 cup water, and simmer until just softened, about 5 minutes. Add granulated sugar to taste and stir in the lemon juice. Let cool slightly.nDivide the fruit among four 8ounce ramekins and top with the granola. Fill the ramekins to the top with the yogurt discard the vanilla bean if using. Cover and put in the freezer for 5 minutes.nSprinkle 2 teaspoons of turbinado sugar over each ramekin. Caramelize the sugar with a blowtorch by slowly sweeping the flame back and forth. Let the sugar harden, about 2 minutes, before serving., ingredients: [16 ounces plain 2 Greek yogurt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract or 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, seeds scraped, 1 pint fresh blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, or strawberries or a combination, Granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 12 cup granola, 8 teaspoons turbinado sugar], title: Yogurt Creme Brulee with Fresh Fruit and Granola, picturelink: gXCQvPUhb6v0gvxe9VyoecGVBOL3tKe}, 6771: {instructions: Put meat in freezer for 30 minutes for easier slicing. Slice meat into thin strips about 2 inches long. Sprinkle with pepper. Heat oil a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat, swirling to coat bottom. Saute mushrooms until tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Saute onion in same skillet until brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Add to mushrooms. Add meat to skillet and brown quickly on all side rare, 2 to 3 minutes for tenderloin, 3 to 5 minutes for round steak or sirloin. Add to mushrooms. Add flour to skillet. Gradually pour in broth, whisking constantly. Cook over mediumhigh heat for 2 to 3 minutes, or until thickened, whisking constantly. Reduce heat to low. Whisk in remaining ingredients except sour cream. Stir in mushrooms, onions, and meat. Cook for 15 minutes. Pour sour cream in a small amount of meat mixture. Add sour cream mixture to skillet and cook for 5 minutes, or until heated through, stirring occasionally., ingredients: [14 pound boneless round steak, all visible fat removed, 12 teaspoon pepper, or to taste, 2 teaspoon acceptable vegetable oil, 3 cups fresh mushrooms, sliced, 1 medium onion, sliced, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 cups Beef Broth, 3 tablespoons nosalt added tomato paste, 3 tablespoons dry sherry, 2 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 12 teaspoon dried dillweed, crumbled, 12 cup nonfat or light sour cream], title: Beef Stroganoff, picturelink: null}, 6772: {instructions: Begin by muddling together light rum, mint, lime, and fresh lime juice. Cover with ice and shake well and serve in a highball glass topped with 7Up. Garnish with a mint sprig., ingredients: [1 12 ounces light rum, 4 to 5 mint sprigs, 1 lime wedge, 12 ounce fresh lime juice, 7up], title: Mojito, picturelink: null}, 6773: {instructions: In a saute pan, heat oil over medium heat. Add shallots and saute for 3 to 4 minutes until soft. Add red wine, paprika, and Creole seasoning. Cook a few minutes until wine has evaporated. Add the clam juice and 14 cup chicken stock, blackeyed peas and bay leaves. Bring to a boil and simmer. In a food processor, blend roasted peppers and remaining 14 cup chicken stock. Add the peppers cook 5 minutes longer stirring occasionally. Remove bay leaves, adjust seasoning to taste. Garnish with chopped parsley. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup shallots approximately 4 shallots, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons red wine, 34 teaspoon Hungarian hot paprika, 34 teaspoon Creole seasoning, 2 tablespoons clam juice, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 15ounce can blackeyed peas, rinsed and drained, 2 bay leaves, 2 large red bell peppers, roasted, skin removed, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Red Pepper BlackEyed Pea Gravy, picturelink: null}, 6774: {instructions: Bring a large pot of cold water to a boil over high heat, then salt it generously, add the pasta, and cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente. Drain.nMeanwhile, strip the leaves from the oregano and thyme sprigs. Chop them together with the garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, and the pepper, and then use the flat side of the knife to mash and smear the mixture to a coarse paste. Put in a bowl, along with the cheese, olive oil and toss to coat the cheese with the herb paste.nCut the tomatoes into pieces about the same size as the cheese. Gently fold the tomatoes, parsley, and olives in with the cheese. Add the drained pasta and toss, then drizzle over a bit of olive oil and toss again. Serve now or room temperature., ingredients: [12 ounces penne rigate or other small tube pasta, like ziti, or short fusilli corkscrews, 4 sprigs fresh oregano, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus as needed, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound baby mozzarella boconccini, drained, 2 tablespoons fruity extravirgin olive oil, plus for drizzling, 3 large ripe tomatoes about 1 12 pounds, 12 cup flatleaf parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives], title: Penne with Baby Mozzarella, Tomatoes, and Herbs, picturelink: so2v82lLlM8keVzICBgtEGoeobh8JB.}, 6775: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nAdd 1 tablespoon of the coconut oil to a 6inch castiron skillet. Put the skillet in the oven and allow to heat until very hot, 6 to 8 minutes.nCombine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder and salt in a large bowl with a whisk. In a different bowl, combine the almond milk, applesauce, sorghum, egg and the remaining 2 tablespoons coconut oil. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and pour in the wet. Fold to combine.nCarefully remove the hot castiron skillet from the oven and pour in the batter. Return the skillet to the oven and bake until golden with a crisp crust, 25 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons melted coconut oil, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon Kosher salt, 1 cup almond milk or regular milk, at room temperature, 14 cup applesauce, at room temperature, 14 cup sorghum see Cooks Note, 1 large egg, at room temperature], title: CastIron Skillet Cornbread, picturelink: SSm5qLg.Mjmr9IJqqsG7p9Kqbr4ady}, 6776: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a large skillet and place over medium heat. Saute onions and garlic for 3 minutes until soft. Add the spinach, season with salt and pepper, and continue to saute until the spinach is limp, about 2 minutes. Add lemon juice, remove from heat and place in a colander, and squeeze out excess liquid. Set aside to cool. The filling needs to be cool and dry to prevent the phyllo from becoming soggy. In a medium bowl, beat the eggs with feta, coriander, and nutmeg. Season, then fold in the cooled spinach mixture until well blended.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F, brush 2 baking sheets with some melted butter. Unroll the phyllo dough and lay a sheet flat on a work surface. Take care to keep the phyllo covered with a damp, not wet, towel as you work to prevent drying out and becoming brittle. Brush the sheet with melted butter, then sprinkle evenly with some oregano and chives. Repeat with 2 more sheets of phyllo, stacking on top of each other. With a sharp knife or pizza cutter, cut the sheets lengthwise into thirds to form 2 12inch strips. Do this with all the sheets of dough.nPlace a heaping teaspoon of filling near 1 corner of the layered phyllo strip. Fold the end at an angle over the filling to form a triangle. Continue to fold the triangle along the strip until you reach the end, like folding up a flag. Brush the top with butter and dust with Parmesan, place on prepared baking sheet, and cover while preparing the remaining pastries. Repeat until all the filling and phyllo strips are used up. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes until the triangles are crisp and golden. Serve hot, warm or cold., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 12 cup chopped green onions, white and green parts, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 pounds fresh baby spinach, trimmed, washed and roughly chopped, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 12 ounces crumbled feta, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, toasted and ground, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 pound unsalted butter, melted, 1 pound phyllo pastry sheets, 14 cup finely chopped oregano, 14 cup finely chopped chives, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Spanakopita, picturelink: null}, 6777: {instructions: Special equipment: Cheesecloth, kitchen twinenMake a bouquet garni by placing the 3 sprigs thyme, parsley, garlic cloves, and peppercorns in cheesecloth and tying with kitchen twine. Add wine, water, and bouquet garni to a large saucepan and bring to a simmer. Add the clams, cover with a lid, and cook until clams open. Strain the clams into a bowl, reserving both the juice and clams.nReturn the pan to the heat, add olive oil, and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add bacon and cook until crispy. Add onion and cook for 1 minute. Add garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add celery and carrot and cook until tender. Sprinkle flour into pan, stir to make a roux, and cook until flour is incorporated do not let roux brown. Add more oil if mixture seems dry.nAdd 1 more fresh thyme sprig, and return the strained clam cooking liquid to the pan and bring to a simmer for 30 minutes, or until vegetables are tender. Add potato, milk, lemon juice, and cayenne and simmer until potato is tender. Meanwhile, remove clams from their shells and roughly chop clams. When potato is tender, add clams back into the pan, add cream, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir to combine, and as soon as clams are heated through, remove from the heat.nLadle soup into serving bowls. Garnish each with croutons and a sprig of fresh thyme. Serve immediately.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace bread cubes in a large bowl. Drizzle with garlic and chili oil and sprinkle with parsley. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss well. Pour onto a sheet pan in 1 even layer and bake until crispy and golden brown, about 10 minutes. Serve on top of chowder.nIn a small saucepan, combine the garlic cloves and olive oil and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat and simmer until the garlic begins to turn brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Do not let the garlic get too brown or the oil will have a bitter taste.nRemove from the heat and cool to room temperature. Add the red pepper flakes and infuse for at least 2 hours to allow the flavors to blend. Refrigerate in a covered container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [3 sprigs fresh thyme, plus 1 more sprig, 3 sprigs fresh parsley, 2 garlic cloves, 15 to 20 whole black peppercorns, 2 cups white wine, 1 cup water, 1 12 pounds littleneck clams, cleaned, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more as needed, 2 ounces smoked bacon, chopped, 1 small onion or 12 large onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 inner stalks celery, diced, 1 small carrot, diced, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 russet potato, peeled and diced, 1 cup milk, 1 lemon, juiced, Pinch cayenne, 13 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Croutons, recipe follows, for garnish, Fresh thyme sprigs, for garnish, optional, 1 loaf sourdough bread, crusts removed, cubed, Garlic and Chili Oil, recipe follows, 14 cup minced fresh parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 whole head garlic about 2 12 ounces, cloves separated and peeled, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes], title: Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 6778: {instructions: Special equipment: Four 8inch disposable foil pie pans and heavy duty foilnPrepare a grill for medium heat.nPut the chicken, beans, rice, salsa, pickled jalapenos, tomato paste, chili powder, turmeric and 34 teaspoon salt in a large bowl and toss to combine. Divide the chickenrice mixture evenly among the pie pans, spreading it out in an even layer. Pour 12 cup of chicken broth into each pie pan.nCover each pan tightly with foil. Put the pans on the grill, close the grill lid and cook for 20 minutes. Remove from the grill and let rest for a few minutes.nCarefully remove the foil from each pan hot steam will escape. The liquid should be absorbed, the rice tender and the chicken cooked through. Sprinkle each with some scallions., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 12inch chunks, One 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup converted rice, 1 cup salsa, 2 tablespoons pickled jalapeno slices, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon turmeric, Kosher salt, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Healthy Grilled ChickenandRice Foil Packs, picturelink: Ml8FRHseHjEqI0osDnEfGGBpyYSt1Cu}, 6779: {instructions: In a very large soup pot, combine the chicken stock and the chicken breast and bring to a gentle simmer over medium heat. Skim off the foam that rises to the surface during the first minute or two after it begins to simmer. Add the herbs, cover and simmer for 9 minutes. Remove from the heat and let the chicken cool in the broth. Remove the skin and bones from the breast, shred the meat and set it aside. Strain the broth into a large bowl, skim the fat from the surface, and clean the pot. Place the dry soup pot over medium heat and add the lard. Saute the onion and carrot, stirring occasionally, for about 7 minutes, or until just beginning to turn golden. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more, until its aroma is released. Stir in the chicken broth, ham, garbanzos, and epazote. Partially cover the pan and regulate the heat so the soup is simmering, for 30 minutes. Add about 12 teaspoon of salt, tasting to see if more or less is needed depending on the saltiness of the broth. Remove the herb sprigs. Add the chile and shredded chicken to the simmering broth and cook until heated through, about 2 minutes. Ladle the soup into warm bowls and garnish each bowl with diced avocado and a wedge of lime., ingredients: [2 quarts chicken broth, preferably homemade, 1 large chicken breast about 1 14 pounds, 1 sprig each fresh thyme and fresh oregano, 1 tablespoons lard or vegetable oil, 1 yellow onion, diced, 1 large carrot, peeled and diced, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 ounces cooked ham, cut into 14 inch dice, 1 15ounce can garbanzo beans chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 1 sprig epazote, 12 teaspoon salt, 5 canned chipotle chiles, stemmed and thinly sliced, 1 large ripe avocado, peeled, stoned, and diced, 1 large lime, cut into 6 wedges], title: Clad Tlapeno, picturelink: null}, 6780: {instructions: Place an apple wedge in mug. Add apple brandy. Pour in ice cold lager style beer. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 shot apple brandy, 1 12ounce bottle lager style beer, ice cold, 1 apple wedge], title: Apple Lager, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 6781: {instructions: Place cheese, tomatoes, and jalapenos and their liquid in small heavy saucepan. Set over low heat and cook, stirring often, about 15 minutes until cheese melts and mixture is smooth, or microwave 5 minutes on HIGH in covered, microwavesafe casserole, stirring once at halftime. Serve warm with corn chips or bitesize broccoli or cauliflower florets, celery, carrot, or zucchini sticks., ingredients: [1 1pound package pasteurized process cheese spread, cubed 1 12 packages for a thicker dip, 1 10ounce can diced tomatoes and green chilies, with liquid], title: The Famous Texas Cheese Dip, picturelink: null}, 6782: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium microwavesafe bowl, combine the chocolate syrup and peanut butter. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave on HIGH for 30 seconds, until warm. Stir in the marshmallows and raisins.nSpoon the frozen yogurt into individual dessert bowls, then spoon the rocky road sauce over the top and serve., ingredients: [12 cup chocolate syrup or chocolate fudge sauce, 14 cup chunky peanut butter, 14 cup mini marshmallows, 14 cup yogurtcovered raisins, 2 cups chocolate frozen yogurt or chocolate ice cream], title: Chocolate Frozen Yogurt with Chunky Rocky Road Sauce, picturelink: SiSgSk8JV0moVG4BzL58SrZjqKb5Ome}, 6783: {instructions: Put the ricotta in a cheeseclothlined sieve set over a bowl let drain in the refrigerator overnight.nPreheat a large skillet over medium heat. Add the olive oil, diced fennel, onion and garlic. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook until the vegetables are soft, about 10 minutes let cool completely.nMeanwhile, put the bread in a bowl, add the milk and soak about 5 minutes. Mix the beef, veal and pork in a large bowl. Add the onion mixture, egg, lemon zest, red pepper flakes, fennel seeds, pecorino, parmesan and parsley. Drain the bread, add it to the meat mixture and mix until combined. Season with salt and pepper.nMix the ricotta and salt to taste in a bowl transfer to a pastry bag with a round tip. Form the meat mixture into 24 meatballs slightly larger than golf balls. Make a 1inch indentation in each meatball with your thumb, then pipe in about 1 teaspoon ricotta and form the meat around it to cover the cheese.nHeat the canola oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the meatballs and cook until golden brown on all sides, about 7 minutes set aside. Warm the tomato sauce in a large saucepan over medium heat. Put the meatballs in the tomato sauce and simmer until cooked through, about 15 minutes.nDivide the meatballs and sauce among bowls serve over bucatini, if desired. Drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with a pinch each of red pepper flakes and fennel pollen, if desired.nPhotograph by Joseph DeLeo, ingredients: [12 pound fresh ricotta cheese, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 bulb fennel, finely diced, 1 small onion, finely diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 slices white bread, torn into small pieces, 1 cup milk, 12 pound ground beef, 12 pound ground veal, 12 pound ground pork, 1 large egg, Zest of 1 lemon, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, plus more for topping, 1 12 tablespoons fennel seeds, toasted and ground, 12 cup grated pecorino romano cheese, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, 1 bunch parsley, leaves finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 34 cup canola oil, 8 cups tomato sauce, Cooked bucatini or spaghetti, for serving optional, Fennel pollen, for topping optional], title: RicottaFilled Meatballs With Fennel and Chili, picturelink: dP6biYwaycJNvPiwoP3GAzgrTGVtjC}, 6784: {instructions: In a large skillet heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the garlic and bread cubes, tossing well to coat with oil. Toast in the skillet for 7 minutes until golden.nTear the romaine hearts into bite size pieces. Toss with the Caesar Dressing making sure to coat all the leaves generously. Garnish with shaved Parmesan and the garlic croutons.nIn a medium bowl mix together the anchovy fillets, capers, mustard, egg yolk, and garlic. While whisking vigorously add the vegetable oil in a slow, steady stream. Whisk in the red wine vinegar and lemon juice. Stir in the heavy cream and season, to taste, with the salt.nWill keep for several days stored in the refrigerator in an airtight container., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 cup bread, cut in 12inch cubes, 3 hearts romaine lettuce, 12 cup Caesar Dressing, recipe follows, 12 cup shaved Parmesan, 3 anchovy fillets, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped capers, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt], title: Caesar Salad, picturelink: 4HBAszCwovSwYkmYMTBbgOWMhnqU6te}, 6785: {instructions: Make Cornbread Stuffing, cooking 1 cup corn, 2 cups cubed winter squash and 3 cups chopped roasted poblanos with the onions. Toss in 12 cup toasted pumpkin seeds with the bread.nCornbread Stuffing: Melt 1 stick butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add 2 cups each diced onion and celery and 1 tablespoon each minced sage and thyme add salt and pepper and cook 5 minutes. Add 3 cups chicken or turkey broth and bring to a simmer. Beat 2 eggs with 14 cup chopped parsley in a large bowl add 6 cups cubed stale cornbread and 8 cups white bread, then pour in the vegetablebroth mixture and toss. Transfer to a buttered baking dish and dot with butter. Cover and bake at 375 degrees F, 30 minutes uncover and bake until golden, about 30 more minutes.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Southwestern Stuffing, picturelink: lG9LEktczjXF6Bofu0a1Dj3BNt0XMKm}, 6786: {instructions: Place rabbit in bowl with enough water to cover. Add vinegar, salt and 12 teaspoon powdered cloves. Marinate for 2 hours. Drain and dry rabbit thoroughly. Cut rabbit into 6 pieces 2 haunches, 2 shoulders and saddle cut in 2.nHeat enough butter in large skillet to coat bottom, then add olive oil. Add garlic and fry. Add rabbit pieces and brown. Season with salt and pepper.nAdd spring onions, green pepper and celery, stirring to combine all ingredients. Stir in parsley, remaining cloves, basil and bay leaf. Mix together tomato paste, wine and sherry. Add to pan and stir well. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and let simmer for 1 14 hours. When done, remove bay leaf and season again. Place in decorative casserole to serve.nCook carrots with sugar, butter and water until caramelized and add to casserole. Garnish with remaining parsley., ingredients: [1 3 12 pound rabbit, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 2 tablespoons salt, 34 teaspoon powdered cloves, Clarified butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt, to taste, Black pepper, to taste, 1 14 cups 12inch pieces spring onions, 1 green pepper, cubed, 1 small celery heart, finely sliced, 1 tablespoon parsley, finely chopped plus more for garnish, roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 bay leaf, 1 12 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup dry red wine, 14 cup dry sherry, 1 pound baby carrots, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons water], title: Rabbit Cacciatora, picturelink: null}, 6787: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, puree the tomatoes in a blender or food processor set aside. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the garlic is just golden, about 2 minutes. Increase the heat to medium high, add the wine and cook until reduced by half, about 1 minute. Add the pureed tomatoes and 34 teaspoon salt and simmer, stirring, until the sauce thickens slightly, about 6 more minutes. Remove from the heat and keep warm.nAdd the pasta to the boiling water and cook as the label directs drain. Return the skillet to medium heat, add the pasta and tuna and cook, tossing, 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and stir in the basil.nPer serving: Calories: 487 Total Fat:11 grams Saturated Fat:2 grams Protein: 22 grams Total carbohydrates: 71 grams Sugar: 0 grams Fiber: 5 grams Cholesterol: 22 milligrams Sodium: 519 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds plum tomatoes 6 to 8 tomatoes, 2 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 14 to 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 ounces spaghetti, 1 5ounce can light tuna packed in water, drained, Freshly ground pepper, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh basil], title: Spaghetti With Spicy Tuna Marinara Sauce, picturelink: d2BW.McYIFog4huCI9w27IPMx5mJ7E6}, 6788: {instructions: Cut bottom stems off collard greens up to the leaves. Stack 3 to 4 leaves. Roll leaves and cut crossways in 12inch strips. Continue process until all leaves are cut. Wash cut leaves thoroughly. Add vegetable oil to large heavy pot. Once oil is hot add 12 cup minced onions, 12 cup carrots, and all 4 pieces of smoked turkey wing. Saute about two minutes. Add washed greens and chicken stock. Cover pot and cook for about 1 hour and 45 minutes, or until greens are tender. Once greens are tender, remove pot from stove. Add vinegar and sugar to collard greens. Stir greens. Let greens stand two minutes before serving. Garnish with remaining minced onions and diced tomatoes., ingredients: [1 bunch collard greens, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 34 cup minced onions, 12 cup diced carrots, 1 smoked turkey wing cut in 4 pieces, 2 gallons chicken stock, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup diced tomatoes], title: Collard Greens with Smoked Turkey Wings, picturelink: null}, 6789: {instructions: Rub four 8ounce filets mignons with PepperAncho Rub on one side drizzle with vegetable oil. Grill rubside down over high heat, about 4 minutes flip, reduce the heat to medium or move the steaks to a cooler spot and grill 4 more minutes for mediumrare, brushing often with Mint Glaze recipe below. Top with more glaze.nWhisk all of the ingredients in a bowl.nWhisk the mustard, honey, horseradish and mint in a bowl season with salt and pepper. Set aside a few tablespoons for the finished steaks.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [2 tablespoons coarsely ground pepper, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 6 tablespoons dijon mustard, 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons horseradish, drained, 6 fresh mint leaves, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: SweetandSpicy Steak, picturelink: Z1SCh1aLnUkebF6NrwC8lK3OC9HXETi}, 6790: {instructions: Mash the avocado with a fork in a medium bowl. Add the sour cream and whisk until well combined. Stir in the dill, scallions, garlic, jalapeno, salt and black pepper. Chill in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes. Serve with chips or vegetable crudites and garnish with a few sprigs of fresh dill., ingredients: [1 medium ripe avocado, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup fresh dill, chopped, plus a few sprigs for garnish, 2 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 medium jalapeno, minced, seeded for milder heat, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, Chips, or vegetable crudites, for serving], title: Spicy Avocado Dill Dip, picturelink: null}, 6791: {instructions: In a deepfryer heat oil to 365 degrees. In a food processor combine next 9 ingredients puree until a slightly chunky paste is formed. Using a rolling pin, flatten bread, one slice at a time. Spread 1 to 2 tablespoons of shrimp paste evenly over bread, and roll up in a tight cylinder brush edge with a little beaten egg to seal and let dry while you make more cylinders.nWhen all shrimp paste is used, cut each cylinder in thirds into small logs. Dip both ends of each log into egg, then into sesame seeds. Deepfry logs, in batches, until goldenbrown, about 2 to 3 minutes, turning several times with a metal spoon. Using a slotted spoon, remove shrimp toasts and drain on paper towels keep warm while you fry remaining batches. Sprinkle with coarse salt and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 teaspoon finelyminced ginger, 1 scallion, finely minced, 1 tablespoon Shao Hsing Chinese rice wine, 1 12 tablespoons lard, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon MSG, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 10 to 12 slices white bread, crusts removed such as Wonder, 1 egg, beaten, for sealing, About 1 cup sesame seeds, for dipping, Coarse salt], title: Shrimp Toasts, picturelink: null}, 6792: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice and add all of the ingredients. Shake well and strain into a thin highball glass filled with ice., ingredients: [Ice, 1 egg white, 1ounce apple cider, 1ounce fresh lemon juice, 1 12 ounces good apple brandy, 1ounce gin recommended: Hendricks], title: Apple Gin Fizz, picturelink: null}, 6793: {instructions: Prepare a mediumhot charcoal fire.nCut the middle portion of the round loaf into 6 long slices, each one almost an inch thick. Cut these slices in half, making halfslices that are roughly 3x3x1 inches.nWhen fire is ready, place the 12 slices over it in a single layer. Cook, turning once, until the outsides of the bread are golden brown with grill marks, if possible. This should take about 2 minutes per sidebut check frequently to make sure the bread isnt burning.nWhen the bread slices are done, rub the edges of each one, on both sides, with a cut clove of garliclightly or heavily, depending on your garlic preference. Place the slices on a large platter in a single layer. Sprinkle each slice with 2 teaspoons of olive oil, breaking the surface of the bread lightly with a spoon to let the oil soak in. Season with salt and pepper. Turn the slices over and repeat the procedure. Let the slices sit in the olive oil for 1015 minutes. Serve as is for simple bruschetta., ingredients: [1 round loaf country bread, not too dense, 6 cloves of garlic, peeled and cut in half, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil], title: Basic Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 6794: {instructions: Pour buttermilk into cheesecloth bag. Hang from rod over large bowl and let drip for 6 hours. After 6 hours, squeeze as much of the cream as possible out of the bag. Discard watery liquid collected in bowl. To cream mixture remaining, add sugar and stir well. Add pineapple and pour into chilled glasses. Add Kirsch to mashed raspberries and pour into jug. Before serving, pour raspberry puree into middle of hangop in glasses to resemble a bullet hole, ingredients: [6 cups buttermilk, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup crushed pineapple, chilled, 2 tablespoons Kirsch, 12 cup frozen raspberries, crushed, sieved, chilled], title: Hangop, picturelink: null}, 6795: {instructions: Split the Italian loaf in half lengthwise leaving one side hinged. Remove some of the inner crumb. Spoon or pour the gravy over both sides of the open loaves and layer the meats on each loaf. Add salt and pepper to taste. Fold the 2 halves of the loaves together and cut into 6inch slices., ingredients: [218 inch loaves Italian bread, 12 cup Sunday Gravy, 1 cup pieces of various meats from Sunday Gravy sausage, meatballs, braciole], title: Pitti Boop Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 6796: {instructions: Add all ingredients, except shrimp and garnishes to a large saucepan on high heat. Bring to a boil for 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to low. Add the shrimp and cook until bright pink, about 5 minutes. Drain the shrimp from the cooking liquid and place in a serving dish. Chill or eat while warm, sprinkled with the dry rub before serving alongside Cocktail Sauce.nAdd all ingredients to a bowl and stir until combined. Keep in an airtight container for up to 6 months.nMix all ingredients in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until use.nIn a large saucepan, combine all ingredients. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer. Cook uncovered, stirring frequently, for 1 hour 15 minutes.nYield: 3 12 cups, ingredients: [2 12ounce bottles lager style beer recommended: Budweiser, 1 cup water, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 onions, quartered, 1 garlic clove, smashed, 1 tablespoon Neelys Seasoning Rub, plus more for garnish, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 2 bay leaves, 3 whole peppercorns, 1 lemon, quartered, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, Lemon wedges, for garnish, BBQ Cocktail Sauce, for garnish, recipe follows, 1 12 cups paprika, 34 cup sugar, 3 34 tablespoons onion powder, 12 cup Neelys Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup prepared horseradish, 12 cup ketchup, 1 lemon, juiced, Dash hot sauce, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup water, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Drunken Shrimp, picturelink: 8dCjFdhGQmQPGShOJd4kkLlYP5CSGK}, 6797: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Lightly spray a nonstick baking sheet with cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the rice flour, garlic powder, cumin, paprika, salt and pepper. Whisk in 1 cup water until completely incorporated and you have a thin batter. Add the cauliflower florets and toss to coat completely with the batter. Use tongs or a fork to remove the florets from the bowl, allowing excess batter to drip off. Place in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet.nBake until the batter begins to set, about 10 minutes. Use tongs or a spatula to flip the florets and bake the other side until the batter looks completely dry, about 10 minutes longer.nMeanwhile, combine the barbecue sauce and butter in a small saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the butter is melted.nWhen the cauliflower is done, use a pastry brush to completely coat the florets with the sauce. Bake again until the florets are crispy and the sauce is completely absorbed, 8 to 10 minutes. Serve with carrot and celery sticks on the side., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking sheet, 1 cup white rice flour, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium head cauliflower, cut into 2 to 3inch florets, stems reserved for another use, 12 cup barbecue sauce, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Carrot and celery sticks, for serving], title: BBQ Cauliflower Wings, picturelink: i546p3AlQc3TJVBe7fOi9Tljw6SsQJ.}, 6798: {instructions: Crush salt, fennel seeds, cumin seeds, coriander and peppercorns with mortar and pestle. Rub venison on all sides with mixture. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees. Pan sear until browned and transfer to oven to roast until medium rare, or desired degree of doneness. Transfer venison to work surface. Let stand 5 minutes. Cut into 1 inch thick slices. Arrange on platter. Spoon Habanero Sauce over. Sprinkle with green onions., ingredients: [2 teaspoons coarse salt, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, toasted, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, toasted, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, toasted, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 2 12 ounce venison tenderloins, Habanero Sauce see recipe, 4 green onions, thinly sliced on diagonal], title: Roasted Venison with Habanero Sauce, picturelink: null}, 6799: {instructions: Heat oil in a large saute pan over medium heat.nAdd onion and saute for 3 minutes or until translucent. Stir in the prosciutto and saute for an additional 3 minutes.nAdd the peas, broth and salt and pepper. Cook for about 3 minutes or until hot.nDrain off all liquid.nThis recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nHeat oil in a small, heavy saucepan on mediumlow heat. Add garlic and barely simmer until garlic is just beginning to brown. Remove and discard garlic. Pour oil into a clear container and reserve, at room temperature, to use as flavored oil for frying and sauteing., ingredients: [14 cup Flavored Olive Oil recipe follows, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 12 cup diced prosciutto, 1 15ounce cans green peas, drained, or 2 cups fresh peas, cooked, 1 cup chicken broth, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 cup finequality olive oil such as Filippo Berio, 4 garlic cloves, peeled and crushed], title: Peas and Prosciutto, picturelink: 558I3o7UOnKQiIOWSSpaCKEOxSPCIYq}, 6800: {instructions: In a very hot wok, briefly saute the ginger, garlic, green onion and chili paste in the oil. Add the bean sprouts, carrots, savoy cabbage, red pepper and mushrooms and cook at high heat until the vegetables begin to soften. Add the mirin, hoisin sauce and soy sauce. Remove from heat and let cool in a bowl at room temperature. Place the spring roll wrappers under a damp cloth to keep them moist. Place wrappers one at a time on a hard surface with one corner pointing towards you. Spoon cooled ingredients into the center. Add a tablespoon of grated cucumber and a sprinkle of cilantro.nFold the side corners into the center. Fold the bottom into the center, making sure the three corners are touching each other. To finish, roll the wrapper away from you and up over the final corner. Store rolls under a damp cloth until ready to fry. Heat enough oil to cover the rolls, and fry seam side down until golden brown. Drain on paper towels and serve with your favorite dipping sauce., ingredients: [3 tablespoons chopped ginger, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons chopped green onion, 1 tablespoon hot bean paste or red chili paste, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 cup fresh bean sprouts, 1 cup grated carrot, 1 cup finely sliced savoy cabbage, 1 red pepper, julienned, 5 shiitake mushrooms, julienned, 3 tablespoons mirin Japanese rice wine, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 14 cup soy sauce, 12 spring roll wrappers, 1 cup peeled, grated cucumber, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Oil, for frying], title: Spicy Spring Rolls, picturelink: null}, 6801: {instructions: Preheat oven to 475 degrees F. Rub beef with salt, thyme, pepper and half of stout. Place in a baking dish and roast for 10 minutes. Remove from oven and lay all vegetables under beef, pour stout over and pour broth in bottom of pan. Roast 35 minutes or until medium rare 135 degrees F on a thermometer. Remove meat from pan to rest pour pan juices and veggies into a pan. Skim all of the fat from top. Bring to boil. Strain au jus, and serve with sliced beef., ingredients: [1 57 lb. standing rib roast, 1 bottle Guinness Stout, 3 tablespoons cracked pepper, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 2 carrots, rough chopped, 2 ribs celery, 2 onions, rough chopped, 1 can beef broth], title: Guinness Beer Prime Rib, picturelink: null}, 6802: {instructions: Cook turkey bacon in skillet add spinach and red bell pepper and saute for one minute. Combine eggs and orange juice, mix until smooth, and then add to skillet. Cover and cook on low until omelet is firm. Sprinkle cheese on omelet, gently fold omelet in half, and cook for an additional 30 seconds to melt cheese. To maximize the brainpower value of this omelet, serve it with a piece of wholewheat toast with raspberry jam and a glass of Floridas Naturalu00ae Brand Premium Orange Juice., ingredients: [2 slices turkey bacon, chopped or u00bc cup diced lean ham, 4 large eggs, 2 tbsp. Floridas Naturalu00ae Premium Orange Juice, u00bc cup chopped fresh spinach, u00bc cup diced red bell pepper, 1 oz. shredded lowfat cheddar cheese, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Fresh Start Power Omelet, picturelink: GJh0LtQikpfGqC08YVwwn.jouLeO8u}, 6803: {instructions: Sprinkle a small amount of water on a large sheet of plastic wrap. Place half of the chicken slices on top of the plastic and sprinkle again with water. Cover with another sheet of plastic wrap and pound with a rolling pin or meat pounder until about 14inch thick. Repeat with the remaining chicken.nBeat the eggs with the cheese in a large bowl to blend. Mix the flour with the salt and pepper in a shallow pie plate. Place the chicken in the flour and turn to coat on all sides. Dip into the egg mixture and lift to let the excess drip off. Return to the flour and turn again to coat on all sides.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, dip the chicken 1 last time in the egg mixture and add to the hot skillet. Cook until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a large platter, cover loosely with foil, and continue with the remaining scaloppine. Add the remaining tablespoon of oil, if needed.nHeat about 2 inches vegetable oil in a small deep saucepan over mediumhigh heat until a deepfat thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Working in batches, add the herbs, patted very dry, a small handful at a time and fry until crisp, about 10 seconds. They will bubble up furiously. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt.nAdd the butter, lemon juice, and chopped parsley to the skillet and heat until bubbling. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon a small amount of the sauce over each piece of chicken, top with the fried herbs, and serve at once., ingredients: [1 pound chicken scaloppine, 6 large eggs, lightly beaten, 3 tablespoons freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, as needed, Vegetable oil for frying the herbs, 12 cup mixed fresh parsley leaves, rosemary leaves, and small thyme sprigs, Additional kosher salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, Additional freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Francese, picturelink: null}, 6804: {instructions: Holding an asparagus spear in both hands, bend the spear until it breaks naturally at the point where the spear becomes tough. Discard the tough end and repeat with the remaining asparagus. Cut the asparagus into 1inch lengths.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nWhile the water heats, heat the olive oil in a skillet over mediumlow heat and cook the pancetta until the pancetta is almost crisp, about 5 minutes. Add the leek and saute until softened but not colored.nAdd the asparagus to the boiling water and cook until just tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain and add to the skillet. Season mixture with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve immediately.nServe as a first course or as an entree with Eggs en Cocotte.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRub the inside of 6 ramekins with the butter and then season with the thyme, distributing both equally amongst the ramekins. Add 2 eggs to each, season with salt and pepper. Place the ramekins in a baking dish, and pour water into the baking dish until it is halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Carefully place the baking dish in the preheated oven. Bake eggs for 15 minutes, or until set and golden on top. Eat and enjoynYield: 6 servings, ingredients: [2 pounds medium asparagus, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, unrolled and cut into 1inch lengths, 1 cup thinly sliced leek, white and pale green parts only, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, and freshly ground black pepper, Eggs en Cocotte, recipe follows, 2 12 tablespoons butter, 2 12 tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves, 12 eggs, preferably organic, Gray salt or course sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Asparagus with Leeks and Pancetta with Eggs en Cocotte, picturelink: 7CcVAx5WVSUdTVgFe7G2KakGRL5JpK}, 6805: {instructions: Slice 2 Bartlett pears in half, brush with melted butter and place skin side down on the grill for 20 minutes. Make a crispy topping by combining 12 cup flour, 14 cup white sugar, 14 cup brown sugar, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 13 cup rolled oats, add 6 tablespoons cold butter and cut all together with a fork or by hand. When pears are starting to get tender, sprinkle crispy topping on the pears for the last 10 minutes of grilling time. Meanwhile, brush fresh flour tortillas with melted butter and grill 2 minutes each side. Remove from grill, brush a little butter on 1 side and sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. When cooled, cut tortillas in quarters to be served later. Remove pears from grill, placing each pear in a single serving bowl with a dollop of vanilla ice cream surrounded by cinnamon tortilla chips. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 Bartlett pears, Melted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup white sugar, 14 cup brown sugar, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 13 cup rolled oats, 6 tablespoons butter, 2 to 3 flour tortillas, Cinnamonsugar, Ice cream, for serving], title: Bartlett Pear Crisp with Cinnamon Tortilla Chips and Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: z47DL0JLRXGEcmkeCdVDxiGYIHvtkS}, 6806: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the butter, 4 ounces of the chocolate chips and the unsweetened chocolate together in a medium heatproof bowl set over simmering water just until the chocolate melts. Remove the bowl from the heat and allow to cool for 15 minutes. In a large bowl, stir do not beat together the eggs, coffee powder, vanilla and sugar. Stir the chocolate mixture into the egg mixture and set aside to cool to room temperature.nIn a medium bowl, sift together 14 cup of the flour, the baking powder and salt and stir it into the chocolate mixture. Toss the remaining 12 cup of chocolate chips and one tablespoon of flour together in a medium bowl and stir them into the chocolate mixture. Spoon the mixture into 4 individual castiron skillets see note at left and place them on a sheet pan. Bake for 22 minutes exactly. Dont overbake A toothpick inserted in the center will not come out clean. Serve warm with a scoop of ice cream.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, 4 ounces plus 12 cup Hersheys semisweet chocolate chips, divided, 1 12 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 2 extralarge eggs, 2 teaspoons instant coffee powder, such as Nescafe, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, divided, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, such as HaagenDazs], title: Skillet Brownies, picturelink: 82KowQEhXamNQSKChUqGxF3tTUCwGFa}, 6807: {instructions: Special equipment: A candy thermometer a kitchen blowtorchnFor the cookie base.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9inch square baking pan and line with parchment paper, leaving a 2inch overhang on 2 sides. In a large bowl using an electric mixer, beat the flour, confectioners sugar, brown sugar and salt on medium speed until well combined. Add the butter and beat until the crumbs are evenly moistened. Tip the crumbs into the prepared pan and pat down to make an even base. Bake the base until deep golden and set, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool, about 30 minutes. For the filling: In a large bowl, whisk together the sweetened condensed milk, lime zest and juice, egg yolks and salt. Pour the mixture over the baked cookie base and spread it into an even layer. Bake the filling until just set, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool, about 30 minutes, then cover with plastic and refrigerate until firm, at least 4 hours. For the topping: Just before serving, make the topping. In a large bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, add the egg whites. In a small saucepot fitted with a candy thermometer, heat the sugar and 14 cup water over mediumhigh heat without stirring. When the thermometer hits about 220 degrees F, beat the egg whites with an electric mixer on medium speed until just frothy and the yellowish hue has disappeared. When the sugar reaches 238 degrees F, increase the mixer speed to high and, with the mixer running, pour the sugar syrup into the bowl in a thin stream. Continue to beat the mixture until shiny, stiff peaks form and the mixture is cool, about 6 minutes. Scoop the meringue on top of the filling and use an offset spatula to swirl it around into decorative swoops and spikes. Using a mini kitchen blowtorch, toast the topping to an even golden brown. Cut into bars and serve., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus more for greasing the pan, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Filling:, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 teaspoon lime zest plus 34 cup lime juice from 5 to 6 limes, 4 large egg yolks, Pinch kosher salt, Topping:, 3 large egg whites, 1 cup granulated sugar], title: Lime Meringue Bars, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 6808: {instructions: What the black bean cake did for the Santa Fe Bar and Grill in Berkeley, this paillard of fish did for Stars in San Francisco. I developed it with the same purpose: to present, at the opening of a restaurant, a fast, new, easily cooked, foolproof, and easily understood dish. With a little advance chopping and slicing, you can serve this winning dish in five minutes.nUse sturgeon and garnish the center of the cooked fish with a tablespoon of spiced crabmeat, cooked fish in green goddess mayonnaise, or preserved tuna in sour cream mixed with ancho chili puree. Or use radish salad as on the sea bass. And spoon over the fish your choice of a flavored cream from a puree of chipotle, mixed herbs, or a ginger puree. Or cut open an avocado, dice it, add a teaspoon of cumin and 2 tablespoons lime juice, and put that in the center of the cooked fish.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. or preheat the broiler.nPound the fish slices until they are evenly 18inch thick.nPut 4 heat resistant plates in the oven or under the broiler until hot. Remove and brush each 1 with 12 teaspoon of the butter.nSeason the paillards of fish with salt and pepper and put 1 on each plate. Mix the fish stock, ginger, garlic, and tomatoes in a saute pan. Bring to a boil and cook 2 minutes. Whisk the remaining butter into the sauce and pour it over the fish.nBy the time you garnish the plates with the cilantro, the fish will be done.nFish Stock:nThe best fish to include in a light stock to be used for cream and butter sauces are sole, turbot, halibut, and trout. For fish soups and hearty stews, use whatever nonoily fish bones and heads you have: the fished already mentioned plus bass, grouper, snapper, haddock, etc.nDespite what most cookbooks tell you, fish stocks should be brought to a boil as fast as possible so that the albumin coagulates and rises to the surface for skimming.nSimmer for no more than 30 minutes or the stock will tasty fishy and stale.nThe vegetables have to be finely chopped so that they cook entirely in this short time, and the acid from the wine is necessary if you are to use the stock for making butter sauces, but add it only after the vegetables have given up most of their flavor it impedes this process if added at the beginning.nAny leftover stock can be frozen for up to a month.nWash the fish carcasses, removing the gills from the heads, and, under running water, scrape away any blood from the backbone.nPut the celery, onion, herbs, and salt in a pot. Add 1 cup of the water, cover, and sweat the mixture over low heat for 10 minutes. Do not let any browning occur.nAdd the fish carcasses and remaining water. Bring to a boil over high heat. The moment it boils, lower the heat to a bare simmer. Stir the bones around very gently for a few seconds so that any coagulated albumin trapped at the bottom will rise to the surface. Skim off any scum, avoiding floating vegetables or herbs. Simmer uncovered for 20 minutes.nAdd the wine, and simmer for another 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, let sit for 5 minutes, then carefully ladle all the stock into a fine strainer set over a container. Do not press down on any fish in the strainer. Put the last of the stock into the strainer and discard the debris. Immediately refrigerate the stock uncovered. When cold, cover and keep refrigerated or frozen until needed.nYield: 1 gallon, ingredients: [4 2ounce slices boneless and skinless fillet of salmon, tuna, halibut, grouper, red snapper, sturgeon, sea bass, or albacore, no thicker than 14 inch, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 cup fish stock, recipe follows, 1 2ounce piece fresh ginger, peeled, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 23 cup chopped tomatoes, 12 sprigs fresh cilantro, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 5 pounds fish carcasses, 1 cup finely chopped celery, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 2 bay leaves, 1 sprig fresh thyme or 12 teaspoon dried leaves, 2 sprigs fresh parsley, 1 sprig fresh tarragon or chervil, or 12 teaspoon dried leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 gallon water, 1 cup dry white wine], title: Fast and Easy Plate Cooked Fish Paillard with Ginger, Garlic, and Tomatoes, picturelink: MCaSpU70hMQwKnuVW1malsdLRrkWW}, 6809: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWash and clean the potatoes in cold running water. Using a mandoline, or vegetable peeler, finely slice the potatoes into chips. Drop the chips into a bowl of ice water as you work to prevent them from going brown. This will also remove any excess starch.nIn a heavy Dutch oven, heat oil to 400 degrees Fuse a thermometer to keep the temp right. When its hot enough, lay the potatoes on baking sheet lined with paper towels, and blot them with more paper towels to dry.nLower batches of potatoes into the oil using a spatula. They will fry very quickly stir with a heavy metal spoon as they fry to get them to be the kettle style. Remove with a slotted spoon when theyre nice and golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Immediately sprinkle on salt and lots of black pepper. Repeat with the rest of the potatoes Serve very soon after frying., ingredients: [6 Yukon gold potatoes, unpeeled, Canola or vegetable oil, for frying, Kosher salt and black pepper], title: Homemade Black Pepper Potato Chips, picturelink: sjCOaXZCHEW3OPM9BWwzV.sq5UeKO}, 6810: {instructions: For the shrimp: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Turn off heat, add shrimp, and let stand in water until just cooked through, about 3 minutes. Drain and cool. Peel shrimp, leaving tails on, and devein. Season shrimp with salt. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the serranomint sauce: Place all ingredients, except for salt, in a blender. Pulse until smooth. Season with salt. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use. Bring to room temperature before serving.nBring shrimp to room temperature just before serving. Drizzle with chili oil, if using. Sprinkle shrimp with a few cilantro leaves. Serve shrimp with serranomint sauce for dipping., ingredients: [1 pound large shrimp about 36, Kosher salt, Chili oil, for drizzling, optional, Fresh cilantro leaves, SerranoMint Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup tightly packed fresh mint leaves, plus more for garnish, 2 serrano chiles, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 2 teaspoons sugar, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, Kosher salt], title: Shrimp Cocktail with SerranoMint Sauce, picturelink: null}, 6811: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine a shallow storage container with wax paper. Put a small scoop of ice cream about 2 teaspoons on a cookie and top with another cookie. Roll the ice cream sandwich in the chopped chocolate so the chocolate adheres to the ice cream. Place in the wax paperlined container. Repeat with the remaining ingredients until you have 12 ice cream sandwiches.nCover and place in the freezer to set for at least 30 minutes, or freeze for up to 1 week., ingredients: [12 cup light vanilla ice cream or frozen yogurt, softened at room temperature, 24 vanilla wafer cookies 112 inches in diameter, 1 ounce dark or bittersweet chocolate 60 to 70 cocoa solids, finely chopped], title: Mini Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: l1.ojKb3TC3GO0Dbgi6fbJsa.rErjO}, 6812: {instructions: Add the simple syrup, lemonade, and raspberry syrup in a glass mixing glass. Shake well. Pour into individual tumbler glasses. Garnish with fresh mint and raspberries., ingredients: [1 ounce simple syrup equal parts sugar and water, heated until sugar dissolves, 1 12 ounces freshly squeezed lemonade, 1 ounce raspberry syrup, Mint and raspberries for garnish], title: Pink Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 6813: {instructions: Barely melt the chocolate in a double boiler over gentle heat. Remove from the heat source and pour into a large mixing bowl then cool for five minutes. Add the butter, cream, vanilla, coffeeflavored liqueur, and mix on medium speed until the mixture thickens. Finally add the confectioners sugar in small batches until the mixture holds a medium peak. If the kitchen temperature is warm, and the icing is not of spreading consistency place the bowl in the refrigerator for a few minutes, then recommence mixing. Slather the icing over the cake with an offset palette knife., ingredients: [1 cup good quality dark chocolate recommended: Guittard, 12 cup 1 stick room temperature salted butter, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla recommended: Nielsen Massey, 1 tablespoon coffeeflavored liqueur recommended: Kahlua, 1 pound sifted confectioners sugar], title: Whipped Chocolate Buttercream, picturelink: null}, 6814: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, combine orange juice, vinegar, and sugar. Stir until blended and set aside.nPlace cucumber, blueberries, strawberries, and apple in a large bowl. Top with the orange juice mixture and stir gently to coat.nCover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour overnight is best. Stir gently just before serving. Garnish with mint, if using. Enjoy, ingredients: [14 cup freshlysqueezed orange juice, 1 teaspoon seasoned rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 2 cups peeled and diced cucumber, 1 cup blueberries, 1 cup diced strawberries, 1 large Fuji apple, cored and chopped, Fresh mint, for serving, optional], title: Ginormous Fruit Salad Surprise, picturelink: CaJL7jG1Z3eHhkyLmnfTKiCqa5zXf5m}, 6815: {instructions: Heat grill to high. Toss tomatoes in oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill in a grilling basket and grill until charred and softened, turning a few times, about 10 minutes. Remove to a bowl. Crush the garlic with a little salt to form a paste and add to the bowl with a few tablespoons of olive oil.nBrush bread with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, and place on the grill. Grill the bread until lightly golden brown on both sides, about 20 seconds per side.nCombine the ricotta with a little olive oil in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Mound some of the tomato mixture on the bread. Lay prosciutto on top. Dollop with some ricotta mixture and garnish with lemon juice squeezed over the top., ingredients: [1 pint cherry tomatoes, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 slices French bread, sliced 12inch thick slices, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 12 paper thin slices prosciutto, 2 lemons, cut in 12], title: Grilled Tomato Bread with Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 6816: {instructions: LINE 8 or 9inch square pan with wax paper, extending paper over edges of pan.nMELT peanut butter chips with 1 cup sweetened condensed milk, butter and salt in heavy saucepan over low heat.nMELT chocolate chips with remaining sweetened condensed milk in small saucepan. Remove from heat add vanilla. Stir until smooth.nSPREAD peanut butter mixture evenly into prepared pan. Spoon chocolate mixture over peanut butter mixture. With table knife or metal spatula, swirl through top of fudge.nCHILL 3 hours or until firm. Remove from pan by lifting edges of wax paper. Cut into squares., ingredients: [2 cups 12 oz. peanut butter chips, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, divided, 2 tbsps. butter, Dash salt, 14 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 tsp. vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Swirled Fudge, picturelink: null}, 6817: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the butter: Whisk the butter, the honey, and lime zest in a bowl until smooth, or pulse to combine them in a mini food processor. Refrigerate until ready to serve with the pancakes.nFor the pancakes: Whisk together the flours, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, eggs, melted butter, and honey. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients until just combined dont worry about lumps.nMelt 1 tablespoon of butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, drop the batter, about 14 cup at a time, into the skillet. Cook until the surface is bubbling and the bottom is golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip each pancake and cook until the bottom golden brown and the pancake is firm, about 2 minutes more. Remove the pancake to a platter and cover with foil. Repeat with the remaining batter, using more butter if necessary. Serve topped with the honey butter., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, softened, 14 cup honey, 1 lime, zest finely grated, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup wholewheat flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 eggs, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, melted, plus more for cooking pancakes, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Honey WholeWheat Pancakes with Honey Lime Butter, picturelink: 8efmswq90Fbty2RG58o7T9UHt8t0uO}, 6818: {instructions: In a small saucepan heat the sugar and water and bring to a boil. When the sugar is completely dissolved remove from heat and cool to room temperature. Refrigerate, covered, for up to 1 week.nSimple syrup can be used to sweeten iced tea, mint juleps or other alcohol based drinks, fruit salad, as well as a soaking liquid for in between layers of genoise cake.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup water], title: Simple Syrup for Sweetening Tea, picturelink: null}, 6819: {instructions: Cut the pound cake into a desired size and chill. Place the chopped chocolate in a medium sized stainless steel bowl. Set aside. Heat the cream and butter in a medium sized saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil. Immediately pour the boiling cream over the chocolate and allow to stand for 5 minutes. Stir with a whisk until smooth. Top the pound cake with the ganache mixture. Chill until service. , ingredients: [1 loaf pound cake, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, cut into small pieces, 34 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Chocolate Ganache Topped Pound Cake, picturelink: null}, 6820: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the figs with the olive oil and a pinch of salt in a baking dish. Roast until soft, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, puree the nuts and peanut oil in a food processor until smooth and creamy, about 2 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add the ricotta, honey and cinnamon and pulse until combined, about 1 minute.nSpread the ricotta mixture on the bread and top with the roasted figs. Drizzle with honey and top with chopped nuts.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [8 to 10 fresh figs, halved, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 cup salted roasted mixed nuts, plus chopped nuts for topping, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 34 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons honey, plus more for drizzling, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Toasted multigrain bread, for serving], title: Nutty Fig Toasts, picturelink: 8ZSWoXE1j7h6aXhbbQFRGCCg7brGmm}, 6821: {instructions: Season the beef with salt, pepper and coriander.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a saute pan, heat some of the olive oil until smoking and sear the beef until browned all over. Transfer to oven and cook until medium rare, 120degree internal temperature about 12 to 15 minutes. Set aside and allow to rest for 10 minutes.nSeason mixed greens with the two tablespoons of olive oil and salt and pepper. Divide evenly onto 4 plates. Cut the tenderloin into 12inch thick slices and place slices on top of mixed greens. Spoon half of the tomato salsa over the beef dont cover completely and serve remaining salsa on the side. Serve with Potato Cheese Galette.nOver a hot grill, roast the tomatoes until blackened. Transfer to a bowl and add the chipotles. Cover and allow to cool for 15 minutes. Add the basil, garlic and lime juice and marinate for 10 minutes. Transfer to a blender or food processor and pulse until chunky. Transfer to a bowl and add the vinegar, sugar, salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in 1 cup of olive oil. Reserve.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the potato slices in a double layer in a medium bowl, pour the clarified butter over, and toss to coat the slices. Season lightly with salt. Arrange half the potatoes, flower fashion, in a 9inch ovenproof skillet. Cook over medium heat until the ends begin to brown and the potatoes stick together. This will keep the cheeses from running through. Sprinkle with the cheeses and cover with the remaining potatoes, arranged the same way as the bottom layer. Set in the oven for 10 minutes, carefully flip potatoes with a wide spatula, and brown on a mediumhigh flame. Return to the oven for 5 minutes longer. Cut into 4 quarters and keep warm., ingredients: [2 12 pounds beef tenderloin, trimmed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon coriander, toasted and crushed, Olive oil, for searing, 2 cups mixed greens, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Tomato Salsa, recipe follows, Potato Cheese Galette, recipe follows, 5 Roma tomatoes, 2 chipotle chiles, reconstituted, 12 cup chopped basil, 14 cup minced garlic, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup olive oil, 1 pound baking potato, peeled and cut into very thin rounds, 14 cup clarified butter, Salt, 2 ounces shredded mozzarella, 2 ounces fresh goat cheese], title: Roasted Beef Tenderloin with Fire Roasted Tomato Salsa and Potato Cheese Galette, picturelink: null}, 6822: {instructions: Slice the skin off each orange, removing both the peel and the white skin or pith. Coarsely chop the oranges and reserve the juices.nPlace the chopped oranges, orange juice, anchovies, onion, olives, and basil leaves in a salad bowl. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Toss well and serve., ingredients: [4 oranges, 10 anchovy fillets, coarsely chopped, 1 red onion, chopped, 20 kalamata olives, Bunch fresh basil leaves, torn, 14 cup58 ml extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Insalata di Arance e Acciughe: Orange Salad with Anchovies, picturelink: null}, 6823: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and move a rack to the middle of the oven. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper, set aside.nCombine the peanut butter, brown sugar, granulated sugar, vanilla extract and egg in a large bowl and stir until fully combined. Form 24 balls, 1inch in diameter, and set evenly spaced apart on the prepared baking sheet.nBake until lightly browned and crisp on the edges, 15 minutes.nRemove the cookies from the oven, and cool for 5 minutes. Use your thumb or the back of a spoon to press into the middle of each cookie to create an indent about 14inch deep. Spoon 12 teaspoon of the chocolatehazelnut spread into each cookie indent, refrigerate until the chocolatehazelnut filling is no longer runny, 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup crunchy peanut butter, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 14 cup chocolatehazelnut spread], title: ChocolatePeanut Butter Thumbprint Cookie, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 6824: {instructions: Melt butter and oil in a large saute pan and add onions. Cook covered over gentle heat for 40 minutes to one hour, until the onions are a deep golden brown. You may need to add water or stock to prevent the onions from burning. Stir in the fresh thyme, and toss with the pasta. Serve Yield: 4 servingsnTIP: PEELING PEARL ONIONSnAdd make an x in the bottom of your pearl onions, place in a bowl add 13 of a cup of water and cover and microwave for 1 to 2 minutes. You can peel them easily when slightly cooled., ingredients: [1 pound fresh spinach fettuccine, cooked, 6 large Spanish onions, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon butter, 3 teaspoons olive oil, 14 cup fresh lemon thyme, chopped, Additional water or vegetable stock], title: Spinach Fettuccine with Caramelized Onions and Lemon Thyme, picturelink: null}, 6825: {instructions: To make the dressing, whisk together mayonnaise, ketchup, cayenne, dry mustard, shallot, lemon juice, and parsley. Season the dressing with salt and pepper. Fold in the crabmeat and capers, turn to coat. Using a clear parfait glass or champagne glass, scoop a heaping tablespoon of the diced mangoes on the bottom of the glass. Press down slightly with a spoon. Add a layer of crabmeat on top, pressing down again, followed by a layer of chopped mixed greens. Repeat the layers. After the last layer of greens, spoon a final mound of crab salad on top. Repeat with remaining 3 glasses. Serve with toasted baguette slices., ingredients: [3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon ketchup, Pinch cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 shallot, minced, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 pound crabmeat, shredded, 1 tablespoon capers, 2 mangoes, diced, 2 cups baby mixed greens, chopped fine, Toasted baguette slices], title: Crab Parfait, picturelink: null}, 6826: {instructions: Whisk together the juice, zest, sugar, and eggs in a 2quart heavy saucepan. Stir in the butter and cook over moderatelylow heat, whisking frequently, until the curd is thick enough to coat a spoon, about 6 minutes. Strain the curd through a mesh strainer or sieve to remove any cooked egg bits. Transfer the lemon curd to a bowl, cover its surface with plastic wrap to prevent a skin from forming and chill at least 1 hour, until cold. Serve the lemon curd in tart shells, over pound cake, ice cream, or as a spread. Serving suggestions: Serve the lemon curd in tart shells topped with fresh berries, over toast or scones, as a filling for lemon meringue pie, or as a filling for cookies, cakes, or pastries., ingredients: [1 cup fresh lemon juice, Zest of 2 lemons, 1 cup sugar, 6 large eggs, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into bits, Serving suggestion: Use the lemon curd as a filling in tart shells, pies, cookies, cakes, or pastries. May be used as a topping for toast and scones, too], title: Lemon Curd, picturelink: null}, 6827: {instructions: Make pastry dough by placing flour, butter, egg yolk, powdered sugar, and salt in food processor and pulsing until texture resembles a course meal. Add water tablespoon by tablespoon. Assemble dough into small ball, wrap in plastic film and flatten to 1inch circle. Chill for 30 minutes.nRoll out dough and cut into 4 14inch rounds and let chill for another 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees.nMake caramel in nonreactive pan with sugar and water. Heat 6 5inch cast iron blini pans, or 6 8ounce ramekins in the oven.nWhen sugar and water is a warm amber color, place pan in bowl of cold water to stop cooking. Pour caramel into hot pans, and fill with mango slices. Brush mango slices with melted butter. Prick pastry rounds with fork and place on top of mangoes. Bake in a 400degree oven for 25 minutes or until pastry is browned., ingredients: [2 cups all purpose flour, 5 ounces unsalted butter, 1 egg yolk, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 to 6 tablespoons cold water, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 3 large mangoes, not too ripe, 2 tablespoons melted butter], title: Mango Tart Tatin, picturelink: null}, 6828: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.n1 recipe Baked Chips, recipe followsnLay the cod fillets on a cutting board. Sprinkle both sides with salt and pepper. Cut the fillets in 1 12 by 3inch pieces.nIn a bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, lemon zest, cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Whisk in 12 cup of water and then the egg.nPour 12inch of oil into a large 12inch frying pan and heat it to about 360 degrees F.nDip each fillet into the batter, allowing the excess to drip back into the bowl. Place it very carefully into the hot oil. Dont crowd the pieces. Adjust the heat as needed to keep the oil between 360 and 400 degrees F. Cook the fish on each side for 2 to 3 minutes, until lightly browned and cooked through. Remove to a plate lined with a paper towel. Sprinkle with salt and serve hot with the chips.nBaked ChipsnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nScrub the potatoes, cut them in half lengthwise, then cut each half in thirds lengthwise. Youll have 6 long wedges from each potato. Place the potatoes on a sheet pan with the olive oil, salt, pepper, garlic, and rosemary. With clean hands, toss all the ingredients together, making sure the potatoes are covered with oil. Spread the potatoes in a single layer with 1 cut side down.nBake the potatoes for 30 to 35 minutes, turning to the other cut side after 20 minutes. Bake until they are lightly browned, crisp outside, and tender inside. Sprinkle with salt and serve immediately.nYield: 2 servings, ingredients: [1 12 pounds fresh cod fillets choose thick ones, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup water, 1 extralarge egg, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 large baking potatoes, unpeeled, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon minced fresh garlic, 12 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary leaves], title: Parkers Fish and Chips, picturelink: wYuEP9UViBSyJGJceq7yJ6wEw5XwplO}, 6829: {instructions: Heat oil in sauce pan and sweat onions and peppers for 1 minute. Add garlic and crawfish tails and heat through. Add Worcestershire sauce, crystal hot sauce, salt and L.A. spice. Remove from heat and let cool. Beat eggs in stainless bowl and add crawfish mixture. Fold in Parmesan and 1 cup bread crumbs. Combine all ingredients and form into 5ounce patties. Dust cakes with additional bread crumbs. Heat crawfish cake through in broiler. Place corn puddding in center of plate. Place heated crawfish cake on top. Zigzag cilantro cream over entire plate. Top cake with parsley sprig., ingredients: [1 tablespoon pommace oil, 10 tablespoons yellow onion, 18inch diced, 3 tablespoons green bell peppers, 18inch diced, 3 tablespoons red bell peppers, 18inch diced, 3 teaspoons garlic, minced, 1 12 pounds crawfish tails, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon crystal hot sauce, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 teaspoon LA spice, or Paul Prudhomme Cajun spice, 6 eggs, 12 cup Parmesan, ground, 1 cup plus 5 tablespoons bread crumbs, Parsley sprig, for garnish], title: Louisiana Crawfish Cakes, picturelink: null}, 6830: {instructions: Melt chocolate chips and butter in a small bowl in the microwave on 50 power in 2 or 3 30second intervals, whisking after each. Add extract to chocolate. Place vanilla wafers on aluminum foil and pour melted chocolate over each, covering completely. Let sit for 10 minutes or until set., ingredients: [2 12ounce bags semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons butter or shortening, 2 teaspoons peppermint extract, 24 vanilla wafer cookies], title: Mint Wafers, picturelink: LzIsrlt37QE.hQqRdYqa6iwwCb1QqG2}, 6831: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a deep sided skillet heat 1 12 inches of vegetable oil over medium heat. If you wish to test the oil, add a 1inch cube of bread to hot oil. If it turns deep golden brown in color in a count of 40, the oil is ready.nWhile the oil is heating make the batter. In a wide mixing bowl combine 2 cups of the pancake mix, 1 14 cups water and about 6 teaspoons hot sauce. Use a regular teaspoon you would stir coffee with u00bf thats what I did. I dont, technically, have a set of actual measuring spoons.nPlace the remaining plain 12 cup pancake mix in another wide mixing bowl. Arrange the batter and the bowl of plain pancake mix near the cook top and the heating oil. Line a plate with a few sheets of paper towels and keep within reach.nOnce the oil is heated and ready, toss the chicken pieces in 2 teaspoons of hot sauce then toss in the plain pancake mix, coat evenly and shake off excess. The plain dry pancake mix will help the batter stick to the chicken pieces. Add some of chicken to the batter, you are going to want to work in 3 to 4 batches coating and frying. Using a fork, toss the bites in the batter. Remove the first batch from the batter, shaking off the excess batter as you carefully add them to the hot oil. Fry for 2 minutes on the first side, or until the first side is a deep golden brown, flip and continue to fry for another 2 minutes or until deep golden brown all over. Remove from the oil and drain on the paper towel lined plate, season with salt. Repeat until all the popcorn chicken bites are fried. Serve immediately with refrigerated, good quality creamy blue cheese prepared dressing with chopped scallions and black pepper stirred into it for dipping. Garnish platter with celery sticks., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 12 cups complete pancake mix, any brand, divided, 1 14 cups water8 teaspoons hot sauce, divided recommended: Tabasco, 1 14 pounds chicken tenders or chicken breast cut into small bitesized pieces, 1 cup store bought, good quality refrigerated blue cheese dressing recommended: Maries brand, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper,, 13 palm full, Cut celery sticks, store bought], title: Buffalo Popcorn Chicken Bites, picturelink: F57xnvwjeB8LkubjxK7san7xdTd2cG}, 6832: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the grill to medium.nPeel the bananas, being careful not to break them. Put the whole bananas on the grill, and cook until grill marks form and the banana is tender but not mushy, about 2 to 3 minutes per side Remove the bananas from the grill to a platter and set aside.nMelt the butter in a large saute pan over low heat. Stir in the sugar, then add the cinnamon, orange juice, and orange zest. Add the banana liqueur and heat through. Stir in the rum and cook until the alcohol burns off, about 2 minutes. Finally, add the grilled bananas and warm them up in the caramel sauce. Arrange the bananas on serving plates and serve with or without ice cream., ingredients: [2 bananas between green and ripe See Cooks Note, 14 cup salted butter, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 orange, zested, 3 ounces banana liqueur, 4 ounces dark rum, Ice cream, if desired], title: Kellys Off Your Rocker Bananas Foster, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 6833: {instructions: Let the ham sit at room temperature 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Trim off any skin from the ham if needed. Score the ham through the fat in a diagonal crosshatch pattern without cutting into the meat. Place the ham, flatside down, on a rack in a roasting pan. Pour 14 inch of water into the bottom of the pan. Roast the ham until it reaches an internal temperature of about 130 degrees F, about 2 12 hours or 15 minutes per pound.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until soft, about 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat and add the brandy. Return to the heat and continue to cook until the brandy reduces by about half. Add the honey and peppercorns continue to cook until the mixture thickens, about 15 minutes.nRemove the ham from the oven when it has reached 130 degrees F internally. Increase the oven temperature to 425 degrees F. Spoon or brush some of the glaze all over the ham. Add water as needed to the bottom of the pan. Return the ham to the oven and roast, basting every 10 minutes with the remaining glaze, until welllacquered and slightly crispy on the edges, about 45 minutes more., ingredients: [One 8 to 10pound bonein, smoked, fullycooked ham, butt or shank portion, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small shallot, minced, 13 cup brandy, 12 cup honey, 2 tablespoons mixed colored peppercorns, cracked], title: Brandy Peppercorn Honey Glazed Ham, picturelink: BY6QwlSESWdwsBnNmzI2EVZS.pmqdWq}, 6834: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCauliflower: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet liberally with vegetable oil cooking spray. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, toss the cauliflower and olive oil together until coated. Put in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Roast until golden and tender, about 25 to 30 minutes. Set aside to cool for 10 minutes.nSalad: In a medium saucepan, bring the chicken broth, curry powder and salt to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the couscous. Cover the pot and allow the couscous to absorb the liquid, about 5 to 7 minutes. Fluff the couscous with a fork and transfer it to a large serving bowl. Stir in the cooked cauliflower, cranberries, cashews, cucumber, parsley, and lemon zest. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nDressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the yogurt, olive oil and curry powder until smooth. Whisk in the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nJust before serving, add the dressing to the salad and toss well to coat., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 1 medium head cauliflower, trimmed and cut into 12 to 1inch pieces, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 12 tablespoons mild curry powder recommended: Spice Islands, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 10ounce box couscous, 34 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup coarsely chopped, roasted and lightly salted cashews, 1 4inch piece cucumber, peeled, seeded and chopped into 12inch pieces, 13 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 large lemon, zested, 13 cup Greek yogurt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons mild curry powder recommended: Spice Islands, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Curried Couscous Salad, picturelink: LQzpHnhIleqDj7ptY6EiPluOT1kiGDq}, 6835: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill to medium heat.nEvenly cut the pineapple into 12inch thick slices. Using a small 1inch biscuit cutter, pierce a hole into middle of pineapple slices. Brush the pineapple and onion slices with glaze, place on the grill and brush again with glaze. Grill for 2 minutes and flip, grilling other side.nPlace a bed of spinach leaves on a serving platter and top with the pineapple and onion slices. Drizzle with Vinaigrette and serve.nPlace all ingredients into a medium bowl and whisk together.nPour ingredients into a small bowl and whisk together., ingredients: [1 large pineapple, peeled, 1 red onion, cut in 12inch thick slices, Glaze, recipe follows, 1 bag baby spinach, Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 8ounce jar pineapple ice cream topping, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup orange juice, 12 cup olive oil], title: Grilled Pineapple and Onion Salad, picturelink: xLlWkEg6E3alJ7VhhHQt3eHeBz4I.q}, 6836: {instructions: Make the dough. Mound the flour on a large cutting board and make a wide well in the middle. Add the eggs and olive oil and season with salt. Beat the eggs with a fork, then use the fork to break the wall of the well and incorporate the flour into the eggs. Gather the dough into a ball dont worry if there are lumps.nKnead the dough. Using the heels of your hands, push the dough away from you, then fold it back over itself and push again put your whole body into it. Continue kneading until the dough is smooth and supple, 10 to 15 minutes. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and let rest at least 1 hour at room temperature.nMix the filling. Mix the ricotta, taleggio, eggs, parmigiano and parsley in a bowl and season with salt. Transfer the filling to a large pastry bag and refrigerate.nRoll out the dough. Cut the dough into four pieces. Flatten one piece slightly, then run it through the widest setting on a pasta roller twice, dusting with flour in between if it feels sticky. Fold the length of dough into thirds and run it through the roller two to three more times. Continue running the dough through the roller, reducing the width setting between each run, until you reach the secondtolast setting and the dough is about 116 inch thick. Repeat with the remaining pieces of dough. Layer half of the dough sheets between parchment paper, wrap in plastic wrap and freeze for up to 1 month youll only need half of the dough for the ravioli recipe.nAssemble the ravioli. Place the lengths of dough on a floured surface. Lightly brush the lower half of each strip the part closest to you with water. Snip the corner off the pastry bag pipe 1inch balls of filling, 2 inches apart, onto the lower half of each strip. Fold the dough over the filling to meet the bottom edge. Press around each ball of filling with your index fingers, making sure there are no air bubbles. Cut out the ravioli using a 2to3inch round fluted cutter. Transfer to a baking sheet dusted with semolina.nMake the sauce. Drizzle olive oil into a large deep pan. Add the pancetta and garlic and place over mediumhigh heat. When the garlic is light brown and fragrant, discard it. When the pancetta is crisp, add the mushrooms, season with salt and saute until the mushrooms are soft and wilted, about 5 minutes. Pour in the chicken stock, season with salt and cook until the sauce is reduced by half. Add the butter and cook, shaking the pan, until the sauce thickens and looks velvety. Season with salt, if necessary.nCook the ravioli. Bring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil add the ravioli and cook 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer with a skimmer or slotted spoon to the pan with the sauce. Bring the sauce to a boil, shaking the pan. Sprinkle in the cheese and swirl to combine. Garnish with chives and more cheese.nPhotographs by David A. Land, ingredients: [1 pound allpurpose flour about 3 34 cups, plus more for dusting, 5 large eggs, 3 to 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Semolina or polenta, for the baking sheet, 2 cups sheeps milk ricotta cheese, 1 cup diced taleggio cheese, 3 large eggs, 12 cup grated parmiggianoreggiano cheese, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 12 cup diced pancetta, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 cup each shiitake, oyster and cremini mushrooms, sliced, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup grated parmigianoreggiano cheese, plus more for garnish, 14 cup chopped fresh chives], title: RicottaTaleggio Ravioli with Wild Mushroom Sauce, picturelink: nf7ruUbCSo3j9IgosARKW9VRe4nZS}, 6837: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Season duck inside and out with salt and pepper. Put olives and lavender inside duck and truss or close with a skewer. Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add duck and saute on all sides until skin is golden brown. Transfer to a rack in a roasting pan. Mix 2 tablespoons of the honey with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Brush over duck and roast until juices run clear when duck is pricked deep in thigh about 45 minutes. About halfway through the roasting time, combine 1 tablespoon of pan drippings with the remaining 2 tablespoons of honey, and brush over duck. When duck is cooked, remove it from oven and let rest to 15 minutes in a warm place before carving and serving., ingredients: [1 female Muscovy duck, about 3 12 pounds, giblets, excess fat, and 2 wing joints removed, skin pricked, patted dry, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 12 cup nicoise oilcured black olives, 2 tablespoons dried lavender, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 tablespoons lavender honey], title: Lavender HoneyGlazed Roast Duck, picturelink: null}, 6838: {instructions: In a large saucepan over medium heat, add the oil. When the oil is hot add the onions, garlic and curry powder and saute until the onions are translucent. Add the chicken cubes and saute until cooked through. Stir in the carrots, cauliflower, potatoes, and celery and continue cooking for 5 minutes more. Add the tomato paste and flour and stir until incorporated. Pour in the chicken stock and coconut milk and stir until mixed thoroughly. Reduce the heat to a simmer, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook for another 30 minutes.nAt this point, check to see if the vegetables are cooked through and tender. To finish add the cilantro and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve with cooked rice, if desired.nCooks Note: for additional sweetness, shredded coconut can be toasted and served as a garnish. Also, if the curry seems a little thin, it can be thickened with a little cornstarch., ingredients: [14 cup grapeseed oil, 12 cup diced white onions, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 14 cup curry powder, or to taste, 4 boneless skinless chicken breast, diced into 1inch cubes, 12 cup diced carrots, 12 cup cauliflower florets, 12 cup diced potatoes, 12 cup diced celery, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 14ounce can coconut milk, unsweetened, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, Cooked rice, for serving, optional], title: Coconut Chicken, picturelink: null}, 6839: {instructions: Cook tripe with onion in milk for 2 hours. Let cool and mince once.nCombine tripe, beef, and pork in bowl. Add garlic and spices. Cover with a clean cloth and rest in the refrigerator overnight. Soak pigs casing in cold water, cover, and let stand overnight, refrigerated.nPlace cold water in saucepan and season with salt. Cut apples and potatoes into 14inch thick slices and add to pan. Cook, covered, for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, drain pigs casings and run warm water through it by placing one end over faucet.nAttach casing to end of sausage funnel on a mixer and place seasoned sausage meat onto the scoop. Gently force the sausage mixture through the funnel into the casing. When 12 inches long, tie ends of casing together, forming a ring. Repeat two more times, making sausage links slightly shorter each time, so they will all fit nicely inside each other in frying pan.nPlace in frying pan, the smaller rings inside the bigger ones. Cover with water and cook for 7 minutes. Drain and cool.nAdd clarified butter to pan. Prick sausages and add to pan. Cook 5 minutes, turning once.nDrain potatoes and apples and mash together. Season with salt and pepper and mix in butter. Return to heat to dry out slightly.nTo serve, scoop potatoes and apples onto platter. Place sausage rings on top., ingredients: [6 ounces tripe, 14 cup chopped onion, Milk, to cover tripe, 1 12ounce beef tenderloin, minced twice, 1 8ounce pork tenderloin, minced twice, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 12 teaspoon mace, 14 teaspoon thyme, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon sage, 12 teaspoon coriander, 1 teaspoon freshly ground salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 3 yards piping casing, 4 cups cold water, 1 teaspoon freshly ground salt, 4 sour apples, peeled and covered with water until needed, 2 sweet apples, peeled and covered with water until needed, 2 pounds potatoes, peeled, Clarified butter, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 12 cup butter], title: Rolpens Met Hatebliksem, picturelink: null}, 6840: {instructions: Toast the coriander and the cumin in a saute pan over medium heat until the spices become fragrant and just begin to smoke, 2 minutes. Set the spices aside to cool and then blend them in a spice grinder.nCombine the yogurt, lime, cumin, coriander, paprika, ginger, cinnamon, turmeric, cayenne, sugar, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl.nPoke the lamb several times with a fork and place in a large resealable plastic bag with the garlic and the onions and pour in the yogurt mixture. Move the lamb around in the bag to coat completely and place in the refrigerator to marinate for 4 to 6 hours.nRemove the lamb and the onions from the marinade and let sit at room temperature for about 20 minutes. Discard the marinade. Heat the grill to high, sear all sides of the lamb and adjust grill to indirect heat, about 350 degrees F. Grill the lamb for about 45 minutes per side for medium. When the lamb is cooked, remove it to a platter to rest for 15 minutes before cutting.nAdd the onions and the lime halves to the grill and cook until caramelized and tender, about 10 minutes. Remove the onions and the limes from the grill and set aside.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat, add the green beans and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from the pot to an ice bath to stop the cooking. Drain on a paper towels. Heat a large skillet over low heat and add the ghee and the green beans and allow to cook through. Squeeze the juice of 12 a grilled lime over the top, toss to coat and transfer to a platter. Garnish with the sesame seeds.nSlice the lamb and plate with the green beans and onions. Garnish with the remaining grilled limes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon whole coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon whole cumin seeds, 3 cups plain yogurt, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 4pound boneless lamb shoulder, butterflied, 3 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 onions, peeled and quartered with root end attached, 3 limes, cut in 12, 1 pound green beans, ends trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 tablespoons ghee, 2 tablespoons black sesame seeds], title: Grilled Tandoori Yogurt Marinated Lamb Shoulder with Grilled Onions and Green Beans, picturelink: BTlpk1yGAM8dh84Rbhkl16UxB4xi9oC}, 6841: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring, until browned and the fat has rendered, about 4 minutes. Add the green beans and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until the beans are just bright green. Add 2 tablespoons water and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until crisptender, about 6 minutes.nTransfer the beans to a serving dish and toss in the chives. Zest the lemon directly over the beans and season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 strips centercut bacon, finely chopped, 1 pound green andor wax beans, trimmed and cut into 12inchthick small coins, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons snipped chives, 1 lemon], title: Bacon and Chive Green Bean Coins, picturelink: imOtt1I9zSFrePCoOOOvmAhWIqKuYGy}, 6842: {instructions: MIXED GREENS: Put the mesclun greens in a large bowl and drizzle with vinaigrette recipe follows, mixing vinaigrette into the greens with your hand to lightly coat them to taste you can always add more. Put dressed greens on serving plates and top with a few grinds of black pepper and a sprinkle of Fleur de Sel to taste, if using. Use a knife or cheese shaver to shave cheese into thin shards. Distribute cheese over each salad and serve.nWINELOVING VINAIGRETTE: Combine mustard and vinegar in a mixing bowl and whisk to blend. Slowly add 23 tablespoons of the oil in a thin stream, whisking constantly until mixture thickens. Add remaining oil in a steady stream, continuing to whisk. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [6 cups mesclun greens, washed and dried, freshly cracked black pepper and Fleur de Sel, optional, 2 oz. Manchego cheese, approximately, 1 tsp. mustard, 2 Tbs. Spanish sherry vinegar or balsamic vinegar, 14cup extra virgin olive oil, salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mixed Greens with Shaved Manchego and WineLoving Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 6843: {instructions: Place the porcini mushrooms in a pot, cover with the stock and bring to a simmer. Reconstitute to tender, then remove with a slotted spoon and chop reserve with the liquid.nHeat a tablespoon of EVOO in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the guanciale and crisp. Remove with a slotted spoon, add the remaining EVOO, a few turns of the pan, and add the cremini mushrooms to brown, 10 minutes. Add the garlic, thyme, marjoram or oregano, chile, salt and pepper, stir 1 to 2 minutes, then add the tomato paste and stir a minute more. Add the marsala or wine and the reserved porcini stock, minus a few spoonfuls where grit may have settled. Add the porcini, guanciale or bacon and the tomatoes break up tomatoes a bit stir in the passata and, a few leaves of basil and simmer over low heat 40 to 45 minutes, stirring occasionally to thicken and combine flavors. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat the sauce, covered, over medium heat, stirring occasionally.nTo serve, bring a large pot of water to a boil for the pasta, add salt and cook the pasta to al dente, reserving a cup of starchy cooking water just before draining. Return the pasta to the hot pot and add the butter and half of the sauce toss to combine, adding some starchy cooking water if necessary to loosen the sauce. Serve the pasta in shallow bowls with the remaining mushroom marinara on top garnish with lots of cheese.nPlace the chicken in a large stockpot. Add the celery, carrot, onion, garlic, lemon, bay leaf, peppercorns and the herb bundle season with salt. Cover the chicken with water and bring to a boil reduce the heat to a low, rolling simmer. Simmer 60 to 75 minutes, then cool the chicken in its stock. Strain the stock. Remove the chicken in large pieces from the skin and bones. Cut half of the meat into bitesize chunks. Thinly slice or pull the remaining meat., ingredients: [A handful of dried porcini mushrooms about 1 ounce, 1 cup chicken stockpoaching liquid from Poached Chicken, recipe follows, 14 cup EVOO, 14 pound guanciale or bacon, chopped, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, chopped, 1 teaspoon marjoram or oregano scant 13 palmful, 1 fresh chile pepper, such as Fresno, finely chopped or 1 teaspoon dried flakes, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup marsala or dry red wine, One 28 to 32ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, 2 cups passata or tomato sauce, A few leaves of basil, torn, plus extra for garnish, 1 pound bucatini or spaghetti, 2 tablespoons butter, Grated pecorino cheese, for topping, One 4to 5pound chicken, 2 ribs celery, coarsely chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 onion, peeled and quartered, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, Herb bundle of parsley, rosemary and thyme tied with a string, Salt], title: Mushroom Lovers Marinara, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 6844: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a large pot filled with cold water. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to medium and cook until forktender, 35 to 40 minutes. Let the potatoes cool for 45 minutes they will still be warm but will hold their shape when sliced into 14inchthick rounds.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until crisp, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. With a slotted spoon, remove the bacon to a papertowellined plate set aside. Remove the drippings from the pan return 3 tablespoonfuls and discard the rest.nAdd the onions to the pan and sweat over medium heat until soft, about 6 minutes. Add the vinegar, mustard, sugar, 2 12 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and cook until fragrant, 1 minute more.nAdd the cooled potatoes, half the cooked bacon, half the scallions, half the parsley and the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil to the pan. Stir to combine and season with salt and pepper. Serve garnished with the remaining bacon, scallions and parsley., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes about 4, peeled, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces bacon, cut into 12inch strips, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 scallions, chopped, 1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped], title: Omas German Potato Salad, picturelink: jdtH8x61M36Z9DYkPHamC1IQVP921S}, 6845: {instructions: Preheat a convection oven to 325 degrees F, or preheat a regular oven to 350 degrees.nMelt the butter in a mediumsize heavy saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the corn syrup and sugar to the pan, increase the heat to medium, and cook until the syrup is simmering.nMeanwhile, mix the almonds and flour in a small bowl, and then add them to the simmering syrup. Stir with a wooden spoon until well blended, and then remove from heat.nPour mixture into bowl, using a rubber spatula to scrape, and then let cool.nLine a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Form into 1ounce balls for large cookies or 12ounce balls for small cookies, placing them on the parchment paper 3 inches apart from each other, as they will spread drastically. Bake until just starting to turn golden brown, about 5 to 8 minutes. The baking time will vary depending on what size the cookies are.nAs soon as you remove the cookies from the oven, shape them into cups by molding each cookie around the bottom of a small cup or glass. They must still be warm to hold this shape., ingredients: [6 ounces butter, 34 cups light corn syrup, 34 cups sugar, 12 ounces almonds, 6 ounces sliced, and 6 ounces ground in a food processor, 34 cups pastry flour], title: Florentine Cookies, picturelink: null}, 6846: {instructions: Special equipment: a ricer and deep fryernFor the baked potato croquettes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wash and bake the potato on a rimmed baking sheet or large pot, until fork tender, about 45 minutes. Cool and put through a ricer in a large bowl. Add the butter, bacon, sour cream, milk, green onion, salt, pepper. Mix together and form 4 balls. Place 1 piece of cheese in the center of each ball.nFor the egg wash: Whisk the egg and milk together in a shallow bowl. Place the flour in a second shallow bowl. Roll the balls in the flour and then the egg wash, then again in the flour.nFor frying: Heat the canola oil to 350 degrees F in a deep fryer or large pot. Deep fry the croquettes in batches in the oil until golden brown and hot in the middle, 3 to 4 minutes., ingredients: [1 extralarge potato, 2 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 13 cup chopped bacon, diced and rendered, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 1 green onion, sliced thin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cubes Cheddar or Jack cheese about 2 ounces, 1 egg, whisked, 1 tablespoon whole milk, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 quarts canola oil], title: Baked Potato Croquettes, picturelink: u9nxO4lIUzJC03ajmEyD7W2yZlQC2K}, 6847: {instructions: Place steaks in a shallow baking dish and cover with the steak sauce, let marinate for 2 hours, turning once. Preheat grill. Remove steaks from marinade and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes on each side for mediumrare . Remove and let rest. Brush onion slices and tomatoes with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill on both sides until just cooked through. Place spinach in a large bowl and toss with balsamic vinegar, olive oil and salt and pepper to taste. Divide the spinach among 4 large salad dishes or platters. Slice each steak into 12inch thick slices and fan on top of the spinach. Garnish with grilled tomatoes and onions and drizzle with Poblano Vinaigrette.nMix together in a small bowl until combined. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nCombine poblanos, onion and lime juice in a blender and blend until smooth. While the blender is running, add the oil slowly until emulsified. Add the spinach and blend until smoooth. Add the honey and season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 rib eye steaks 6 ounces each, 1 cup Mesa Steak sauce, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 vidalia onion, peeled and sliced into 12 inch thick slices, 4 plum tomatoes, sliced in half, Olive oil, 8 cups baby spinach, washed, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Poblano Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 cup ketchup, 14 cup horseradish, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 2 poblano pepers, roasted, peeled and seeded, 14 cup chopped red onion, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 34 cup olive oil, 12 cup spinach leaves, 1 teaspoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Steak Salad with Poblano Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 6848: {instructions: Whisk the flour, baking soda and salt together in a medium bowl. In a large bowl, beat the butter until smooth with an electric mixer. Pour in the honey, continuing to beat the entire time. Beat in the egg until fully combined. Mix in the peanut butter and vanilla until smooth and creamy, then stir in the dry ingredients until well combined. Cover and chill until firm, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Combine the sugar, chile flakes and peanuts in a medium bowl. Scoop a heaping tablespoon of dough and roll it into a ball. Roll in the sugar mixture to coat. Place on a prepared cookie sheet and press the top down to flatten with the back of a fork. Repeat with the remaining dough, leaving 2 inches between each cookie. Bake until golden and set, about 15 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet for 5 minutes, then remove to a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup hot honey, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 34 cup chunky peanut butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 13 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons chile flakes, 34 cup honey roasted peanuts, chopped], title: Hot Honey Peanut Butter Cookies, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 6849: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C.nIn a shallow bowl, combine flour, thyme, oregano, salt and pepper. Dredge the rabbit in the seasoned flour and set aside.nIn a large pot, fry the olive oil, garlic, rosemary and chilli to infuse the oil with their flavours. Remove the rosemary and chilli and set aside. Place the seasoned rabbit pieces in the pan and cook for 7 to 10 minutes, on both sides, until the meat is golden brown. Place the reserved rosemary, whole chillies and garlic back into the pan and add the olives, wine and chicken stock. Place in the oven and cook for 30 minutes.nWhen cooked, remove the rabbit from the pot with a slotted spoon and place on a platter. Reduce the remaining liquid on a high heat until it coats the back of the spoon and pour over the rabbit platter. Garnish with parsley. Serve with Caramelized Radicchio and Salsa Verde.nSlice the radicchio heads in half and saute in 2 tablespoons olive oil over low heat for 15 to 20 minutes, flipping periodically.nIn the meantime blend together the parsley, capers, anchovies, lemon and 1 cup olive oil in a blender. Drizzle the salsa verde over the cooked radicchio and serve with the rabbit., ingredients: [2 whole rabbits, cut into thigh sized pieces, 4 cups flour, 1 tablespoon minced thyme, 1 tablespoon minced oregano, Salt, Pepper, 4 generous tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, 1 bunch fresh rosemary, 2 whole red chiles, 1 12 cups black olives, 1 bottle white wine, 4 cups chicken stock, Parsley, for garnish, Caramelized Radicchio with Salsa Verde, recipe follows, 4 heads Traviso raddichio, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1 cup, 3 cups flat leaf parsley, 14 cup capers, 3 anchovy fillets, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Braised Rabbit with Caramelized Radicchio and Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 6850: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan to high.nPut cubed tuna in a mixing bowl with olive oil, salt and pepper. Toss to incorporate the seasoning. Skewer the tuna through the center half way down the skewer. Season again with salt and pepper. Sear on a very hot grill for 10 seconds on all sides. Cool and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 pounds sushigrade ahi tuna, cut into 1inch cubes, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Rosemary stems cut into skewers about 2inches long with leaves attached], title: Seared Tuna, picturelink: null}, 6851: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace flank steak, red wine vinegar, zest lime juice, cilantro, hot sauce, Worcestershire, salt and ground black pepper in a large plastic bag. Marinate for 1 hour in the refrigerator. Remove flank steak and pat dry. Place in freezer for 1 hour.nMeanwhile, prepare the sauce: Melt butter over medium heathigh heat in a sauce pot. Add flour, chipotle and adobo sauce, stir to combine. Add heavy cream slowly, stirring well with each addition to incorporate. Add cheese and stir until melted. Keep over low heat while finishing sandwich.nRemove flank steak from freezer and slice on the bias against the grain into 14inch thick pieces. Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a cast iron griddle or skillet, and saute the red peppers until they blacken around the edges, and soften, about 8 minutes. Remove from griddle and turn heat to mediumhigh, add more oil if necessary and sear steak in batches, about 2 minutes.nTo assemble the sandwiches: Cut bread loaves in half, leaving 1 side attached. Layer on avocado slices, top with flank steak, red pepper, and cilantro. Drizzle with chipotle cheese sauce and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound flank steak, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 chipotle chiles in adobo canned, chopped, 1 tablespoon adobo sauce from chipotle can, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 cup processed grated Cheddar, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more if needed for steak, 1 red bell pepper, cut into strips, 4 hoagie rolls, 1 avocado, pitted and flesh sliced 14inch thick, 1 cup cilantro leaves], title: Sunnys Cheesesteak, picturelink: cMVabOS64AGPfIoi96NlU5262qTPgtC}, 6852: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 9inch square baking pan.nIn a blender, puree the beans with the oil. Add the eggs, cocoa, sugar, coffee, and vanilla. Melt half the chocolate chips and add to the blender. Blend on mediumhigh until smooth. In a small bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Add to the blender and pulse until just incorporated. Stir in the remaining chocolate chips. Pour into the prepared pan. Bake until the surface looks somewhat matte around the edges and still a bit shiny in the middle, about 20 minutes. Let cool at least 15 minutes before cutting and removing from the pan. Dust with confectioners sugar and serve., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing pan, 34 cup cooked black beans, 12 cup vegetable oil, or olive oil, 2 eggs, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 23 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon instant coffee or espresso, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup mini chocolate chips, divided, 13 cup flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Black Bean Brownies, picturelink: GETaQ01hrikvCdyYOwIrMpjPwPudO}, 6853: {instructions: Mix all together.nDrop 5 or 6 teaspoons of batter into a frying pan 12 full of oil. Fry till golden brown. Drain on brown paper. Coat with powdered sugar or sugar and cinnamon. ENJOY, ingredients: [1 cup cold mashed potatoes, 2 tablespoons Crisco, 12 cup milk, 3 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 3 teaspoons baking powder], title: Golden Crullers, picturelink: null}, 6854: {instructions: For the meringue: Heat 1inch water in a 4quart saucepan, covered, over high heat until it simmers, about 8 minutes. Decrease the heat to maintain a simmer.nCombine the sugar and whites in the bowl of a stand mixer and set over the simmering water. Whisk continually until the sugar has dissolved and the mixture lightens in color, doubles in volume, and reaches 140 degrees F, 3 to 4 minutes.nPlace the bowl on the stand mixer and, using the whisk attachment, whisk on high until stiff peaks form and the meringue has cooled slightly, approximately 7 minutes. Set aside.nTo form and cook the oeufs: Place the milk, 2 tablespoons of the sugar, and vanilla bean into a 2quart saucier, cover, and set over high heat. Bring the mixture just to a simmer, approximately 5 minutes. Uncover, decrease the heat to low, and maintain a temperature of 180 to 190 degrees F.nUse a 112 ounce disher to scoop the meringue, 4 at a time, into the milk, and poach for 3 minutes. Gently flip with a slotted spoon and cook until firm to the touch, another 3 minutes. Remove to a tea towellined half sheet pan. Repeat with the remaining meringue mixture, maintaining the temperature of the milk to make sure it does not boil. Hold the meringues at room temperature until ready to serve, or store in an airtight container over night. Can be made a day ahead and stored, and kept covered in the refrigerator. Decrease the heat to low and keep the milk warm in the pan.nTo finish the neige: Whisk together the egg yolks, kosher salt, and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar in a medium mixing bowl until well combined and slightly lightened in color, approximately 2 minutes. Slowly add half of the milk mixture, whisking constantly. Return the entire mixture to the saucepan over low heat, and stir frequently with a spatula or wooden spoon until the sauce has thickened slightly and coats the back of the spatula or spoon, 8 to 9 minutes. You should be able to draw a line on the back of the utensil with your finger.nStrain the sauce through the fine mesh strainer into a bowl set over an ice water bath and stir until chilled. Can be made a day ahead and stored, covered in the refrigerator.nTo serve: Spoon a small amount of sauce into the center of a shallow bowl and top with 2 oeufs. Sprinkle on pistachios, if desired., ingredients: [8 ounces granulated sugar, 4 ounces pasteurized egg whites, room temperature, 3 cups whole milk, 14 cup granulated sugar, divided, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 4 ounces pasteurized egg yolks, Pinch kosher salt, 13 cup chopped pistachios, optional], title: Oeufs a la Neige, picturelink: r4O8TGeV93iyTBdNC2NcIP7YLvE6S}, 6855: {instructions: Puree 1 avocado, 12 cup sour cream or crema, 14 cup canned chopped green chiles, the juice of 1 lime and 12 clove garlic until smooth. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: AvocadoChile Spread, picturelink: ygDbqvtbrCAMzolgyzmNatz5IZ1IKqi}, 6856: {instructions: Heat grill to high. Brush pork with oil and season with salt, pepper, and cumin, to taste. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the tenderloins over and brush with guava glaze and cook another 4 to 5 minutes, brushing with the glaze every few minutes. Remove from the grill, brush with more of the glaze and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice into 12inch thick slices and drizzle with the OrangeHabanero Mojo. Garnish with mint sprigs.nWhisk together ingredients in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a saucepan, combine citrus juices, onion, garlic, habanero, and cumin. Cook over medium heat until reduced by 12 and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Strain., ingredients: [2 pork tenderloins, about 1 12 pounds each, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Ground cumin, Guava Glaze, recipe follows, OrangeHabanero Mojo, recipe follows, Mint sprigs, for garnish, 1 cup guava marmalade, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons orange juice or water, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 3 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup sour orange juice optional, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 habanero chile, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon whole cumin seed, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Pork Tenderloin with Guava Glaze and OrangeHabanero Mojo, picturelink: null}, 6857: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9inch springform pan.nPut the chocolate and butter into the top of a double boiler or in a heatproof bowl and heat over but not touching about 1 inch of simmering water until melted. Meanwhile, whisk the egg yolks with the sugar in a mixing bowl until light yellow in color. Whisk a little of the chocolate mixture into the egg yolk mixture to temper the eggs  this will keep the eggs from scrambling from the heat of the chocolate then whisk in the rest of the chocolate mixture.nBeat the egg whites in a mixing bowl until stiff peaks form and fold into the chocolate mixture. Pour into the prepared pan spray the bottom with nonstick spray and bake until the cake is set, the top starts to crack, and a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out with moist crumbs clinging to it, 20 to 25 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes, then unmold.nWhile the cake is cooking, make the whipped cream. Whip the cream until it becomes light and fluffy. Dust the cake with confectioners sugar.nServe at room temperature with the whipped cream., ingredients: [1 pound bittersweet chocolate, chopped into small pieces, 1 stick unsalted butter see Cooks Note, 9 large eggs, separated, 34 cup granulated sugar, plus 1 tablespoon, 2 cups heavy cream, cold, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Cracked Chocolate Earth with Whipped Cream Flourless Chocolate Cake, picturelink: K8DYRQ9noAGTUuoxNRhFOjctyJWCpdq}, 6858: {instructions: Heat skillet, place butter in pan. Once melted mix in apples, sugar, cinnamon, salt, coating apples well. Saute in skillet for 10 minutes on medium heat., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 sliced Granny Smith apples, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 pinch salt], title: Fried Apples, picturelink: null}, 6859: {instructions: Heat 3 cups milk, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla and a pinch of salt in a medium saucepan over medium heat, whisking, until the milk is steaming and the sugar dissolves. Gradually add 4 ounces each chopped semisweet and bittersweet chocolate, whisking until melted. Cook, whisking occasionally, until smooth. Note: This is an extrathick Europeanstyle hot chocolate. Serve with mini marshmallows, peppermint sticks, whipped cream, mini chocolate chips, toasted coconut or other toppings.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [], title: Holiday Hot Chocolate, picturelink: MyoHu1aps9pKFndP6r3ZbfnKJ6iyzd2}, 6860: {instructions: 1. Heat oil and Mrs. Dashu00ae Original Blend over high heat.n2. Add carrots and broccoli, cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Add mushrooms and snow peas and cook for 2 more minutes.n3. Add tomato wedges and red wine vinegar, stir for another minute or until vegetables are crisptender., ingredients: [2 Tbsp. canola oil, 1 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Original Blend, 2 medium carrots, thinly sliced diagonally, 2 cups broccoli florets, 2 cups fresh, sliced mushrooms, 6 oz snow peas, 1 small tomato, cut into wedges, 1 Tbsp. red wine vinegar], title: Vegetable Stir Fry, picturelink: hPTK28V3evFMJszc.mKs9hFVqacj36}, 6861: {instructions: Put the curry, cumin, fennel, peppercorns, cayenne, and salt in a spice mill or clean coffee grinder. Grind to a fine powder and set aside.nRinse the calamari tubes under cool water and pat dry. Split the bodies from top to bottom so you have 2 triangular pieces from each. Put the calamari, lobster, and prawns on a platter and drizzle with a nice dose of olive oil so the seafood is well coated season with a fair amount of salt and pepper.nPlace a large grill pan on 2 burners over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill and get it very hot. Take a few paper towels and fold them several times to make a thick square. Blot a small amount of oil on the paper towel then carefully and quickly wipe the ridges of the grill pan or the hot grates of the grill. Place the lobster on the grill, shellside up, and cook for 5 minutes until the shell begins to turn reddishorange. Turn the lobster tails over and lay the calamari, prawns, green onions, and limes cut sidedown on the grill too until everything is slightly charred. Grill the calamari for 2 minutes per side, and no longer, otherwise they will get rubbery.nPut the grilled mixed seafood and green onions on a large platter and sprinkle a little of the spice mix all over. Squeeze the grilled limes over the shellfish and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon cumin seed, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 8 small whole calamari tubes, cleaned, tentacles removed, 4 lobster tails, cracked in 12, 8 prawns, heads and shells on, cut down the back, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 bunches green onions, 4 limes, halved], title: Spiced Mixed Grill with Grilled Lime, picturelink: null}, 6862: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place a baking sheet in to the oven.nCombine all falafel ingredients, including the Chickpea Salad, in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the blade attachment. Pulse mixture until coarsely ground.nUsing your hands, form the falafel mixture into balls about the size of walnuts and set aside. If the falafel mixture sticks to your hands dip them in cold water in between rolling each ball.nRemove the baking sheet from the oven and spray with nonstick cooking spray. Place the falafel onto the sheet pan and bake for 15 to 20 minutes, turning halfway through the cooking, to brown on both sides.nPlace on a serving platter and serve with yogurt sauce on the side.nAdd all the sauce ingredients to a small bowl and combine well.nCombine all ingredients in a large mixing bowl and toss to combine., ingredients: [2 cups leftover chickpea salad, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup plain yogurt, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 19ounce cans chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 1 carrot, grated, 12 red onion, diced, 12 green bell pepper, diced, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Round 2 Recipe  Baked Falafel with Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: null}, 6863: {instructions: Melt butter in saucepan. Add milk and remove from heat. Crumble yeast into a large mixing bowl. In a small bowl, mix together sugar and cardamom. Add sugar cardamom mixture to the yeast and add milk mixture. Stir in the flour a little at a time and work dough until smooth and shiny. Cover and let rise for 10 minutes.nTo make the filling, combine butter, sugar, cinnamon and nuts.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTurn dough out onto a board and knead well. Divide into 4 parts. Roll each piece into a 14 by 8inch rectangle. Spread with filling. Roll up from the long side and place on a baking sheet. Clip each at 1inch intervals with a scissors held perpendicular to the top. Pull each cut out to the sides, alternately, to make a pattern exposing the filling. Brush with beaten egg and sprinkle with pearl sugar and chopped almonds.nBake for 15 to 20 minutes. Do not overbrown, ingredients: [12 tablespoons butter, 2 cups milk, 1 2ounce yeast cake, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 6 cups flour, 6 tablespoons butter or margarine, softened, 12 cup sugar, 12 tablespoon cinnamon, 12 cup chopped or ground almonds, 1 egg, beaten, 12 cup pearl sugar, 12 cup chopped almonds], title: Andersonville Coffeecake, picturelink: null}, 6864: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nWash the okra under cool water. Cut off the stems and slice each pod crosswise into 12inch rounds.nCombine the okra and the rest of the ingredients in a large heavy ovenproof pot, not cast iron. Mix well. Cover the pot with a lid. Bake, stirring occasionally, for 1 12 to 2 hours, or until the slime has disappeared. Bake, uncovered, for the last 15 minutes of the cooking time. The time will vary, depending on the tenderness of the okra. Remove the bay leaves.nServe immediately or let cool completely and store in freezer containers., ingredients: [2 pounds okra, 3 cups chopped onions, 2 cups chopped celery, 3 cups chopped, peeled, and seeded tomatoes, or 3 cups chopped canned tomatoes, 5 bay leaves, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic], title: Smothered Okra and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 6865: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat the butter in a heavy medium saute pan over high heat. Add the garlic and saute 10 seconds. Add the shrimp and saute until cooked through, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and let cool slightly.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the Guajillo Salsa over medium heat until warm.nIn a separate medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat, pour enough vegetable oil to come 1inch up the sides of the pan. Fry the tortillas until slightly golden but still pliable. Then transfer to the pan with the salsa, turning the tortillas in the salsa until fully coated.nTransfer the salsacoated tortillas to a baking sheet its kind of messy so doing it on a baking sheet keeps it clean. Add a couple tablespoons of sauteed shrimp and a sprinkle of Oaxaca cheese. Roll up like a cigar and place in an 11by7inch glass baking dish. Repeat with 7 or 8 tortillas, fitting snuggly into the dish.nPour the remaining sauce over the prepared enchiladas There should be some sauce left in the saucepan to top the enchiladas. If necessary, whisk in 2 tablespoons of water or chicken broth to increase the yield. Top with the remaining Oaxaca cheese.nBake in the oven until the cheese melts, about 20 minutes. Drizzle with crema and serve.nIn a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, place 4 cups water, the guajillo chilies, garlic cloves and white onion and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to simmer until the chiles are soft and tender, about 25 minutes. Transfer the boiled vegetables, the tomato and 2 cups of the boiling liquid to a large blender and set aside to cool before blending. Process until smooth. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and a pinch of black pepper.nIn a medium, heavy saucepan, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat. Strain the pureed guajillo salsa into the pan. Add the bay leaf and simmer until thickened, about 10 minutes. Taste for seasoning, adding additional salt and pepper as desired.nReserve for enchiladas and pork., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 ounces raw shrimp, peeled, deveined, tail off and chopped to 12inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups Guajillo Salsa, recipe follows, Vegetable oil, for frying, 8 corn tortillas, 2 12 cups shredded Oaxaca cheese or dry mozzarella, 14 cup Mexican crema or softened sour cream, for serving, optional, 24 guajillo chiles, stemmed, seeded and deveined, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 12 medium white onion, peeled, 1 vine ripened tomato, boiled 30 seconds, peeled and seeded, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 bay leaf], title: Shrimp Enchiladas with Guajillo Salsa, picturelink: null}, 6866: {instructions: Special equipment: a trifle bowlnCombine 1 container hummus and all but 14 cup of the artichoke hearts in a food processor. Puree until very smooth, about 5 minutes, scraping down the bowl as needed. Spread the artichoke hummus layer in the bottom of the trifle bowl. Sprinkle with all but 2 tablespoons of the olives. Rinse out the food processor bowl and blade and wipe dry.nCombine 1 container hummus with all but 2 tablespoons of the sundried tomatoes and 2 tablespoons water in the food processor. Puree until very smooth, about 5 minutes, scraping down the bowl as needed. Drop dollops of the sundried tomato hummus over the olives, working around the outside first. Use a spatula to spread the mixture out to the side of the bowl, then spread the mixture towards the center. This will keep the olives from being dragged around. Sprinkle the layer with all but 14 cup of the cucumbers. Rinse out the food processor bowl and wipe dry.nCombine the remaining container of hummus with all but 2 tablespoons of the basil in the food processor. Puree until very smooth, about 5 minutes, scraping down the bowl as needed. Spread the basil hummus over the cucumber layer in the same manner as the previous layer. Sprinkle with all but 14 cup of the chickpeas.nSpread the yogurt over the chickpea layer. Chop the remaining artichoke hearts, sundried tomatoes and basil. Sprinkle the mixture over the top of the yogurt along with the olives, chickpeas and cucumbers.nServe with a large spoon and pita chips., ingredients: [Three 10ounce containers plain hummus, One 14ounce can artichoke hearts, drained well, 1 14 cups kalamata olives, chopped, One 12ounce jar sundried tomatoes in oil, drained well, One English cucumber, diced into 14inch cubes about 3 cups, One cup packed fresh basil leaves about 1 bunch, One 15ounce can chickpeas, drained, 1 cup plain Greek yogurt, Pita chips, for serving], title: Mediterranean Hummus Trifle, picturelink: XRO6n7sxUd8YHFWZf3LzLBM2UU5qzG}, 6867: {instructions: Whisk the flour, cocoa, baking powder, cinnamon, orange zest, and salt together in a large bowl.nIn another medium bowl, briskly whisk the eggs, sugar and melted butter together until smooth and evenly combined.nMake a well in the center of the dry ingredients and pour in the egg mixture. Gradually whisk the liquid into the flour to make a thick batter. When the pizelle batter starts to clump up in the whisk, switch to a rubber spatula to finish mixing it together. If you have a large pastry bag, put a big round tip in it, and fill with the pizelle batter.nPreheat a pizzelle iron until a drop of water sizzles on the hot surface, about 10 minutes. Lightly spray the hot surface with nonstick cooking spray. Pipe or spoon about a tablespoon of the batter into the center of each cookie imprint. Close the iron and cook until whiffs of steam comes from the iron, about 30 to 45 seconds. Open and remove cookie from the iron, cool on a rack. Repeat with remaining batter.nPut the chocolate and butter in a microwave safe bowl. Cover and microwave on medium power until soft and melted, about 3 minutes depending on the power of your oven stir until smooth. Alternatively, put the chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Bring a saucepan filled with 1inch or so of water to a very slow simmer set the bowl on the pan without touching the water. Stir occasionally until melted and smooth. Stir in mint extract.nTo serve pipe a tablespoon of the mint filling into the center of half the cookies. Top with another cookie and press to sandwich them together. Serve now or keep tightly covered for up to 1 week.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, cooled to room temperature, Vegetable oil spray, Confectioners sugar, for dusting cookies, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon mint extract], title: Chocolate Peppermint Pizzelle, picturelink: VrdqM.y678zRiEQgJtRve5b83kJBp6}, 6868: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil to 350 degrees F. in a deepfryer or Dutch oven.nIn a 1quart mixing bowl, stir the cornmeal, flour, onion, jalapeno, corn, and eggs, until blended. Allow to stand 5 minutes.nDrop the batter by teaspoonfuls into the hot oil. Dont overcrowd leave room for the hushpuppies to be turned. Cook the hushpuppies until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove from the oil with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Keep the cooked hushpuppies warm in an oven while cooking the remaining batter. Lightly sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste, and transfer them to a serving dish. Serve with Paula Deens Sweet and Spicy Chili Sauce, if desired., ingredients: [1 12 quarts peanut oil, for frying, 1 12 cups selfrising cornmeal, 1 cup selfrising flour, 12 cup chopped onion, 1 7ounce can diced jalapeno peppers, drained or 34 cup fresh jalapenos, seeded and finely diced, 1 15ounce can creamed corn, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Paula Deens Sweet and Spicy Chili Sauce, for dipping, optional], title: Jalapeno Hushpuppies, picturelink: rRKb8zQ6BrW6ubwQp844skRphZ1lAm}, 6869: {instructions: Cut potatoes in half and place in a pot. Cover with water and bring to a boil. Work on other dishes while you are waiting for the water to boil.nWhen water boils, add the potatoes and some salt, 2 big pinches, and boil for 10 minutes or until tender. Drain and return potatoes to the hot pot. Smash potatoes with masher and combine with sour cream and cheese. When cheese melts into potatoes, add chives and salt and pepper and resmash. Taste the potatoes and adjust seasonings., ingredients: [2 to 2 14 pounds baby Yukon gold potatoes, 14 cup sour cream, 2 cups shredded Cheddar, 3 tablespoons chives, chopped or snipped, Salt and black pepper], title: Cheesy Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: clniMpUh95XxmkeaSXSieGZBnimNnC}, 6870: {instructions: In a small saucepan bring 1 cup water to a boil with 1 tablespoon of the oil and the salt, stir in the couscous, and let the mixture stand off the heat, covered, for 5 minutes. Stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons oil, the vinegar, the celery, the Parmesan, the scallion, the orange juice, the parsley and salt and black pepper to taste and let the mixture cool to room temperature. Press about 2 tablespoons of the couscous mixture in the palm of one hand, forming a log, and arrange it across a short end of 1 roast beef slice. Arrange 1 pepper strip along each side of the log and roll up the couscous and the bell pepper in the same manner. The rolls may be prepared 8 hours in advance and kept wrapped in plastic wrap and chilled. Line a platter with the lettuce and arrange the rolls on top., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup couscous, 2 tablespoons redwine vinegar, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 14 cup thinly sliced scallion, 3 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, Salt and pepper, 1 pound thinly sliced rare roast beef, 1 red bell pepper, cut lengthwise into 14inchthick strips, Bibb lettuce leaves, rinsed and spun dry, for garnish], title: Roast Beef and Couscous Rolls, picturelink: null}, 6871: {instructions: Place the plum tomatoes, olive oil and lemon juice in a large mixing bowl. Add the couscous and mix thoroughly.nSince there is no cooking involved, it is essential that theres an excessive amount of liquid in the bowl. The liquids will act as a cooking agent for the couscous. The couscous will absorb all the liquids, puff up and become very flavorful.nAdd the red onion, red and yellow peppers, cherry tomatoes, and the basil to the bowl. Mix well. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let the mixture sit in the refrigerator for a few hours for all the flavors to amalgamate., ingredients: [2 cups canned plum tomatoes with juices, chopped, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 cups couscous, 1 red onion, chopped, 1 red pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 yellow pepper, seeded and chopped, 10 cherry tomatoes, quartered, Bunch fresh basil leaves, torn, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cous Cous alla Panzanella, picturelink: null}, 6872: {instructions: For the burgers: Cut parchment or waxed paper into four 6inch squares. Chop the scallions in a food processor. Add the salmon, lemon zest and juice, and pulse until finely chopped, with some small pieces remaining. Divide the salmon into four mounds on the parchment squares. Shape the salmon into patties, about 4 12inches wide, being mindful not to over handle. Either cook right away or cover and refrigerate the burgers for a few hours before cooking.nWhen ready to cook, preheat grill to medium heat, 375 to 400 degrees F.nSprinkle the tops of the burgers with salt and pepper. Grease the preheated grill with oil and carefully flip the burgers onto the grill, parchmentside up. Peel off the parchment and sprinkle the other side of burgers with salt and pepper. Cook until the centers begin to turn pale pink and the burgers release from the grill, about 5 minutes. Flip and cook through, about 3 minutes. For the mayonnaise: Combine the mayonnaise and Sriracha.nServe the burgers in buns or lettuce wraps. Top with the mayonnaise and serve with the lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 scallions, cut into 4 pieces, 1 14 pounds wild Alaskan salmon, skinned, boned and cut into 6 chunks, 1 lemon, zest finely grated, half juiced, half cut into wedges, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oil, for greasing, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 12 teaspoons Sriracha, Hamburger buns or lettuce, for serving], title: 5Ingredient Grilled Salmon Burgers with Sriracha Mayonnaise, picturelink: aaLA8lnoHGw6HhxWw7DiXDvyYBxF0y}, 6873: {instructions: For the tomatoes: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a heavy baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray, and set aside.nToss the tomatoes, oil and salt together. Arrange the tomatoes in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Roast until the skins blister and turn dark brown in places, 20 minutes. Set aside to cool.nFor the fettuccine: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and place in a large serving bowl.nIn a blender, combine the red wine, 1 teaspoon salt, the red pepper flakes, black pepper, garlic, canned tomatoes plus juices. Blend until smooth. Pour the mixture into a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Add the thyme and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce has thickened slightly, 20 minutes.nToss together the pasta, tomato sauce, roasted tomatoes, peas and chopped basil. Arrange the cheese on top and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 2 cups grape or small cherry tomatoes about 10 ounces, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Kosher salt, 1 pound whole wheat or brown rice fettuccine pasta, 12 cup red wine, such as pinot noir, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, One 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes in tomato juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 13 cup chopped fresh basil, One 8ounce ball fresh mozzarella cheese, drained and diced, or 8 ounces ciliengine, drained], title: Whole Wheat Fettuccine with Roasted Tomatoes, Peas and Fresh Mozzarella, picturelink: null}, 6874: {instructions: 1. In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat.n2. Add Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated.n3. Using 12 cup measuring cup coated with cooking spray divide warm cereal mixture into portions. Using buttered hands shape each portion into ghost shape. Cool. Decorate bottoms with coconut.n4. Use frosting to attach candies for ghost eyes and mouth. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS:nIn microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Follow steps 2 through 4 above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 package 10 oz., about 40 regular marshmallows OR 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 6 cups Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae cereal, Flaked coconut, Canned frosting or decorating gel, 36 MMSu00ae Brand Chocolate Candies], title: Fright Krispies Treatsandtrade, picturelink: zFv9ERNSuxXkKayREK491qMv4bhdD.}, 6875: {instructions: Pulverize star anise, coriander, parsley flakes, dried chives, tobarashi, garlic powder, and salt with a mortar and pestle, in a spice mill, or with a coffee grinder dedicated to spices. Coat shrimp with rub, cover and refrigerate for 1 hour.nMix soy sauce, vinegar, brown sugar, lemon juice, lime juice, ginger juice, and chives and make sure brown sugar has dissolved. Add parsley and refrigerate.nHeat grill. Skewer shrimp and grill them until they are pink and just turn opaque. Place in a nonreactive container and cover with Ponzu sauce. Chill for 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [9 star anise, 1 teaspoon coriander, 1 tablespoon dried parsley flakes, 2 teaspoons dried chives, 1 teaspoon tobarashi Japanese 7spice, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 pounds 16 to 20 size shrimp, deveined, 6 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 6 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 teaspoons ginger juice from a jar of pickled ginger, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon minced parsley leaves, About 4 dozen bamboo skewers soaked in water to prevent burning on grill], title: Star AniseRubbed Grilled Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 6876: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the eggplant in half lengthwise, oil the cut sides and place on a baking sheet. Bake until very soft, 45 minutes to an hour. When cool enough to handle, scoop the pulp out with a large spoon and reserve.nPlace a skillet over medium heat and add the oil. When its hot, add the ginger, coriander, cumin, fennel, cardamom, paprika, salt and pepper and cook for 1 minute. Add the almonds and stir well, letting them toast a bit in the hot oil. Scrape into a bowl, add the eggplant pulp, cilantro and mayonnaise and mix gently. Serve with cut vegetables, bread sticks or flat bread., ingredients: [1 large eggplant, 4 tablespoons grapeseed oil, plus more for oiling the eggplant, 2 tablespoons grated ginger, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground fennel, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, A pinch of salt, A pinch of pepper, 3 tablespoons ground almonds, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, Serving suggestions: carrot sticks, trimmed green beans, trimmed asparagus spears, bread sticks or crispy flat bread.], title: Ginger Almond Eggplant Dip, picturelink: null}, 6877: {instructions: Mix the candy into the ice cream.nUsing an ice cream scoop, divide the ice cream among the flat sides of 8 of the cookies. Top the ice cream with the remaining cookies, flat sides down, and press down gently. Roll the edges of the sandwiches in the candy sprinkles. Freeze the icecream sandwiches, covered, for at least 1 hour or overnight., ingredients: [12 cup chopped English toffee candy bar Recommended: Heath Bar, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, slightly softened in the microwave, 16 chocolate chip cookies, Multicolored candy sprinkles], title: Chocolate Chip Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 6878: {instructions: Cut prosciutto into 1inch strips. Wrap prosciutto around each grape and skewer with a toothpick.nTIP: FROZEN GRAPES 1 bunch white seedless grapes Separate grapes from the vine and place in a sealable freezer bag. Place in freezer for 3 hours, and up to 2 weeks. Remove from bag and enjoy., ingredients: [12 pound prosciutto, thinly sliced, 1 medium bunch white seedless grapes, separated, 1 medium bunch seedless red grapes, separated], title: Grapes Wrapped in Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 6879: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a small bowl. Mash tamarind paste and mix well with other ingredients. Strain into another small bowl, gently pushing any thick paste and tamarind seeds against the strainer with a spoon or spatula to get as much paste as possible, and to get a smooth consistency. Set glaze aside.nPrepare grill to mediumhot heat. In a large bowl combine first 7 ingredients mixing gently with hands or spoon. Add cilantro, basil, mint, lime zest, salt and pepper mixing gently with hands or spoon. Form into 6 patties.nBrush grill with toasted sesame oil. Place patties on grill. Cook until brown, about 4 minutes, then turn over. Brush with sesame oil and then baste with glaze. Cook until juices run clear when meat is pierced in the center, about 5 minutes depending on thickness. Toast buns lightly, while patties are cooking on the outer edges of the grill.nServe placing some watercress or arugula the bottom half of the buns, then cooked patties and top with a little more tamarind glaze, cucumber slices, red pepper rings and top half of buns., ingredients: [14 cup plus 2 tablespoons tamarind paste wrapped in plastic with seeds or in jar, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon Sutter Home Sauvignon Blanc, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 pound ground pork, 1 pound ground chicken preferably 12 thigh meat and 12 breast meat, mixed, 6 scallions thinly sliced, just white and pale green parts, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon fresh ginger, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Sutter Home Sauvignon Blanc, 14 cup fresh cilantro, chopped, no stems, 14 cup fresh Thai basil or regular basil leaves, chopped, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, chopped, 2 teaspoons lime zest, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil for grilling, 6 sesame hamburger buns, 1 large bunch watercress or arugula, 1 hot house cucumber, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced crosswise, making rings], title: Tamarind Glazed Thai Burgers Sutter Home Build a Better Burger Contest Runner Up, picturelink: null}, 6880: {instructions: Make Classic Shortbread dough, beating 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon and 12 teaspoon ground cardamom with the butter. Pat into a 14inchthick square on parchment paper, then cut into 1inch squares and chill 30 minutes. Sprinkle with cinnamonsugar and bake 12 to 15 minutes at 375 degrees., ingredients: [], title: Spiced Shortbread, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 6881: {instructions: Put the stock and bay leaf in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, and turn off the heat.nMelt the butter in a saute pan and fry the onions for 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook until shrunken, dark and golden. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Sprinkle over the flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the wine and cook until it disappears. Pour over the stock, add the chicken and cook, stirring, until the sauce thickens, about 3 minutes. Stir in the creme fraiche and mustard. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in the parsley.nSpoon the chicken mixture into the vol au vent shells and serve., ingredients: [1 cup250 ml chicken stock, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 onion or large shallot, minced, 4 ounces110 g mushrooms, trimmed and chopped we used oyster, and ripped them, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, A splash of white wine about 2 tablespoons, 2 cooked chicken breasts, diced, 14 cup60 ml creme fraiche, 1 to 2 teaspoons mustard, Salt and pepper, A few handfuls of chopped fresh parsley, 6 vol au vent shells], title: Vol au Vents, picturelink: null}, 6882: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a glass trifle dishnFor the pork chops: Combine the salt, brown sugar, smoked paprika, cayenne pepper, onion powder and black pepper in a small bowl. Season the pork chops on both sides with the spice mixture, cover with plastic wrap and let sit at room temperature for 1 hour.nFor the blue cheese dressing: Meanwhile, whisk the sour cream, milk, mayonnaise, lemon zest and some salt and pepper in a medium bowl until smooth. Fold in the blue cheese so the crumbles do not come apart. Refrigerate the dressing until you serve the salad.nHeat a large cast iron skillet over medium high heat, then add enough olive oil to coat the bottom of the pan heat. Add the pork chops and cook until golden brown on both sides and a meat thermometer reads 145 degrees F., 6 to 8 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate and let rest 5 minutes.nFor the layered salad: Heat a medium cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the bacon and cook, turning once, until crispy, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain on a paper towel lined plate and crumble.nTo assemble the salad: Slice the pork chops 1 12inches thick. Put a layer of lettuce in the bottom of the trifle dish, then layer in the spinach, grape tomatoes, onion, hardboiled eggs, crumbled bacon and peas in that order. Repeat the layers and then top with the pork chops. Serve with the blue cheese dressing., ingredients: [1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon sweet smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon black pepper, Three 8ounce bonein loin pork chops, 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup milk, 12 cup mayonnaise, Zest of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup blue cheese crumbles, 8 slices bacon, 2 heads Romaine lettuce, chopped, 2 cups spinach, stems removed, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved, 1 medium red onion, chopped, 3 hardboiled eggs, chopped, 2 cups frozen peas, thawed], title: Pork Chop Layered Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: iQoYj5M2wV8jsFVzL2m9cST45jZPxu}, 6883: {instructions: Toss the tilapia, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon of the garlic and 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes in a medium bowl. Cover and refrigerate.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the remaining garlic and 14 to 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the garlic starts to soften, about 30 seconds. Add the wine and simmer until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, 14 cup basil and 12 cup water. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is slightly thickened, about 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs.nWhen the pasta is almost done, add the tilapia to the skillet with the tomato sauce and simmer, stirring gently, until just cooked through, about 3 minutes. Stir in the parsley and the remaining 14 cup basil season with salt. Drain the pasta and add it to the sauce. Divide among bowls and top with more basil.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [12 pound tilapia fillets, cut into small chunks, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 to 34 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 28ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, plus more for topping, Kosher salt, 10 ounces multigrain spaghetti, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Spicy Pasta With Tilapia, picturelink: eCMVYAfM.q7nIRjiHKodOafhU6m3C}, 6884: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, beat together 1 egg with a generous pinch of salt and pepper. Whisk in 1 tablespoon canola oil. Add half the spaghetti reserve the other half for Round 2 Recipe Spinach and Mushroom Pasta. Toss it well to coat and press it into a 9inch deep dish pie pan to form a crust.nIn a skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the remaining oil. When it is hot, add the onion and cook until it is softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and set aside reserve half the cooked onions for the Round 2 Recipe Spinach and Mushroom Pasta.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the remaining 2 eggs, milk, Italian seasoning, and salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the cheese, spinach reserve 34 cup spinach for Round 2 Recipe Spinach and Mushroom Pasta, and remaining half of the cooked onions. Pour the mixture on top of the spaghetti pie crust, top with tomato slices, and sprinkle with Parmesan. Place onto a baking sheet and bake until the pie is set and golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [3 large eggs, divided, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, divided, 1 16ounce box spaghetti, cooked according to package directions, drained, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 14 cup milk, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 12 4ounce package crumbled feta cheese, 2 10ounce packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained, 1 plum tomato, sliced thin, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Spinach and Pasta Pie, picturelink: y2YBJSosnIknWp4UCDb.i.JAeW7gVm}, 6885: {instructions: Spray a sheet tray with foil and spray with nonstick spray.nAdd vanilla sugar, water, cinnamon, and allspice to a large saucepan over medium high heat. Bring to a boil, then simmer until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. The mixture will start looking dark and thick.nQuickly stir in the walnuts to the simmering syrup. Cook in the syrup while stirring until it begins to bubble and thicken. Spread the candy in a single layer to the prepared sheet tray breaking up large clusters with a wooden spoon. Let cool completely, about 510 minutes until the candied harden and the syrup dries. Break apart and enjoy., ingredients: [12 cup vanilla sugar, 12 cup water, 12 teaspoon Saigon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon allspice, 1 12 cups walnuts], title: Spiced Nuts, picturelink: null}, 6886: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper.nToss the rhubarb, strawberries, sugar, and orange zest together in a large bowl. In a measuring cup, dissolve the cornstarch in the orange juice and then mix it in with the fruit.nCarefully ease one pie crust into a 9inch pie plate, making sure not to stretch the dough at all, or it will shrink as the pie bakes. Spoon the fruit mixture into the pie shell, scraping the bowl with a rubber spatula to be sure you have all the juices.nFor the lattice, place the second crust on a cutting surface and slice 8 equal size strips of dough with a pizza wheel. Starting at one edge, using every other strip of dough, place 5 parallel strips across the pie. Fold back the 2 strips that are on either side of the center half way and place a strip of dough across the center of the pie perpendicular to the other strips. Place the 2 strips back over the pie again and fold the 3 alternate strips half way back. Place a second perpendicular strip of dough over the pie. Place the 3 strips back over the pie again and repeat with a third strip of dough on the opposite side.nTrim the lattice pieces. Lift the edge of the bottom crust over the edge of the lattice pieces and crimp the two together with your fingers. Brush the lattice pieces with the egg wash.nPlace the pie on the prepared sheet pan and place it in the middle of the oven. Lower the heat to 350 degrees F and bake 45 minutes, until the filling is very bubbly and the crust is nicely browned. Allow to cool and serve warm or at room temperature.nCut the butter in 12inch dice and return it to the refrigerator while you prepare the flour mixture. Place the flour, sugar, and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade and pulse a few times to mix. Add the butter and shortening. Pulse 8 to 12 times, until the butter is the size of peas. With the machine running, pour the ice water down the feed tube and pulse the machine until the dough begins to form a ball. Dump out onto a floured board and roll into a ball. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nCut the dough in half. Roll each piece on a wellfloured board into a circle at least 1 inch larger than the pie pan, rolling from the center to the edge, turning and flouring the dough so it doesnt stick to the board. You should see bits of butter in the dough. Fold the dough in half, ease it into the pie pan without stretching at all, and unfold to fit the pan. With a small sharp paring knife, cut the dough 1 inch larger around than the pan. Fold the edge under and crimp the edge with either your fingers or the tines of a fork.nBarefoot Contessa Foolproof by Ina Garten c Clarkson Potter 2012. Provided courtesy of Ina Garten. All rights reserved., ingredients: [4 cups 1inch diced fresh rhubarb 4 to 5 stalks, 4 cups fresh strawberries, hulled and halved, if large, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons grated orange zest, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 13 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 Perfect Pie Crusts, recipe follows, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon milk or cream, for egg wash, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks very cold unsalted butter, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup very cold vegetable shortening, such as Crisco, 12 cup ice water], title: Strawberry Rhubarb Pie, picturelink: null}, 6887: {instructions: In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat.nAdd 6 cups KELLOGGSu00ae COCOA KRISPIESu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated. Cool slightly. Cut warm cereal mixture into two different sized circles using two sizes of circle cookie cutters for the turkey bodies depending on size of cutters. Cool.nSpread peanut butter on bottom of the smaller circular pieces attach this to a larger circular piece to form the turkey body. Insert pretzel twists into body for tail feathers. Insert pretzel sticks for legs. Use frosting to attach candies for eyes and beak. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS: In microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Follow steps 2 and 3 above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 package 10 oz., about 40 marshmallows,  OR , 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 6 cups KELLOGGSu00ae COCOA KRISPIESu00ae cereal, Creamy peanut butter, KELLOGGSu00ae COCOA KRISPIESu00ae cereal, Pretzel twists, Pretzel sticks, Canned frosting or decorating gel, Assorted candies], title: PretzelTailed Turkey Treats TM, picturelink: null}, 6888: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil, sausage and shallots. Saute until browned, breaking up the sausage into small pieces with a wooden spoon, 5 to 7 minutes.nAdd the browned sausage and reserved mushroom stems to the bowl of a food processor and pulse until combined. Add the pine nuts and pulse a few more times until slightly smooth. Transfer to a mixing bowl and fold in the Swiss cheese, Gruyere and cream.nAdd the breadcrumbs and parsley to a small bowl and mix to combine.nPlace the mushroom caps hollowside up on the prepared baking sheet. Using a tablespoon, spoon the mushroom and sausage mixture into each mushroom cap. Top with the breadcrumb mixture. Bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 ounces loose Italian sausage, 1 shallot, chopped, 20 large white mushrooms, stems removed and reserved, 14 cup pine nuts, 34 cup grated Swiss cheese, 12 cup grated Gruyere cheese, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: SausageStuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 6889: {instructions: 1. In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat. Stir in peanut butter and vanilla until peanut butter melts.n2. Add Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae cereal, oats, raisins and sunflower seeds. Stir until well coated.n3. Portion evenly into twenty 2 12inch muffinpan cups coated with cooking spray. Firmly press cereal mixture down into cups. Refrigerate about 30 minutes or until firm. Use fork to lift treats out of cups.nNote:n For best results, use fresh marshmallows.n 1 jar 7 oz. marshmallow creme can be substituted for marshmallows.n Diet, reduced calorie or tub margarine is not recommended.nRecipe image shows 2 servings.nFor more great recipes, visit www.Kelloggs.com.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9 2010 Kellogg NA Co., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter or butter, 2 cups miniature marshmallows or 20 regular marshmallows, 12 cup crunchy peanut butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae cereal, 1 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 12 cup raisins or dried tart cherries, 12 cup toasted sunflower seeds], title: Rice Krispies Trail Mix Treatsand153, picturelink: null}, 6890: {instructions: For the dressing: In a small saucepan, whisk together the balsamic vinegar and sugar. Cook over mediumhigh heat until reduced by half and syrupy. Set aside.nFor the pizza: Slice a 34inchthick disc of watermelon from the middle of the fruit and remove the rind. Cut the disc into 6 slices wedges, and then assemble the wedges back into a circular shape.nSprinkle the arugula, feta, red onions and cherry tomatoes evenly over the watermelon wedges. Drizzle the dressing on top., ingredients: [14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 large seedless watermelon, 12 cup packed arugula, 14 cup crumbled feta, 14 cup thinly sliced red onions, 14 cup cherry tomatoes, halved], title: Watermelon Salad Pizza, picturelink: iADJqvyaTpgd.uExJf4hNq0MgZbZYm}, 6891: {instructions: For the turkey: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Remove the turkey from the refrigerator 30 minutes before roasting.nRub the cut side of 2 halves of garlic over the entire turkey, and then put in the cavity. Brush the entire turkey with 4 tablespoons of the butter and sprinkle with the rosemary, salt and pepper including in the cavity. Put 2 lemon halves into the cavity.nPut the shallots, carrots, celery and remaining garlic and lemon halves in the bottom of a roasting pan. Place a roasting rack in the pan and place the turkey on the rack. Add 2 cups of the stock to the bottom of the pan and place in the oven. Put the remaining 4 tablespoons butter and 4 cups stock in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over low heat. Keep covered and warm.nRoast the turkey for 30 minutes. Reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and continue roasting, basting with the warm stock every 20 minutes, until an instantread thermometer inserted into the breast registers 155 degrees F and into the thigh registers 160 degrees F, about 2 12 hours. Remove the turkey to a cutting board, loosely tent with foil and let rest at least 20 minutes before carving.nStrain the juices into a bowl through a strainer. Let the fat rise to the top of the stock and remove 14 cup of the fat. Reserve the fat to make the gravy. Reserve the strained juices for the gravy.nFor the gravy: Heat the reserved fat in the roasting pan used to roast the turkey over high heat over 2 burners. Add the mushrooms and cook until golden brown and the liquid has evaporated, about 8 minutes. Stir in the flour and cook until pale golden brown. Whisk in the red and white wine and cook until evaporated. Add the reserved roasting liquid and chicken stock and bring to a boil. Add the rosemary sprigs and cook until the gravy thickens, stirring constantly, about 5 minutes. Stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper.nCarve the turkey and serve with the cremini mushroom gravy., ingredients: [4 whole sprigs fresh rosemary, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 fresh turkey 16 pounds, rinsed well and patted dry, 6 whole heads garlic, halved, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 whole lemons, halved, 6 shallots, peeled and halved, 2 large carrots, coarsely chopped, 2 large stalks celery, coarsely chopped, 6 cups homemade chicken stock, 14 cup reserved fat from the roasting liquid from turkey, see recipe, 1 12 pounds cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry red wine, 12 cup dry white wine, Reserved roasting liquid, 3 cups homemade chicken stock, 4 whole sprigs fresh rosemary, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Turkey with Garlic, Rosemary and Roasted Lemon with Cremini Mushroom Gravy, picturelink: null}, 6892: {instructions: Special equipment: a pizzelle ironnWhisk together the sugar, butter, milk, vanilla, anise extract if using and eggs in a large bowl. Add the flour, baking powder and salt, and continue to whisk until the batter is smooth. Allow to stand at room temperature for at least 1 hour so the batter can hydrate.nHeat the pizzelle iron, and cook your pizzelles according to the manufacturers directions., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon anise extract, optional, 3 large eggs, 1 23 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Pizzelle, picturelink: null}, 6893: {instructions: Mix 12 cup pomegranate seeds and 1 tablespoon each sherry vinegar, chopped parsley and honey season with salt and pepper. Cook 1 chopped shallot and 3 chopped garlic cloves in a skillet with olive oil until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in one drained 15ounce can cannellini beans plus 14 cup reserved liquid from the can and 14 cup water season with salt and pepper and simmer 5 minutes. Smash, then spread on toasted baguette slices top with the pomegranate mixture, a drizzle of olive oil and some orange zest.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [], title: White BeanPomegranate Crostini, picturelink: Q1PXa37dZ2au7uigXnqX9f8KEGssbJC}, 6894: {instructions: For the marinade: Combine the white bean curd, sugar, red fermented bean curd, ginger, bean curd water, and oil and mix well. Coat the duck with marinade and marinate in the refrigerator for 2 hours or overnight. Heat a charcoal grill to medium heat. Roast and rotate the duck over charcoal for 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 small duck, 4 tablespoons white bean curd, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons red fermented bean curd, 2 tablespoons pounded ginger, 2 tablespoons bean curd water, 2 teaspoons sesame oil], title: Roasted Duck in Fermented Bean Curd: Vit Nuong Chao, picturelink: null}, 6895: {instructions: In a large bowl mix popcorn with either Cheese or Italian Style flavoring., ingredients: [4 cups hot, popped, plain popcorn, 13 cup Parmesan cheese, Pinch dried oregano, Pinch dried basil, Pinch dried thyme, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, Salt to taste], title: Flavored Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 6896: {instructions: Put the flour, salt, and sugar in the bowl of a food processor. All ingredients should be cold. Add the pieces of butter, and process for approximately 10 seconds, or just until the mixture resembles coarse meal. To mix by hand, combine the dry ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Using a pastry blender or 2 table knives, cut in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 14 to 12 cup ice water, drop by drop, through the feed tube with the machine running or into the bowl if mixing by hand, just until the dough holds together without being wet or sticky do not process more than 30 seconds. Test the dough at this point by squeezing a small amount together. If it is crumbly, add a bit more water. Turn the dough out onto a large piece of plastic wrap. Grasping the ends of the plastic wrap with your hands, press the dough into a flat circle with your fists. This makes rolling easier than if the pastry is chilled as a ball. Wrap the dough in the plastic, and chill for at least 1 hour. Lightly butter or spray with vegetable cooking spray the pie plates or tart pans you will be using. On a lightly floured board, roll out the pastry to a thickness of 18inch. Place the pastry in a plate, pan or in a pastry ring that has been set on a parchmentlined baking sheet, and press it into the bottom edges and along the sides. Trim the pastry using scissors or a sharp paring knife, or by rolling a rolling pin across the top of the pan. Cutting the pastry an inch or so higher than the edge of the tart pan and tucking this overhang to the inside of the pan will give extra height and reinforcement. Crimp or decorate the edges of the pastry, if desired. Chill the pastrylined pan until ready to use. Unbaked pastry shells can be refrigerated, wrapped in plastic, for up to 1 day for longer storage, they can be frozen.nNote: Yield: 2 8 to 10inch tarts or singlecrust pies, 1 8 to 10inch doublecrust pie, or 12 2 12 to 3inch tartlets, ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar optional, 1 cup 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces], title: Pate Brisee, picturelink: null}, 6897: {instructions: Mix together the yeast and water in a large bowl. Add in the sugar, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Let sit for 5 to 10 minutes. Beat in the eggs one at a time until a bit frothy. Gently beat in the salt and flour, a cup at a time, mixing well. Transfer to a greased bowl, cover the dough and refrigerate for 24 hours.nBring the dough back to room temperature. Meanwhile, prepare a baking sheet for baking with a thick coat of butter, or use parchment paper or a silicone mat if you prefer.nWhen the dough is warm and soft, put it in the bowl of an electric mixer and start to add the softened butter in pieces. Add a bit of flour if it becomes too wet or sticky. It needs to form a dough ball.nPut the dough on a lightly floured surface and separate in halves until you have 12 pieces patted into brioche shapes. Place onto the prepared pan. Cover with a warm cloth or leave in a warm place to rise for 2 or more hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBake long enough for the rolls to rise, about 20 minutes. Then baste with heavy cream and finish baking until brown, another 10 minutes.nCool and cut in half.nPlace up to 2 flavors of gelato inside the halved brioche for the perfect gelato sandwich, ingredients: [1 package yeast, 12 cup warm water, 4 tablespoons sugar, 6 eggs, 3 teaspoons sea salt, 4 12 cups organic flour, plus more as necessary, 2 sticks unsalted butter best quality possible, plus more for greasing baking sheet, at room temperature, Heavy cream, for basting, Your favorite gelato flavors, for serving], title: Brioche Gelato Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 6898: {instructions: COMBINE sweetened condensed milk, caramels and chocolate in heavy saucepan over low heat stir until smooth. Stir in butter and jam until smooth. Serve warm over pound cake.nCalories 473,Total Fat Grams25.5,Calories From Fat 229,Calories From Fat Grams Pct Daily Value 39,Saturated Fat Grams 15,Saturated Fat Grams Pct DailyValue 79,CholesterolMilligrams 87,SodiumMilligrams 250,Sodium Milligrams Pct Daily Value 10,Potassium Milligrams 204,Potassium Milligrams Pct Daily Value 6,Total Carbohydrates Grams 49,Total Carbohydrates Grams Pct Daily Value 16,Dietary Fiber Grams 2.6,Dietary Fiber Grams Pct Daily Value 10,Sugars Grams 37,Protein Grams 5.1,Protein Grams Pct Daily Value 10,Vitamin A Pct Daily Value 10,Calcium Pct Daily Value 7,Thiamin Pct Daily Value 5,Niacin Pct Daily Value 11,Vitamin C Pct Daily Value 1,Folate Pct Daily Value 7,Magnesium Pct Daily Value 18,nNutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based on available nutrient data, ingredients: [1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 25 carmels, unwrapped, 4 1 oz. squares semisweet chocolate, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup Smuckersu00ae Seedless Red Raspberry Jam, 1 pound cake, sliced], title: Chocolate Caramel Raspberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 6899: {instructions: For the soup: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over high heat and saute the potatoes, celery and onions. Add 6 cups water 1 12 liters and the cream and season with salt and pepper. Add the reserved oyster juices and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until the vegetables are nice and tender, about 30 minutes.nPuree the soup with an immersion blender or in a regular blender until smooth be careful when blending hot liquids. Pass through a fine sieve if necessary. Stir in the butter and chives. Add the oysters just before serving to prevent them from overcooking. Season with more salt and pepper if desired.nFor the bacon and vegetable garnish: Brown the bacon in a skillet over mediumhigh heat for 3 minutes. Add the celery and onions and saute until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the potato and cook for about 5 minutes.nTo serve, ladle the soup into bowls and add the bacon and vegetable garnish. Drizzle with olive oil and garnish with chervil., ingredients: [2 tablespoons30ml olive oil, 6 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and chopped, 2 celery ribs, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cups500ml 35percent cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 dozen oysters, shucked, liquid reserved, 2 tablespoons30ml butter, A handful fresh chives, minced, 3 large slices bacon, cut into small dice, 2 celery ribs, cut into small dice, 1 onion, cut into small dice, 1 large Yukon gold potato, cooked until al dente and cut into small dice, Olive oil, for drizzling, A handful fresh chervil], title: Oyster Chowder, picturelink: null}}