{7500: {instructions: Thaw the pastry sheet at room temperature for 40 minutes or until its easy to handle. Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWrap each cone tightly in aluminum foil, covering completely and tucking any excess foil into the cone cavity. Spray the foil cones with the cooking spray.nUnfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Cut the pastry sheet along the fold marks to form 3 rectangles. Cut each rectangle lengthwise into 4 strips, making 12 strips in all.nPress the ends of 2 pastry strips together. Starting at the pointed end, wind the pastry strip around 1 cone, slightly overlapping edges of pastry strip will not reach the bottom of the cone. Spray the pastry cone with the cooking spray and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon sugar. Place the pastry cone seamside down onto a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining pastry strips, cones and sugar.nBake for 15 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown. Remove the pastries from the oven. Let cool completely on the baking sheet. Carefully remove the cones from the baked pastry.nBeat the milk, pudding mix, pumpkin and cinnamon in a medium bowl with a whisk until the mixture is thickened.nBeat the cream in a medium bowl with an electric mixer on high speed until soft peaks form. Fold the whipped cream into the pumpkin mixture. Spoon or pipe the mixture into the pastry cones.nStir the caramel sauce and pecans in a small bowl. Place the pastries onto serving plates and drizzle with the caramel mixture., ingredients: [12 of a 17.3ounce package Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 1 sheet, 6 sugar ice cream cones, Vegetable cooking spray, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup milk, 1 package 3.4 ounces vanilla instant pudding and pie filling mix, 34 cup canned pumpkin, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup prepared caramel sauce, warmed, 12 cup toasted chopped pecans], title: PralinePumpkin Mousse Cornucopias, picturelink: null}, 7501: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the lasagna noodles and cook according to the package instructions until al dente. Drain in a colander and set aside.nTo a large, deep skillet or pot set over medium heat add the olive oil, onion, garlic, 1 teaspoon of the salt, and the black pepper, and cook until the onion is soft and sticky, stirring often, for 6 to 7 minutes. Stir in the marjoram and red pepper flakes, and once they are fragrant, after 30 seconds, stir in the beef, using a wooden spoon to break it into small pieces. Cook, stirring often, until the beef is no longer pink, about 5 minutes.nAdd the chopped tomatoes and remaining 1 teaspoon salt, reduce the heat to mediumlow, and simmer the sauce until it reduces slightly, about 10 minutes.nDivide half of the cooked lasagna noodles among 4 bowls. Top each with some mozzarella and sauce, then divide the remaining noodles over the top. Add some more mozzarella and sauce, and serve sprinkled with Parmesan cheese.nPer serving: Calories 567 Total Fat 18g Protein 31g Dietary Fiber 5g Sugars 8g, ingredients: [8 ounces lasagna noodles, broken into smaller pieces, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, halved and very finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, very finely chopped or pressed through a garlic press, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh marjoram, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 12 pound lean ground beef, 2 cups canned whole tomatoes, chopped or canned chopped tomatoes, 12 cup quartered bocconcini mozzarella balls or 12inch pieces of fresh mozzarella, 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan cheese], title: Deconstructed Lasagna, picturelink: fW3V6R5y1ayqkEMw1PEJIqIDvX8XcNG}, 7502: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the red onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let cool slightly, then roughly chop.nMix the ginger, cayenne and lime juice in a medium bowl, then stir in the onion, tomatoes and cilantro. Let sit at least 20 minutes at room temperature.nPreheat a grill to medium high. Brush the bread with olive oil and season with salt. Grill until warmed through and lightly charred, about 2 minutes per side brush with more olive oil. Add 12 teaspoon salt to the tomato salad and toss. Spread the bread with yogurt and top with the tomato salad.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 small red onion, sliced, 1 1 12inch piece ginger, peeled and grated, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Juice of 12 lime, 1 14 pounds about 5 medium tomatoes, chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 4 to 6 pieces naan bread or pita, Kosher salt, Plain Greek yogurt, for serving], title: Grilled Bread With TomatoGinger Salad, picturelink: X9MEArKznX5O3jh0KyuX.lPEGPBWp.2}, 7503: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add the butter. When the butter is hot, stir in the corn and the starchy liquid scraped from the cobs. Cook for 5 minutes, then stir in the garlic and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes more, then add the cream and nutmeg, stirring occasionally, until very creamy, about 15 minutes. Add the spinach and stir until wilted. Season with salt and pepper, if needed. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 4 ears corn, kernels scraped from cob, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, 2 bundles fresh farm spinach, about 12 pound trimmed weight, chopped], title: Garlicky Creamed Corn and Spinach, picturelink: PAcAvPzxQoZRPpYAoP8mTRFsBk5Lray}, 7504: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F.nCOMBINE shortening, brown sugar, granulated sugar, eggs, milk and vanilla in bowl of electric mixer beat at medium speed until well blended.nCOMBINE oats, flour, baking soda and salt in medium bowl. Add gradually to creamed mixture at low speed. Beat just until blended. Stir in chocolate chips, chocolate pieces and nuts with spoon. Drop by rounded tablespoonfuls 3 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheets.nBAKE 8 to 10 minutes for chewy cookies or 10 to 12 minutes for crisp cookies. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheets transfer to cooling racks to cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening or 1 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 tbsps. milk, 2 tsps. vanilla extract, 2 12 cups oats quick or old fashioned, uncooked, 1 tsp. baking soda, 2 12 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 tsp. salt, 1 cup 6 oz. pkg. semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup candycoated chocolate pieces or colored chips, 1 cup coarsely chopped pecans or walnuts], title: Festive Oatmeal Cookies, picturelink: lr1u.kV2n4qv6w3f81ibLPZVpZd0.6}, 7505: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Slice half of the onion into thin rings and set aside. Place the other onion half, tomatillos and serranos on a foillined baking sheet and broil until the vegetables are soft and slightly brown, 7 to 10 minutes, turning as needed. Transfer the vegetables and any liquid to a blender, add the broth and puree. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and the sugar.nMeanwhile, stack the tortillas, wrap in a damp paper towel and microwave just until warm and soft, 1 minute keep covered. Toss the chicken with 2 cups shredded cheese in a bowl. Spoon a portion of the chicken mixture down the middle of each tortilla. Add a few cilantro leaves and roll up. Place the enchiladas side by side in a lightly oiled 9by13inch baking dish and brush with the 2 tablespoons olive oil. Broil until crisp and golden, 3 minutes.nPour the tomatillo sauce over the enchiladas and top with the remaining 12 cup shredded cheese. Return to the oven and broil until the cheese is bubbly and golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Garnish with the onion rings, queso fresco and any remaining cilantro.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 small red onion, halved, 1 12 pounds tomatillos, husked and rinsed, 1 to 2 serrano chile peppers, stemmed and seeded, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, Kosher salt, Pinch of sugar, 8 corn tortillas, 3 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, 2 12 cups shredded mozzarella andor Monterey Jack cheese, 13 cup fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for greasing, 34 cup crumbled queso fresco or feta cheese], title: ChickenandCheese Enchiladas, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 7506: {instructions: Put the ice, almond milk, yogurt, almonds, sugar, cardamom, fennel and star anise into a blender and puree until smooth. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup ice, 1 cup almond milk, 1 cup plain yogurt, 14 cup slivered almonds, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon ground fennel, 12 teaspoon ground star anise], title: Almond Shake, picturelink: null}, 7507: {instructions: Set a rack in the middle level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Butter a 12cup Bundt pan and flour the buttered surface, shaking out the excess.nPlace hazelnuts in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and pulse continuously until finely ground.nBring a small pan of water to a boil and remove from heat. Place chocolate in a heatproof bowl and set over the pan of water, stirring occasionally, until melted. Remove bowl from pan and set aside.nIn a large mixer bowl beat the butter and 12 cup of the sugar until soft and light. Beat in the chocolate and scrape bowl and beaters. Beat in the egg yolks, one at a time. Scrape bowl and beaters. Stir in the ground hazelnuts and the flour by hand.nIn a clean, dry mixer bowl, whip the egg whites with the salt on medium speed, until they are frothy. Continue whipping the egg whites until they are white and opaque, and beginning to hold their shape when the beaters are lifted. Increase the speed and gradually whip in the remaining 12 cup sugar, continuing to whip the egg whites until they hold a soft, glossy peak.nStir a quarter of the egg whites into the batter to lighten it, then fold in the remaining egg whites with a rubber spatula, continuing to fold until no streaks of egg white remain. Scrape the batter into the prepared pan.nBake the cake about 35 to 45 minutes, until it is well risen and a toothpick or skewer inserted between the edge of the pan and the central tube emerges clean. Place a rack on the pan and invert cake and pan to rack to cool. Remove pan after 5 minutes and allow cake to cool.nFor glaze, combine water, corn syrup and sugar in a saucepan and stir well to mix. Place over low heat and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally to dissolve sugar. Remove from heat and add chocolate. Swirl pan so that chocolate is submerged in hot syrup, then allow to stand 2 minutes. Whisk glaze smooth.nBefore glazing cake, cut a disk that will fit under the cake from stiff corrugated cardboard. Cut a hole in the canter corresponding to the central tube in the cake pan. Slide the cardboard under the cake and place it on a rack over a jelly roll pan. Pour glaze from pan onto highest point of cake, all around, allowing glaze to drip down outside and center of cake. Let glaze dry before moving cake., ingredients: [Almonds or walnuts make a good substitute for the hazelnuts in this recipe., 1 12 cups whole hazelnuts, about 6 to 7 ounces, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, cut into 14inch pieces, 16 tablespoons 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, divided, 8 eggs, separated, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup water, 13 cup light corn syrup, 1 cup sugar, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, cut into 14inch pieces], title: Chocolate Hazelnut Pound Cake with Shiny Chocolate Glaze, picturelink: null}, 7508: {instructions: Beat butter and mayonnaise in a mixer until well blended, scraping down the sides of the bowl to ensure complete mixing. Set aside.nPrepare your favorite macaroni and cheese recipe. When finished, spread evenly into a sheet pan or casserole dish to a thickness of about 34inch. Cover with plastic wrap and cool in refrigerator.nCut the chilled macaroni and cheese into squares that are slightly smaller than the diameter of your bread.nMelt 3 tablespoons butter in a heavybottomed pan. Add sliced onions and cook over a mediumhigh heat stirring frequently until onions have caramelized. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat up BBQ sauce and add pulled pork. Allow to simmer for 5 minutes over low heat.nGenerously butter one side of each slice of bread with the buttermayonnaise mixture. Be sure to butter to the very edgesnOn unbuttered side, layer as follows:nTop with slice of bread, butteredside out.nUse a flat, nonstick griddle and bring to a medium heat, approximately 340 degrees F.nLay sandwiches on hot griddle and proceed to cook on one side until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. A bacon press or heavy pan may be placed on top of sandwiches to help with interior melting. Flip sandwich and repeat.nRemove the sandwiches from the heat and let cool for 1 minute before cutting. Enjoy, ingredients: [8 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 6 ounces mayonnaise, 4 cups of your favorite macaroni and cheese recipe, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 yellow onions, sliced into 14inch strips, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup your favorite BBQ sauce, 2 cups of cooked pulled pork, 12 slices sharp Cheddar cheese, 8 slices buttermilk bread, 1 slice Cheddar cheese, 1 square chilled macaroni and cheese, 12 cup BBQ pork mixture, 14 cup caramelized onions], title: Cheesy Mac N Rib, picturelink: null}, 7509: {instructions: Combine onions, carrots, bay leaves and vinegar in saucepan. Boil and pour over meat. Let marinate overnight. Drain and dry meat and vegetables.nMix meat and vegetables with flour and season with salt and pepper. Heat some clarified butter in large saucepan. When hot, add venison and brown, then add onions and carrots and brown. Add bay leaves.nHeat tomato puree in separate small saucepan until brown. Add puree to meat and vegetables. To this, add most of the red wine and 2 tablespoons red currant jelly. Reduce heat, cover and simmer 1 hour.nTransfer meat and vegetables to heated serving dish. Mix arrowroot with remaining red wine and add to boiling gravy to thicken. Add lemon juice. Nap meat and vegetables with gravy, garnish with lemon slices, cream and remaining jelly. Dust with parsley., ingredients: [1 pound onions, thickly sliced, 2 pounds carrots, cut into 12inch dice, 2 bay leaves, 34 cup white wine vinegar, 1 5pound crosscut saddle venison, cut into 2inch cubes, 3 tablespoons flour, Salt, Pepper, Clarified butter, 12 cup tomato puree, 34 cup red wine, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons red currant jelly, 1 teaspoon arrowroot, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 lemon, thinly sliced, 12 cup whipped cream, Parsley, finely chopped], title: Venison Casserole, picturelink: null}, 7510: {instructions: Combine all ingredients. Store in an airtight container and refrigerate until use., ingredients: [Sugar, to taste, Garlic, to taste, Pepper, to taste, Onion powder, to taste, Paprika, to taste], title: Seasoning, picturelink: null}, 7511: {instructions: To make the Pots de Creme: Preheat oven to 275 degrees F. In a food processor, grind sugar and zest for 1 to 2 minutes. Place the lemon sugar mixture in a pot. Add the milk and cream. Bring it to a boil. Remove the pot from the heat and add chocolate, stirring until dissolved. Place in an ice bath until chilled. Once cold add the egg yolks and lemon juice, mixing well. Strain the mixture. Portion it into ramekins and bake until set, for approximately 30 to 40 minutes. The texture will look like JellO in the center. Once cooked reserve in the refrigerator until ready to serve. To make the Candied Lemon: Place the zest in a pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, strain and cover again with cold water. Return to a boil and repeat the process once more. Place the zest in a pot with water and sugar and simmer gently for 15 to 25 minutes or until slightly translucent. Reserve in this liquid until ready to serve. This can be made up to 4 days ahead.nTo serve Pot de Creme: Place 1 to 2 teaspoons of Candied Zest on the middle of the Pot de Creme. Cover with Milk Chocolate shavings, and serve., ingredients: [23 cup sugar, 3 lemons, zested, 1 cup milk, 3 cups cream, 2 cups milk chocolate, 10 egg yolks, 13 cup lemon juice, 4 lemons, zested, Cold water, for blanching, 1 cup water, 2 cups sugar, Milk chocolate, for garnish], title: Milk Chocolate and Lemon Pot de Creme, picturelink: null}, 7512: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 13by9inch metal baking pan, then line the bottom and sides with parchment paper butter the parchment paper. Dust the inside of the pan with flour and knock out the excess.nIn a large microwavable bowl, microwave the butter until it melts, about 1 12 minutes. Add twothirds of the white chocolate, then shake the bowl so that the butter covers the chocolate let stand for 1 minute. Starting from the center of the bowl, whisk the butter and white chocolate together slowly until smooth. Add the matcha powder and whisk until smooth.nIn another large bowl, vigorously whisk together both sugars, the vanilla, salt and eggs until smooth, lightened in color and foamy, about 30 seconds. Scrape the matcha mixture into the bowl and whisk until smooth. Add the flour and use a rubber spatula to fold it in until just incorporated.nScrape the batter into the prepared baking pan, spreading it evenly, and smooth the top. Bake until light brown on top and a toothpick inserted halfway between the center and edges comes out clean, about 35 minutes.nRemove the baking pan from the oven and immediately sprinkle the remaining 4 ounces white chocolate evenly over the top of the matchies let stand for 1 minute. Using a small butter knife or offset spatula, spread the chocolate evenly over the top, creating swirls and peaks.nLet the matchies cool completely, then use the parchment paper to lift them from the pan to a cutting board. Slice them into 24 squares and serve. Store leftovers in a single layer in an airtight container for up to 5 days., ingredients: [2 sticks 12 pound unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for the pan, 12 ounces highquality white chocolate, finely chopped, 13 cup matcha tea powder, such as Kenko or The Republic of Tea, sifted, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 large eggs], title: Matcha Blondies Matchies, picturelink: null}, 7513: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Each serving will contain 3 corn tortillas. Take the tortilla and dip it in hot oil or dip it in the red chile sauce and put on plate. Top this with cheese and onion and more sauce and put another dipped tortilla on top and repeat this 2 times. Heat in the oven or under the broiler until cheese melts and top with a fried egg. Garnish the plate with the lettuce and tomato. You can serve this with fried potatoes or pinto beans.nTo make a casserole, you can layer the above in a baking dish with the final layer on top being cheese, do not put eggs on the casserole. Bake for about 20 minutes, until all is warm and melted. Garnish with lettuce and tomato. Can also serve with sour cream, chopped olives and guacamole.nRemove the stems and seeds of the chile pods. Soak the pods in water or simmer on stove for about 10 minutes. Place chile and garlic in a blender with 14 cup water and puree until smooth. Use 6 to 8 pods of chile and 2 cloves of garlic at a time, which will make the puree smoother and easier to work with. Add more water as needed to get a medium consistency. In a sauce pan, add pureed chile with Mexican Oregano and salt to taste. Bring to a slow boil, and then simmer for 20 minutes. Pork can be browned and added to sauce while simmering., ingredients: [6 corn tortillas, Oil optional, 1 12 to 2 cups red chile sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup shredded cheddar or Monterey Jack cheese, 12 small chopped onion, 2 fried eggs, 1 cup shredded lettuce, 34 cup chopped tomato, 20 dried chile pods, 14 cup water, 6 garlic cloves, Salt, Pinch Mexican oregano, 1 pound diced pork optional], title: Traditional New Mexico Red Chile Cheese Stacked Enchiladas, picturelink: null}, 7514: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a food processor add hazelnuts and pulse 4 times at 5second intervals. Add panko to the hazelnuts and pulse again for 10 seconds. Season the sole with salt and pepper, to taste, and lightly dust the sole with flour, shaking off the excess. Dip the sole into egg whites coating entirely, shaking off excess, press into hazelnut breading. Refrigerate for 10 minutes or up to 24 hours. Heat a large saute pan on medium heat. Add 2 ounces canola oil and the sole. Cook for approximately 1 minute, checking carefully with a spatula to make sure they are golden brown. Flip and continue cooking for 1 minute longer and then transfer to sheet pan. Repeat the process with the remaining oil and sole.nPlace the baking sheet in the preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes depending on thickness of fillet or until fish is cooked through but still moist.nMashed Potatoes: Cook the potatoes through in a 6quart stock pot with 4 quarts of salted water for approximately 30 minutes. Drain potatoes well. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed. Add halfandhalf, shallot puree and salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and keep warm.nVegetables: In a pot big enough to hold all the vegetables, bring salted water to a boil. Drop in vegetables and cook until al dente, approximately 2 minutes, drain well. Toss back in pot, season with salt and pepper and add butter, if using. Keep warm until ready to serve.nMarsala Wine Buerre Blanc: Reduce the Marsala wine and shallots in a heavy bottom pan over mediumhigh heat and reduce to 12 cup. Add heavy cream and bring back to simmer. Whisk in the cornstarch and water mixture, also known as a slurry. Reduce heat to low, whisk occasionally for 1 minute longer. Remove from heat. Add softened butter, 1ounce at a time, whisking until smooth. Season with salt, pepper, hot sauce and Worcestershire sauce. Serve immediately.nFor assembly: Divide potatoes among 6 to 8inch plates, placing them in the center. Place the Menemsha sole on top. Top 1 corner of the sole with 2 ounces of Marsala Wine Buerre Blanc. Arrange the vegetables around the plate, garnish with chives., ingredients: [1 cup rawblackened hazelnuts, 2 cups panko Japanese bread crumbs, 6 to 7 ounces skinlessboneless Menemsha sole fillet, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour, for dusting, 8 large egg whites, 4 ounces canola oil, divided, 4 large baking potatoes, skinned, cut into 2 pieces, 6 ounces halfandhalf, 6 roasted shallots, pureed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 pound baby yellow pattipan squash, cut in 12, 34 pound baby green zucchini, cut in 12, 34 pound pen asparagus, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons butter, optional, 2 cups Marsala wine, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed smooth with 1 tablespoon water, 8 ounces softened butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 dash hot sauce, 1 dash Worcestershire sauce, Freshly chopped chives, for garnish], title: Hazelnut Crusted Menemsha Sole with Marsala Wine Sauce, Shallot Mashed Potatoes and Baby Vegetables, picturelink: K3Wzfhb6NerNrDW0f6cch73eUTyovBm}, 7515: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a large pot of cold water, add 2 tablespoons of salt and cook until potatoes are tender, but still firm, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain, let cool then cut each potato into rounds and wedges. Potatoes can be made up to 2 days in advance and refrigerated and cut just before grilling.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, combine the zest, juice, garlic, mustard, rosemary and salt and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the extravirgin olive oil and blend until emulsified. Can be made 1 day in advance and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before using.nHeat the grill to high.nBrush the potatoes on both sides with the canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the potatoes on the grill, cut side down and cook until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn the potatoes over, and continue grilling until just cooked through, about 5 minutes longer. Remove the potatoes and cut each half in half lengthwise and then crosswise into 1inch pieces. Transfer to a platter and immediately drizzle with the vinaigrette and toss to combine. Garnish with parsley sprigs., ingredients: [6 large Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed, Salt, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 lemons, juiced, 4 cloves roasted garlic, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup canola oil, Sprigs fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Grilled Yukon Gold Potatoes with RosemaryLemonGarlic Vinaigrette, picturelink: lpoA7kpilRmc3lwuKDe8XyV1NJm.VTK}, 7516: {instructions: Through the feed opening of a running blender add, 1 at a time, the vinegar, garlic, oregano, thyme, parsley, salt, and pepper. Then, leaving the blender running, gradually add the olive oil in a thin stream. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nGently toss together the greens, tomatoes, cucumbers, and carrots with enough of the dressing to coat. Serve family style with the remaining salad dressing on the side., ingredients: [14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 garlic cloves, lightly crushed and quartered, 1 teaspoon fresh oregano leaves from 3 or 4 small sprigs or 1 or 2 large sprigs, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves from 3 or 4 small sprigs or 1 or 2 large sprigs, 1 teaspoon fresh parsley leaves from 3 or 4 small sprigs or 1 or 2 large sprigs, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 cups mixed greens organic mesclun mixture such as mache, arugula, chicory soaked and dried in a salad spinner, 2 large tomatoes, cut into wedges, 2 English cucumbers, peeled and sliced, 2 large carrots, peeled and sliced into rounds], title: Top Brass Tossed Salad with Italian Dressing, picturelink: NRBNIAe2bqr.COwvFLp5byE5xYqvq}, 7517: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, combine the kale and 1 tablespoon olive oil. Use your fingers to massage the oil into the kale. If it seems dry, add more oil. Season with chili powder and salt and toss to coat.nSpread the kale onto 2 baking sheets. Bake until the chips look crisp, 10 to 15 minutes, rotating the baking sheets halfway through., ingredients: [1 bunch kale, ribs removed and torn into pieces, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons chili powder, Salt], title: Chili Kale Chips, picturelink: sKAht4H9ypsoWFHf9ZR..l..XlgmfO}, 7518: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small 2 cup measuring cup, or something similar size and shape, combine all the marinade ingredients. Using an immersion blender, puree the marinade until smooth. Transfer to a resealable plastic bag and add the steak, seal and shake to coat. Refrigerate the beef for 2 to 4 hours to tenderize and flavor the beef.nPreheat a ridged grill pan on high heat.nDrain the marinade from the beef. Lightly oil the grill or grill pan. Season liberally with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Grill the steak over mediumhigh heat and cook for 4 minutes on each side and then transfer to a cutting board and let rest. Depending on the size of your grill pan you may need to cook in batches.nOnce the beef is off the grill pan and resting, add the bell peppers and onions tossed with lime juice and olive oil, if using. Grill the mixture for 7 to 8 minutes until the vegetables are just barely limp.nWhile the peppers and onions are cooking, heat up the tortillas. Turn any free burners on a medium low flame. Place a tortilla on each flame and let it char about 30 seconds to 1 minute, flip the tortilla and repeat on the second side. Once heated and charred remove the tortilla to a clean tea towel and wrap to keep warm. Repeat until you have warmed all of your tortillas.nYou can also heat your tortillas in a microwave, lightly dampen a tea towel with some water, wrap the tortillas in the damp towel and heat in the microwave for about 1 minute. Check to see if they are warm, if not repeat the heating at 1 minute intervals until they are warm and pliable.nThinly slice the steak against the grain on a diagonal.nSpread some guacamole on a tortilla, top with a few slices of steak, peppers and onions, and salsa. Roll up the tortilla to enclose the filling.nMay also be served with sour cream and shredded cheese.n5 ripe Hass avocadosn3 to 4 limes, juicedn12 small onion, choppedn1 small garlic clove, mincedn1 serrano chile, choppedn1 big handful fresh cilantro leaves, roughly choppednKosher salt and freshly ground black peppernDrizzle olive oilnHalve and pit the avocados. With a tablespoon, scoop out the flesh into a mixing bowl. Mash the avocados with a fork, leaving them still a bit chunky. Add all of the rest of the ingredients, and fold everything together.nLay a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the guacamole so it doesnt brown and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [1 orange, juiced, 2 limes, juiced, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, roughly chopped, 3 chipolte chiles, in adobo sauce, 3 tablespoon roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 14 pounds skirt or flank steak, trimmed of fat cut into thirds or 8inch pieces, Salt and pepper, 2 red bell peppers, thinly sliced, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, Lime juice, olive oil, optional, 12 flour tortillas, warm, Guacamole, recipe follows, Good quality store bought salsa], title: Fajitas, picturelink: qbasS7vhRNudxbnkAW7uqtXrol0W}, 7519: {instructions: Special equipment: smokernPreheat the smoker to 225 degrees F.nTrim the excess fat off the meat. Coat the ribs with the 321 Spice Blend on all sides.nPlace the ribs in the smoker over indirect heat until brown on all sides, 1 hour 30 minutes to 2 hours.nPlace the meat on a wire rack set over a deep pan filled with 2 inches of water. Tightly wrap the pan with foil. Return the pan to the smoker over indirect heat and cook until the ribs are very tender, about 4 hours.nRemove from the smoker and plate to serve.nIn a large mixing bowl, add the garlic powder, black pepper and salt and mix until combined., ingredients: [3 bonein beef short ribs about 1 12 pounds, 2 tablespoons 321 Spice Blend, recipe follows, 3 cups granulated garlic, 2 cups ground black pepper, 1 cup salt], title: Flintstones Beef Ribs, picturelink: rSy.rDKj6IooYNErRUXzfskXxgrJTS}, 7520: {instructions: Prepare a grill for medium heat. Shuck the corn, being sure to remove all the silk. Season the ears with some olive oil, salt and black pepper. Grill, rotating the ears regularly, so as to char but not scorch, 10 to 15 minutes. Reserve.nDice the Tasso into approximately 1centimeter cubes. Heat a large, heavy Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the Tasso with a little bit of canola oil and cook, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon, until evenly browned, about 15 minutes. Remove and reserve, leaving any bits stuck to the bottom of the pan.nAdd a little more canola oil to the Dutch oven. Add the garlic, celery, jalapenos, onions and bell pepper and sautee until the onions are sweated, 10 to 12 minutes.nAdd the wine and simmer, scraping up the bits from the bottom of the pan, until all the wine has evaporated, about 5 minutes. Add the bay leaves, thyme, red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 teaspoons cayenne, 2 teaspoons chili powder and some salt and black pepper. Stir.nUsing a knife, cut the kernels off the corn cobs, then milk the cobs using the back of the knife. Add the corn to the Dutch oven. Reserve about 50 pieces of Tasso, then add the rest to the Dutch oven. Add the heavy cream and butter, stir and bring to a simmer. Cook the mixture until thickened with a slight creamed corn consistency, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the bay leaves.nCombine 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne and 1 teaspoon chili powder in a small bowl. Toss the shrimp with 14 cup olive oil on a baking sheet. Sprinkle the shrimp on both sides with the spice rub. Grill the shrimp over medium heat until pink and slightly charred, but not overcooked, 2 to 3 minutes per side.nTo serve: Place 1 tablespoon of corn maque choux in an Asian soup spoon. Top with a grilled shrimp and a piece of the reserved Tasso. Garnish with some green onion. Repeat with the remaining maque choux, shrimp and Tasso., ingredients: [8 ears corn, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds Tasso ham, Canola oil, for cooking, 8 cloves garlic, minced, 4 stalks celery, diced, 2 jalepenos, diced, 2 medium yellow onions, diced, 1 large red bell pepper, diced, 2 cups white wine, 3 dried bay leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon paprika, plus 2 teaspoons, 3 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 3 teaspoons chili powder, 2 cups heavy cream, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 50 large shrimp 2125 count, peeled and deveined with no heads or tails, Green onions, chopped on the bias, for garnish], title: Cajun Tasso Corn Maque Choux with Grilled Shrimp, picturelink: K2qUlORX0FRR4NRrf9lmW47yGHbwwEm}, 7521: {instructions: Mix the flours, sugar, baking powder, salt and baking soda together. Put in a mixing bowl and turn on speed one, using the paddle attachment. Quickly add the buttermilk. Scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl and the paddle with a rubber spatula. Slowly pour the melted butter into the bowl while the mixer is running. Slowly pour the egg yolks into the bowl while the mixer is running. Transfer this batter to another bowl. Whip the egg whites to medium peaks in a new bowl with the whisk attachment of your mixer. Fold in onethird of the whites with a rubber spatula. Now fold in the remaining whites.nTo cook the waffles, turn a waffle iron on to medium heat. Spray the waffle iron with cooking spray. Scoop batter onto the iron, enough to fill. Close and cook for 2 12 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack. Repeat., ingredients: [88 ounces allpurpose flour, 45 ounces buckwheat flour, 24 ounces sugar, 1.7 ounces baking powder, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 5 quarts buttermilk, 36 ounces melted butter, 24 eggs, separated, Cooking spray], title: Buckwheat Waffles, picturelink: mHB3tWn9AQAgKj5cQVe1biSN3Ta7J.}, 7522: {instructions: Heat the broth, black pepper, carrot and celery in a 2quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat to a boil.nStir the noodles and chicken into the saucepan. Reduce the heat to medium. Cook for 10 minutes or until the noodles are tender.nAsian Soup: Add 2 green onions cut into 12inch pieces, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground ginger and 2 teaspoons soy sauce. Substitute uncooked curly Asian noodles for egg noodles.nMexican Soup: Add 12 cup Pace Chunky Salsa, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup rinsed and drained black beans and 12 teaspoon chili powder. Substitute 2 corn tortillas 4 or 6inch cut into thin strips for the noodles, adding them just before serving.nItalian Tortellini Soup: Add 1 can about 14 12 ounces diced tomatoes, drained, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, crushed and 1 cup spinach leaves. Substitute 12 cup frozen cheese tortellini for egg noodles. Serve with grated Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [4 cup Swansonu00ae Chicken Broth Regular, Natural Goodnessu2122 or Certified Organic, Generous dash ground black pepper, 1 medium carrot, sliced about 12 cup, 1 stalk celery, sliced about 12 cup, 12 cup uncooked extra wide egg noodles, 1 cup shredded cooked chicken or turkey], title: Sensational Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: Hw5w68jy.X6mdxcbwIMSzAyOM54VOZu}, 7523: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a saucepan and heat to just below the boil. Remove from the heat. Cool. This marinade may be stored in a refrigerator up to 2 weeks. Use to marinate chicken, shrimp, or pork for several hours before grilling., ingredients: [12 cup canola, vegetable, or peanut oil, 12 cup dry not cooking sherry, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil, 2 tablespoons peeled and finely chopped fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and finely chopped, 14 cup coarsely chopped cilantro leaves, tightly packed, 3 whole scallions, sliced, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar or white vinegar, 1 tablespoon Annatto achiote paste, 2 tablespoons ground cumin], title: SherrySoy Marinade, picturelink: null}, 7524: {instructions: Trim broccoli, reserving stems for another use, and cut florets into 1inch pieces. There should be about 5 cups.nTrim cauliflower and cut florets into 1inch pieces. There should be about 5 cups.nIn a large saucepan of boiling salted water cook vegetables until crisptender, 2 to 5 minutes. In a colander drain vegetables and refresh under cold water to stop cooking. Drain vegetables well. Vegetables may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered.nIn a large heavy skillet heat oil and 2 tablespoons butter over moderately high heat until foam begins to subside and saute bread crumbs, stirring, until golden. Stir in Parmesan, cayenne and salt to taste and saute, stirring, until crisp. Bread crumbs may be prepared 3 days ahead and kept in an airtight container.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn skillet melt remaining tablespoon butter over moderate heat and in it toss vegetables with salt and pepper to taste. Sprinkle vegetables with bread crumbs and toss to combine. Transfer mixture to a baking dish and bake, uncovered, 10 minutes, or until just heated through., ingredients: [1 12 bunches broccoli about 1 12 pounds, 1 large head cauliflower about 2 pounds, 1 pound carrots, peeled and cut into 14inch slices on a diagonal, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups very coarse dry bread crumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon cayenne], title: Broccoli, Cauliflower and Carrots with Parmesan Bread Crumbs, picturelink: null}, 7525: {instructions: In large pot melt butter. Add leeks and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Add potatoes and season with salt and pepper. Add water and bring to a simmer. Cook until vegetables are tender. Place 34 of soup into a blender and puree, return to pot and bring to simmer. Add mustard and cheese. Stir until smooth. Add cream and bring to simmer. Pour into bowl and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 3 cups leeks, sliced, 4 cups potatoes, peeled and diced, 8 cups water, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 cup grated Cheddar cheese, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Potato Cheese Soup, picturelink: null}, 7526: {instructions: Toss the cabbage with the scallions, cilantro and peanuts. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a small mixing bowl, whisk the vinegar, soy sauce, peanut butter, sesame oil and sugar together. Slowly whisk in the canola oil until dressing is emulsified.nToss the dressing with the cabbage and garnish with roasted peanuts before serving.nCooks Note: Feel free to use different types of cabbages to make this simple slaw., ingredients: [1 medium head Napa cabbage, shredded, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced on the bias, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 1 cup roasted unsalted peanuts, plus more for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup rice vinegar, 4 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons smooth peanut butter recommended: Jiffy, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup canola oil, or as needed], title: Roasted Peanut Slaw, picturelink: null}, 7527: {instructions: For the soup: In a large saucepan, melt butter over medium heat and add onion, leek, celery, thyme, garlic, bacon, and bay leaf. Sweat the mixture over mediumlow heat without allowing it to color at all, stirring occasionally, for 5 or 6 minutes or until very tender. Add potatoes, stock, and cream. Liquid should cover potatoes if it does not, add a little water. Bring mixture to a simmer and cook, partially covered, for about 20 minutes, until potatoes are tender. Puree mixture in a blender and add creme fraiche. Push the soup through a fine strainer into a clean saucepan and season, to taste, with salt and white pepper. Cover and set aside.nFor the Knish: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cut puff pastry sheet into 4 3inch circles and 4 4inch circles. In medium saucepan, combine potato with milk and water and bring to a simmer over medium high heat. Simmer, partially covered, for about 20 minutes or until potato is tender. Drain.nMeanwhile, in small saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon butter over medium heat and add onion. Saute 3 to 4 minutes, until softened, then remove from heat and stir in parsley. Put potato through a food mill or mash with a masher or hand blender and stir in butter and parsley mixture. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nRinse a large baking sheet with cold water. Set the 4 smaller circles of puff pastry on baking sheet and mound about 2 tablespoons of mashed potato in center of each circle, leaving edges clear for attaching pastry tops. Brush edges of circles with a little beaten egg. Score each of the 4 larger circles with the back of a knife in a lattice pattern, and using a 14inch aspic or biscuit cutter, cut a small circular vent hole in the center. Form these circles into domes with hands and fit over the mashed potatoes, pressing down firmly around eggwashed edges to form a good seal. Brush knishes with remaining beaten egg and bake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until puffed and golden.nAssembly: Place a knish in each of 4 heated soup bowls. Reheat soup gently, if necessary, and ladle some hot soup into each bowl around the knish. Or if you prefer, you can serve the knish on the side., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, 1 small onion, coarsely chopped, 1 medium leek, white part only, coarsely chopped, 1 rib celery, coarsely chopped, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 4 cloves garlic, crushed with a chefs knife, 1 slice applesmoked bacon or other smoky bacon, 1 bay leaf, 3 Idaho potatoes, peeled and sliced 14inch thick, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons creme fraiche, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 package frozen puff pastry, thawed according to package directions, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 large Idaho potato, peeled and quartered, 1 cup milk, 1 cup water, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons finely chopped yellow onion, 1 tablespoon finely chopped Italian flatleaf parsley, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: A Potato Soup with Flaky Potato Knish, picturelink: null}, 7528: {instructions: Heat the oil in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the onions, and cook until slightly browned. In a small bowl, combine the raisins, sugar, cloves, wine, stock, and vinegar. Stir it into the onions and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Stir and cook for 3 to 5 minutes more or until it is reduced and thick. Season with salt and pepper and keep warm.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nDust chops with the fivespice powder and salt and pepper, to taste. Heat the oil in an oven proof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Fry the chops for 2 minutes on each side. Put the pan with the chops into the oven and roast until cooked through, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the chops to a plate, cover, and keep warm. Stir the flour into the drippings in the pan. Pour in the Merlot and add the orange zest and beef stock. Put the pan onto mediumhigh heat and cook until slightly thickened. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.nTo serve, put the pork chops on warm plates, spoon on the chutney, and drizzle with sauce. Serve with roasted root vegetables and garnish with fresh rosemary., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 large red onion, sliced thin, 14 cup golden raisins, 3 tablespoons sugar, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 cup red wine, 14 cup beef stock, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Salt and pepper, 2 10ounce frenched pork rib chops, 14 teaspoon fivespice powder, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 14 cup Merlot, 2 tablespoons orange zest, 13 cup beef stock, Roasted root vegetables, to serve, Rosemary sprigs, for garnish], title: Pan Roasted Frenched Pork Rib Chop with FiveSpice, Caramelized Onion Chutney and Orange Dusted Merlot Demi, picturelink: null}, 7529: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 12inch ring moldnFor the bacon and tangerine dressing: Strain the tangerine juice through a mesh strainer into a small saute pan. Bring the juice to a simmer and reduce to a syrup consistency, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool.nHeat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Cook the bacon in a little olive oil until crispy, about 7 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain, reserving the fat from the pan in a small bowl.nWhisk together the mustard, 2 tablespoons of reserved bacon fat, the tangerine zest and the tangerine reduction in a small bowl.nFor the crostini: Preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Toast the fennel seeds in a small saute pan over medium heat until fragrant, about 3 minutes, and then grind in a spice grinder. Brush both sides of the baguette slices with a little olive oil and season generously with salt, black pepper and ground fennel seed. Grill until the bread is toasted, 3 minutes per side. Remove and reserve.nFor the tartar: Combine the yellowtail, parsley, capers, vinegar, mustard, chipotle puree, scallions, thyme, shallots, lemon juice and a drizzle of olive oil in a large bowl. Adjust the seasoning with salt and black pepper. Plate with the ring mold.nDrizzle some of the dressing around the plate and garnish with reserved bacon pieces. Dress the bulls blood and chervil with some of the vinaigrette, season with salt and black pepper, and use to garnish the tartar. Serve with the crostini on the side., ingredients: [3 tangerines, zested and juiced, 1 pound sliced bacon, cut into 14inch strips, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon wholegrain mustard, 2 tablespoons fennel seeds, 1 baguette, sliced into 14inchthick slices, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound yellowtail tuna, 14inch dice, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, picked and chopped, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons wholegrain mustard, 1 teaspoon chipotle puree, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 3 fresh thyme sprigs, leaves picked and finely chopped, 1 shallot, brunoised, 12 lemon, juiced, Olive oil, for drizzling, Bulls blood, for garnish, Chervil, for garnish], title: Yellowtail Tartar with Bacon and Tangerine Dressing, picturelink: null}, 7530: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to boil for the pasta. In a large saute pan over medium heat melt butter with oil. Add chicken sausage and brown, 3 to 4 minutes, breaking up large chunks with a wooden spoon. Add onions, jalapenos and garlic and saute until softened, about 5 minutes. Add green pepper, paprika, Italian seasoning, salt and pepper, to taste, and cook 3 minutes more.nGenerously salt the pasta water and add the rigatoni. Cook until al dente, about 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, add tomatoes to the sauce and bring to a simmer, for about 10 minutes. Add vodka and cream and cook a few minutes more. Toss in cheese and chopped parsley. To serve, drain the pasta well and add to the sauce. Mix until pasta is nicely coated. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound chicken sausage, casings removed, 12 cup roughly chopped onion, 1 jalapeno, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup roughly chopped green pepper, 1 teaspoon Hungarian hot paprika, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 28ounce can whole tomatoes with basil, 13 cup vodka, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 pound rigatoni, 1 cup grated Asiago cheese, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Chicken Sausage Rigatoni in a Spicy Vodka Sauce, picturelink: X0K5s2Z8eNWfYbBLUgPJ7GgWKUeXc8G}, 7531: {instructions: For cake: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Grease bottoms of 12inch, 9inch and 4inch round pans and line them with parchment or wax paper. Sift together flour and baking powder. Set aside. Cream together butter and sugar until fluffy. Set aside. Beat egg whites until stiff, but not dry. Set aside.nWith mixer at low speed, alternately add flour and milk to butter. Beat in vanilla. Gently fold in egg whites and pour into prepared pans. Bake until toothpick inserted into center comes out clean.nFor mousse: Melt white chocolate in double boiler or very carefully in microwave. Cool. Whip cream until soft peaks form. On low speed, pour in cooled, melted white chocolate.nFor buttercream: Cream together shortening and butter. Add vanilla. Gradually add sugar 1 cup at a time, beating well on medium speed. Scrape sides often. Add milk and beat at medium speed.nTo assemble: Spread raspberries over both the 12inch and 9inch layers of prepared cake. Top each with raspberries, approximately 12inches apart. Place 9inch cake layer on top of 12inch layer. Place 4inch layer on very top. Decorate with buttercream.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [6 cups sifted cake flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 12 cups unsalted butter, 3 cups sugar, 12 egg whites, 2 cups milk, 1 teaspoon clear vanilla extract, 2 cups nondairy whipping cream, 14 cup white chocolate dots, 12 cup solid vegetable shortening, 12 cup unsalted butter softened, 1 teaspoon clear vanilla extract, 4 cups powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons cream, Fresh raspberries], title: White Chocolate Cake with Fresh Raspberries, picturelink: null}, 7532: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees.nIn a large bowl, toss the broccoli with the oil and salt and pepper to taste. Arrange the florets in a single layer on a baking sheet and roast, turning once, for 12 minutes, or until just tender.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the garlic and lemon zest and heat, stirring, for about 1 minute. Let cool slightly and stir in the lemon juice. Place the broccoli in a serving bowl, pour the lemon butter over it and toss to coat. Scatter the toasted pine nuts over the top., ingredients: [1 pound broccoli florets, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted], title: Roasted Broccoli with Lemon Garlic Butter and Toasted Pine Nuts, picturelink: null}, 7533: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Butter a 12cup muffin pan. In a large mixing bowl, mix together the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and pepper. Make a well in the center of the mixture and add the egg, buttermilk, oil, corn, chiles and cayenne. Whisking from the center, combine the ingredients into a loose and slightly lumpy batter. Pour the batter into the prepared muffin cups, place a chile stem end upright in the top of each muffin and bake for 15 minutes, or until the muffins begin to pull away from the sides of the pan. Place the pan on a rack to cool for about 10 minutes, and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup medium cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 cup buttermilk, 6 tablespoons melted butter or vegetable oil, 1 cup corn kernels from about 2 ears, or bestquality corn, 12 serrano chiles, roasted, 14 teaspoon cayenne], title: Spicy Cornbread with Green Chiles, picturelink: null}, 7534: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a cupcake pan with liners, or spray with nonstick baking spray.nAdd the roasted beets and oil into a blender or food processor. Turn to the highest setting and puree until the mixture becomes a thick liquid. Add the buttermilk, butter, almond extract, vanilla extract and eggs and pulse to combine.nIn a separate bowl, whisk the flour, sugar, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt together until well incorporated.nAdd the dry mixture to the wet mixture and pulse until there are no lumps and the two are combined. Spoon the batter into the prepared cupcake pan and place into the oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool completely in the pan on a rack.nFor the frosting: With an electric mixer on high speed, beat the cream cheese in a medium bowl until very smooth, 2 to 3 minutes. On low speed, beat in the confectioners sugar, sour cream, and some of the orange zest until blended, 1 to 2 minutes.nFrost each cupcake with about 2 tablespoons of the frosting and garnish with pecans, coconut, and reserved orange zest., ingredients: [6 small roasted beets, 14 cup canola oil, 34 cup lowfat buttermilk, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 12 cups cake flour, 1 12 cups raw granulated sugar, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder not Dutch processed, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, One 8ounce package reducedfat cream cheese, such as Neufchatel, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup reducedfat sour cream, Zest of 1 orange, reserve some for topping, 14 cup toasted chopped pecans, 14 cup toasted coconut], title: Bobbys Red Velvet Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 7535: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Beat the egg and water in a small bowl with a fork or whisk.nStir the muenster cheese, parmesan cheese, onion and garlic powder in a medium bowl.nUnfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Brush the pastry sheet with the egg mixture. Top with the cheese mixture and spinach. Starting with a short side, roll up like a jelly roll. Cut into 20 12inch slices. Place the slices, cutside down, onto baking sheets. Brush the slices with the egg mixture.nBake for 15 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown. Remove the pastries from the baking sheets and let cool on wire racks for 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 egg, 1 tablespoon water, 12 cup shredded Muenster cheese or mozzarella cheese, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 green onion, chopped about 2 tablespoons, 18 teaspoon garlic powder, Allpurpose flour, 12 of a 17.3ounce package Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 1 sheet, thawed, 1 package about 10 ounces frozen chopped spinach, thawed and well drained], title: SpinachCheese Swirls, picturelink: 2fZiy8V52CdWRHAEPWEZ5i52PNXhz.}, 7536: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPour rum over raisins and microwave on high for 25 seconds to plump raisins let sit 10 minutes.nIn a large bowl, combine the apples, lemon juice, cinnamon, sugar, and plumped raisins.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the oil and egg whites, being sure to mix them well.nPlace 1 sheet of phyllo on work surface and lightly brush with the oilegg white mixture. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon each of sugar, panko, and almonds, then top with another layer of phyllo and repeat the process four times. Place the last sheet of phyllo on top of the sugar mixture and brush it with the with oilegg white mixture, but do not top with more sugar, panko, and almonds.nPlace the apple mixture on the lower 13 of the phyllo stack, being sure to leave a 2inch border. Gently lift the bottom edge of the phyllo stack to cover the filling, then fold the side edges over. Continue to roll the stack away from you, until the filling is completely sealed in and the seam is on the bottom.nTransfer to the lined baking sheet, brush the top with the oilegg white mixture and sprinkle with 1 more tablespoon of sugar. Place in oven and bake for 30 minutes. Let cool before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons dark rum, 12 cup raisins, 2 to 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, halved, and sliced 18inch thick, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 cup sugar, plus 14 cup, for sprinkling, 5 sheets phyllo dough, 2 egg whites, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup panko bread crumbs, 14 cup chopped almonds, Cinnamon, for garnish, Powdered sugar, for garnish, Caramel sauce, for garnish storebought], title: Apple Strudel, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 7537: {instructions: Combine vinaigrette with a touch of mustard and hoisin sauce season to taste with salt and pepper and toss with prepared chicken.nToss chicken with bell pepper and serve over washed lettuce serve more dressing on the side if you wish., ingredients: [12 cup Vinaigrette, Dijon mustard and hoisin to taste, 1 pound cooked chicken meat from a barbecued or roasted deli chicken cut into large chunks, Slivers of red or yellow bell pepper, Fresh romaine lettuce or spinach, washed], title: Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 7538: {instructions: Preheat grill pan to high. Brush chops with a little olive oil. Combine dry spice blend in a small container, cover and shake to combine. Rub spice blend into the chops on both sides. Grill chops 7 to 8 minutes, turning once, for medium rare, 10 to 12 minutes for medium to medium well. Serve with wedges of lemon., ingredients: [6 loin lamb chops, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, a palm full, 2 teaspoons ground turmeric, eyeball it, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 13 palm full, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 12 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, 1 lemon, wedged], title: Moroccan Rub Lamb Chops, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 7539: {instructions: Combine the cranberries, orange juice, sugar and cinnamon sticks in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves and cranberries start to pop, about 5 minutes. Let cool completely, then combine with the bourbon in a pitcher.nTo serve, pour into glasses over ice and garnish with an orange peel., ingredients: [2 cups fresh cranberries, 1 cup orange juice, 13 cup sugar, 3 cinnamon sticks, 1 liter about 4 cups bourbon, Orange peels, for garnish], title: BourbonCranberry Cocktail, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 7540: {instructions: Make the scones: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk the flour, baking powder, salt, granulated sugar and shredded coconut in a bowl. Beat in the butter with a mixer on low speed, then raise the speed to high and beat until the mixture is in coarse crumbles.nWhisk the coconut milk, eggs and coconut extract in another bowl, then stir into theflour mixture until just combined. Stir in the pecans do not overmix.nScoop 2to3inch mounds of dough onto the prepared baking sheets a large ice cream scoop works well for this. Sprinkle the tops with sugar and bake until golden brown, 15 to 17 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the glaze: Whisk the coconut milk, coconut and vanilla extracts and 12 cup confectioners sugar in a bowl until smooth, adding more sugar as needed to thicken. Drizzle over the scones while still slightly warm.nPhotograph by Kate Mathis, ingredients: [4 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup granulated sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 2 cups shredded coconut, 3 sticks cold unsalted butter, cubed, 1 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 2 cups pecans, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsweetened coconut milk, 14 teaspoon coconut extract, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 to 1 cup confectioners sugar], title: Coconut Scones with Coconut Glaze, picturelink: JGQ3nNzFxLLpQDXCiUZMbiMcaQJYVPy}, 7541: {instructions: Smash the garlic cloves, sprinkle with a generous pinch of salt, and, with the flat side of a large knife, mash and smear mixture to a coarse paste. Mix the paste and the remaining 1 tablespoon salt with the meat, onion, parsley, and spices.nLine a pan with aluminum foil. Divide the meat mixture into 28 rough balls. Mold each piece around the pointed end of a skewer if you use wooden ones, soak them in water for 15 minutes before threading them, making a 2inch oval kebab that comes to a point just covering the tip of the skewer. Lay the skewers on the pan, cover, and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 12 hours.nHeat a grill pan over medium heat or prepare a grill. Brush the pan lightly with olive oil. Working in batches, grill the kebabs, turning occasionally, until brown all over and just cooked through, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve with tzatziki and flat bread.nIf youre using plain whole milk yogurt, line a small sieve with a coffee filter. Put the yogurt in it, set it over a bowl, and refrigerate 12 hours. Discard the expressed liquid and put yogurt in the bowl.nGrate the cucumber on the large holes of a box grater into another bowl. Sprinkle with the 2 teaspoons salt and rub into the cucumber with your hands. Set aside 20 minutes, then squeeze the cucumbers to express as much liquid as possible.nSmash the garlic, sprinkle with a generous pinch of salt, and, with the flat side of a large knife, mash and smear the mixture to a coarse paste. Stir the cucumber, garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, and mint into the yogurt. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus a pinch, 1 pound ground beef chuck or lamb, 3 tablespoons grated onion, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, Freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for brushing the grill, Tzatziki, recipe follows, Grilled flat bread, 2 cups plain whole milk yogurt or 1 cup Middle Easternstyle plain yogurt, 1 medium cucumber, peeled, halved, and seeded, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus a pinch, 12 clove garlic, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon dried mint, crumbled], title: Kofta Kebabs with Tzatziki, picturelink: null}, 7542: {instructions: Coat a large saucepan generously with extra virgin olive oil. Add the onions and bring to a medium high heat. Season generously with salt and add the crushed red pepper. Saute until the onions are translucent and very aromatic, about 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for another minute. Add the tomatoes. Fill the tomato can with water and add to the pan. Season with salt and cook over medium heat for about 10 to 15 minutes or until the water has reduced. Add the squash, stock, and bay leaf. Taste for seasoning and season with salt if needed. Cook until the squash is cooked through and most of the liquid has absorbed, about 20 to 30 minutes.nBring a pan of wellsalted water to a boil. Add the fregula and cook until it is cooked through but still al dente, about 8 to 10 minutes. Strain and add to the pot with tomatoes and squash. Stir to incorporate. Add more stock or water if the mixture is dry and cook longer if it is too soupy. When done it should have a stewlike consistency. Stir in the chives. This will be really good today but even better tomorrow, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, cut into 12inch dice, Kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped, 1 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, passed through a food mill, 2 cups peeled and diced 14inch pieces butternut squash, 1 to 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock, Bay leaf, 1 12 cups medium fregula or Israeli couscous, 1 bunch chives, finely chopped], title: Fregula with Braised Butternut Squash and Tomatoes, picturelink: d2S4WBlzVoMwWlNHa4TeKIARzTJFH6a}, 7543: {instructions: Melt butter in a heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat, and then add all ingredients and saute for about 2 minutes or until a little crispy, stirring gently so as not to break up the sliced almonds. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup pecans halves, 12 cup raw sliced almonds, 14 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Cinnamon Pecans and Almonds, picturelink: DC0MyI98a8.dKHylorW9x63ssVVGxLC}, 7544: {instructions: Special equipment: electric mixernFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F and position a rack in the middle. Butter an 8inch square baking pan.nPour the batter into the baking pan and smooth the top. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool completely on a rack.nTo assemble the black  tans: Invert the cooled cake onto a work surface and cut it into 6 equal rectangles. Cut each rectangle into squares about the size of ice cubes. Set out six Pilsner or similar glasses. Put 2 rounded scoops of ice cream into each glass. Divide the cake cubes evenly among the glasses, then add 12 scoop of ice cream to each glass, mounding it slightly in the center. Top with softly whipped cream to look like the frothy head on a pint of stout, allowing a drip to edge over the side. Serve immediately.nChocolate Cake BatternSift the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt onto a piece of waxed paper or into a medium bowl.nWith an electric mixer on medium speed, beat the butter and the sugar until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the oil, beating well. Beat in the egg, then the vanilla. On low speed, add the dry ingredients in 3 batches, alternating with the buttermilk, beginning and ending with the dry ingredients, scraping down the sides of the bowl and mixing just until the batter is smooth., ingredients: [Chocolate Cake Batter, recipe follows, 2 pints storebought vanilla or coffee ice cream, 1 cup heavy cream, softly whipped, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 tablespoons 1 2 stick unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup sugar, 14 cup canola oil, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup buttermilk shake before measuring], title: Black and Tans, picturelink: gRTIGKsY.tA9BmNmESh4hG4JPOLZpn6}, 7545: {instructions: Leaving the shell on the shrimp intact, cut the shell lengthwise down the back with scissors or a very sharp knife. Remove and discard the sand vein.nIn a medium bowl, place 2 cups warm water and add 2 teaspoons salt stir to dissolve. Place the shrimp in the salt water and swirl. Leave the shrimp in the salt water for 5 minutes, then rinse with cold water and drain. Pat dry on paper towels.nMix sauce ingredients together in a small serving bowl. Serve with poached shrimp.nPlace 2 quarts water in a 4quart saucepan and cook on high heat until boiling. Add the shrimp and cook until water comes to a boil again. Turn off heat and remove shrimp with a slotted spoon to a platter. Serve with the sauce., ingredients: [1 12 pounds bamboo shrimp, 12 cup lite soy sauce, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 14 teaspoon sugar], title: Poached Bamboo Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 7546: {instructions: Preheat grill or oven to 400 degrees.n1 Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat and add the onions garlic, and jalapeno, saute until soft.n2 Then add all the rest of the ingredients, and bring to a boil. Reduce to a low simmer, and cook for 3545 minutes.n3 Rub the ribs with olive oil, and season with salt, pepper, and paprika. Place them in the center of a large piece of aluminum foil, and wrap them up. Make sure to secure the sides well but keeping the foil around the ribs loose.n4 Roast the ribs in the foil either on the grill or in the oven for 3040 minutes.n5 Carefully remove the ribs from the foil and baste them with the simmered sauce. Grill or broil the ribs for about 4 minutes per side, basting to encrust flavor. Slice and serve., ingredients: [2 racks of baby back ribs, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup vidalia onions, finely chopped, 4 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 jar of store bought salsa, pureed mild, med, or hot, 1 jalapeno pepper, finely chopped, 1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 cup of Jose Cuervo Authentic Margarita, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, Smoked Paprika], title: Kicked up Cuervo Ribs, picturelink: 8RJzsK26xBaJVrgac6o2BoxZEfs9zmq}, 7547: {instructions: Insert kitchen shears into the carcass and make a few cuts to get you started. Then, use your hands to carefully pull the carcass into 4 or 5 pieces.nCombine the carcass, onions, carrots, celery, parsley, garlic, peppercorns and bay leaves in a stockpot. Cover with cold water about 7 quarts.nBring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low. Simmer about 2 hours, occasionally skimming any foam or fat from the surface with a large spoon or ladle.nPour through a large mesh strainer into a pot discard the solids. Cool slightly, then refrigerate in covered containers for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 2 months.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [1 turkey carcass from a roasted bird, 2 onions, cut into chunks, 2 carrots, cut into chunks, 3 stalks celery, cut into chunks, 1 bunch fresh parsley, 4 cloves garlic, smashed unpeeled, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 2 bay leaves], title: Turkey Broth, picturelink: Q233eS7UTS9ieAuwDeT58VZUt9tKSGq}, 7548: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees. Heat a large oven proof skillet over high heat. Add the clams, onions, curry powder and butter. Toss until onions start to brown. Top the clams with all the remaining ingredients except the heavy cream and scallions. Bring to a boil, transfer to the oven and roast for 9 minutes, turn the clams and roast for about 9 to 10 minutes longer, until they pop open. Transfer the clams and most of the solids to 2 serving bowls. On the stovetop, over a medium high flame, add the cream to the liquid left in the skillet. Stir constantly until the cream is completely incorporated. Divide the liquid between the 2 bowls, top with scallions and serve immediately with a generous spoonful of rice per bowl.nNote: Instead of rice, you may serve the clams with mashed potatoes or creamy polenta. If you would like to serve the clams as an appetizer, divide among 4 bowls and omit the rice., ingredients: [24 littleneck clams, 2 large onions, peeled, halved and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup water, 1 12 cups chopped canned tomatoes in heavy puree, 14 cup heavy cream, 3 scallions, cut into julienne], title: Venetian Curried Clams, picturelink: null}, 7549: {instructions: Heat pastrami and thinly slice. Spread mustard on both top and bottom slices of rye bead. Layer pastrami on 1 slice of bread.and top with the other slice. Garnish with pickle., ingredients: [10 ounces hot pastrami, 2 ounces deli mustard, 2 slices rye bread, Pickle, for garnish], title: Coming to America, picturelink: null}, 7550: {instructions: Heat the oil in a deep saucepot or small fryer to 350 degrees F.nNext, in a bowl, whisk together the eggs and milk, ensuring to mix well. Then place in a shallow pan.nTo bread the fish, evenly sprinkle both sides of the fillets with the salt and pepper, then dip in the seasoned flour and tap off any excess. Follow with the egg wash and finish with the cornmeal. The breading should be evenly over the fillets. Proceed to place in the heated oil and cook for 3 minutes. Then flip and finish for 2 minutes. The crust should be golden brown and crisp. Then remove from the oil and place on a papertowellined platter.nTo finish, drizzle with lemon juice and serve., ingredients: [2 quarts vegetable oil, 4 whole eggs, 2 cups milk, 4 fillets catfish, 6 to 8 ounces each, 1 tablesooon salt, 1 teaspoon ground pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, seasoned with 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, 2 cups white cornmeal, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Fried Catfish, picturelink: axjXoa4Bx1ROFccXIzZQPOdxKMHtPa}, 7551: {instructions: Place butter, vanilla, sugar, and flour in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on medium speed until well combined. Transfer to a work surface.nDivide dough in half. Return half to the mixer, and add cocoa powder. Mix until well combined. Wrap dough in plastic, and store, refrigerated, until ready to use.nPlace 20 ounces of the darkcolored dough between 2 pieces of parchment paper. Roll out to a 7 by 12inch rectangle, about 13inchthick. Repeat with 20 ounces white dough. Chill both rectangles at least 30 minutes.nPlace 12 ounces of the darkcolored dough between 2 pieces of parchment paper. Roll out to a 4 34 by 12inch rectangle. Repeat with 12 ounces white dough. Chill at least 15 minutes.nPlace 6 ounces of the darkcolored dough on a clean work surface. Roll into a 12inch long log, about 34inch in diameter. Repeat with 6 ounces white dough. Wrap in parchment. Chill at least 15 minutes.nRemove top piece of parchment from the smaller black rectangle. Unwrap white log, and place lengthwise on black rectangle. Using bottom piece of parchment for support, wrap black dough around the white log, pressing with fingers to seal seam. Roll log back and forth to smooth seam.nRepeat above step with the black log and the smaller rectangle of white dough.nRemove the top piece of parchment from the larger white rectangle. Place white log wrapped in black dough lengthwise on the white rectangle. Using bottom piece of parchment for support, wrap white dough around log, pressing with fingers to seal them. Roll log back and forth to smooth seam.nRepeat above step with the black log wrapped in white dough and the larger rectangle of black dough. Wrap both logs in parchment. Chill for 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment. Remove parchment from logs, and cut into 14inch thick rounds place on prepared baking sheets, about 2 inches apart.nBake cookies until barely golden, about 15 minutes. Transfer cookies to a wire rack to cool. Bake or freeze remaining dough. Store in an airtight container up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [4 cups 8 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 7 12 cups bread flour, 13 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder], title: Bulls Eye Cookies, picturelink: null}, 7552: {instructions: For the bratwurst: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nBring the beer to a simmer in a pot with the apples, sliced onions, salt and pepper. Add in the brats and simmer, turning once, until cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes. Strain out the solids and reserve 1 cup of the beer base.nBrown the sausages on the grill to add color and texture, 5 to 6 minutes.nFor the beer mushtard: Mix the mustard, jalapenos, mayonnaise and 1 to 2 tablespoons of the reserved beer base in a bowl. Adjust the thickness with more beer base if necessary.nFor the sandwich build, place the grilled brats on the pretzel buns, followed by some beer mushtard and Caramelized Onions.nAdd the oil and sliced onions to a skillet and stir to combine. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook over mediumlow heat, undisturbed, until the bottoms of the onions begin to caramelize, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir only once and keep for another 5 minutes undisturbed. Once the onions are golden and soft, set aside. Add water if necessary to help deglaze the pan throughout the cooking process., ingredients: [2 cans lager or pilsner beer, 3 medium Granny Smith apples, peeled and sliced, 1 onion, sliced, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 fresh bratwurst, 12 cup stoneground mustard, 1 to 2 tablespoon pickled jalapenos, chopped, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 8 pretzel rolls, Caramelized Onions, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 medium yellow onions, sliced thin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Bears Brat, picturelink: null}, 7553: {instructions: Cook onion and garlic in hot oil until tender but not brown. Add remaining ingredients simmer uncovered 5 minutes. Use for marinating and basting poultry or shrimp., ingredients: [14 cup finely chopped onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup canola oil, 12 ounces pear nectar, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon dried rosemary leaves, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Herb and Honey Bbq Sauce, picturelink: null}, 7554: {instructions: Roughly chop and saute the onion. Puree in blender with dry chiles and water. Add black bean sauce, sweet chili sauce, and tomato paste and puree. Adjust flavor with sugar. Add water, as needed, to reach desired consistency.nFill wok with enough oil to fry or poach the beef. Slice the beef into strips and coat lightly with potato starch. Carefully fry in hot oil for 2 minutes.nAdd enough sauce to coat meat. Just before plating add scallions, cilantro, and peanuts. Garnish with steamed choi sum., ingredients: [12 medium onion, 10 pieces small dry chile, Water, 12 small can black bean sauce, 1 bottle sweet chili sauce, 8 ounces tomato paste, 4 ounces sugar, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 12ounce NY strip steak, 1 cup potato starch, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 1 bunch cilantro leaves, chopped, 6 ounces peanuts, 4 pieces choi sum baby bok choy may be substituted, steamed], title: King Pao Beef, picturelink: null}, 7555: {instructions: For the syrup: Heat the sugar, honey, water, and brandy over mediumhigh heat until the sugar has dissolved. Turn heat to low and add in cloves, cinnamon stick, and orange rind. Simmer for 5 to 6 minutes and remove from the heat. Remove the orange, cloves and cinnamon stick and cool.nPreheat oven to 350 degree F.nFor the Cake: In a medium bowl mix together walnuts, flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and clove.nIn a medium bowl, with an electric mixer, whip together the butter and sugar until fluffy. Slowly add in the egg yolks and continue whipping. Add in the walnut mixture slowly, and mix until well blended.nIn a very clean bowl, with an electric mixer, whip the egg whites until soft peaks form. Fold the egg whites into the batter until the mixture is completely incorporated.nGrease a 12 by 9inch baking pan. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Place the pan in the oven and bake until the cake is golden brown, about 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and pour the syrup over the cake, until it is drenched in syrup. Cover with a kitchen towel and let cool. Cut into diamonds and serve., ingredients: [1 cup superfine sugar, 14 cup honey, 34 cup water, 1 tablespoon brandy, 4 cloves, 1 cinnamon stick, 3 pieces orange rind, pith removed, 2 12 cups walnuts, finely ground, 1 cup flour, sifted, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch ground clove, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 14 cup of superfine sugar, 4 eggs, separated], title: Karythopitta: Walnut Cake, picturelink: null}, 7556: {instructions: Fill a big bowl with ice. Add all ingredients, garnish with oranges and cherries. Add straws and drink up., ingredients: [4 ounces vodka, 3 ounces peach schnapps, 3 ounces amaretto, Splash cranberry juice, Splash orange juice, Orange slices, for garnish, Cherries, for garnish], title: Code Red, picturelink: wNFwg94imaBMl2yGJcc4zFpnUqSSM2}, 7557: {instructions: Begin by making galette dough. Whisk egg yolk and vinegar together in a small cup or bowl and add ice water. In a food processor, pulse flour, salt and butter until a course, crumbly meal forms. Add liquid and quickly run processor just until a ball of dough forms. Immediately stop processor, remove dough and flatten into a disk. Wrap dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 30 minutes or until ready to use.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Put rockfish on a lightly greased sheet pan and season with lemon zest, lemon juice, salt and crab boil seasoning, to taste. Roast until fish is firm to the touch and flakes easily, about 15 to 20 minutes depending on thickness of fillets. Set aside.nRemove galette dough from refrigerator, lightly dust with flour and roll out to 14 to 12 inch thick. Using a 1 12 to 2 cookie cutter, or a lightly floured glass, cut dough into circles and put on a lightly greased baking sheet. Score each circle with the tines of a fork and bake for 1012 minutes, or until golden brown. If the galettes are puffing up too much, put a second, ungreased cookie sheet on top of the first to weight the dough down slightly.nRemove galettes from oven and top with warm flaked rockfish, truffle oil and chives if using. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound Rockfish Striped Bass fillets, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Salt and crab boil seasoning, recommended: Old Bay, 1 large egg yolk, 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar, 13 cup about ice water, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks chilled butter, cut into 12 pieces, Truffle Oil and chives to garnish optional], title: Rockfish Galettes, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 7558: {instructions: Toss 16 halved fresh figs, 12 cup chopped pecans, 14 cup sugar and 1 tablespoon each honey, lemon juice and water in a shallow baking dish. Dot with 1 tablespoon chopped butter. Roast at 425 degrees F until juicy, about 20 minutes. Spoon the juices over the figs, then continue roasting until syrupy, about 10 more minutes. Serve over vanilla ice cream.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Roasted Fig Sundaes, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 7559: {instructions: In a medium bowl, blend the yogurt, raisins, onion, curry powder, salt, pepper, turmeric, and vinegar. Stir in the cold rice and bell peppers. Refrigerate. Serve on a bed of lettuce leaves., ingredients: [13 cup plain lowfat yogurt, 1 tablespoon raisins, 1 tablespoon minced onion, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, 18 teaspoon ground turmeric, 2 teaspoons cider vinegar, 1 cup white rice, cooked and cooled, 14 cup coarsely chopped green bell pepper, 14 cup coarsely chopped red bell pepper, Lettuce leaves, for serving], title: Rice Salad, picturelink: null}, 7560: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel the potatoes, and cut them into batons that are about the length and width of your index finger.nPreheat a deep pot of oil to 325 degrees F.nFor the first fry, deep fry potatoes in the oil for 5 to 6 minutes, or until a light golden color. Do not over load fryer. Fry in 3 batches if necessary. Remove the potatoes using a slotted spoon, and allow them to cool to room temperature.nRaise the temperature of the oil to 375 degrees F.nFor the second fry, deepfry the potatoes for 2 minutes, or until crispy. Remove potatoes, and transfer into a colander or bowl. While still hot, salt the potatoes.nServe with favorite dipping sauce.nMix all ingredients together.nMix all ingredients together, ingredients: [6 baking potatoes, like russets, 1 quart vegetable or peanut oil, Salt, Curry Ketchup, recipe follows, for dipping, Honey Mustard Mayo, recipe follows, for dipping, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 5 ounces ketchup, 5 ounces mayonnaise, 14 finely chopped onion, 5 ounces mayonnaise, 4 ounces mustard, 1 teaspoon honey], title: Pommes Frites, picturelink: BMQPco2aMMDOUS9wtCRiCV2DUt9BViS}, 7561: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.nWash and core the apples, leaving the bottoms intact. In a bowl, combine the walnuts, brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, and 2 tablespoons of the maple syrup. Stuff the hollowedout center of each apple with the nut mixture.nPlace the apples upright and close together in the pan. Combine the apple juice with the remaining 2 tablespoons of maple syrup and pour around the apples. Cover the baking pan with aluminum foil and bake for about 45 minutes, until the apples are tender.nServe hot or cold with vanilla frozen yogurt or whipped cream, ingredients: [4 large cooking apples, such as Mutsu, Greening, or Rome Beauty, 12 cup chopped toasted walnuts, 2 tablespoons packed brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 12 cup unsweetened apple juice], title: Maple Walnut Baked Apples, picturelink: null}, 7562: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 F. In a shallow dish combine the sesame seeds, flour, salt and cayenne to taste. Dredge the chicken in the mixture, gently patting the coating onto it. In a large skillet, heat the butter and oil over moderate heat until hot. Add the chicken and cook it for 4 minutes on each side, or until golden brown. Transfer chicken to a platter. Add the flour to the skillet and cook it for 2 minutes. Add the chicken stock and cream and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring. Simmer the mixture until lightly thickened and season with the mustard and salt and pepper to taste. Arrange the chicken in a buttered baking dish, spoon the sauce over it and sprinkle with the bread crumbs. Bake, covered, with foil, for 30 minutes. Uncover and bake for 10 to 15 minutes more., ingredients: [13 cup toasted sesame seeds and All purpose flour, Salt and cayenne to taste, 3 pound chicken, cut into serving pieces, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 12 cups chicken stock, heated, 12 cup heavy cream or milk, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, or to taste, fresh bread crumbs to taste], title: Baked Chicken with Toasted Sesame Seeds, picturelink: null}, 7563: {instructions: In a medium sauce pan heat all the ingredients except the vodka to just about the boiling point. Let stand for 1 minute. Add cranberry vodka and stir. Pour into a heatresistant cocktail glass and garnish with a strawberry., ingredients: [6 oz. cranberry vodka I prefer Stoli, 1 pint cranberry juice, 2 oz. fresh lemon juice, 3 tsp. honey, 6 dashes angostura bitters, 12 tsp. cinnamon, Cinnamon stick garnish], title: Clarences Cranberry Toddy, picturelink: ZrUjGZSWLWXhTDDj1PEIalQdD4Q1i1G}, 7564: {instructions: To assemble: Use a pastry brush to coat the bottom half of each petal with a little Simple Syrup or warmed corn syrup. This will act as the glue to adhere the petals to the bud. Wrap the first petal around the base of the bud. Continue adding petals in the same fashion until you have formed the size of flower you would like. Gently squeeze the bottom of the bud so the petals open. You can also gently roll back the tops of the petals to achieve a more realistic appearance. Cut off the bottom of the bud. Place around the brim of the hat and add the leaves as desired.nTo make the ganache: If using gelatin sheets, place them in a mediumsize mixing bowl with enough cold water about 2 cups to cover. Let stand for about 5 minutes to allow the gelatin to soften and hydrate. Cold water hydrates the gelatin without letting it absorb too much liquid. Remove the gelatin from the bowl and squeeze out the excess water with your hands. If you use powdered gelatin, sprinkle the gelatin over 14 cup 1.75 ounces 50 grams of cold water. Let the gelatin bloom until it has absorbed all the water, about 1 minute. Place the chopped chocolate in a mediumsize mixing bowl. Pour the heavy cream in a 1quart heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat until bubbles begin to form around the edge of the pan. Remove from the heat and make a ganache by pouring the hot cream over the chocolate. Let stand for about 30 seconds to allow the heat to distribute throughout the bowl. Add the hydrated gelatin and gently stir the mixture with a rubber spatula. The hot cream will cause the chocolate and the gelatin to melt. Slowly mixing the heavy cream and chocolate together causes the fats in them to combine to form an emulsion. Stir the ganache until it is smooth and homogenous. Place the mixing bowl in the ice bath and stir the ganache occasionally so it cools evenly. The ganache is ready when it has thickened. Test this by using a rubber spatula to draw a line through it. If the line holds for 10 to 15 seconds, it is ready. If the line fills in immediately, the ganache is too warm. Keep cooling and retest every 30 seconds. The ganache should not cool so much that it begins to harden and set. If this happens, warm it up over a saucepan of simmering water, removing it every 10 seconds and whisking it gently until it is smooth and viscous.nTo finish the mousse: While the ganache is cooling, pour the heavy cream into another mediumsize mixing bowl and beat to soft peaks with an electric mixer on medium speed. Be careful if you overwhip the heavy cream, it will lose volume and the mousse will not be as light and airy. When the ganache is cool but not cold, fold in the whipped cream in 2 additions until combined. The ganache should not be so cold that it has begun to set and is grainy, yet is should be cool enough that it doesnt melt the whipped cream. If the mousse begins to seize while you are folding in the whipped cream, warm it up over a saucepan of simmering water 5 seconds at a time until it is smooth again. Do not warm it so much that the whipped cream begins to melt. Then fold in any remaining whipped cream. When all of the whipped cream has been incorporated, the mousse will be loose and pourable. Dont worry it will set up in the freezer.nPrepare the pound cake: Cut the pound cake into a 4inch flat circle and a 5 12inch flat circle. You want the larger circle to be just a bit smaller than the diameter of your mold. That way, the mousse will cover the edge and the cake wont show through the mold. Place the mousse into a pastry bag with a large opening no tip. Pipe the mousse into the dome mold, filling about two thirds full. Spread the mousse up the sides of the mold with the back of a large spoon. Place the smaller cake circle in the mousse. Soak the cake with the simple syrup. Fill with more mousse until almost full. Top with the larger cake circle and press down slightly. Soak the cake with the simple syrup. Place the mold in the freezer for at least 1 hour to allow the mousse to set. At this stage, the cake will hold in the freezer for up to 1 week. Spread a 18inch thick layer of tempered white chocolate onto a piece of parchment paper. Let the chocolate harden until firm but not set, about 5 minutes. To make the brim of the hat, trace around a 10inch cardboard cake circle or serving plate to cut a circle from the white chocolate. Place a clean sheet of parchment paper over the chocolate sheet and flip over both. Peel off the parchment paper. Separate the chocolate cutout and place on a cardboard cake circle.nTo assemble: Unmold by dipping the mold in hot water for 5 seconds. Press against one side of the mousse to slide it out of the dome mold. Place the dome, cake side down, in the center of the white chocolate circle. Prepare the paint sprayer: Place equal amounts of white chocolate and cocoa butter over a double boiler and melt until smooth with no lumps. Assemble the dessert and place in the freezer for about 10 minutes. The surface of the dessert must be chilled so the chocolate coating will harden upon contact, giving it the desired texture. Remove the dessert from the freezer and place on a platter or cake circle. Place the chocolate mixture in a clean paint sprayer and use it to spray the dessert with the chocolate. Cleanup will be much easier if you use a plasticlined cardboard box as a backdrop to the dessert when you spray it.nAdd the decorations. Let thaw in the refrigerator for about 1 hour before serving. The Bonnet will hold in the refrigerator for up to 24 hours.nYield: 6 to 8 servingsnSources:nTeam Torres LLCnwww.mrchocolate.comnPO Box 303nNew York, NY 101010303n2124894847n2124890142 faxn6inch Dome MoldnBerylu00bfs Cake Decorating  Pastry Suppliesnwww.beryls.comnPO Box 1584nNorth Springfield, VA 22151n8004882749n7037503779 faxnModeling chocolate in white or dark, assorted cutters, cocoa butter, powdered and paste food colorings, white and dark chocolatenSur La TablenCatalog Divisionnwww.surlatable.comn8002430852nSinsation Chocolate Tempering Machine cutter sets of assorted shapes and sizes, paste food colorings, ingredients: [1 14 cups heavy cream, 10.5 ounces, 300 grams, Storebought pound cake, Simple Syrup, White chocolate, tempered, 14 ounces, 400 grams, Cocoa butter, 14 ounces, 400 grams], title: Easter Bonnet, Part Two, picturelink: null}, 7565: {instructions: Peel and mash the garlic. Sprinkle garlic with the salt and chop to a fine paste. Mix well in a small bowl with the paprika, cayenne, cumin and oregano. Nick the rib roast in 8 places or so to allow the marinade to penetrate. Spread the marinade over the roast, cover, and marinate for 48 hours. When ready to prepare burritos, grill the roast until just past pink. Slice thinly., ingredients: [4 large cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon paprika, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 pound boneless rib roast of pork enough for 8 large burritos], title: Marinated and Grilled Boneless Rib Roast of Pork for Burritos, picturelink: null}, 7566: {instructions: Season skate with salt and pepper. Lightly brush both sides with mustard. Combine in a medium bowl, panko, parsley, and chives. Coat skate with panko mixture. Heat oil and butter in a large nonreactive saute pan over medium heat. Add skate and saute until golden brown, about 2 to 2 12 minutes on each side. In a small bowl, combine chervil, tarragon, and parsley. Drizzle with lemon juice. Season with sea salt. Spoon potatoes into center of each plate. Top with a skate wing. Place beets around skate and garnish with herb mixture.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F. Place potatoes in a large saucepan, and cover with cold water by 2 inches add salt. Bring to a simmer. Cook until potatoes are fork tender. Drain the potatoes and place on a baking sheet in the oven until completely dry, about 5 to 7 minutes. Place the cream and butter in a small saucepan set over mediumhigh heat. Pass the potatoes through a food mill fitted with the fine disk into a medium bowl. Add cream mixture stir to combine. Fold in horseradish, and season with salt and pepper. Yield: 4 servingsnPlace beets in 2 separate bowls. In a small bowl, whisk together vinegar and olive oil. Add caraway seeds, salt and pepper. Divide vinaigrette between beets. Cover with plastic wrap and chill overnight. Yield: 4 servings, ingredients: [4 medium skate wings, boned and skinned, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 cups panko Japanese bread crumbs, 12 bunch parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 14 bunch chives, cut into 14inch pieces, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 12 sprigs chervil, 16 tarragon leaves, 12 flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 lemon, juiced, Sea salt, for seasoning, Horseradish Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, Beet Salad, recipe follows, 3 Idaho potatoes, peeled and halved, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 1 large red beet, cooked, peeled, and cut into 14inch pieces, 1 large yellow beet, cooked, peeled, and cut into 14inch pieces, 1 12 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon caraway seeds, toasted and coarsely chopped, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper], title: HerbCrusted Skate, picturelink: null}, 7567: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, stir together the raisins, celery seeds, mayonnaise, sour cream and apple cider vinegar. Add the cabbage, carrots, and apples, then toss to combine. Taste and season with a pinch of salt and a grind or two of pepper. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [12 cup golden raisins, 12 teaspoon celery seeds, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 head savoy cabbage, shredded or sliced thin, 1 cup carrots, shredded about 4 small or 2 medium carrots, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and shredded, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: AppleRaisin Cole Slaw, picturelink: 8efmswq90Fbty2RG58o7T9UHt8t0uO}, 7568: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nHeat oil in a large heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and cook broccoli rabe, turning it with tongs, until wilted. Add remaining 14 cup water and pepper flakes and simmer, covered partially, until broccoli rabe is crisptender and almost all liquid is evaporated, about 2 minutes.nSpread pitas with hummus and top with broccoli rabe and Parmesan. Arrange pita pizzas on a large baking sheet and bake in middle of oven 10 minutes, or until edges are golden., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large bunch broccoli rabe, coarse and hollow stems discarded and the rest chopped about 9 cups, 14 cup water, 12 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 6 6inch pocketless pitas, 1 12 cups hummus recipe above, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese about 2 ounces], title: Broccoli Rabe and Chickpea Pita Pizzas, picturelink: null}, 7569: {instructions: Special equipment: parchment papernPosition 2 racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Cut four 16inch long sheets of parchment paper. Fold each sheet in half and open like a book. Divide the pieces of parchment between 2 baking sheets 2 pieces per sheet.nTrim away the tendon attached to the thicker part of the tenderloin with kitchen shears and discard. Sprinkle the chicken all over with 34 teaspoon salt.nCombine the soy sauce, sesame oil, rice vinegar, sambal, scallion whites, ginger, and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl. Place snow peas and shiitakes in a medium bowl and toss with 2 tablespoons of the soy sauce mixture.nMound 34 cup brown rice on each parchment sheet, placing it on one side of the fold, and drizzle with 1 tablespoon water. Top with the vegetables, and two chicken tenders per serving, tucking as many of the vegetables as possible under the chicken. Spoon about 2 teaspoons of the soy sauce mixture evenly over each serving of chicken. You should have some left over for drizzling later.nFold over the top half of the parchment, crimping and overlapping small folds along the open edge to seal tightly. Bake until the parchment puffs, 18 minutes chicken will be cooked through. Transfer the packets to plates and let stand 2 minutes. Avoiding the hot steam, carefully cut open the packets. Drizzle remaining soy sauce mixture over the chicken and rice. Top with scallion greens, cilantro, and sesame seeds., ingredients: [8 chicken tenders, about 1 pound, Kosher salt, 5 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons rice vinegar, 2 teaspoon sambal or chiligarlic sauce, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, greens and whites kept separately, 2 teaspoons finely grated ginger, 8 ounces snow peas, trimmed, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, caps sliced and stems discarded about 12, 3 cups frozen brown rice, 12 cup roughly chopped cilantro, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame seeds], title: GingerScallion Chicken Parchment Pack, picturelink: TZUiV.Aheo55siIDbo1zGMBbv707KK}, 7570: {instructions: Make the sauce: Combine the mayonnaise, parsley, scallions, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, and salt to taste in a bowl. Cover and refrigerate.nSlice the green tomatoes 14 inch thick and place in a large bowl. Combine the vinegar, sugar and 1 tablespoon salt in a saucepan. Put the pickling spice in a tea ball or tie in a square of cheesecloth with twine add to the saucepan along with the dill. Simmer over medium heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Add 2 cups cold water and pour over the green tomatoes. Let sit at room temperature 1 hour, 30 minutes.nWhisk the flour, cornmeal, chili powder and 1 teaspoon salt in a shallow dish. Whisk the eggs, 2 tablespoons water and 1 teaspoon salt in another shallow dish. Heat about 1 inch of peanut oil in a large skillet over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F.nDrain the green tomatoes and pat dry with a paper towel. Working in batches, dredge the green tomato slices in the flour mixture, then dip in the egg mixture and dredge again in the flour mixture. Fry in the hot oil, turning once, until the crust is golden, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt.nSpread each slice of bread with some of the sauce. Layer the fried green tomatoes and the yellow and red tomatoes evenly among 6 bread slices. Cover with the remaining bread slices.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [34 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 3 scallions, minced, 2 teaspoons green hot sauce, 1 12 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt, 6 medium green tomatoes about 1 12 pounds, 1 cup white vinegar, 14 cup sugar, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons pickling spice, 1 handful fresh dill leaves and stems, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornmeal, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 4 large eggs, Peanut oil, for frying, 12 slices brioche or potato bread Yellow and red tomatoes, sliced, for topping], title: Fried Green Tomato Sandwiches, picturelink: IB9SySbTEmeDrlpLUqz1uRH9FdmfWi}, 7571: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender but still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a large saute pan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the bread crumbs and 14 teaspoon each of the sea salt and pepper. Stirring constantly, cook the breadcrumbs until golden brown, about 2 minutes.nDrain the pasta, reserving 1 cup of the pasta water. Stir the pasta into the bread crumb mixture. Remove the pan from the heat and add the black and green olives. Add the Parmesan cheese and 3 tablespoons of the parsley. Season the pasta with salt and pepper, to taste. Gently toss to coat, adding reserved pasta water, if needed, to loosen the pasta. Transfer to a large serving bowl and garnish with the remaining parsley., ingredients: [1 pound spaghetti, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 23 cup seasoned dried bread crumbs, 14 teaspoon sea salt, plus more for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 34 cup pitted and roughly chopped black olives recommended: kalamata, 34 cup pitted and roughly chopped large green olives recommended: Bella Di Cerignola, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Spaghetti with Olives and Bread Crumbs, picturelink: avMhaaBrOWNZXT0h8uRNFnpdeJHahu}, 7572: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Melt butter and chocolate together in a metal bowl over simmering water. Remove from over water and set aside. In a large bowl, whisk together sugar, eggs and vanilla. Whisk only to blend. Add chocolate mixture and whisk gently. Add flour and salt and use the whisk to stir in until blended. Grease a 12 by 12inch square pan, and line the bottom with parchment. Pour a scant half of the brownie batter into pan and spread smooth. Place the 16 peanut butter cups upsidedown onto the batter, spacing them evenly in 4 rows of 4 the brownies will be cut into 16 squares, with a peanut butter cup in the center of each. Push the cups down into the batter slightly. Top with the remaining batter and gently spread smooth. Bake 30 minutes. Center will still be soft. Remove from oven and let cool in pan on wire rack. Cool completely before cutting, or for best cutting results, chill several hours or overnight in refrigerator. Cut into 16 3inch squares., ingredients: [10 ounces unsalted butter 2 12 sticks, 1 pound goodquality semisweet chocolate or bittersweet, chopped, 2 cups granulated sugar, 8 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 16 chocolatecovered peanut butter cups], title: Brownies with a Surprise, picturelink: null}, 7573: {instructions: Special equipment: a pressure cookernFor the roasted vegetable filling: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the cauliflower, potatoes, mushrooms, chickpeas, olive oil, curry powder, cumin, 2 teaspoons salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste. Mix well to coat evenly. Spread the vegetables in a large roasting pan and roast until browned and lightly charred around the edges, about 20 minutes. The cauliflower should still have a bite to it. Keep warm.nTo assemble the burritos: Slightly heat up a tortilla in a large pan or over the open flame of a burner this also helps prevent it from cracking when you roll it up. Smear a little of the Spicy Refried Beans down the middle. Add a pile of the roasted vegetables, then roll the end of the tortilla over the top of the filling, folding over both ends to hold the filling in place. Continue to roll over to form a tight log shape. Heat the canola in a large pan over medium heat. Place the burritos seamside down in the pan and cook until golden brown and sealed, 1 to 2 minutes. Top each burrito with a heaping spoonful of Spicy Peach Chutney, then a handful of cabbage, then some onion. Add queso fresco and yogurt to taste, if using. Serve with an extra side of Spicy Refried Beans and Spicy Peach Chutney.nCombine the peaches, turbinado sugar, apple cider vinegar, red onion, raisins, mustard seeds, ginger root, garam masala, turmeric, jalapenos, Fresno chile and garlic in a deep pot. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer, covered with the lid slightly ajar, until all the excess liquid boils away and it has a thick, jamlike texture, 45 to 60 minutes. Cool completely and store in an airtight jar or container in the refrigerator for up to 10 days.nSoak the beans in water overnight.nSet a pressure cooker on mediumhigh heat and add the oil. Add the onions and cook until translucent, 5 minutes. Add the garlic and jalapenos and cook until fragrant, 3 minutes. Add the cumin, drained beans, 2 tablespoons salt and 12 cups water. Cover with the lid and cook until the beans are tender, 30 to 45 minutes. Remove half of the beans and puree them in a blender with some of the liquid from the pot until completely smooth. Return the pureed beans to the pot with the remaining beans and mix together. Taste for seasoning and serve., ingredients: [1 large head cauliflower head, cut into small florets, 1 pound tricolor fingerling potatoes you may substitute any type of fingerling or small potato, 3 cups crimini mushrooms, cleaned and quartered, 2 cups canned chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons curry powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Six 12inch flour tortillas, Spicy Refried Beans, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 cup Spicy Peach Chutney, recipe follows, 12 cup diced white onion, 4 cups finely sliced white cabbage, 1 cup crumbled queso fresco, optional, 1 cup plain yogurt, optional, 4 pounds yellow peaches, peeled and pitted, or 4 cups frozen peaches thawed, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 12 cups turbinado sugar, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup diced red onion, 13 cup golden raisins, 3 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger root, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 2 jalapenos, seeded and diced, 1 red Fresno chile or cayenne, seeded and diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 cups dried pinto beans, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups diced yellow onions, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 2 jalapenos, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, Kosher salt], title: Roasted Cauliflower Burrito, picturelink: 3nd4sIAfIkXmY5cGOBm4uOX.Tym4o.}, 7574: {instructions: Pour 8 cups boiling water into a slow cooker. Add 16 chai tea bags secure the lid with the tea bag tabs hanging outside and steep 10 minutes. Remove the tea bags. Stir in 12 cup each spiced rum and vanillaflavored vodka and 2 cinnamon sticks. Cover and cook on low for 2 hours. Stir in 2 cups sweetened condensed milk switch to the warm setting until ready to serve. Ladle into mugs and garnish with cinnamon sticks.nIf you dont have a slow cooker, keep these drinks warm in a saucepan on the stovetop over low heat.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [], title: Country Christmas Tea, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 7575: {instructions: Preheat the broiler to high. Mix 4 tablespoons butter with the mustard and anchovy paste in a small bowl until smooth.nSpread the anchovy butter on the cut sides of the bread place butteredside up on a baking sheet and broil until toasted, 1 to 2 minutes. Set aside.nMelt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Crack in the eggs season with salt and pepper and let cook until the yolks just begin to firm up and the edges are slightly crisp, about 3 minutes.nAssemble the sandwiches: Place 2 bread halves on each of 4 plates top with a slice of pate, an egg, some cheese, greens and chives.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 to 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 1 to 2 teaspoons anchovy paste, 1 baguette, cut into 4 pieces, each halved lengthwise, 4 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 pound country pate or ham, cut into 4 slices, 2 ounces gruyere or comte cheese, thinly sliced, 1 cup frisee or other greens, Finely sliced chives, for garnish], title: Bistro Egg Sandwiches, picturelink: gbuYIlA2SoNn4Cfokkk0dX.VAGnyYZm}, 7576: {instructions: Heat the butter in a skillet over medium heat until melted. Add the garlic. Cook for a few seconds, and then add the shrimp and cook for 4 minutes. Add the spaghetti and cook until just heated through.nLay the lettuce on a plate and top with the spaghetti and shrimp. Squeeze lemon juice over the top and garnish with the remaining wedge., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 3 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 cup cooked spaghetti, Large lettuce leaf, for garnish, 2 lemon wedges], title: Taylors Shrimp with Spaghetti in GarlicButter Sauce, picturelink: xm8ztHj1EtsZZdvA15sLE9dATCHHC}, 7577: {instructions: Rub salt, black pepper, and red pepper into ribs. Place in deep baking dish, cover, and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Pour vinegar over the ribs and bake 1 12 hours. Rotate ribs 2 or 3 times during cooking.nRemove ribs from baking dish and place in a single layer on baking sheets. Bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour.nCut slabs between bones into individual ribs and place in a baking dish. Spoon sauce over them to coat lightly. Cover pan with aluminum foil and bake until heated through about 20 minutes. Serve with original sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 slabs pork spareribs about 3 12 pounds, 1 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 to 3 cups white wine vinegar, Sylvias Original Sauce], title: Sylvias World Famous Talked About Spareribs, picturelink: null}, 7578: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the grill to high.nBrush both sides of the mushroom caps with 4 tablespoons of the canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill, cap side down and grill until golden brown and slightly charred, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn the mushrooms over and continue cooking until just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes longer. Remove from the grill and coarsely chop.nWhisk together the shallots, vinegar, extra virgin olive oil and parsley in a medium bowl until combined and season with salt and pepper. Add the mushrooms and stir to coat. Let sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes before serving.nBrush both sides of the chicken with the remaining canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill, skin side down and grill until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip over, reduce the heat of the grill to medium, close the cover and continue grilling until just cooked through, about 7 minutes longer. Remove chicken from the grill and let rest 5 minutes before serving. Serve 1 breast per person topped with some of the shiitake vinaigrette. Garnish with parsley leaves., ingredients: [5 large shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, 6 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon wholegrain mustard, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, plus torn leaves for garnish, 4 bonein, skin on chicken breasts about 8 ounces each], title: Grilled Chicken Breasts with Shiitake Mushroom Vinaigrette, picturelink: UhpqvSjd3Nsi.f6Fdw.e7vYvE9.dG6}, 7579: {instructions: Mix potato, onion, and milk with the spices and set aside for 10 minutes. Add the meat and mix well. Fry a test meatball to make sure that the flavor is perfect. If not, add more salt, pepper, or spices. Roll small meatballs and place them on a wet plate. Fry them in butter until golden brown., ingredients: [1 baking potato, like russet, boiled, peeled, and grated, 12 cup minced onion, 34 cup whole milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch ground allspice, 1 pound ground beef chuck, 4 ounces butter], title: Ulrikas Mothers Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 7580: {instructions: Butter an 8inchsquare baking dish set aside. Put 3 tablespoons of the butter in a microwavesafe small bowl or liquid measure microwave for 30 seconds to 1 minute to melt the butter.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, 3 tablespoons of the sugar and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. In a separate small bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, 2 of the eggs and the melted butter. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir until just combined.nHeat a large nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat. Melt a little of the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in the pan. Working in batches, pour the batter by 14 cupfuls into the skillet and cook until the bottoms are golden brown and small bubbles appear on the tops, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook until golden brown on the other sides, about 2 minutes. If the pancakes brown too quickly, reduce the heat to mediumlow. Transfer the pancakes to a plate as finished. Repeat until all the batter is used, adding more butter to the skillet as necessary. You should have at least 12 pancakes.nWhisk together the halfandhalf, vanilla, the remaining 5 eggs, the remaining 3 tablespoons sugar, the cinnamon, nutmeg and 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl.nShingle the pancakes in the prepared baking dish. Pour the egg mixture evenly over the pancakes. Cover the dish with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 8 hours up to overnight to allow the pancakes to soak in the custard.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the plastic wrap from the casserole and bake until the custard is set and the center feels firm but springy, 50 to 60 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes before serving.nMeanwhile, put the maple syrup and pecans in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook until the syrup has reduced and thickened slightly, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and keep warm.nPour the pecanmaple syrup over the casserole. Serve with extra maple syrup on the side., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as necessary and for greasing the baking dish, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 6 tablespoons sugar, Kosher salt, 1 34 cups buttermilk, 7 large eggs, 2 cups halfandhalf, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup pure maple syrup, plus more for serving, 12 cup pecans, roughly chopped], title: CinnamonPecan Pancake Breakfast Casserole, picturelink: R72foMItCmMJnOByj0I3PASqnmBrTYu}, 7581: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F.nRemove 14 inch of the crust from the ends of the loaf, then cut the loaf crosswise into 4 even pieces. Use a fork to score one cut end and gently dig a square hole into each piece of bread to make a box, leaving a 12inch layer of bread around the walls and bottom see Cooks Note. Save the removed crumbs for another use.nMicrowave the butter and a large pinch of salt in a small microwavesafe bowl until melted, about 1 minute. Brush the bread boxes inside and out with the melted butter. Put 1 slice of cheese at the bottom of each bread box. Put the boxes openside up on a baking sheet and bake until the cheese melts and the inside of the bread is lightly browned and crispy in parts, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the pork chops liberally with salt and pepper. When the oil starts to shimmer, add the pork chops and cook until browned on both sides and just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Rest for 5 minutes then slice thinly against the grain.nLayer each bread box with 4 dill pickle chips, a quarter of the sliced pork, 1 12 teaspoons mustard, 4 more dill pickle chips, 2 slices deli ham and top with 1 additional slice of cheese. Return to the oven and bake until the cheese is melts, about 5 minutes. Serve whole or cut in half., ingredients: [1 loaf unsliced white bread preferably Pullman, about 10inches long, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices Swiss cheese, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Four 12inch boneless centercut pork chops about 6 ounces each, 32 dill pickle chips, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 8 thin slices deli ham], title: Cubano Bread Boxes, picturelink: AGanqgqEqiiu6inzdALDtQhSagONZKu}, 7582: {instructions: Fill a large skillet with water, bring it to a boil, and add the vinegar and a large pinch of salt. Reduce the heat until the water is just barely bubbling. Crack each egg into a small bowl and carefully slide the egg into the water. Cook until the eggs are set, about 3 12 to 4 minutes. Remove the eggs with a slotted spoon and dab the bottom with paper towels to dry them off set aside and keep warm.nPut the bacon and shallots into a cold skillet with a tablespoon of olive oil and cook over medium heat until the bacon is browned and crisp be careful not to let it burn. Remove with a slotted spoon, drain on paper towels, and set aside. Meanwhile, get a jar with a tight fitting lid. Add the mustard, remaining 4 tablespoons olive oil, red wine vinegar, and lemon juice. Shake well to combine the ingredients, add the chives, taste, and season with salt and pepper.nPut the frisee into a large bowl and toss it with the dressing the cooked bacon and shallots. To serve, place a large mound of salad onto a plate and top with a poached egg. Garnish with some chives and a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [2 tablespoons white vinegar, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 eggs, 8 slices thickcut bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, plus more for garnish, 1 large head frisee lettuce, torn into bite size pieces], title: Frisee Salad with Warm Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 7583: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the broccoli florets and stems and cook until tender but still bright green, about 3 minutes. Remove to a bowl using a slotted spoon set aside. Return the water to a boil, then add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 2 cups cooking water, then drain the pasta and set aside.nHeat the olive oil in the empty pot over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until slightly softened, about 1 minute. Add the broccoli stems, half of the florets and 1 cup of the reserved cooking water. Cover and cook until very soft, about 12 minutes.nReturn the pasta to the pot along with another 12 cup of the reserved cooking water. Add the remaining broccoli florets, half of the ricotta salata, and the herbs and scallions stir to combine, adding more cooking water to loosen, if needed. Top each serving with the capicola and the remaining ricotta salata.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 large bunch broccoli, cut into florets, stems peeled and thinly sliced, 10 ounces fusilli pasta, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup crumbled ricotta salata cheese about 4 ounces, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, mint, basil, parsley andor chives, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions, 2 ounces delisliced capicola or coppa ham, cut into strips], title: Broccoli Pasta with Capicola, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 7584: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the apples into an 8 by 8inch glass baking dish. Spoon the brown sugar into the center of each apple, dividing the sugar evenly among them. Pour the water into the bottom of the dish and bake until tender, about 45 minutes.nPour the ale and Madeira into a large slow cooker. Put the cloves, allspice, and cinnamon into a small muslin bag or cheesecloth, tied with kitchen twine, and add to the slow cooker along with the ginger and nutmeg. Set the slow cooker to medium heat and bring the mixture to at least 120 degrees F. Do not boil.nAdd the egg whites to a medium bowl and using a hand mixer, beat until stiff peaks form. Put the egg yolks into a separate bowl and beat until lightened in color and frothy, approximately 2 minutes. Add the egg whites to the yolks and using the hand mixer, beat, just until combined. Slowly add 4 to 6 ounces of the alcohol mixture from the slow cooker to the egg mixture, beating with the hand mixer on low speed. Return this mixture to the slow cooker and whisk to combine.nAdd the apples and the liquid from the baking dish to the wassail and stir to combine. Ladle into cups and serve., ingredients: [6 small Fuji apples, cored, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup water, 72 ounces ale, 750 ml Madeira, 10 whole cloves, 10 whole allspice berries, 1 cinnamon stick, 2inches long, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 6 large eggs, separated], title: Wassail, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 7585: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the vinaigrette: Stir together the vinegar, honey, mustard, shallots and orange juice in a small mixing bowl. Slowly whisk in the grape seed oil. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the hearts of palm salad: Mix together the hearts of palm, jicama and radishes, and season with salt and pepper.nFor the leeks and fennel: Heat the oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Saute the fennel until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the leeks and saute until juices are released, about 5 minutes. Stir in the wine to deglaze the pan cook until the liquid is reduced and has been absorbed. Season with salt, pepper and sugar.nFor the buffalo: Sprinkle each buffalo log with 12 teaspoon fennel pollen and some salt and pepper. Heat a saute pan over high heat, and then sear the meat on all sides until golden brown. Transfer to the oven and cook through until medium rare, 5 minutes. Carve evenly into 24 slices total.nPlace three slices of buffalo on each plate. Top with the fennelleek mixture, then the hearts of palm salad. Garnish with the watermelon radishes and orange segments. Toss the petite mixed greens in the Florida orange vinaigrette. Serve with lavosh crackers and a drizzle of balsamic vinegar on the plate., ingredients: [14 cup champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon minced shallots, Juice from 10 Florida oranges, cooked until reduced to 14cup juice, 1 12 cups grape seed oil, Coarse Florida Keys salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup fresh hearts of palm, sliced in halfrounds, 1 cup jicama, diced small, 12 cup radish, diced small, Coarse Florida Keys salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 1 pound fennel, thinly sliced, bulb only, 1 pound leeks, white parts only, thinly sliced, 1 cup white wine, Coarse Florida Keys salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch sugar, Four 4ounce logs buffalo tenderloin, 2 teaspoons fennel pollen, Coarse Florida Keys salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 watermelon radishes, julienned, for garnish, 1 Florida orange, sliced into segments, for garnish, 2 cups petite greens, Lavosh crackers, Balsamic vinegar, such as Minus8 Vinegar, for garnish], title: Smoked Buffalo with Melted Fennel, Leeks, and Hearts of Palm Salad with Florida Orange Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 7586: {instructions: In a heavy kettle  at least 5 quarts cook bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until crisp. Add onions and cook, stirring, until softened. Peel potatoes and cut into 34inch cubes. Add potatoes, celery, broth, and water and simmer, covered, 10 minutes. Add lima beans and corn and simmer, covered, 5 minutes.nIn a small bowl dissolve cornstarch in half andhalf or milk and stir into simmering soup with Worcestershire sauce. Bring soup to a boil, stirring, and add fish.  If using smoked trout, no further cooking is necessary if using finnan haddie or fresh fish, simmer, covered, 5 minutes, or until it just flakes. Stir in parsley or dill. Soup may be made 2 days ahead cool uncovered before chilling covered. Reheat gently., ingredients: [3 slices bacon, chopped, 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 12 pounds russet baking potatoes, 2 celery ribs, chopped, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 1 12 cups water, 10 ounce package frozen baby lima beans, 10 ounce package frozen corn, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 12 cups halfandhalf or milk, 1 to 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 pound finnan haddie smoked haddock, cut into 1inch pieces, or 2 smoked trout, skinned, boned, and flaked into 1inch pieces, or fresh fillets of cod, haddock, halibut or snapper, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves or fresh dill], title: Smoked Fish Chowder, picturelink: null}, 7587: {instructions: Bring 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons flour and 1 chopped garlic clove to a simmer, whisking stir in 1 pound grated sharp cheddar cheese until smooth. Add some horseradish and grainy mustard serve with pretzel rods for dipping.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: Cheesy Movie Dip, picturelink: eIgPwTkYuNoxqrcwNG1tEo3Esv.8N7G}, 7588: {instructions: Dressing:nPuree vinegar, capers, 3 tablespoons mustard, and shallots until well blended. Pour into a bowl. Add the remaining mustard around the edge of the bowl and fold into the mixture. Add the oil in a stream while stirring constantly until creamy.nSalad:nCombine all of the ingredients in a large bowl. Transfer about 1 12 cups of the salad mixture into serving bowls. Coat lightly with some dressing and toss to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup sherry vinegar, 6 tablespoons capers with juice, 6 heaping tablespoons spicy mustard, 6 to 7 shallots, 3 cups olive oil, 2 cups chopped radicchio, 2 cups chopped watercress, 2 cups chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 cups chopped cucumbers, 2 cups diced tomatoes, 2 cups crumbled feta cheese, 12 cup pitted and chopped kalamata olives, 2 cups chopped scallions], title: Hennessy Tavern Chopped Salad, picturelink: null}, 7589: {instructions: For the chicken: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSlide your fingertips beneath the skin of each chicken breast to loosen. Drizzle each breast with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper, rubbing beneath and on top of the skin.nPlace the chicken on a baking sheet or in a baking dish and roast in the oven until the chicken is cooked through, about 35 minutes. Set aside and cover with foil to keep warm.nMeanwhile, for the sauce: Preheat a large, heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot. Toast the pumpkin seeds, stirring constantly, until they have expanded and begin to pop, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer the seeds to a plate to cool. Reserve 2 tablespoons for garnish.nIn a medium, heavy saucepan, simmer the tomatillos, serrano and onions in salted water to cover until the tomatillos turn a dark green color, about 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the tomatillos, serrano and onions to a blender and puree with the chicken broth, cilantro, sugar and toasted pumpkin seeds until smooth the sauce will be a little coarse. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, remove the skin from the chicken breasts and slice the chicken crosswise on the bias. Transfer to a serving plate. Spoon the green pipian sauce on top and garnish with the reserved toasted pumpkin seeds., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinon chicken breasts, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 cup green pumpkin seeds pepitas, 1 pound tomatillos, husked and rinsed, 1 serrano chile, stemmed, 12 medium white onion, roughly chopped, 1 12 cups chicken broth, preferably organic, warmed, 14 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken in Green Pipian Sauce, picturelink: L6y3Cy1ZQRDWtZdBFRBW96ThyNncNtO}, 7590: {instructions: Mix all ingredients thoroughly in a large bowl. Refrigerate before serving.nMix all ingredients in a 6quart stainless steel pot. Bring to a boil, then simmer, about 15 minutes. Turn off heat and let stand, about 30 minutes. Sauce can be refrigerated for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 medium head red cabbage, finely chopped, 1 12 cups Als barbecue sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 gallon apple cider vinegar, 1 28ounce bottle ketchup, 22 ounces light brown sugar, 14 cup garlic powder, 14 cup salt, 12 cup crushed red pepper, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cloves], title: Red Tangy Slaw, picturelink: null}, 7591: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the chocolate in a double boiler or the microwave. Dip each chip twothirds of the way into the melted chocolate, then set on waxed paper and sprinkle with a tiny bit of sea salt Allow to sit at room temperature until the chocolate is totally set, about 2 hours, or in the fridge for 15 minutes if you need to hasten it along., ingredients: [12 ounces goodquality melting chocolate, 24 ruffled potato chips dig out the whole ones, Sea salt, to taste], title: ChocolateCovered Potato Chips, picturelink: 7eSq03E5MZSnFSpBaKIJhiz9fStaT0i}, 7592: {instructions: Add the rice to a medium saucepan and cover with water. Swish the rice with your fingers and then strain through a finemesh strainer. Repeat the process 2 more times. Place the washed rice back into the saucepan and add 1 12 cups water. Cover the saucepan with a tightfitting lid and cook over mediumlow heat until all the water has been absorbed and the rice is cooked through, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the heat and keep covered for an additional 10 to 15 minutes. If using a rice cooker, follow the manufacturers instructions. Fluff the rice with a fork, transfer to a tray and allow to cool in the refrigerator until the rice is no longer sticky, about 2 hours.nIn a large skillet or wok, cook the bacon over high heat until crispy, about 10 minutes. Remove the cooked bacon and reserve about 2 tablespoons bacon fat in the skillet. Reserve the remaining bacon fat for another use.nReturn the skillet to high heat and add the sesame oil. Add the onions, garlic and ginger. Add 34 teaspoon salt and 38 teaspoon pepper and stir until the onions are translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the carrots, pineapple and remaining 34 teaspoon salt and 38 teaspoon pepper. Continue stirring until the pineapple and carrots are cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the sake, soy sauce and rice wine vinegar and continue stirring. Add the cooled rice and reserved bacon and continue stirring. If necessary, add a touch more bacon fat or oil to the pan to avoid sticking. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.nTransfer the fried rice to serving bowls and garnish with the scallions, cilantro and a sunnyside up egg on top., ingredients: [2 cups jasmine rice, 8 ounces bacon, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 large yellow onion, small dice, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 2 inches fresh ginger, peeled and grated, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium carrots, shredded, 1 cup diced fresh pineapple, 3 tablespoons sake Japanese rice wine, 3 tablespoons light soy sauce, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 scallion, sliced, 10 to 12 fresh cilantro leaves, 4 to 6 sunnyside up eggs], title: Bacon Fried Rice, picturelink: QrBSSvt2VPCwfDwRgVPJIfKXG7raJO}, 7593: {instructions: Place 1 diced ripe beefsteak tomato about 10 ounces, 2 roughlychopped stalks celery and 1 diced small red bell pepper in a pitcher. For still infused water, add 2 quarts of water. For sparkling water, add 1 quart of seltzer during prep and a second quart just before serving. Refrigerate 2 to 4 hours to allow the ingredients to infuse. Stir well and strain, discarding the solids. For serving, add fresh cutup tomato, celery and bell pepper for garnish and plenty of ice. The infused water will keep refrigerated for up to 2 days., ingredients: [], title: TomatoCeleryBell Pepper Water, picturelink: nBMbenbBNas0nzVWoPHOOrbMAlcLvK}, 7594: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the garlic, and cook for 60 seconds. Add the cream, the zest from 2 lemons, the juice of 2 lemons, 2 teaspoons of salt, and 1 teaspoon of pepper. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, until it starts to thicken.nMeanwhile, cut the broccoli in florets and discard the stem. Cook the florets in a pot of boiling salted water for 3 to 5 minutes, until tender but still firm. Drain the broccoli and run under cold water to stop the cooking. Set aside.nBring a large pot of water to a boil, add 1 tablespoon of salt and the pasta, and cook according to the directions on the package, about 12 minutes, stirring occasionally. Drain the pasta in a colander and place it back into the pot. Immediately add the cream mixture and cook it over mediumlow heat for 3 minutes, until most of the sauce has been absorbed in the pasta. Pour the hot pasta into a large bowl, add the arugula, Parmesan, tomatoes, and cooked broccoli. Cut the last lemon in half lengthwise, slice it 14inch thick crosswise, and add it to the pasta. Toss well, season to taste, and serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon good olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 2 cloves, 2 cups heavy cream, 3 lemons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch broccoli, 1 pound dried fusilli pasta, 12 pound baby arugula or 2 bunches of common arugula, leaves cut in thirds, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 pint grape or cherry tomatoes, halved], title: Lemon Fusilli with Arugula, picturelink: 8nkYNPFA6QNvI1C9uNPk1ffJK353IzO}, 7595: {instructions: Preheat a grill or indoor grill pan to high.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the onion and bacon and cook until the bacon is crispy. Remove the onion and bacon from the pan. Add the balsamic vinegar and 1 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet and reduce for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside. Brush the romaine with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Place on the grill cutside down and quickly sear until grill marks are visible. Set aside. For each serving, place a half head of romaine cutside up on a plate and drizzle the balsamic dressing on top. Sprinkle with blue cheese and the bacon and onion, and garnish with cracked black pepper. Photograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 34 cup finely diced red onion, 12 pound bacon, 14 inch diced, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 3 heads romaine lettuce, cut in half lengthwise, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: Grilled Romaine With Blue CheeseBacon Vinaigrette, picturelink: zz2nXTdLaZ6ov1vA.syajWI1kmsxTk.}, 7596: {}, 7597: {instructions: 1 cup melted semisweet chocolate chips, 20 ground chocolate wafers, 12 cup finely chopped prunes, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup rum and 14 cup condensed milk. Chill until firm, then shape into small balls. Roll in coarse decorating sugar., ingredients: [], title: Rum Balls, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 7598: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta reserving 1 cup of the pasta cooking liquid.nIn a large bowl combine the 2 cups Aiago cheese, creme fraiche, Parmesan, thyme, salt, pepper, cooked pasta, and pasta cooking liquid. Gently toss until all the ingredients are combined and the pasta is coated. Place the pasta in a buttered baking dish and sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup asiago cheese. Bake until golden on top, about 25 minutes. Let sit for at least 5 minutes and serve., ingredients: [1 pound fettuccine pasta, 2 cups grated Asiago cheese, plus 14 cup, 2 8ounce containers creme fraiche, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 12 tablespoons fresh chopped thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamy Baked Fettuccine with Asiago and Thyme, picturelink: z2iXuLOsZbleKaVi4x.O6OHgyCTPgXa}, 7599: {instructions: Combine the beans, 3 cups water, the onion, ketchup, maple syrup, brown sugar, mustard, molasses, Worcestershire sauce, vinegar and 14 teaspoon pepper in a 6quart slow cooker. Set the ham on top, then cover and cook on high, 8 hours.nTransfer the ham to a platter and skim off the excess fat from the beans. Slice the ham and serve with the beans.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 pound dried navy beans, picked over, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup maple syrup, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 1 12 tablespoons molasses, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, Freshly ground pepper, 1 4to7pound bonein picnic ham], title: Ham with Barbecue Beans, picturelink: CWY6X66PueL9qAMWVpKK4LX.k1MLxOi}, 7600: {instructions: For the grits: Bring the water or stock to a boil in a large saucepan. Slowly pour in the grits in a thin stream, stirring constantly so they dont form lumps. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly until they begin to thicken. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook uncovered, stirring occasionally to ensure they donu00bft stick to the bottom on the pot, for 20 medium. Cover and reduce the heat to low and cook until the grits are tender, about 10 minutes more. Stir in the cream, manchego, Monterey Jack, chipotles and butter. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nFor the shrimp: Combine the achiote paste, garlic and lime juice in a shallow bowl. Add the shrimp and marinate in the refrigerator at least 30 minutes and no more than 6 hours.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp and sear, 3 minutes per side. Remove the skillet from the heat. Add the bourbon, return to the heat, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the shrimp are bright pink and cooked through, about 1 to 2 minutes.nFor the bourbon redeye gravy: Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the ham and saute until browned, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Add the onions and mushrooms and continue to saute. Add the bourbon and shake the pan. It may flame a bit. If so, pull it off the flame and stir. Add the coffee and bring to a boil. Remove and discard the ham. Whisk in the cornstarch mixture and continue to boil until reduced by half. Whisk in the thyme and slowly incorporate the butter until you achieve an emulsified sauce.nServe the shrimp with the grits, poblano pepper and gravy., ingredients: [3 cups water or shrimp stock, 1 cup white corn grits, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup shredded manchego, 12 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 2 tablespoons chipotles in adobo, pureed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound Kentucky freshwater prawns or about 18 extralarge 1620 domestic shrimp, 1 tablespoon achiote paste, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 lime, juiced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup bourbon, One 4ounce piece country ham, 14 cup diced Spanish onion, 2 cups cleaned and trimmed chanterelles, 12 cup bourbon, 14 cup brewed coffee, 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter cut into 4 or 6 slabs., Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 roasted poblano or yellow or red bell pepper, seeded, skinned and julienned], title: Nuevo Latino Shrimp and Grits, picturelink: v7ZA384qsGaLVM.ONnpi8pORpWINEK}, 7601: {instructions: Twist off heads and peel the shrimp. Reserve the heads and shells and chop them for 30 seconds in a food processor. Devein the shrimp if necessary and refrigerate until needed.nCook the onion in butter in a 4quart pot over medium heat until it turns transulent, about 10 minutes. Add the chopped shrimp heads and shells, the tomatoes, wine and the broth. Cover the pot and simmer gently for 30 minutes. Strain the shrimp broth, discard the solids that dont go through the strainer, and reserve the broth.nCombine 2 cups of the shrimp broth with the rice in a small saucepan. Cover the pot and simmer the mixture gently, for about 30 minutes, until the rice is completely cooked  in fact overcooked and mushy.nPuree the rice mixture, butter and remaining shrimp in a blender or food processor for 2 minutes. Combine the mixture with the rest of the shrimp broth. Bring the shrimp broth rice mixture to a simmer, whisk in the cream, and strain through a finemesh strainer into a clean pot. Bring the soup back to a simmer, add the shrimp cubes, and season with salt and cayenne, to taste.nIf the soup seems too thick, you may have to dilute it slightly with a small amount of broth or water. Serve in hot bowls and sprinkle with chervil an parsley., ingredients: [4 pounds large shrimp with heads, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups tomatoes, chopped, 1 12 quarts chicken broth, fish broth or water, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 12 cup shortgrain rice such as Arborio, Carnaroli, or Vialone Nano, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter or shrimp butter, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons minced chervil or parsley], title: Shrimp Bisque, picturelink: null}, 7602: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat the olive oil. Add the onions, Poblanos, and garlic. Saute until soft but not brown, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatillos, fennel, cumin, coriander, oregano, cinnamon, tomatoes, stock, and wine. Simmer gently for 15 minutes. Add the smoked chicken and hominy. Simmer to heat through. Correct the seasoning with salt and pepper.nTo serve, ladle into warm soup bowls. Garnish with chopped cilantro, avocado and lime juice just before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound halved and sliced lengthwise yellow onions, 4 medium stemmed and seeded fresh Poblano chiles, sliced into thin strips, 1 tablespoon finely slivered garlic, 3 cups husked and halved fresh tomatillos, 12 teaspoon each whole fennel, cumin and coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons dried oregano Mexican preferably, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 cups diced and seeded tomatoes drained if using canned, 6 cups rich chicken stock, 2 cups fruity white wine, such as Gewurztraminer or Riesling, 8 ounces julienned smoked chicken, 34 cup cooked and drained white hominy, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons roughly chopped cilantro leaves, 14 cup diced avocado and drops of fresh lime juice], title: Poblano and Smoked Chicken Chowder with Hominy, picturelink: null}, 7603: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Chimney starter, allnatural lump charcoal and kettle grillnPass the meat through the coarsest die of a food grinder. Place the ground meat into a bowl and mix together to evenly distribute the different types of meat. Place in the refrigerator uncovered, for 2 hours.nAfter 2 hours, fill a large chimney starter with charcoal and light. Once the coals are ashy white, transfer to a kettle grill and spread evenly. Set grate over coals.nWhile the coals are heating, shape the meat into 4 patties that are 6 ounces in weight and 34inch thick. Sprinkle each patty on both sides with the salt. Place on the grill and do not move for 2 minutes. Flip the burgers every 2 minutes until they reach an internal temperature of 135 degrees on an instantread thermometer. Watch for hot spots and move the burgers if flareups occur. Resist the urge to smash down on the patties. Remove the burgers from the heat to a plate and prepare the buns by placing them on the grill, cut side down for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove and place them cut side up on a platter. Divide the cheese evenly between the top buns, set the meat patty on top of the cheese. Coat the cut side of each bottom bun with a little mayonnaise and set atop the meat. Allow each burger to sit upside down for a minute before flipping and consuming., ingredients: [8 ounces sirloin steak meat, trimmed and cut into 1inch cubes, 8 ounces chuck steak meat, trimmed and cut into 1inch cubes, 8 ounces lamb shoulder meat, trimmed and cut into 1inch cubes, Kosher salt, 4 ounces grated Cheddar, smoked if preferred, 4 hamburger buns, Mayonnaise], title: Best Burger Ever, picturelink: sNNVIeoZb4kOPqIMRLG1eGhSC58wxOO}, 7604: {instructions: Cook 1 12 pounds thinly sliced carrots in a skillet with 2 tablespoons olive oil until beginning to soften, 5 to 7 minutes. Add 1 12 cups nosugaradded cranberry juice, 34 teaspoon cumin and a pinch each of cinnamon and salt. Simmer, stirring, until tender and glazed, 25 minutes. Sprinkle with chopped parsley., ingredients: [], title: CranberryGlazed Carrots, picturelink: lG9LEktczjXF6Bofu0a1Dj3BNt0XMKm}, 7605: {instructions: Cut each potato into 6 long wedges. Save 4 wedges. Juice the remaining wedges in an electric vegetable juicer, and pour the juice through a fine mesh strainer. This will yield approximately 4 cups. Allow the juice to stand for 2 hours. A layer of white starch will form at the bottom of the juice. Pour the juice off the starch into a medium saucepot. Place over a medium flame and reduce to one cup or until the sauce naturally thickens. Remove from the fire and stir in the ginger and Thai chili pepper. Stir until the sauce tastes spicy enough and strain immediately. Split each poached parsnip in half lengthwise and rub with a small amount of grapeseed oil. Rub the 4 reserved sweet potato wedges with grapeseed oil. Season the parsnip and potato with salt and pepper. Bake on a cookie sheet in a preheated 400 degree oven until browned and cooked through approximately 15 minutes. Heat a large saute pan over a medium heat. Season each duck breast with salt and pepper. Press one side of the duck breast into the coriander seeds. Wipe the saute pan with a towel that has been dipped into grapeseed oil. Add the duck breasts, seed side down. Saute until the coriander browns. Turn the duck breast over and transfer the pan to a 375 degree oven for 3 to 5 minutes. Remove the breasts and allow them to rest 2 to 4 minutes. Set a piece of parsnip and wedge of sweet potato on each plate. Slice each duck breast into 14inch slices and arrange against the vegetables. Spoon sauce onto each plate and garnish with pea shoots., ingredients: [5 large sweet potatoes, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, chopped, 12 teaspoon chopped Thai chili, 2 tablespoons toasted coriander seeds, crushed, 4 skinless, boneless duck breast, approximately 5 to 7 ounces each, 2 medium skinon parsnips poached for 15 minutes, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, Salt and pepper to taste, 4 sprigs baby pea shoots], title: Roast Coriander Breast of Duck with Roast Parsnip and Sweet Potato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 7606: {instructions: Heat the plum wine with cinnamon stick, bay leaf, cloves, lemon, and orange zests until warm. Pour over the prunes and let marinate in a refrigerator overnight.nPlace the Roquefort and softened butter in the bowl of an electric mixer. Mix with the paddle attachment on low speed for 10 to 15 minutes or until the mousse is smooth and bulky. Season, to taste, with white pepper.nWhile the mixer is running, line a terrine mold, preferably round, first with plastic wrap then with the thinly sliced Parma ham, making sure the ham overlaps on either side.nSpread part of the Roquefort mousse to a height of 1inch in the bottom of the terrine. Take the marinated prunes and place them down the center, end to end. Fill the terrine with the remaining mousse. Take the overlapping ham and fold it toward the center to cover the top of the terrine. Refrigerate for about 4 hours until firm. After the terrine is chilled, unmold it and slice it with a warm knife.nServe with seasonal fruit, mesclun salad and walnutraisin bread., ingredients: [1 cup plum wine, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 bay leaf, 2 whole cloves, 12 cup dry, pitted prunes, Two 2inch strips lemon zest, Three 2inch strips orange zest, 1 pound Roquefort, 6 ounces 1 12 sticks butter, 14 cup thinly sliced Parma ham, Freshly ground white pepper, Serving suggestions: seasonal fruit, mesclun salad and walnutraisin bread], title: Roquefort, Prune Terrine with Parma Ham, picturelink: null}, 7607: {instructions: Place the lamb chops on a baking sheet. Drizzle with the olive oil on both sides, and sprinkle both sides with the sea salt, pepper and herbes de Provence. Let sit at room temp for 5 minutes.nHeat a grill pan over high heat until almost smoking. Add the chops, in batches if necessary, and sear for about 4 minutes. Flip, and cook for another 3 minutes for mediumrare and 5 minutes for medium. Transfer the chops to a serving platter. Drizzle with the agave and sprinkle with the mint., ingredients: [Six 34inchthick lamb chops, Frenched, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 14 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 teaspoons herbes de Provence, 1 12 teaspoons agave nectar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint], title: Grilled Lollipop Lamb Chops, picturelink: Xem.7RcJDLY4FHMF9rlmu0zfrbTDi}, 7608: {instructions: Peel and core apples and cut into quarters. Place them in an enamel sauce pan with the water and lemon juice then bring to a boil then turn the heat down slightly and simmer 30 minutes to break them down and get them to thicken. Take off the heat and stir in the sugar and cinnamon, if using., ingredients: [6 apples, McIntosh preferred, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, optional], title: Applesauce, picturelink: null}, 7609: {instructions: Place a tomato slice on a plate and spread with some of the tapenade. Then place a slice of the mozzarella on top, add a few basil leaves, and finish with another tomato slice. You can add another layer to make Napoleon as high as you desire. Top with another small spoonful of the tapenade and then drizzle the Sweet Basil Dressing over the tomato and around the plate. Garnish with a sprig of fresh basil and repeat to make 4 to 6 plates.nCombine olives, garlic, anchovies and pine nuts in a food processor and process until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nWhisk together vinegar, Dijon mustard, and honey in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and then stir in the basil., ingredients: [3 pounds ripe tomatoes, beefsteak, yellow, and heirloom, sliced into 12inch thick rounds, Tapenade, recipe follows, 1 pound mozzarella cheese, thinly sliced, Fresh basil leaves and sprigs, for layering and for garnish, Sweet Basil Dressing, recipe follows, 2 cups kalamata or nicoise olives, pitted, 3 cloves garlic, peeled, coarsely chopped, 5 anchovy fillets, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 34 cup pure olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 basil leaves, cut into chiffonade], title: Stacked Tomato Salad with Black Olive Tapenade and Sweet Basil Dressing, picturelink: null}, 7610: {instructions: Special equipment: a mini loaf pannPut a small baking sheet on a rack in the lower third of the oven, and preheat to 375 degrees F. Cut 1 piece of parchment to fit the bottom of a mini loaf pan so that it climbs halfway up the long ends butter the paper lightly on the bottom and more heavily on the sides including the exposed pan. Combine the preserves and the cherries in a small bowl.nToss the flour, oats, brown sugar, confectioners sugar, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Drizzle in the melted butter, and mix with a fork until the flour mixture is moistened and starting to clump. Press a loosely packed 12 cup of the flour mixture into the bottom of the prepared loaf pan. Spread the cherry mixture on top. Add the almonds to the remaining flour mixture, and squeeze it to make some larger chunks sprinkle the almondflour mixture over the cherry mixture, and press it in lightly.nBake the bar on the hot baking sheet until the cherry mixture bubbles and the streusel on top is nicely browned, 24 to 26 minutes. Let the bar cool on a cooling rack until lukewarm, then use the parchment to lift the bar out of the pan. Carefully peel off the parchment, and let the bar cool completely on the rack. Cut the bar in half on a long diagonal, and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus some softened for greasing the pan, 2 tablespoons cherry preserves, 2 tablespoons dried cherries, chopped, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup quickcooking oats, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons confectioners sugar, Pinch baking soda, Pinch fine salt, 1 tablespoon skinon sliced almonds], title: Cherry Crumble Bars for Two, picturelink: oUzScdahefz751IEk925gKNzeqIAOFG}, 7611: {instructions: Heat the oil in a deep fryer to 375 degrees F.nCooks Notes: If you dont have a deep fryer, heat 2 tablespoons30 ml oil in a pan at mediumhigh heat. Carefully place the cheese cubes in pan and lightly fry on both sides until golden, about 1 minute.nMix the tomatoes, cucumbers, red onion, olives, avocado in a large bowl with the dill, olive oil, red wine vinegar, and lemon juice.nDeep fry the cheese at 375 degrees F for approximately 2 minutes. The cheese must be served immediately or it will harden again within a couple minutes.nToss the salad and garnish with fried cheese on top., ingredients: [2 large tomatoes, cubed, 2 Lebanese cucumbers, cubed, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup kalamata olives, pitted and halved, 1 ripe avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and cubed, 12 cup finely chopped fresh dill, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 cup cubed Kefalotyri or sharp Cheddar cheese], title: Greek Salad with Popcorn Cheese, picturelink: null}, 7612: {instructions: Toss the garlic, chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon salt and the red pepper flakes in a small bowl. Make 34inchdeep cuts between the rib bones of the pork. Stuff some of the garlic mixture into each cut. Rub the lemon halves over the pork, then rub with the remaining garlic mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nBring the pork to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Cut each fennel bulb in half, then cut each half into wedges. Scatter the fennel and rosemary sprigs in a medium roasting pan its best if the roast fits snugly in the pan. Place the pork in the roasting pan on top of the fennel, fat side up, and roast until a thermometer inserted into the center of the pork registers 145 degrees F, about 1 hour, 45 minutes. Transfer the pork to a platter or cutting board and cover loosely with foil let rest 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, turn the fennel wedges and return the pan to the oven. Continue roasting until the fennel is caramelized, about 15 minutes. Cut the pork into chops and serve with the fennel.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [6 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup chopped fresh rosemary, plus a few sprigs, Fine sea salt, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 bonein centercut pork loin rib roast about 6 pounds, 1 lemon, halved, 2 medium bunches fennel, stalks and fronds removed], title: Tuscan Roast Pork With Fennel, picturelink: lfIuLG8cO0QcoMl4q2r0VtIE8rOcHK}, 7613: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees with a rack in the middle of the oven. Lightly coat 2 9inch cake pans with nonstick vegetable spray. Line the bottoms with a circle of baking parchment.nInto a large bowl, sift the flour, baking powder and salt together, 3 times. In a small saucepan, bring the milk and butter to a boil. Remove from the heat and add the vanilla and lemon extracts. In separate mixing bowl, beat the eggs and sugar until pale yellow, and fluffy, and doubled in volume. While still beating, drizzle in the hot milk mixture. Fold in the flour mixture. Spread the batter in the prepared pans and bake for 15 minutes, or until golden, the center springs back when lightly pressed, and a cake tester comes out clean. Set the pans on a rack to cool. Run the tip of a knife around the edges of the cakes to loosen them, and turn them out of the pans.nWhipped Cream Frosting: In a medium bowl, mix together the gelatin and 14 cup of the cream. Let rest for 5 minutes to soften, then place the bowl over barely simmering water until the gelatin has completely dissolved. Remove the bowl from the heat and let cool to tepid. In the meantime, in a mixing bowl, whip the cream until slightly thickened. Add the confectioners sugar and vanilla and whip to the consistency of shaving cream. Fold 12 cup of the whipped cream into the gelatin mixture, then fold in the rest.nWash and dry the strawberries. Pick out the 12 best. Stem and slice the rest. Lay the sliced berries over 1 cake, then spread a 12inch layer of whipped cream on top. Place the second cake over the first. Frost the entire cake with the remaining whipped cream. Top with the 12 whole berries., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable spray, for coating the pans, 1 12 cups cake flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon lemon extract, 3 large eggs, 1 14 cups sugar, 2 pints fresh strawberries, 1 recipe whipped cream frosting, 1 teaspoon gelatin, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: DinerStyle Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: hFMMxJJshqLuQ0HIdkOu.KrigZabsOS}, 7614: {instructions: Mix the breadcrumbs, cheese, olive oil, parsley, garlic, the juice from 1 12 lemons and the salt and pepper in a large bowl until thoroughly combined. The mixture should be slightly moist. If it appears very dry, add a small amount of additional lemon juice.nCut off the stem of each artichoke, and then trim the tips of the leaves with kitchen shears. Open the leaves with your fingertips and rinse with cold water, holding the leaves open. Working with one at a time, place each artichoke in the center of the bowl of breadcrumb mixture and stuff the mixture into the leaves, holding the leaves open. You may have leftover stuffing, depending on the size of the artichokes. Sprinkle the tops of the artichokes with the juice from the remaining lemon half. Place a lemon slice on top of each artichoke.nWrap each artichoke in foil and place in a large pot with 3 cups cold water. Bring to a boil. Cover and simmer until the leaves are tender, about 2 hours, depending on the size of the artichokes. You may need to add more water if the water level gets too low., ingredients: [4 cups plain breadcrumbs, 1 cup grated ParmesanRomano cheese blend, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 2 lemons, plus 4 lemon slices, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 4 large artichokes], title: Stuffed Artichokes, picturelink: RnaibqSdeM18OeKpn8lOIwyMQFRTxW}, 7615: {instructions: Heat griddle or skillet over mediumhigh heat or electric griddle to 375degreesF grease with cooking spray, vegetable oil or shortening. Surface is ready when a few drops of water sprinkled on it dance and disappear.nStir all ingredients until blended. Pour by tablespoonfuls onto hot griddle to form dollarsize pancakes.nCook until edges are dry. Turn cook until golden., ingredients: [2 cups Original Bisquick mix, 1 cup milk, 2 eggs], title: Silver Dollar Pancakes, picturelink: eIgPwTkYuNoxqrcwNG1tEo3Esv.8N7G}, 7616: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine dried fruits, candied ginger and both zests. Add rum and macerate overnight, or microwave for 5 minutes to rehydrate fruit.nPlace fruit and liquid in a nonreactive pot with the sugar, butter, apple juice and spices. Bring mixture to a boil stirring often, then reduce heat and simmer for 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and cool for at least 15 minutes. Batter can be completed up to this point, then covered and refrigerated for up to 2 days. Bring to room temperature before completing cake.nHeat oven to 325 degrees.nCombine dry ingredients and sift into fruit mixture. Quickly bring batter together with a large wooden spoon, then stir in eggs one at a time until completely integrated, then fold in nuts. Spoon into a 10inch nonstick loaf pan and bake for 1 hour. Check for doneness by inserting toothpick into the middle of the cake. If it comes out clean, its done. If not, bake another 10 minutes, and check again.nRemove cake from oven and place on cooling rack or trivet. Baste or spritz top with brandy and allow to cool completely before turning out from pan.nWhen cake is completely cooled, seal in a tight sealing, food safe container. Every 2 to 3 days, feel the cake and if dry, spritz with brandy. The cakes flavor will enhance considerably over the next two weeks. If you decide to give the cake as a gift, be sure to tell the recipient that they are very lucky indeed., ingredients: [1 cup golden raisins, 1 cup currants, 12 cup sun dried cranberries, 12 cup sun dried blueberries, 12 cup sun dried cherries, 12 cup dried apricots, chopped, Zest of one lemon, chopped coarsely, Zest of one orange, chopped coarsely, 14 cup candied ginger, chopped, 1 cup gold rum, 1 cup sugar, 5 ounces unsalted butter 1 14 sticks, 1 cup unfiltered apple juice, 4 whole cloves, ground, 6 allspice berries, ground, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 34 cups all purpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 eggs, 14 to 12 cup toasted pecans, broken, Brandy for basting andor spritzing], title: Free Range Fruitcake, picturelink: SWY0JjCmPRmfQdPrKXIR6WKj.to6Ym}, 7617: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBeat eggs and add heavy cream. Slowly add the dry ingredients. Add the corn and stir in the melted butter.nPour mixture into a greased casserole dish and bake for 45 minutes, ingredients: [3 eggs, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 tablespoons flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 3 cups corn, 14 pound melted butter], title: Corn Pudding, picturelink: null}, 7618: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nTo make the glaze, add the apple cider, brown sugar, bourbon, pumpkin pie spice and cloves to a large pot. Turn the heat to medium high and cook, while stirring, until the liquid reduces and becomes slightly thickened like a glaze, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the butter and stir to melt. Taste and season with salt and pepper.nLay out plenty of aluminum foil to wrap the ham in and create a bed for it. Place the ham in the center of the aluminum foil and pull the sides up around it, leaving the top exposed. Pour over half the glaze, getting it into the spirals. Finish tightly wrapping the ham and place it on a rack in a roasting pan. Fill the pan with water, but do not let it touch the bottom of the ham.nCook until the internal temperature reaches about 140 degrees F gauge 15 to 20 minutes per pound. Remember, it is already cooked, so you just need to bring it to temperature without drying it out.nRemove the ham and raise the oven temperature to 400 degrees F. Pull back the aluminum foil watch outits steamy and hot. With a brush and the remaining glaze, slather the top of the ham, allowing the glaze to get into any creases of the spiral you see. Place back in the oven uncovered but still sitting in the foil and roasting pan, an additional 10 to 15 minutes. Remove and rest 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 cup apple cider, 1 cup packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup bourbon, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, Teeny tiny pinch of ground cloves, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 7 to 10pound precooked spiral ham], title: Sunnys AppleBourbon Ham Glaze, picturelink: lWR5LEaYlt50ke07sZUqk73ZdlUT2u}, 7619: {instructions: Place 2 eggs in a saucepan, cover with water and bring to a boil. Cook 8 to 10 minutes. Cool in a bowl of ice water. Peel the eggs, then separate the whites and chop them. Mash the yolks in a bowl, then whisk in 2 tablespoons warm water, the pickling liquid and mustard. Gradually whisk in the olive oil. Add 2 tablespoons parsley, the chives, tarragon, egg whites, pickles, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste.nCombine the flour, the remaining 6 tablespoons parsley and a pinch of pepper in a shallow dish. In another dish, beat the remaining egg with the milk. Dip each piece of ham in the flour to coat both sides, then dip in the milk mixture and redip in the flour mixture.nHeat 18 inch of olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until sizzling. Fry the ham in batches until golden, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a papertowellined plate. Fry the capers in the skillet until crisp, about 1 minute. Sprinkle the ham steaks with the capers, and serve the egg mixture on the side to spoon on top.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 large eggs, 13 cup diced halfsour pickles, plus 2 tablespoons pickling liquid, 1 tablespoon wholegrain dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for frying, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups instant flour such as Wondra, 1 cup milk, 1 ham steak about 1 pound, cut into 4 equal pieces, 2 tablespoons capers, drained], title: Green Eggs and Ham, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 7620: {instructions: Special equipment: Parchment papernFor the glutenfree flour blend: In a large bowl, whisk together the rice flour, tapioca flour, potato starch, xanthan gum and salt.nFor the cookies: Pulse 12 cup walnuts in a food processor until finely chopped. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix together the granulated sugar, baking powder, salt, honey, vanilla bean seeds and eggs with 2 23 cups glutenfree flour blend and the ground walnuts until combined. Add the figs and the remaining 1 cup whole walnuts and mix until combined.nDivide the dough into 2 equal pieces. Dust a piece of parchment paper with some granulated sugar, then use your palms to gently roll each piece of dough into a log about 2 12 inches wide place both logs on the prepared baking sheet. Brush with the egg wash and sprinkle generously with sugar. Bake on the prepared baking sheet until golden and slightly firm to the touch, about 40 minutes set the baking sheet on a wire rack and let cool completely. Lower the oven to 300 degrees F.nUsing a serrated knife, slice the logs slightly on a diagonal into 12inch pieces. Arrange the pieces on their flat bottoms not cut sides on the baking sheet, staggering their ends so that the cookies hold each other in place. Bake until crisp, about 20 minutes. Let cool completely on their baking sheet.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the confectioners sugar and maple syrup until smooth. Drizzle over the cooled cookies and let dry before serving., ingredients: [3 cups 435 grams white rice flour, 1 12 cups 187 grams tapioca flour, 34 cup 123 grams potato starch, 1 tablespoon 8 grams xanthan gum, 1 12 teaspoons 5 grams salt, 1 12 cup walnuts, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, plus more for dusting and sprinkling, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons honey, 12 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 8 dried calimyrna figs, coarsely chopped, 1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for the egg wash, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 12 tablespoons pure maple syrup], title: GlutenFree FigWalnut Biscotti with Maple Icing Drizzle, picturelink: TRCw8Qm.PiNK6j0oYolsrIJ9LnWAky2}, 7621: {instructions: A day in advance of preparing this dish, marinate shrimp in a mixture of 4 cloves crushed garlic, black pepper, 12 cup olive oil and 1 pinch of saffron. Refrigerate overnight. To prepare the marmalade, peel onions and cut them in half and slice thin. In a saucepan over low heat with 2 tablespoons of oil, cook the onions until transparent. Drain the tomatoes, remove the seeds, chop roughly and add to the onions. Add chopped anchovies, chopped olives and thyme, cook for 3 hours on very low heat, stirring often. Meanwhile cut out 6 rounds of puff pastry about 3 12 inches in diameter. Place on a baking sheet cover with a second sheet, and bake in the oven for 6 minutes at 350 degrees. Prepare the frisee by cutting off the green of the lettuce, use only the white part only. Chop frisee and wash well, reserve. In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, heat 14 cup olive until hot, and cook shrimp until pink and curled. Set the tomato marmalade on top of each tart round and warm in the oven for 5 minutes. Season the frisee with a little olive oil, salt and pepper. Take the tart out of the oven and set on a plate, dress some frisee on top of the tart and cover with shrimp. Garnish with the mache lettuce leaves. Drizzle olive oil around the tart and serve., ingredients: [18 large shrimp, 10 garlic cloves crushed, 1 pinch saffron, 1 cups olive oil, 6 onions, 1 8ounce can peeled tomatoes, 2 anchovies, 14 cup Calamata olives, 4 sprigs thyme, 1 sheet puff pastry, 2 heads frisee, 6 bunches mache], title: Marinated Shrimp, Onion and Tomato Tart, picturelink: null}, 7622: {instructions: Heat a saute pan very hot and add the salt. Reduce the heat and saute for 3 to 5 minutes. Turn heat off and add the peppercorns. Mix and let stand. For the squid, score the squid on the inside with a crisscross pattern then cut them into 2inch triangles and set aside. To make the batter, slowly add cold water to the flour and baking powder to achieve a runny pancake batter. Whisk in the oil. In a fryer or wok, deep fry the squid until golden brown, season with seasoned salt and set aside on paper towels. In the same wok, drain the oil leaving 2 tablespoons and caramelize the shallots, peppers and chiles, about 4 minutes. Season and add back the squid, mix quickly.nPLATING: On a large oval, plate the squid.nWINE: Artesa Sauvignon Blanc Reserve, 1998, Napa, ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon Szechwan peppercorns, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground white pepper, 1 pound cleaned squid, tentacles separated, tubes cut lengthwise in half, 1 cup selfrising flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon peanut oil plus peanut oil, for frying, 1 large onion, sliced, 1 red bell pepper, deseeded and julienned, 1 yellow bell pepper, deseeded and julienned, 2 Thai bird chiles or 1 jalepeno, destemmed and sliced], title: Salt and Pepper Squid with Caramelized Onions and Bell Peppers, picturelink: null}, 7623: {instructions: Char the bell pepper over an open flame or under the broiler. Place in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. When cool, peel, seed, roughly chop, and add to the food processor. Add the chile peppers, cucumber, bread, onion, garlic, celery, parsley, basil, tomatoes, a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Process until fairly smooth. Place in small pitcher and chill along with small shot glasses for serving., ingredients: [1 red bell pepper, 1 12 red chile peppers, seeded and chopped, 12 seedless cucumber, peeled and chopped, 1 slice good quality white bread, crust removed and torn, 1 small red onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, grated into a paste, 2 to 3 small ribs celery, from the heart with leafy tops, chopped, Small handful flatleaf fresh parsley leaves, Few leaves fresh basil, torn, 1 28ounce can Italian San Marzano tomatoes, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: San Marzano Gazpacho, picturelink: hUHSW.wlfbID7uNp30IsQ3RLdzlbTdO}, 7624: {instructions: To make the roux: In a small saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the flour and whisk until the color is amber and it smells nutty, about 6 minutes. Remove from the heat.nTo make the gravy: Heat a medium saucepan over medium heat and add the olive oil. Throw in the shallots and saute until the edges are crisp and golden, 5 to 6 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the pinot noir and reduce for 30 seconds. Add the beef stock, brown sugar, thyme, some pepper and the roux and whisk. Bring the gravy to a simmer and let reduce for 15 minutes, stirring frequently.nTo make the gnocchi: Bring salted water to a boil and add the gnocchi. Do not add too many as the water must remain at a rolling boil. Boil until they float, about 1 minute, and then keep boiling for another minute. Remove with a slotted spoon and repeat with the remaining gnocchi.nHeat a nonstick pan over medium heat and add the olive oil and butter. Throw in the gnocchi in a single layer and sear until slightly golden, 1 minute per side.nTo serve: Place the gnocchi in a shallow bowl, add the Camembert and top with gravy., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 shallots, minced, 14 cup pinot noir, 2 cups organic beef stock, 12 teaspoon brown sugar, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, Freshly ground black pepper, Salt, 1 pound fresh gnocchi, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 pound Camembert cheese, rind removed, cubed and chilled], title: Gnocchi Poutine, picturelink: null}, 7625: {instructions: Make sure the clams and mussels are all alive. The shells should be tightly closed. If theyre open, they should close when you tap them. If any remain open, discard.nBuild a fire in your covered grill and soak a couple handfuls of wood chips in water. Put the potatoes and onions in cold, salted water, bring to a boil, and cook for 15 minutes, till potatoes have softened. Drain. Pull the husks back from the corn but leave them attached. Pull off all the silks, then pull the husks back into place and tie around the corn with a strip of husk.nDrop the lobsters in boiling water for about 3 minutes till theyre bright red. Remove from water.nWhen the coals have burned down to redhot, spread the wet wood chips across them. Lay the lobsters close together on the grill rack, spread the shellfish around them, and spread the vegetables over the top, ending with the asparagus lying in a single layer at the top. Put the lid on the grill and open the vents. Cook for about a half hour, until the mussels and clams have opened. Serve with bowls of melted butter., ingredients: [1 pound cherrystone clams, 1 pound mussels, 4 1pound lobsters, 4 baking potatoes, 4 small onions, 4 ears of corn, 1 bunch asparagus, Butter], title: Backyard Clambake, picturelink: null}, 7626: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the vegetables in a microwavesafe bowl and cover with plastic wrap microwave until warmed through, about 4 minutes. Drain and set aside.nCombine the cilantro, lime zest and juice, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, the ginger, garlic, jalapeno and 2 teaspoons hoisin sauce in a blender puree until smooth. Whisk the eggs, 2 tablespoons water, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons peanut oil in a medium ovenproof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork, the remaining 1 teaspoon hoisin sauce, and 14 teaspoon salt cook, stirring, until browned, 4 minutes. Stir in the vegetables, half of the cilantroginger sauce, and salt and pepper to taste. Pour in the eggs, increase the heat to high and cook 2 minutes.nTransfer the skillet to the oven and bake until set, 20 to 25 minutes. Cover and let rest 5 minutes. Top with the remaining cilantroginger sauce, more hoisin sauce and cilantro.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 12to16ounce bag frozen stirfry vegetables, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves and tender stems, plus more for topping, Grated zest and juice of 1 lime, 3 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled, 1 large clove garlic, 12 jalapeno pepper remove seeds for less heat, 3 teaspoons hoisin sauce, plus more for topping, 10 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 pound ground pork], title: StirFry Frittata, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 7627: {instructions: Rinse and pat the chicken dry with paper towels. Rub it with the salt and place it in a baking dish just large enough to hold it. In a blender or a food processor, combine the orange juice, olive oil, brown sugar, and shallots. Process until the shallots are finely minced. Pour the orange juice mixture over the chicken, crumble the bay leaf over the top, and cover the whole dish tightly with plastic wrap. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours, preferably overnight, spooning the marinade over the chicken occasionally. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Transfer the chicken to a rack in a roasting pan, breast side down and reserve the marinade and add 12 cup water. Roast the chicken for 40 minutes, then turn to the other side and roast for 40 minutes more. As soon as you put the chicken in to roast, prepare the papaya glaze: strain the orange juice marinade into a food processor, discarding the solids, and add the mustard, garlic, halved papaya, thyme, salt, and pepper. Process the mixture for 10 to 20 seconds, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary, until smooth. Divide the glaze into halves and use half of it to baste the chicken as it roasts, basting thoroughly every 20 minutes or so. When the chicken is cooked through with no trace of pink remaining, remove it to a warmed serving platter and set aside at the back of the stove. Discard all the fat from the roasting pan, saving the pan drippings. Scrape the drippings into a small saucepan and place it over medium heat. Whisk in the butter, then add the remaining half of the papaya glaze and simmer the sauce for 4 minutes.nGarnish the platter with the parsley and watercress sprigs and the remaining half papaya, cut into long strips. Drizzle a little of the sauce over the top. Serve at once, passing the remaining sauce., ingredients: [1 3 12 pound chicken, preferably free range, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup orange juice, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup light brown sugar, packed, 2 shallots, halved, 1 bay leaf, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon Dijonstyle mustard, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 ripe papaya, halved, peeled and seeded, 1 half thinly sliced and reserved for garnish, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch flat leaf parsley, coarse stems removed, 1 bunch watercress, coarse stems removed], title: Roasted Chicken with a Papaya Glaze, picturelink: null}, 7628: {instructions: In a medium bowl, pour the boiling water over the bulgur. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let sit for 15 minutes or until all the liquid has been absorbed. In a large bowl combine the remaining ingredients and toss together. Season with salt and pepper. Using a fork, fluff the bulgur wheat and stir into the vegetable mixture. Taste and season again. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [34 cup bulgur, 34 cup boiling water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Juice of 1 lime, 1 small red onion, chopped, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 cup fresh corn kernels or thawed frozen corn, boiled, cooled in cold water, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro or parsley, Salt and pepper], title: Spicy Bulgur Salad, picturelink: null}, 7629: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nHeat the cubed fatback or oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium heat. When the pan is hot add the diced onions and saute until they become translucent. To the onions add the sliced celery and continue to cook 2 minutes more. Remove from the heat and allow to cool completely.nIn a bowl combine the eggs and milk. Add the crumbled cornbread, the oysters and their juices, the cooked onion and celery, sage, salt and pepper. Coat the sides of a baking dish with the butter. Pour the cornbreadoyster stuffing into the dish, and bake 35 to 40 minutes. Cool several minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 ounces fatback pork, cut into 14inch cubes, or 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 large onions, peeled and diced about 1 12 cups, 4 stalks celery, thinly sliced about 1 cup, 3 cups crumbled cornbread, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 34 cup whole milk, 24 freshly shucked oysters, medium size preferably Blue Points with their juice, 2 tablespoons crushed, dried sage leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Cornbread Oyster Dressing, picturelink: null}, 7630: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace all the ingredients in the bowl of a food processor, pulse several times to breakdown the cranberries and incorporate the ingredients it should still be a bit chunky. Allow the cranberry relish to sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes, so the flavors can marry., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh cranberries, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup Grand Marnier liqueur, 1 orange, zested and juiced], title: Fresh Cranberry Relish, picturelink: zPdC0yR4MTO.z3LnpG1sKj0l1F.zTHy}, 7631: {instructions: Beat 2 sticks butter, 12 cup granulated sugar and 34 cup confectioners sugar until fluffy. Beat in 2 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla and 1 teaspoon orange zest. Whisk 2 14 cups flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder and 14 teaspoon salt stir into the butter mixture, then chill 30 minutes. Roll tablespoonfuls into balls and flatten sprinkle with coarse sugar and bake 15 to 20 minutes at 350 degrees., ingredients: [], title: Classic Sugar Cookies, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 7632: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 1 or 2 baking trays with parchment paper and set aside. In a food processor, combine the flour, 14 cup sugar, baking powder, and salt and pulse to combine. Add the chilled butter and process just until combined. With the motor running, add the cream through the feed tubes, stopping just before the dough forms a ball.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and gently knead, forming a smooth ball. Do not overwork. Roll the dough out into a 34inch thick round. Using a 3inch cookie or biscuit cutter, cut out 7 circles. Knead the scraps together, roll, cut out 3 more circles.nArrange the circles on the prepared baking trays, brush the tops with cream and sprinkle lightly with sugar. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the cakes are golden and firm to the touch. Cool on a rack.nMeanwhile, rinse and drain the strawberries. Cut each berry into thick slices and toss with sugar in a large mixing bowl. Add the lemon juice, kirsch, and orange zest, and gently mix. Set aside.nWhen ready to serve, split each shortcake in half and warm slightly. Place the bottom half of the shortcake on a dessert plate. Spoon about 1 cup of ice cream on the cake, arrange a scant cup of strawberries over and around the ice cream, and top with the remaining half of the cake. Serve immediately.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the cream, milk, and vanilla bean to boil. In a large bowl, using a whisk or a rotary beater, whip the egg yolks. Gradually whisk in the sugar until thoroughly combined. Slowly whisk in the hot cream mixture and return to the saucepan. Over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, cook until the mixture heavily coats the back of the spoon. Return to the bowl and cool over ice. Strain into a clean bowl and freeze in an icecream maker according to manufacturers instructions. Scrape 12 of the ice cream into a large container and swirl 1 cup of the strawberry compote through. Repeat with the remaining half of the ice cream and another 1 cup compote. Freeze, covered, until needed.nIn a 4quart saucepan, combine strawberries, sugar, and lemon juice. Add the vanilla beans and cook over low heat until the liquid begins to thicken, about 45 minutes. Lower the heat and cook for 15 minutes more, stirring. Remove from the heat and cool., ingredients: [2 34 cups cake flour, 14 cup sugar, plus additional to sprinkle on top, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 10 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1ounce pieces, 1 cup heavy cream, plus additional to brush on top, 3 pints fresh strawberries, stemmed, 2 or 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons kirsch, 1 teaspoon orange zest, Strawberry Swirl Ice Cream, recipe follows, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups milk, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 8 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, Strawberry Compote, recipe follows, 6 pints strawberries, stemmed, 3 cups sugar, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 vanilla beans, split and scraped], title: Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: null}, 7633: {instructions: With a whisk, mix all ingredients together well and serve.nCombine all ingredients in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, uncovered, about 20 minutes. The liquid should be reduced by onethird and the tomato skins should be falling off. Set aside to cool. Pour the mixture into a blender or food processor fitted with the metal blade. Puree until smooth and then pass through a strainer. Serve chilled., ingredients: [1 cup chipotle salsa, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup honey, 1 12 ounces dried chipotle chiles, stemmed or 1 cup canned chipotle chiles, stemmed, 3 ripe Italian Roma tomatoes, cored, 4 garlic cloves, peeled, 3 cups water, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Chipotle Mustard Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 7634: {instructions: HEAT oven to 375 degrees F.nCOMBINE brown sugar, peanut butter, shortening, milk and vanilla in bowl of electric mixer beat at medium speed until well blended. Beat in egg just until blended.nCOMBINE flour, baking soda and salt in medium bowl. Beat into peanut butter mixture at low speed just until blended.nSHAPE dough into 1inch balls. Roll in granulated sugar. Place 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets.nBAKE 6 minutes. Immediately press centers of cookies with back of measuring teaspoon. Bake 3 minutes longer or until cookies are set and just beginning to brown. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheet.nSPOON preserves into center of each cookie. Place on cooling rack to cool completely., ingredients: [1 14 cups firmly packed brown sugar, 34 tsp. salt, Granulated sugar, 34 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 12 cup Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening, or 12 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks AllVegetable Shortening, 3 tsps. milk, 1 tbsp. vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 1 34 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 34 tsp. baking soda, 14 cup Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Pacific Mountain Strawberry Preserves, stirred], title: Peanut Butter Thumbprints, picturelink: FFEJXZxBZcBLhxshmn43tPqiTSESrs6}, 7635: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt the butter in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomatoes and cook until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the lentils, curry sauce, 12 cup water and 14 teaspoon salt stir well to coat. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the lentils are tender, about 8 minutes. Gradually add the spinach, stirring until wilted.nReduce the heat to medium. Make 4 wells in the lentil mixture and crack an egg into each spoon the heavy cream over the eggs. Continue cooking until the whites begin to set, 3 to 4 minutes.nTransfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the egg whites are just set but the yolks are still runny, about 10 minutes. The eggs will continue cooking after you remove them from the oven. Let rest, 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, wrap the naan in foil and warm in the oven, about 5 minutes. Cut into wedges and serve with the eggs. Photograph by Ryan DauschnPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 large tomatoes about 1 pound, chopped, 12 cup dried red lentils, picked over and rinsed, 1 15ounce jar prepared curry sauce such as tikka masala, Kosher salt, 10 ounces baby spinach about 16 cups, 4 large eggs, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 pieces naan bread], title: Baked Eggs with Curried Spinach, picturelink: 5QplvLts7PtTUcmkorNVS4l7GIE3RP6}, 7636: {instructions: Add the whiskey, lemonade and grenadine to a high ball glass filled with ice. Top with lemon soda and stir. Garnish with mint and lemon slices., ingredients: [1 part whiskey recommended: Jack Daniels, 2 parts lemonade, Splash grenadine, 1 can lemon soda, Mint leaves and lemon slices, for garnish], title: Neelys Lazyaide, picturelink: null}, 7637: {instructions: Score the skin on the fish. Place some ginger and scallions inside the cavity, the rest on the skin. Put fish in a steamer lined with cabbage leaves. Steam for 10 minutes, or until the fish is fully cooked. Pour 1 to 2 tablespoons of soy sauce over fish, followed by hot peanut oil.nOTHER STUFF: Warm Shaoxing to drink Mao Tai to drink Red and white wine Jasmine tea, ingredients: [1 5 to 6 pound black cod, gutted, head and tail on, 14 cup ginger, julienne, 14 cup scallions, julienne, Cabbage for lining steamer, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, Peanut oil, heated to simmer], title: Whole Steamed Fish, picturelink: null}, 7638: {instructions: For the creme anglaise:nPour the milk and heavy cream into a heavy bottomed saucepot and scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean into the pot or add vanilla extract. If using a vanilla bean, put the vanilla pod in the pot as well. Add half the sugar to the pot and bring to a simmer just below a boil. In a small bowl whisk together the egg yolks and the rest of the sugar and temper it by adding a small amount of the heated milk mixture to the bowl while whisking constantly known as a liaison. Now pour the liaison egg mixture into the milk pot, stirring constantly. You are only heating it. Do not boil. Do not cook. The idea of a liaison is to incorporate the eggs and avoid making them into scrambled eggs You want the mixture to begin to thicken so it will coat the back of a spoon. Remove from heat and allow to cool, then remove vanilla pod and discard, and refrigerate until chilled.nFor the pineapple and cherries: In a skillet, bring 1 cup of water and the brandy to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer. Add the pineapple to the simmering brandy mixture. Add enough hot water to cover, if necessary. Poach for about 10 minutes and using tongs, remove to a platter. In the same poaching liquid cook the cherries for about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature while you are preparing the batter.nFor the cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Oil the bottom of a 9 by 2inch deep round pan and lay parchment paper over the bottom. Then brush a thin layer of canola oil on top of the parchment paper. Sift together cake flour and just 1 tablespoon of the sugar several times to aerate. In a separate heatproof bowl combine the eggs and and the other 3 tablespoon sugar. Nest the bowl with the sugar and eggs in another larger bowl filled with about 2inches hot water. Whisk together the eggs and sugar, being very careful NOT to splash any water into it. The idea here is to raise the temperature of the egg and 34 cup sugar mixture to between 100 and 120 degrees F. Use a candy thermometer to test the temperature. Once the mixture is warmed, remove the bowl from the water bowl and use an electric beater to beat it until it is about triple in volume and is the consistency of soft whipped cream. Sift the 13 of the flour and sugar mixture into the bowl of beaten eggs and sugar, and fold together. Repeat for each remaining 13 of the flour mixture, folding together after each addition. Then, gently fold in the melted butter and vanilla.nArrange the pineapple circles with cherries placed in the center in the bottom of the cake pan. Start the pattern at the middle and work your way out. Pour batter over layer of pineapple, spreading evenly, but dont fill pan any more than within 12inch of the top edge of the pan. Bang pan on countertop  1 or 2 times only  to make sure the batter sinks down between the fruit, but dont overdo it or you will undo all your hard work in aerating the batter Bake in oven until the surface springs back when touched and a toothpick inserted in the cake comes out clean, about 20 to 25 minutes. Let cake cool in pan 10 minutes to allow set up, then using oven mitts, press a serving plate firmly on the top edges of the pan, and invert the cake onto the plate. Replace any pineapple slices or cherries that become dislodged. This cake can be served warm or at room temperature, topped with creme anglaise., ingredients: [12 cup milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, or vanilla extract to taste approximately 3 tablespoons, 14 cup sugar, 4 egg yolks, 1 cup water, 12 cup brandy, 12 fresh pineapple, leaves removed, peeled, cored, cut into 14inch rings, 12 pint fresh cherries, halved and pitted, Canola oil, 1 14 cups cake flour, 14 cup sugar, plus 34 cup, 6 large eggs, 13 cup melted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Celebration Pineapple UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: ..i8z9fQ9T.jv1tBINRXrBSAJ9VxTm2}, 7639: {instructions: Wash sauerkraut thoroughly, put aside. In a rondeau melt the duck fat and saute the onion until tender, add garlic bay leaves, juniper berries and thyme. Saute until golden brown, deglaze with Reisling wine. Add 12 of the sauerkraut, place bacon slab and ham shanks in the middle and then top with remaining sauerkraut. Pour chicken stock over making sure it covers the sauerkraut if not enough, add water. Cover the pan with foil and place in a preheated 350 degrees oven for 1 12 hours. Wash red bliss potatoes and steam whole for 30 to 40 minutes. Peel potatoes and set aside. Cut sausages in half and warm in boiling water. Place pork chops in oven to warm. Take sauerkraut out of the oven and remove bacon and ham shanks. Slice the bacon in half. Remove pork chops out of oven. Place sauerkraut in the center of a large oval tray, place all meats around sauerkraut, place bacon and ham shanks, on top of sauerkraut. Place warm potatoes around with the meat, Serve Dijon mustard on the side. Accompany with a glass of Reisling wine or beer., ingredients: [6 pounds sauerkraut, 4 ounces duck fat, 1 large onion, julienned, 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped, 4 bay leaves, 1ounce juniper berries, 12 bunch thyme, 1 750 ml bottle Reisling wine, 1 pound smoked bacon, 8 pieces ham shanks cured and salted, 1 quart chicken stock, 8 large red bliss potatoes, 4 pieces Weisswurst veal and chicken sausage, 4 pieces Bauernwurst salted smoked pork sausage, 8 pieces Weiner hot dog, 8 pieces smoked pork chop, cooked], title: Alsatian Choucroute, picturelink: null}, 7640: {instructions: GlazenMix all ingredients in a small bowl set aside.nMeatloafnPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Heat oil in a medium skillet. Add onion and garlic, saute until softened, about 5 minutes set aside to cool.nMix eggs with thyme, salt, pepper, mustard, Worchestershire, pepper sauce, and milk or yogurt. Add egg mixture to meat in a large bowl, along with crackers, oatmeal or bread crumbs, parsley and cook onions and garlic mix with a fork until evenly blended and meat mixture does not stick to bowl. If mixture does stick, add additional milk, a couple tablespoons at a time, and continue stirring until mixture stops sticking.nTurn meat mixture onto a work surface. With wet hands, pat mixture into a loaf approximately 9 by 5 inches.nCover a wire rack with foil prick foil in several places with a fork. Place a rack on a shallow roasting pan lined with foil for easy cleanup.nSet formed loaf on rack. Brush loaf with all of glaze, then arrange bacon slices, crosswise, over loaf, overlapping them slightly and tucking them under to prevent curling.nBake loaf until bacon is crisp and loaf registers 160 degrees, about 1 hour. Cool for at least 20 minutes. Slice and serve, ingredients: [14 cup ketchup or chili sauce, 2 tablespoons light or dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons cider or white vinegar, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black paper, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons Worchestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon hot red pepper sauce, 12 up milk, buttermilk or lowfat plain yogurt, 2 pounds meatloaf mix 2 parts ground chuck, 1 part ground veal, 1 part ground pork, 23 cups crushed saltine crackers about 16 or quick oatmeal or 1 13 cups fresh bread crumbs, 13 cup minced parsley, 6 ounces thinsliced bacon], title: BaconWrapped Meatloaf with Brown SugarKetchup Glaze, picturelink: null}, 7641: {instructions: Preheat a steamer. Shuck the oysters and loosen from bottom shell. In a saucepan on medium heat, melt the butter and saute the shallots. Add the lettuce and stir until melted. Add the cream and simmer. Reduce by 50 percent. Add the soy and truffles. Check for seasoning. Set aside to cool. When cool, lift each oyster and place 12 tablespoon of lettuce mix under each oyster. Top each oyster with scallions and ginger. Place oysters in the steamer and steam hard for 5 to 7 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, heat the canola and truffle oils until very hot. Remove oysters from the steamer and place on a large platter lined with coarse salt. Spoon hot oil on each oyster and serve immediately.nSuggested Wines: Veuve Royale Brut, French Sparkling Wine Tablas Hills, Paso Robles Red Wine Cuvee Rouge, 1995 Grenache, Syrah, Mourvedre blend, ingredients: [1 dozen wild oysters large Rhode Island, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 minced shallots, 3 cups iceberg lettuce, fine julienne, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 tablespoon light soy sauce, 1 small fresh black truffle, minced, 2 tablespoons scallions, superfine slivers, 1 tablespoon ginger, superfine julienne, 12 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon white truffle oil, Salt and black pepper, to taste], title: FlashedSteamed Oysters on Truffled Lettuce Fondue, picturelink: null}, 7642: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nDiagonally cut baguette crosswise into 34inch thick slices and brush both sides with butter. Toast on a baking sheet under broiler 3 inches from heat until golden, about 30 seconds on each side. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCook onions in oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until golden. Add ham and cook, stirring occasionally, until ham is lightly browned.nWhisk eggs in a large bowl and whisk in milk, salt, nutmeg, and pepper. Add toasted bread and toss gently. When the bread is saturated, transfer it to a shallow 3quart casserole, slightly overlapping slices. Add any remaining egg mixture.nTuck spinach and ham between slices, reserving a little ham to sprinkle over top. Sprinkle cheese over pudding, lifting slices with a spatula to allow some to fall between them. Sprinkle reserved ham over pudding and bake in middle of oven until puffed and edges of bread are golden and custard is set in middle, about 45 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [1 large baguette about 34 pound, 2 ounces 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 2 onions, chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound cooked ham, cut into 12inch cubes, 4 large eggs, 4 cups whole milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups spinach leaves about 1 bunch, coarsely chopped, 34 pound fontina, grated], title: Ham, Fontina, and Spinach Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 7643: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nSort potatoes. Potatoes that are 2 inches or less in diameter can be left whole. Halve remaining potatoes. Coat very lightly with a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil and roast potatoes 20 to 25 minutes, until just tender. Transfer potatoes from the oven to a bowl. Sprinkle in parsley and season the potatoes with salt and pepper. Toss the potatoes with butter and paprika to coat evenly. Adjust salt and pepper, to your taste, and serve., ingredients: [3 pounds small red new potatoes, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 stick butter, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika, 14 cup parsley leaves, chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Red New Potatoes with Sweet Paprika Butter and Parsley, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 7644: {instructions: Make the taco seasoning: Mix all of the ingredients with 1 tablespoon each salt and black pepper in a bowl.nPrepare the pizza: Mix 2 tablespoons of the taco seasoning and the canola oil in a shallow bowl. Pound the chicken between 2 pieces of plastic wrap to 14 inch thick. Add the chicken to the bowl, turning to coat, and marinate 30 minutes.nPreheat a grill to medium high. Grill the chicken until cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Let cool, then cut into bitesize pieces.nDivide the dough into 3 pieces. Roll out each on a floured surface into an 8inch round. Brush with canola oil, sprinkle with taco seasoning and grill until crisp, 3 to 5 minutes per side remove from the grill.nMix the cheeses in a bowl, then sprinkle on the crusts and top with the chicken. Return the pizzas to the grill, and cook until the cheese is melted, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, mix the avocado, lime juice, cumin, chili powder, red onion, and salt and pepper to taste. Top the pizzas with the avocado mixture, salsa, sour cream and cilantro.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup canola oil, plus more for brushing, 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 1 16ounce tube pizza dough, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 1 cup shredded sharp cheddar, 1 avocado, Juice of 1 lime, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon diced red onion, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup fresh salsa, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Grilled Chicken Taco Pizzas, picturelink: yYMNr7wH6zdvyqDuBqkehVyxamkiVay}, 7645: {instructions: Mix peanut butter, brown sugar, butter, honey and egg in large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together flour, salt and baking powder add to the peanut butter mixture and mix well. Divide the dough into 4 equal portions. Wrap each portion in plastic wrap or waxed paper and refrigerate 2 hours or overnight.nRemove portions from refrigerator and place each portion between 2 sheets of plastic wrap or waxed paper. Roll each portion into a sheet about 18inch thick refrigerate dough again if it becomes too soft to handle.nHeat oven to 350F. Using a drinking glass or cookie cutter, cut the dough into circles. Using a smaller drinking glass or cookie cutter, cut smaller circles or windows in the center of half of the circles. Transfer cookies to a nonstick baking sheet, leaving 12 inch between them.nBake all cookies 5 to 6 minutes or just until they begin to brown. Using a spatula, transfer the cookies to a cooling rack. When cookies have cooled, spread the jelly on the plain cookies and top with the window cookies., ingredients: [12 cup Smuckersu00ae Creamy Natural Peanut Butter, stirred, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 13 cup unsalted butter, 14 cup honey, 1 large egg, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 cups Smuckersu00ae Strawberry Jelly], title: Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: null}, 7646: {instructions: Boil the water, ginger, and brown sugar together. Reduce heat and simmer for 1520 minutes. Add more water if tea is too strong. Strain and serve hot or cold., ingredients: [45 cups water, 3 inches fresh ginger, sliced thinly, 1 cup brown sugar], title: Salabat, picturelink: null}, 7647: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat add the scallion whites and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and translucent, about 3 minutes. Add 1 12 cups water, the rice, 12 teaspoon salt and the bay leaf, increase the heat to medium high and bring to a simmer. Stir a few times, cover, reduce the heat to low and simmer until the rice is tender and the water is absorbed, about 17 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nMeanwhile, zest the lemon into a large mixing bowl and add the remaining 4 tablespoons butter, the hot sauce and a pinch of salt. Stir until well combined. Gently stir in half of the parsley, reserving the remaining parsley for garnish. Cut the zested lemon into wedges and reserve.nSprinkle the shrimp liberally with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomatoes and some salt and cook, shaking the skillet frequently, until the tomatoes just start to pop, about 5 minutes. Transfer to the mixing bowl with the butter. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in the skillet. Add the shrimp and cook until the bottoms turn pink, about 1 12 minutes flip and cook until just cooked through, about 1 minute more. Add the shrimp to the tomatoes and toss gently to coat everything with the butter and mush the tomatoes a bit more.nFluff the rice and stir in the scallion greens. Divide the rice among 4 dinner plates, top with the shrimp, tomatoes and sauce, scatter the remaining parsley leaves over the top and put a lemon wedge on each plate. Serve immediately, with extra hot sauce., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 scallions, sliced, whites and greens kept separate, 1 cup mediumgrain white rice, Kosher salt, 1 bay leaf, 1 lemon, 2 to 3 teaspoons hot sauce, plus more for serving, 14 cup lightly packed fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 1 pound large peeled and deveined shrimp, tails removed, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pint grape tomatoes about 20], title: Spicy Shrimp and Tomatoes with Scallion Rice, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 7648: {instructions: For the duck: Let the duck breasts come to room temperature. Season both sides with salt. Score the skin of the duck in with crosshatch marks. Place the duck breasts, fatside down into a saute pan over mediumlow heat and render out the fat, until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Sear the duck breasts in batches, if needed. Flip the breasts and continue to cook for about another 5 minutes until medium to mediumrare. Remove from the pan and allow to rest. Season 1 liver with salt and pepper, add extravirgin olive oil to the rendered duck fat in the same pan and saute for about 1 minute on the first side and 30 seconds on the second. Remove from the pan and let rest for a bit. Before serving chop and add to the quinoa.nFor the quinoa: Add the roasted duck bones to the chicken stock and bring to a boil. Taste the stock and add salt, if needed.nPlace a medium pot over medium heat and add 2 ounces fat, 1 shallot, and garlic and sweat for about 2 minutes. Add the quinoa and toast, about 1 minute, stirring to ensure the quinoa is coated in fat. Once toasted, add 2 cups seasoned chicken stock. Bring the mixture to a boil then reduce to a simmer for about 10 minutes, until the liquid is almost absorbed.nMeanwhile, place a small saucepan over medium heat, add red wine and the dried cherries and allow the cherries to soak up the wine and reconstitute for about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the reconstituted cherries, their liquid, toasted pine nuts, orange zest and orange juice to the quinoa and stir to combine.nAdd the freshly picked tarragon leaves and the chopped liver and toss to combine. Keep over the heat until all the liquid is absorbed.nFor plating: Drizzle the watercress with extravirgin olive oil and toss to combine.nFor each serving, slice the duck breast on the bias and place next to a mound of quinoa. Drizzle the plate with extravirgin olive oil. Place some of the dressed watercress on the plate and season with sea salt., ingredients: [4 airlinecut duck breasts with fat, Salt, 1 duck liver, cleaned, Freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, Reserved bones from 1 duck, roasted, 3 quarts chicken stock, 2 ounces 14 cup fat, 1 shallot, minced, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 1 cup quinoa, 2 cups dry red wine, 1 cup dried cherries, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, Zest and juice of 2 oranges, 12 cup freshly picked tarragon leaves, 1 duck liver, sauteed and chopped, 1 cup watercress, Extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt], title: Roasted Duck Breast with Dirty Quinoa, Pine Nuts, and Dried Cherries, picturelink: null}, 7649: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTo cook the bacon using the Mauro Method, line a baking sheet with parchment, overlapping each side 1 to 2 inches. Put the bacon on the parchment and bake until crisp and brown, about 20 minutes. This way, the fat will fry the bacon to a perfect crisp but not come in contact with the metal pan, creating a mess. Drain the bacon on paper towels and let cool. Once the fat is cooled, use or just toss it. No messnCrumble the bacon into a bowl. Gently mix in the eggs, mayonnaise, chives, mustard and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper.nEat alone, or build sandwiches with avocados and tomatoes on toasted croissants., ingredients: [6 slices bacon, 6 hardboiled large eggs, peeled and chopped, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 1 tablespoon stoneground mustard, 1 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 ripe avocado, sliced, optional, 1 Roma tomato, sliced, optional, 4 croissants, lightly toasted, optional], title: Bacon and Egg Salad, picturelink: OMtndTwFkMsxKaGA.5PhPndkBnI9Kl6}, 7650: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk the flour, baking powder, sugar, salt and nutmeg in a large bowl. Whisk in 1 tablespoon parmesan. Add the diced butter and work it in with your fingertips until the mixture looks like coarse crumbs. Mix the pumpkin and cream in a small bowl and pour over the flour mixture. Mix with your hands or a fork to make a soft dough.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and roll out into a 34inchthick rectangle using a floured rolling pin. Cut out biscuits using a 2inchround cutter and arrange about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheet. Brush the tops with melted butter and sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon parmesan. Bake until golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer the baking sheet to a rack and let the biscuits cool slightly before serving or cool completely and freeze see Cooks Note.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons finely grated parmesan cheese, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, diced, plus melted butter for brushing, 12 cup canned pure pumpkin, 14 cup heavy cream], title: PumpkinParmesan Biscuits, picturelink: 5SNZEZmAsJv3f3wTJe9t7TQulKZoa.}, 7651: {instructions: Place the chicken in a pot with just enough water to cover. Sprinkle with salt, and add the peppercorns, bay leaves, quartered onion and herb bundle. Bring to a low boil, and then reduce the heat and poach the chicken until cooked through, 30 to 40 minutes. Remove the chicken, straining the stock, and then wipe the pot clean and return to the heat. Peel the skin off the chicken breasts and cover to keep warm until the sauce is ready. Dry toast the pumpkin seeds over medium heat until puffed and toasted, 4 to 5 minutes. Reserve 14 cup of the toasted seeds for garnish. Puree the remaining seeds in a blender or food processor with 1 cup of the stock, the chopped onion, EVOO, cumin, epazote, if using, cinnamon, tomatillos, lettuce, garlic and chiles. Transfer the pumpkin seed puree to the pot with 2 12 to 3 cups of the reserved chicken stock and simmer to develop flavor and thicken, 20 minutes. Adjust the seasonings. Pour the sauce over the chicken and garnishreserved toasted pumpkin seeds. Serve with warm corn tortillas, for wrapping, and minced red onion, for topping. If you would like to serve with a vegetable, steamed or sauteed zucchini is perfect., ingredients: [4 to 6 bonein, skinon chicken breasts, Kosher salt, 6 to 8 whole black peppercorns, 2 fresh bay leaves, 2 small to medium white or yellow onions, 1 quartered and 1 chopped, Herb bundle of fresh cilantro, marjoram or oregano, and thyme, 1 14 cups green untoasted pumpkin seeds, such as pepitas, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 1 teaspoon ground cumin 13 palmful, 1 teaspoon dried epazote, optional, Pinch ground cinnamon, 6 tomatillos, peeled and chopped, 2 to 3 leaves Romaine or green leaf lettuce, torn, 2 large cloves garlic, grated or chopped, 2 serrano chiles or 1 large jalapeno, seeded and chopped, Warm corn tortillas, for serving, Minced red onions, for serving, Steamed or lightly sauteed zucchini, for serving], title: Chicken in Pumpkin Seed Sauce, picturelink: IxzoXIF8rsKoD6W0ByWan2nXKofvr2}, 7652: {instructions: For the ravioli, in a medium bowl, combine the shredded cooked beef or fresh chuck, cheese, garlic, onion pulp, oregano, and salt. Using both hands, mix and squeeze the beef and seasonings together.nTo make the ravioli, lay a few wonton wrappers, flour side up, on a work surface and set a glass of water next to it. Scoop a spoonful of the beef filling about 2 tablespoons into the center of each wrapper. Wet your finger and lightly trace the border of each wonton. Fold the wrapper in half, pressing out any air, and seal the edges with your fingers. Repeat with the remaining wrappers and filling. Cover the ravioli with a towel while you prepare the sauce.nTo make the sauce, in a large saucepan over medium heat, combine the tomatoes, tomato sauce, onions, and vodka. Bring to a simmer and cook, uncovered, until reduced by half, about 15 minutes. Reduce the heat, stir in the heavy cream and cheese, bring to a simmer and cook until thickened, about 5 minutes more. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Keep warm while you cook the ravioli.nTo cook the ravioli, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Working in batches, gently drop the ravioli, one at a time, into the water. Cook until the ravioli float. If using fresh ground chuck, cook for about 6 minutes until the meat is cooked through, testing one ravioli by cutting in half.nTransfer the hot ravioli to a serving platter and top with warm vodka sauce, or gently place them directly in the sauce, toss to coat, and divide among serving plates., ingredients: [1 pound cooked shredded chuck roast or freshly ground chuck, 8 ounces shredded Parmesan, 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp or finely minced, 12 cup Vidalia or sweet onion pulp grated on the large holes of a box grater, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 24 to 30 wonton wrappers, room temperature, 4 Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 8 ounces canned tomato sauce, 12 cup chopped Vidalia or sweet onion from about 12 large, 1 cup vodka, your favorite, 1 cup heavy cream, room temperature, 8 ounces shredded Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Easy Cheesy Beefy Ravioli, picturelink: UcOKvqUbq0yD.1sVliuXhBJ3Bgpc0eu}, 7653: {instructions: Special equipment: A large rimmed baking sheet and a pizza stone or 2 large rimmed baking sheets a 1inch starshaped cookie cutternFor the dough: Combine the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor and pulse until mixed. Add about one third of the chilled butter and process until thoroughly combined the mixture will be slightly yellow. Add the remaining chilled butter and pulse until the mixture resembles a very coarse meal with peasize bits of butter. Add the vinegar in a single pulse. Gradually add the ice water through the feed tube, pulsing just until evenly combined. Squeeze a handful of the dough together, it should just hold its shape and be a little crumbly. If still very powdery, pulse again, adding up to 2 tablespoons ice water.nTurn the dough out onto a work surface and press it together by hand. Divide the dough in half wrap each piece in a large piece of plastic wrap, pressing each firmly into a 12inchthick rectangle. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or up to 2 days.nAdjust an oven rack to the bottom position of the oven and put a pizza stone or large baking sheet on it. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the filling: Toss together the nectarines, brown sugar, lemon juice, cornstarch, vanilla and salt in a large bowl until the cornstarch dissolves. Add the raspberries and gently toss to combine.nTo assemble the pie: Let the dough stand at room temperature for a few minutes until slightly softened to make rolling easier. Place one piece of dough between two large pieces of floured parchment. Roll into a rough 14by12 inch rectangle if the dough gets too soft, pop it in the fridge to firm up, then continue rolling. Repeat rolling with the second piece of dough.nPile the nectarineraspberry filling into the center of one piece of dough and spread evenly, leaving at least a 1inch border. Dot the filling with the butter.nWith a 1inch starshaped cookie cutter, cut out 4 to 5 stars from the second piece of dough reserve the cutouts for decorating. To transport the dough to the pie, roll it up onto the rolling pin and then unroll it over the filling, lining up the edges with the bottom piece of dough as best you can. Pinch the edges together, then fold and crimp to create a tight seal. Brush the top and edges of the crust with the egg decorate the top crust with the star cutouts and brush them with egg too. Generously sprinkle the pie with granulated sugar. Using the bottom piece of parchment paper, slide the pie onto another rimmed baking sheet trim the parchment if theres any overhang.nPut the baking sheet with the pie directly on the preheated pizza stone or baking sheet this helps make the bottom crust crisp and flaky. Bake the pie until the crust is deep golden brown and the filling is bubbly, 45 to 50 minutes. If the crust browns too quickly during baking, cover the pie loosely with foil. Some of the filling may bubble from the vents onto the parchment paper dont fretjust embrace the rustic charm.nLet cool. Slice into wedges and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 sticks 1 12 cups cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch dice and kept very cold, 1 tablespoon white or cider vinegar, 13 cup ice water, plus more if needed, Filling:, 1 34 pounds ripe nectarines about 6, peeled and cut into 12inch wedges, 23 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup raspberries, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 large egg, beaten], title: NectarineRaspberry Slab Pie, picturelink: kWQKPqhJzJB6Gy9pPUX23wTT17RPyjW}, 7654: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 12count nonstick minimuffin pan, a 3inch round cookie cutter, a 2inch round cookie cutternPut an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the crust: Spray a 12count nonstick minimuffin pan with vegetable oil cooking spray. Put a strip of parchment paper, 1inch wide and 5inches long into each muffin cup, allowing the excess paper to overhang the sides of the cups. Unroll the pie crust and using round cookie cutters, cut out 12 3inch circles and 12 2inch circles of dough. Lightly press the 3inch circles of dough into the bottom and sides of the prepared muffin cups.nFor the filling: In a small bowl, whisk together the honey, lemon juice, arrowroot, and orange zest until smooth. Stir in the strawberries.nSpoon the filling into the muffin cups and using a pastry brush, lightly brush the edges of the dough with beaten egg. Put the 2inch circles of dough on top. Using the tines of a fork press the edges of the dough together to seal. Lightly brush the tops of the pastry with the beaten egg. Using the tip of a knife, make a 14inch wide slit in the center of each pie. Bake until the crust is golden, about 14 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool for 30 minutes. Using the overhanging parchment paper as handles, remove the pies from the pan. Remove the parchment paper and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 2 unrollandbake refrigerated 9inch pie crusts recommended: Pillsbury, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 tablespoon arrowroot, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, 8 medium strawberries, hulled and cut into 14inch pieces, to yield about 1 14 cups, 1 egg, beaten], title: Baby Strawberry and Honey Pies, picturelink: 67k8Fhk.witvJCkb4etfmfP8GGxObtS}, 7655: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the gnocchi: Combine the mascarpone cheese, Parmesan, salt, nutmeg, lemon zest, egg and egg yolk in a bowl. Beat together using a hand mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Gradually beat in the flour until the mixture forms a soft dough.nSprinkle a pie pan or rimmed baking sheet with flour. Drop 1teaspoonsize pieces of dough into the pie pan using 2 small spoons. Shake the pan gently to cover the dough with flour. Gently roll the pieces of dough into oval shapes.nBring a large saucepan of salted water to a simmer.nFor the sauce: Meanwhile, cook the butter and salt in a heavy medium skillet until it begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and stir in the thyme leaves. Set aside.nCarefully add the gnocchi, in batches, to the simmering water. The gnocchi should sink and then float to the top. As soon as the gnocchi begin to float, cook for 5 to 6 minutes. Transfer to the hot thyme butter in the skillet using a slotted spoon. Toss to coat.nSpoon the gnocchi and butter sauce into shallow bowls. Top with the Pecorino Romano and serve., ingredients: [1 cup 8 ounces mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup 4 ounces grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Zest of 2 large lemons, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 large egg yolk, at room temperature, 34 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for forming the gnocchi, 12 cup unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup shaved Pecorino Romano cheese], title: Mascarpone And Lemon Gnocchi With Butter Thyme Sauce, picturelink: nvkKD3D3kLst4kdPoa292bQhMzliq}, 7656: {instructions: Working in batches, cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp drain on paper towels. Sprinkle the bacon with the fivespice powder, then break the slices in half.nPreheat the broiler. Place the tomato slices on a baking sheet and brush with half of the hoisin sauce. Broil until bubbling, about 3 minutes, then turn brush with the remaining hoisin sauce and broil 3 more minutes.nCombine the mayonnaise and Sriracha in a small bowl. Toss the watercress and cilantro in a medium bowl with the vinegar, sesame oil and a pinch of salt.nDampen 2 paper towels and squeeze out the excess water. Wrap the Chinese buns loosely in the paper towels, then place in a large microwavesafe bowl cover with plastic wrap and microwave in 30second intervals until hot and soft.nAlternatively, steam in a steamer basket set over boiling water, 5 minutes. If using hamburger buns, do not steam.nSpread the inside of the buns with some of the chile mayonnaise. Fill the buns with a few slices each of cucumber, bacon and tomato, and some of the watercress mixture.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [1 pound thickcut bacon, 14 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 3 tomatoes, sliced 12 inch thick, 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 to 3 teaspoons Sriracha Asian chile sauce, 1 cup small watercress sprigs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Splash of rice wine vinegar, 18 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, Kosher salt, 10 Chinese steamed buns or hamburger buns, 1 Persian cucumber, thinly sliced], title: Asian BLT Buns With Chile Mayonnaise, picturelink: eCMVYAfM.q7nIRjiHKodOafhU6m3C}, 7657: {instructions: Rinse the rice under cold water 3 times or until the liquid runs clear. Add the rice, coconut milk and water to a medium pot stir well. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer for 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand for 15 minutes. Remove the lid and fluff the rice with a fork. Garnish with coconut flakes., ingredients: [3 cups jasmine rice, 2 cups coconut milk, 2 cups water, Large toasted coconut flakes, for garnish], title: Coconut Jasmine Rice, picturelink: Sp3va1vz6aRX8VDJgO3scf3LWhRvMO}, 7658: {instructions: Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat the fat in a saute pan and brown the chicken on all sides, working in batches. When all the chicken is browned, remove it to a plate and add the shallots and garlic to the pan for 1 minute. Pour in the Cognac to deglaze. Put the chicken back in the pan. Pour in the wine and stock, cover and cook until the chicken is tender, about 20 minutes, turning once.nMeanwhile, melt a little butter in a frying pan and cook the mushrooms until golden. When the chicken is cooked, remove it to a serving platter and keep warm. Boil the cooking liquid down to sauce consistency. Stir in the creme fraiche and mushrooms. When hot, taste and correct the seasonings. Pour the sauce over the chicken, sprinkle with the parsley and serve., ingredients: [6 chicken legs, split at the joint or a 3pound1.4kg whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon each butter and olive oil or 2 tablespoons goose fat, plus more butter for frying, 4 shallots, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons Cognac, 1 cup250 ml dry Riesling, 12 cup125 ml chicken stock, 8 ounces250 g mushrooms, quartered, 12 cup125 ml creme fraiche or sour cream, Chopped fresh parsley or tarragon, for garnish], title: Coq au Riesling, picturelink: null}, 7659: {instructions: Special equipment: Martini glassesnIn a blender combine sliced bananas, sliced strawberries, yogurt and juices. Pour into martini glasses and top with whipped cream and Orange SesameSeed Tuilles for garnish., ingredients: [2 bananas, 1 pint strawberries, 2 cups vanilla yogurt, 12 cup orange juice, 14 cup pineapple juice, Whipped cream for garnish], title: Orange Black Sesame Tuilles Smoothie Martini, picturelink: null}, 7660: {instructions: Make cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. and butter and flour an 8by 2inch round cake pan.nIn a large bowl with an electric mixer beat together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add remaining cake ingredients and beat on low speed until combined. Beat batter on high speed until pale yellow, about 3 minutes.nPour batter into prepared pan and bake in middle of oven 40 minutes, or until a tester comes out with a few crumbs adhering.nMake rosemary syrup while cake is baking: In a small saucepan simmer all syrup ingredients except vanilla 10 minutes. Remove pan from heat and stir in vanilla. Cool syrup 30 minutes and strain through a sieve into a 2cup measure.nCool cake in pan on a rack 10 minutes. Invert cake onto hand and return, right side up, to rack. While cake is still warm, gradually brush 13 cup syrup over it, allowing syrup to soak in before adding more. Chill remaining syrup in a small pitcher, covered. Syrupsoaked cake may be made 1 day ahead and kept wrapped in plastic wrap at room temperature.nServe cake, cut into wedges, with whipped cream, blackberries, and remaining rosemary syrup., ingredients: [1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 1 large egg yolk, 23 cup milk, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup water, 13 cup fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon vanilla, Lightly sweetened whipped cream, 2 halfpints blackberries], title: Cornmeal Cake with Rosemary Syrup and Blackberries, picturelink: null}, 7661: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nRun your fingers between the skin and meat of each piece of chicken, leaving one side attached, to create a pocket for stuffing. Season all over with salt and pepper.nCombine turmeric, 2 tablespoons olive oil, and cilantro in a small bowl to form a paste. Divide into 9 equal parts and spread evenly between skin and meat.nHeat remaining olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium high heat. Fry chicken, skinside down first, until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to oven and bake 15 minutes.nServe immediately, over a bed of bulgur wheat or rice, with Fresh Tomato Sauce spooned on top.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in a medium saute pan over moderate heat. Cook shallots just until golden. Add tomatoes, salt, and pepper, and cook an additional 3 minutes, uncovered. Break remaining butter into tablespoon sized pieces and stir in, along with lemon juice. When smooth, remove from heat, stir in parsley, and serve., ingredients: [6 boneless chicken legs and thighs, with skin, 3 boneless whole chicken breasts, with skin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 4 teaspoons turmeric, 14 cup olive oil, 3 bunches cilantro, stems trimmed and roughly chopped, Fresh Tomato Sauce recipe below, 10 tablespoons 1 stick plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold, 6 shallots, minced, 3 cups peeled, seeded, and diced tomatoes, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Chicken Stuffed with Cilantro and Turmeric, picturelink: null}, 7662: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until the fat has rendered and the bacon is browned. Add the garlic and cook just until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the mustard greens and stir to wilt. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in the chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Cover and let cook until the greens are tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 slices thickcut bacon, cut into lardons, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 pound mustard greens about 1 bunch, tough stems discarded, roughly chopped, Heavy pinch of kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chicken broth or stock, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: BaconBraised Mustard Greens, picturelink: wZHeZPuA8hogbS6j9IwDEduNp7Vdnm}, 7663: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAllow the diced bread to sit out on sheet pans for several hours or overnight, until dried out.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nWash the mushrooms thoroughly and pat dry with paper towels. Toss in a bowl with the canola oil and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt mushrooms will be very coated. Divide the mushrooms between 2 sheet pans and roast in the upper half of the oven for at least 20 minutes, stirring once halfway through roasting. Remove from the oven when the mushrooms are deep brown. Set aside.nReduce the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large skillet, cook the pancetta over mediumhigh heat until the fat is rendered and pancetta is golden brown. Remove from the skillet and set aside. Without cleaning the skillet, add in the onions and brown for 5 minutes. Increase the heat to high and add the apples, brown sugar, and 12 teaspoon salt. Cook until deep golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes.nDecrease the heat to medium and pour in the wine be careful if youre using an open flame. Stir and cook to reduce the liquid by half, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour the appleonion mixture into a bowl and set aside.nReturn the skillet to medium heat again, without washing and add the chicken broth, thyme, turmeric, rosemary, the remaining 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper. Heat for a few minutes, and then set aside.nAdd the bread to a large bowl, and then add the browned pancetta, mushrooms, and appleonion mixture and any juices that might have accumulated. Next, add the broth mixture gradually as you toss the ingredients, being prepared not to use all of the liquid, according to your taste.nCheck the seasonings at the end and add in the minced parsley. Pour into a large baking dish or iron skillet and bake until golden brown on top, 20 to 25 minutes. Or you can stuff the turkey if youre into that kind of thing.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Heat 2 tablespoons shortening in an iron skillet, muffin pan, or other baking pan. Combine the cornmeal, flour, and salt in a mixing bowl. In a separate bowl, combine the buttermilk, milk, and egg. Add the baking powder and baking soda. Stir. Add the remaining 14 cup melted shortening, stirring constantly. Pour into the hot pan, smoothing the surface with a spatula. Bake until golden brown on top, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [4 cups Cornbread, cut into 1inch cubes, recipe follows, 4 cups French bread, cut into 1inch cubes, 4 cups crusty artisan bread, cut into 1inch cubes, 32 ounces white button or crimini mushrooms, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 12 pound pancetta, diced, 2 cups diced onion, 5 Granny Smith apples, cut into large dice, 5 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 cup white wine, 32 fluid ounces very lowsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon ground thyme, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, Minced fresh parsley leaves, 14 cups shortening, melted, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup milk, 1 whole egg, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda], title: Cornbread Dressing with Pancetta, Apples, and Mushrooms, picturelink: vrQIR8uXWaKmLPBJkwjo7oGNnh2svy}, 7664: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in a stainless saucepan, then bring to a boil. Lower heat and cook at simmer for 15 minutes. Remove the sachet and puree the mixture in a blender for 45 seconds until very smooth. Strain through a chinoise and reserve for service.nPreheat grill: Season elk medallions with salt and pepper, brush with vegetable oil and cook on grill for 3 minutes on each side, keeping the meat medium rare. Add 3 tablespoons of vegetable oil in medium saute pan, add apples and saute over high heat until apples begin to color slightly, then add sugar peas, cippolline onions and the chopped thyme. Season lightly then add the veal jus. Cook until reduced completely, then add the orange segments. Toss the mixture and remove from heat. Place an equal amount of the mixture in the center of 4 service plates, then place 2 elk medallions on top. Spoon 1 to 2 ounces of the sundried cherry sauce around perimeter and serve., ingredients: [12 cup sundried cherries, 12 cup cranberry juice, 12 cup apple juice, 1 12 tablespoons plum wine, 1 teaspoon sugar, Sachet: 12 bay leaf, 1 thyme sprig, 12 garlic clove, 1 whole clove, 1 black peppercorn, tied in cheesecloth, 8 elk loin medallions, 3.5 ounces each, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 16 apple wedges, peeled and cored, 1 cup sugar snap peas, strings removed, 6 tablespoons caramelized cippolline onions, 12 teaspoon thyme leaves, 12 cup veal jus, stock, 12 orange segments, membrane removed, 12 cup sundried cherry sauce, recipe above], title: Grilled Elk Loin, picturelink: null}, 7665: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add rice, stir, and adjust heat to maintain a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally to prevent any grains from sticking to the pot, until the rice is just barely done, about 15 minutes. It will continue to cook as it cools. Drain the rice well and spread it out on a tray to cool quickly.nBring another large pot of salted water to a boil. Holding an asparagus spear in both hands, bend the spear until it breaks naturally at the point where it becomes tough. Repeat with the remaining spears. Discard the tough ends and cut the tender part into 13inch lengths. Blanch asparagus and peas together in the boiling water for 1 minute and 30 seconds, then lift out with a strainer and transfer to a paper towel lined baking sheet to cool.nShell the fava beans, then blanch the unpeeled beans in the same boiling water for about 3 minutes. Drain, transfer them to a paper towel lined baking sheet to cool. Peel the fava beans by pinching open the loose skin the peeled bean should slip out easily.nPut the lemon juice in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Gradually whisk in the olive oil.nIn a large bowl, combine the cooled rice, asparagus, peas, fava beans, basil, parsley, lemon zest, ham and cheese. Toss with your hands to blend. Pour the dressing over the salad you may not need it all and toss gently. Taste and adjust seasoning., ingredients: [1 cup Arborio rice, 12 pound medium asparagus, 1 cup shelled English peas, from about 1 pound fresh peas, 2 pounds fresh fava beans, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons lemon juice, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup thinly sliced basil leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf Italian parsley, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 12 cup small diced boiled ham, 14 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano], title: Spring Vegetable Rice Salad Insalata di Riso, picturelink: 7Ja6x6V6qYjb5msmimePwPWpJG4THUa}, 7666: {instructions: Coat a large saute pan lightly with olive oil. Toss in the fennel, onions and crushed red pepper. Season with salt and bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat. Cook the onions and fennel until they are soft and wilted but dont have any color, 7 to 8 minutes. Turn off the heat and let them cool.nIn a bowl, combine the sausage, breadcrumbs, Parmigiano, egg, parsley and cooked onions and fennel. Mix well to combine.nDivide the stuffing among the 4 quail. Press each quail to lightly flatten and evenly disperse the stuffing. Wrap each quail with a bacon slice and secure the bacon with a toothpick. Tie the quails legs together with butchers twine otherwise they will look like road kill.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil and bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the quail with salt and add it to the pan. Brown them really well on each side, 3 to 4 minutes. When the quail are brown on both sides, transfer the quail to a baking sheet and put them in the oven for 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the oven, remove the toothpicks and reserve the quail.nMeanwhile, ditch the fat from the pan and add the port wine. Cook the wine over medium heat until it has reduced by half. Add 34 cup chicken stock, season with salt and reduce by half. Add the remaining chicken stock and reduce it by about threequarters, or until it seems a little bit thickened. Taste and adjust the seasoning.nDivide the arugula among 4 serving plates. Place a quail on each pile of arugula and spoon some of the sauce on the quail and the arugula. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, 12 cup dry port wine, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 3 cups baby arugula, washed and dried, Pinch crushed red pepper, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 14 fennel bulb, cut into 14inch dice, 14 onion, cut into 14inch dice, 12 pound bulk fennel sausage, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 14 cup grated Parmigiano, 1 egg, 12 bunch fresh Italian parsley, finely chopped, 4 semiboneless quail, wingtips removed], title: Sausage Stuffed Quail, picturelink: ZiUSMFTkYMIk5RtBNGb7F9Ov2kqG2e}, 7667: {instructions: Preheat the griddle. Slice the bread loaves in half. Smear the butter on the cut sides of the bread. Add a dash of mustard and mayonnaise. Build each sandwich with the roasted pork, ham, cheese, and pickles. Place the sandwich on the hot griddle, cover with a sheet of aluminum foil, and place heavy iron skillet or sandwich press to flatten. Grill the sandwich for a few minutes on each side.nSlice in half diagonally and serve., ingredients: [4 individual Cuban bread loaves, or 1 long loaf cut into 4 even loafs, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 pound seasoned roasted pork loin, sliced thinly, 1 pound smoked ham sliced thin, 12 pound sliced Swiss cheese, Sliced dill pickles, Yellow mustard, Mayonnaise,  Season the pork loin with salt, pepper, and if desired, a mojo a mixture of sour orange juice, garlic, and spices .], title: Cuban Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 7668: {instructions: Cook the pasta according to the directions on the package.nHeat the oil over a medium heat in a large, deep saute pan or 8quart stockpot. Saute the onion until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook an additional 1 minute. Stir in the sausage and cook until heated through and browned, about 4 minutes. Add the escarole and cook until wilted, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the beans, 1 cup of chicken stock, sage and red pepper flakes and simmer until the mixture is heated through and liquid is slightly reduced. Add the sausagebean mixture to pasta and toss well, loosening with the additional 12 cup chicken stock if necessary. Season with freshly ground pepper and salt, to taste.nDivide among 4 pasta bowls and top with parmesan cheese., ingredients: [34 pound wholewheat bowtie or other shape pasta, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 medium onion, chopped, about 1 cup, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 6 ounces lowfat Italianstyle chicken sausage, casings removed, crumbled, 1 medium head escarole, rinsed, drained and chopped, about 8 cups, 114ounce can lowsodium cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 ounce grated Parmesan], title: Pasta with Escarole, White Beans and Chicken Sausage, picturelink: 7JSWCiL1zzdcDmnd4Fk6JkNgW6b9C4e}, 7669: {instructions: Cut butter into little chunks and keep cold to work into pastry. Whisk flour, sugar, and salt together in a mixing bowl. Add butter and work into the flour until coarsely distributed. Whisk in egg, water, and vanilla work together with 2 forks until it just barely holds together. Use a piece of plastic wrap to ball up the dough and refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes.nWhile the dough is refrigerating, make the filling:nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nMelt the butter and sugar together in a 12inch nonstick ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the apple slices and stir to coat with melted butter mixture. Sprinkle with cinnamon and cook until apples have softened slightly and take on some color, about 15 minutes. Sprinkle with cinnamon. Smooth the apples out into an even layer in the pan.nRoll out the refrigerated dough on a floured countertop into a 13inch disk and lay over the top of the apples, trimming any excess. Prick with a fork in several places to let steam release. Brush the egg all over the top of the dough and bake for 40 minutes or until golden browned.nAllow to cool nearly fully before inverting onto a serving platter. Serve with vanilla ice cream or custard., ingredients: [1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 18 cup very cold water, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 stick butter, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 4 medium Golden Delicious or Crispin apples, about 2 pounds, peeled, cored, and cut into 18inch slices, Few dashes ground cinnamon, 1 egg, lightly beaten, Vanilla ice cream or custard, for serving], title: Tarte Tatin, picturelink: lYRRShAEV5QCqHIAX4sbWGIe6ph9kkO}, 7670: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F and line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Place the drumsticks on one side of the baking sheet, spacing them evenly apart. Place the potatoes on the other side of the baking sheet, leaving an empty space in the center for the broccoli. Drizzle the potatoes with 1 tablespoon of of the olive oil, and sprinkle with salt and pepper, tossing to evenly coat. Bake until the potatoes begin to soften and the drumsticks begin to cook and caramelize, 20 minutes.nRemove the baking sheet from the oven and put the broccoli in the center. Drizzle the broccoli with the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil, and lightly sprinkle with salt and pepper, tossing with tongs to evenly coat. Brush the drumsticks with the teriyaki glaze on all sides.nReturn the baking sheet to the oven and roast until the broccoli and potatoes are tender and charred in spots and the drumsticks are completely cooked through and read an internal temperature of 160 degrees F, 20 to 25 minutes more. Divide chicken and vegetables between two plates and serve., ingredients: [4 skinon chicken drumsticks about 1 pound, 34 pound about 3 cups fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium head broccoli, cut into small florets about 4 cups, 2 tablespoons purchased teriyaki glaze], title: Glazed Chicken and Broccoli SheetPan Dinner, picturelink: 9yFf54bpRptoy8vS9S3oiTD8vDN6Huq}, 7671: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together oil, vinegar, garlic, salt and pepper to taste. Toss the dressing with remaining ingredients, season with salt and pepper to taste and toss to combine. Let salad stand at room temperature 15 minutes. If not using immediately, cover and refrigerate, ingredients: [14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 garlic cloves, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups 12inch cubes crusty Italian bread, toasted, 12 pound vine ripened red tomatoes, cut into 34inch wedges, 12 pound vine ripened yellow tomatoes, cut into 34inch wedges, 14 cup Nicoise or Kalamata olives, pitted, 14 cup packed fresh basil leaves, washed well, dried, and chopped], title: Panzanella, picturelink: null}, 7672: {instructions: For the Southwestern cornbread strata: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 10by12inch baking dish and place on a baking sheet. Set aside.nWhisk together the eggs, milk, cream and salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add the cornbread, press to submerge, and let stand, stirring once or twice to soak the cornbread evenly and thoroughly.nHeat the oil in a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the sausage, and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown. Drain on a paper towellined plate. Add the onion, bell pepper and poblano to the drippings in the skillet, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned in spots and soft, about 5 minutes.nStir the sausage and onion mixture into the cornbread mixture. Stir in the chopped cilantro, 34 cup of the Cheddar and 34 cup of the Monterey Jack. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the mixture to the prepared dish, dot with the goat cheese and sprinkle on the cotija and remaining 14 cups Cheddar and Monterey Jack. Bake until the edges are puffed and lightly golden brown and the center still jiggles slightly, about 40 minutes.nFor the tomato sauce: While the strata bakes, heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute.nStir in the tomatoes and chipotle and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is reduced by half and thickened, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a blender and puree until creamy, venting the top of the blender to allow steam to escape. Return the sauce to the saucepan over low heat, and whisk in the crema and salt and pepper to taste let the sauce heat through and then remove from the heat. Stir in the lime juice and cover to keep warm.nLet the strata rest for about 10 minutes, then serve with the creamy spicy tomato sauce, garnishing each serving with some of the whole cilantro leaves., ingredients: [Butter, for the baking dish, 12 large eggs, 2 cups whole milk, 1 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds cornbread storebought or homemade, cut into 1 to 1 12inch cubes and dried overnight about 8 heaping cups, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 8 ounces fresh chorizo or turkey sausage, casings removed, 1 medium red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 yellow bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 poblano chile, thinly sliced, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus whole leaves for garnish, 1 cup grated sharp white Cheddar, 1 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese, 4 ounces goat cheese, cut into small pieces, 14 cup crumbled cotija cheese, Creamy Spicy Tomato Sauce:, 2 tablespoons olive or canola oil, 1 small Spanish onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 8 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 2 teaspoons chipotles in adobo puree, 2 tablespoons Mexican crema, creme fraiche or sour cream, Juice of 12 lime], title: Southwestern Cornbread Strata with Creamy Spicy Tomato Sauce, picturelink: Ogr9zc57EKdHajyoA82p0l0531dC1Ry}, 7673: {instructions: Put 2 pounds whole unpeeled russet or Yukon gold potatoes in a large saucepan and cover with cold water add 2 tablespoons kosher salt. Bring to a simmer do not boil and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 45 minutes.nDrain the potatoes, then peel and return to the pan add 1 cup hot milk and 12 to 1 stick roomtemperature unsalted butter. Mash with a potato masher or fork. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Basic Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: C4hatQGQ7JbTnxIc1VC04bMrKscOuIq}, 7674: {instructions: For the spinachbasil pesto dressing: Place the basil, spinach, oil and lemon juice in a food processor or blender, then puree until smooth. Add the pine nuts and a salt, if using, and blend again until the mixture has the consistency of a dressing. Add more oil or lemon juice as needed for your desired consistency. Set aside.nFor the wax bean salad: Cut the beans into pastasize pieces, about 1 12 inches long. Add 1 tablespoon of oil to a large skillet or saute pan and place over mediumhigh heat. Carefully add the wax beans to the hot skillet in batches, being careful not to overcrowd the skillet. Cook the beans until theyve softened a little bit and charred where theyve touched the pan, 3 to 5 minutes. Toss the beans with a wooden spoon and cook for another 3 to 5 minutes. Place the cooked beans in a large serving bowl. Continue cooking, adding more oil as needed, until all the beans have been sauteed.nAdd half the pesto dressing, the cherry tomatoes and the shallot if using to the serving bowl and toss with the warm wax beans until combined. Add more pesto to taste and save the remainder of the dressing to serve on the side. Cover and refrigerate the salad and dressing for up to 2 days., ingredients: [1 cup packed basil leaves, 14 cup packed spinach leaves, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup fresh lemon juice or orange juice, 14 cup pine nut, 12 teaspoon salt, optional, 1 12 pounds wax beans, rinsed and trimmed, Olive oil, 4 cups cherry tomatoes, rinsed and halved, 1 tablespoon diced shallot, optional], title: Wax Bean Pasta Salad, picturelink: rvQ2rLjkrmEgtl5vocqMbzz1UNwzCPO}, 7675: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oven to 450 degrees F.nPrepare the stuffing mix according to package instructions in a bowl.nPlace roast, fat side up, on a clean surface. With a sharp knife, cut along length of pork loin without cutting all the way through. Open up pork like a book. Spoon stuffing down center of pork. Close pork over stuffing. Tie up loin with kitchen twine, spacing twine about every 1 12 inches. Rub pork with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Stir together the flour, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Rub the seasoned flour mixture evenly over the pork loin.nToss together sweet potato chunks and the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a roasting pan spread out evenly over bottom of pan. Place the tied pork loin, fat side up, on top of the potatoes in the roasting pan.nRoast in 450 degrees F oven for about 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Continue to roast for 55 to 60 minutes or until instantread meat thermometer inserted into the pork, but not in the stuffing, registers 150 to 155 degrees F and potatoes are fork tender. Let the pork rest for about 15 minutes temperature of pork should increase to 160 degrees F. Keep the sweet potatoes warm. Remove the twine from the pork loin before slicing. Serve with potatoes., ingredients: [1 box 6 ounces stuffing mix, 1 boneless, centercut pork loin roast about 3 pounds, excess fat trimmed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 3 pounds sweet potatoes about 9, with skins, cut into 1 12inch chunks], title: Roasted Stuffed Loin of Pork, picturelink: 72mk3rR9E0zKTrf1i8DDh6YDJW9vgXG}, 7676: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nAdd the butter and onions to a large skillet over medium heat and saute until starting to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle the flour over the onions and whisk them together. Continue cooking the onionflour mixture until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Stir in the halfandhalf and milk and whisk around, allowing the mixture to thicken this will take 3 to 4 minutes. Add some pepper, stir the sauce, reduce the heat and keep warm.nSlice the potatoes really thin using a mandolin or a really sharp knife, the thinner the better. Generously butter a 2quart baking dish, then add half the sliced potatoes and half the diced ham. Sprinkle on half the cheese then pour on half the sauce from the skillet. Repeat with the rest of the ingredients, ending with a layer of cheese and sauce. Sprinkle extra pepper on top.nCover the dish with foil and bake it for 40 minutes, then remove the foil and bake until the cheese is golden brown and the sauce is bubbling, an additional 20 to 30 minutes. Sprinkle with chopped parsley if desired and serve it up., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, plus extra for greasing dish, 12 yellow onion, diced, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 1 12 cups milk, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds russet potatoes, washed thoroughly, 3 cups diced cooked ham, 2 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese, Chopped fresh parsley, for sprinkling, optional], title: Scalloped Potatoes and Ham, picturelink: bxi2FqIeuIKyxRzCcT9Y2y8pHNttpTi}, 7677: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLay the bacon on a baking sheet, and bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until crisp. Dry on paper towels and large dice.nFor the dressing, place the egg yolk, mustard, garlic, lemon juice, salt, and pepper into the bowl of a food processor fitted with steel blade. Process until smooth. With the food processor running, slowly pour the olive oil through the feed tube as though you were making mayonnaise and process until thick. Add 12 cup grated Parmesan and pulse 3 times.nToss the lettuce with enough dressing to moisten well. Divide the lettuce among 4 plates. With a very sharp knife or a vegetable peeler, shave the Parmesan into large shards and arrange them on the lettuce. Sprinkle the diced bacon over the salad and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces good bacon, 1 extra large egg yolk, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 large garlic cloves, chopped, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 3 lemons, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups good olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus 14 pound chunk very good Parmesan, Mesclun greens for 4, washed and spun dry], title: Baby Leaf Salad with Bacon, picturelink: null}, 7678: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.n12 cup whole pistachiosn6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, dividednSaltn1 12 cups Concord grapes with seedsn1 bunch fresh tarragon, dividedn1 12 cups Fantasy grapes seedlessn1 12 cups Red Flame grapes seedlessn2 heads Chioggia radicchionFreshly ground black peppernZinfandel Vinaigrette, recipe followsnWedge young Pecorino, for garnishnPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nToss the pistachios in 2 tablespoons of olive oil and season with salt. Toast in the oven until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Set aside to coolnHeat 2 medium saute pans over high heat. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil to each. To one of the pans add the Concord grapes and half the tarragon. To the other pan add the Fantasy and Red Flame grapes and the remaining tarragon. Blister the skins for 2 to 3 minutes for the Concord grapes and 3 to 4 minutes for the Fantasy and Red Flame grapes. Once blistered, place the grapes on a sheet pan to cool.nSplit the head of the radicchio and remove the core. Slice the head into 14inch ribbons and place in a mixing bowl.nOnce the grapes are cool, toss them in the bowl with the radicchio and pistachios, season with salt and black pepper, and then dress with the Zinfandel Vinaigrette and mix gently.nTo serve: Place on a large platter to share family style or divide the salad among 6 to 8 plates. With a vegetable peeler, shave the Pecorino over the salad and finish with a grind of black pepper.nPour the vinegar into a mixing bowl and then gradually whisk in the oils. Once the oils are incorporated, season with salt and pepper. To help with the final balance, squeeze in a bit of lemon juice., ingredients: [14 cup Zinfandel vinegar, or good quality red wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 34 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Splash fresh lemon juice], title: Countdown 5 Radicchio and Grape Salad with Pecorino and Pistachios, picturelink: QZt0Kahxexu6D4VbZR051Z4sN7xwKxO}, 7679: {instructions: Toss the cabbage together in a large colander and set in the sink. Sprinkle the cabbage with salt and let stand for 15 minutes. The salt draws out some of its moisture so that the slaw remains crunchy. In a bowl, whisk together the vinegar, soy sauce, oil, chile paste, peanut butter, and ginger. Toss together with the cabbage, carrots, bean sprouts and scallions season with salt and pepper. Garnish with sesame seeds before serving., ingredients: [1 head green cabbage, shredded, 12 head red cabbage, shredded, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 12 teaspoon chile paste, 3 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 1 teaspoon fresh ginger, grated, 2 carrots, shredded, 1 cup bean sprouts, 4 scallions, julienned on the bias, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, for garnish], title: Asian Slaw, picturelink: null}, 7680: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Toss the beets in enough olive oil to thoroughly coat. Season with some salt and pepper.nSpread the beets on a large baking sheet without crowding. Roast until browned around the edges and forktender, about 35 minutes. Toss them with the parsley and tarragon and serve., ingredients: [2 bunches baby beets, peeled and halved, Olive oil, for roasting, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon], title: Roasted Beets with Herbs, picturelink: p9aE7mJYJgvSKzT8xdB3BrqTZofHzdS}, 7681: {instructions: Heat saute pan over high heat. Add olive oil and shrimp, and saute until they are about 12 cooked, about 2 minutes. Add garlic and shallots and saute until they are golden brown. Add tomatoes, artichokes, mushrooms, and green onion. Remove from the heat and carefully add the wine. Return to the pan and cook until the white wine is reduced by 12. Add the cream and let sauce reduce for 2 minutes or until sauce thickens. Serve over pasta of your choice., ingredients: [2 12 ounces olive oil, 32 large fresh shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons diced fresh garlic, 2 tablespoons diced shallots, 12 cup tomato, diced, 16 artichoke hearts, quartered, 1 cup thinly sliced button or portobello mushrooms, 12 cup chopped green onion, 1 cup white wine, 4 cups cream], title: Shrimp Abaco, picturelink: null}, 7682: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees. Scrub potatoes, dry thoroughly and prick several times with a fork.. Bake directly on oven rack, turning once or twice, until crunchy on outside, tender within, about 1 hour.nCut off top third of potatoes. Using a spoon, scoop flesh from both parts into a small bowl. Add butter, cream and half of cheese mash until thoroughly combined. Spoon mixture back in to potato shells sprinkle each potato with 1 tablespoon of remaining cheese. Place potatoes on a small baking sheet and brown briefly under a preheated broiler, until tops are golden brown and bubbly. Serve with top shell alongside. Sprinkle with parsley before serving., ingredients: [4 large russet baking potatoes such as Idaho, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons light cream, Salt and freshlyground pepper, 12 cup grated Gruyere cheese, Garnish: chopped parsley], title: Stuffed Baked Potato, picturelink: null}, 7683: {instructions: Note: Youll probably have to buy guinea hen whole legs rather than thighs. In this case, cut the drumsticks off and make a stock with them, just as you would a chicken stock. Use in the recipe instead of chicken stock. With a clean kitchen towel or paper towel, pat the guinea thighs dry. Season them with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Dredge in the flour and pat off all excess flour. Meanwhile, heat a large 12inch saute pan over medium heat for one minute, and then add the olive oil. It should be hot but not smoking by the time you are done flouring the guinea thighs. Brown the thighs, skin side down first, adjusting the heat and adding more oil so that the meat sizzles at a nice pace. Cook until golden, 2 to 3 minutes, and then turn the meat and cook another minute or two to color the other side. If your pan is small, cook the thighs in two batches. Transfer the thighs to a plate. You will now need a 4quart straight sided saute pan or an enameled castiron Dutch oven. This pan should be wide enough to have the thigh pieces fit in single layer and deep enough to hold at least 4 quarts of liquid a stock pot will work in a pinch. Put this pan over mediumhigh heat. Add enough olive oil to cover the bottom of the pan. Add the pancetta and sweat for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the onions and garlic and sweat for another five minutes or so, so that the onions are soft and translucent. Add the rosemary, sage, and a small pinch of pepper. The pancetta should add enough salt to the sauce so dont worry about salting yet. Sweat for one more minute. Add the wine, 4 cups of the stock, livers, capers, vinegar, and lemon juice. Add the reserved guinea thighs and bring the braise to a simmer. There should be well more liquid than is needed to cover the meat. This is a good thing, as this dish is all about having plenty of sauce and it will reduce as you cook it. Simmer until the guinea is forktender and the meat pulls away from the bone easily, 1 to 1 12 hours. Carefully remove the thighs and reserve on a plate. Turn up the heat and boil the sauce, stirring from time to time to make sure it isnt sticking and burning, until it reduces by half. To thicken it slightly, use a blender to puree 1 cup of the reduced sauce and add it back to the pan. Stir and taste for seasoning. Add a couple drops of lemon juice if needed. Salt is probably not needed, but use your judgment for final seasoning. The dish can be made up to this point a day ahead. To finish, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the bread slices in a small baking dish that has been generously coated with olive oil. Ladle the remaining 1 cup of stock evenly over all of the bread. Set two thighs on each slice, skin side up. Toast in the oven until the bread has turned a crispy golden brown on the bottom, about 10 minutes use a spatula to check and be careful as the toast tends to stick. Reheat the sauce. Remove the thighs from the toasts, and carefully remove the crostones from the pan and turn them over so that the brown side is up.nTo plate, set one slice of toast on each plate. Remove the thigh bone from the meat and place the meat from two thighs on each toast. Spoon some of the warmed sauce over each thigh and a little more to run off the crostone. Garnish with celery leaf inner yellow leaves only, Italian parsley leaf, and long strips of lemon zest. This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [8 guinea hen thighs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour for dredging, 14 cup olive oil, more as needed, 2 12 cups diced pancetta, 3 cups diced Spanish onion, 12 cloves garlic, sliced thin, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage, 4 cups dry white wine, 4 cups chicken or guinea hen stock, plus an additional 1 cup for the crostone, 1 pound about 2 12 cups cleaned chicken livers, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 tablespoon whitewine vinegar, 2 lemons, zest removed in long strips, and juiced, 4 2inch thick slices peasant bread, such as ciabatta, each slice about 7x3 inches, 14 cup whole celery heart leaves, for garnish, 14 cup whole Italian parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Guinea Hen Crostone, picturelink: null}, 7684: {instructions: Put diced potatoes in a saucepan and add enough water until the potatoes are just covered. Bring the potatoes to a boil over high heat, and then reduce to a simmer. Simmer the potatoes for 20 minutes then add in the ground beef, onions, and green chiles. Let the stew continue to cook until the potatoes are fork tender and the beef is cooked all the way through, another 10 to 20 minutes. Season the stew with garlic salt and serve warm., ingredients: [3 cups peeled, diced Idaho potatoes, 2 pounds ground beef, 14 cup onions, diced, 1 cup chopped green chiles, 14 teaspoon garlic salt], title: Green Chile Stew, picturelink: cod.ts9b6m96pXvl7gOhLE.E9HjmpL.}, 7685: {instructions: Place the chocolate in a medium bowl and set aside. Combine the milk and all but 1tablespoon of the sugar in a small saucepan. Heat over medium heat, stirring constantly until the sugar is completely dissolved. Stop stirring and cook until the milk begins to bubble around the edge of the pan. Remove the pan from the heat. Whisk together the egg yolk and the remaining 1tablespoon sugar in a small bowl. Pour half of the hot milk over the yolk mixture, whisking constantly to combine. Return the mixture to the saucepan and cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture thickens slightly and reaches 185 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Immediately pour the mixture over the chocolate. Whisk until the chocolate is melted. Add the butter 12tablespoon at a time, whisking until the butter is melted and the mixture is smooth. Whisk in the vanilla. Scrape the batter into a 6inch round cake pan and smooth the top with a rubber spatula. Cover the pan with plastic wrap and place it in the freezer for at least 6 hours, or overnight. To unmold the cake, carefully immerse the pan in hot water for a few seconds. Wipe the bottom and sides of the pan dry and invert the cake onto a serving platter. Decorate the top of the cake by running a hot dull knife across its surface in a wave pattern dip the knife in hot water and wipe completely dry before using it. Lightly dust the top of the cake with sifted cocoa powder. Allow the cake to stand at room temperature for 45 minutes before serving. Store leftovers in the refrigerator. Note: It is important that the butter be at room temperature, or it will not blend completely into the chocolate mixture and there will be a small lumps of butter in the cake. You can make this 2 or even 3 days in advance and freeze it. When you need it, unmold it and let it stand at room temperature for 45 minutes so its not freezer cold. Or unmold it and then store in the freezer, whole or cut into portions, for up to 2 months., ingredients: [7 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 23 cup whole milk, 13 cup sugar, 1 large egg yolk, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Pudding Cake, picturelink: null}, 7686: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the beets on a sheet tray and roast until fork tender, about an hour. Remove and let cool.nUsing a paring knife, peel the beets. Grate the beets and the pears on the largest holes of a box grater. Toss them with the balsamic, olive oil and salt.nDivide the arugula between 4 salad plates, spoon some of the beetpear mixture onto the arugula and top with the chopped almonds and chives. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large red beets, 2 Anjou pears, 3 to 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 2 cups baby washed arugula, 14 cup Marcona almonds, coarsely chopped, 1 bunch chives, finely chopped], title: Roasted Beet Salad with Pears and Marcona Almonds, picturelink: yiEISIXEAQ8tkIpnBnfOQ5i958DwPPu}, 7687: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the bottom layer: In a large pan on mediumhigh heat, add the oil, sausage and chorizo. Using a wooden spatula or, even better, a wired and wavy potato masher, break up the chorizo and sausage until they are homogenous and resemble ground beef in its tiniest form. Once broken down, continue to cook until the sausage is cooked through and orange fat is rendered from the chorizo, 10 to 12 minutes. Using a slotted spoon to drain off excess fat, transfer the mixture to an 8by8inch casserole dish.nFor the middle layer: In the same pan with the remaining fat from the meat, quickly add and saute the onions and peppers with a pinch of salt and pepper until tender and the moisture from being frozen is cooked out, 5 to 8 minutes. As before, use a slotted spoon to transfer the pepperonion mixture to the casserole dish, draining off excess fat, and evenly spread this mixture over the top of the meat layer.nNext, evenly layer the mozzarella cheese over the vegetables. Then use the American cheese slices to create another layer, pressing down once done to make everything level and compact.nFor the top layer: In a large bowl, add the hash browns, butter, steak rub and remaining fat from the pan. Season generously with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Sprinkle this layer on top of the cheese and gently press down, but not too tight so steam can escape.nBake, uncovered, until the top is golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve with a shake of hot sauce or sunnyside up eggs over the top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil or unsalted butter, 1 pound mapleflavored andor spicy breakfast sausage loose in the large tube, 2 links 8 ounces Mexican chorizo, One 14ounce bag frozen fireroasted or charred onions and peppers, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 6 slices American cheese, One 16ounce bag frozen shredded hash browns, thawed, 4 tablespoons salted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons steak rub or BBQ seasoning blend, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Hot sauce, such as Cholula or Franks, for serving, optional, 6 to 8 sunnyside up eggs, for serving, optional], title: Sunnys Easy Breakfast Cottage Pie, picturelink: bzXhIdsSjbXmP.s.Cn4DnHGfhqGgRe}, 7688: {instructions: Stuff each peppadew pepper with crumbles of BelGioioso Gorgonzola. Toss the spinach with the olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Serve stuffed peppadews on a bed of dressed spinach leaves. Serve as an appetizer., ingredients: [16 peppadew peppers, marinated, 8 oz. BelGioioso Crumbled Gorgonzola cheese, 2 cups fresh baby spinach leaves, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 Tbsp. balsamic vinegar], title: Gorgonzola Stuffed Peppadews, picturelink: null}, 7689: {instructions: In a large pot, add the cold water, scallions, and ginger, and bring to a boil, and boil for 2 minutes. Add the chicken cutlet, bring to a boil, and boil for 2 minutes. Turn off heat, cover, and allow to cool to room temperature.nRemove the chicken from pot, place on a chopping board, and hit smartly with the broad side of cleaver blade. This will break the fabric of the meat. Then with your hands pull the meat apart, shredding it.nPlace the shredded chicken in the bowl with the sauce and mix together well. Add the sliced scallions and mix well again. Reserve.nDryroast the sesame seeds see below. When done, allow to cool, then pour into bowl with the chicken and sauce. Mix well together. Prepare a serving dish by making a border of the shredded lettuce. Then pour the chicken into the center of the dish and serve immediately.nTO DRY ROASTnHeat the wok over high heat for 30 to 45 seconds. Add the seeds and lower the heat to very low. Spread the seeds in a single layer and use a spatula to move them about and turn them over to avoid burning on one side. This process takes about 2 to 3 minutes, or until the seeds turn brown. Turn off the heat, remove the seeds from the wok, and allow them to cool. Seeds can be dryroasted two to three days in advance of their use. After they cool, place them in a sealed jar., ingredients: [4 cups cold water, 2 scallions, washed, dried, with both ends trimmed, and cut in half crosswise, 1 slice ginger, 14inch thick, 34 pound chicken cutlet, whole, SAUCE combine in bowl, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 1 teaspoon ShaoHsing wine or sherry, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons chicken broth, Pinch of white pepper, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced scallions, 1 12 teaspoons black sesame seeds, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce], title: Sesame Chicken, picturelink: null}, 7690: {instructions: Adjust oven rack to lowcenter position heat oven to 400 degrees. Put chicken and broth in a dutch oven over medium heat. Cover and bring to simmer, simmer until chicken is done. Transfer meat to a large bowl and broth to another bowl.nIncrease heat to mediumhigh heat oil in Dutch oven. Add onion, carrots, and celery and saute until just tender, about 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, shred chicken into bitesize pieces. Transfer cooked vegetables to bowl with chicken set aside.nHeat butter over medium heat in Dutch oven. When foaming subsides, add flour cook for about 1 minutes. Whisk in reserved chicken broth, milk, any accumulated chicken juices and thyme. Bring to a simmer, reduce heat to low and continue to simmer, stirring, until sauce fully thickens, about 1 minute. Season to taste with salt and pepper stir in sherry.nPour sauce over chickenvegetable mixture stir to combine. Stir in peas and parsley, and adjust seasonings. Pour mixture into a 13by9 inch pan or any shallow baking dish of similar size or into six 12ounce ovenproof ramekins or bowls. Top as desired. Bake until pastry is golden brown and filling is bubbly, about 30 minutes for large pies, 20 to 25 minutes for smaller pies, ingredients: [1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts andor thighs, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 12 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 mediumlarge onion chopped, 3 medium carrots, peeled and cut crosswise 14inch thick, 2 small celery ribs, cut crosswise 14inch thick, Salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups milk, 12 teaspoons dried thyme, 3 tablespoons dry sherry, 34 cup frozen green peas, thawed, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 1 box commercial puff pastry or phyllo dough], title: Simple Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 7691: {instructions: Rub the marinade all over the chicken, inside and out. Place in a bowl, cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour or as long as overnight.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees.nLift the chicken from the marinade and place on a work surface. Cut the onion, head of garlic and orange in half and stuff inside the chickens cavity. Tie the legs together and place on a rack in a roasting pan, breast side down.nRoast 20 minutes, then reduce the heat to 350 degrees and roast 20 minutes longer. Turn the chicken, breast side up, and bake 40 to 50 minutes longer, basting occasionally with the pan juices, until a drumstick feels loose when jiggled and the skin is golden brown. Remove from the oven and let sit 10 minutes before serving. Serve warm with rice and beans., ingredients: [Achiote Citrus Marinade, recipe follows, 1 3pound roasting chicken, rinsed and patted dry, 1 onion, peeled, 1 head garlic, 1 orange], title: Roast Achiote Citrus Chicken, picturelink: null}, 7692: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium, castiron skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until they begin to lose their raw look, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms and dill and cook until mushrooms are heated through, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain off any liquids. In a separate bowl, whisk eggs with salt, nutmeg and 12 teaspoon fresh ground pepper. Pour over the mushroom mixture and stir to mix. Cook over medium low heat, pushing dry edges to center as it cooks. When center is still damp, slip under a preheated broiler and cook until top is beginning to brown. Cut into wedges. Serve with a tomato or savory salsa., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 1 pound sliced mushrooms, 14 cup coarsely chopped dill, 6 eggs, lightly beaten, 18 teaspoon salt, Pinch nutmeg, Fresh ground pepper], title: Mushroom and Dill Tortilla, picturelink: null}, 7693: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 12 by 18 by 1 12inch sheet pan.nIn a medium bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugars on high speed until light, approximately 5 minutes. Add the eggs and vanilla and mix well. Combine the buttermilk, sour cream, and coffee. On low speed, add the flour mixture and the buttermilk mixture alternately in thirds, beginning with the buttermilk mixture and ending with the flour mixture. Mix the batter only until blended.nPour the batter into the prepared sheet pan, smooth the top with a spatula, and bake in the center of the oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool to room temperature before frosting.n2 cups sugarn23 cup watern6 extralarge egg whites, at room temperaturen14 teaspoon cream of tartarn1 14 pounds 5 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperaturen2 teaspoons pure vanilla extractn3 tablespoons Triple Sec or other orange liqueurn1 tablespoon orange food coloringnCombine the sugar with 23 cup water in a medium heavybottomed saucepan and, without stirring, bring to a boil. Cover the saucepan and allow the mixture to boil until the sugar dissolves. Uncover and continue boiling until the mixture reaches 240 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Pour the syrup into a heatproof measuring cup.nPlace the egg whites and cream of tartar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat on high speed until the eggs form stiff peaks. With the mixer on high speed, slowly pour the syrup into the egg whites. Continue beating on high speed until the mixture is absolutely at room temperature, about 10 to 15 minutes.nWith the mixer on medium speed, add the butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, and then add the vanilla and liqueur. If the mixture becomes runny, the meringue was too warm and the butter melted. Chill slightly and beat again. Add the food coloring and combine.nYield: 6 cups, ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups good cocoa powder, 2 14 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup light brown sugar, packed, 3 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 3 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups buttermilk, at room temperature, 34 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons brewed coffee, 1 recipe Orange Buttercream, recipe follows], title: Chocolate Buttercream Cake, picturelink: gw96FoaO6J8WcDD1LcsUELwb4Uo02a2}, 7694: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace a saute pan over medium heat. Add olive oil. Add onions and saute until lightly translucent about 8 to 10 minutes. Add leeks and pinch of salt. Cook 8 to 10 minutes or until onion mixture is soft and translucent. Turn heat to medium high and add the chopped dandelion greens and kale. Reseason with salt and pepper. Add Herb Tea. Lower heat to medium. Cook 5 minutes until all liquid is evaporated. Remove mix from stove. Add herbs and cool. Season with salt and pepper.nTo Assemble: Defrost phyllo in refrigerator overnight. Lay one sheet of pyhllo out on a clean surface and brush lightly with olive oil. Cover the first sheet with a second sheet of phyllo and brush again with olive oil. Repeat one more time so you have a total of 3 sheets of phyllo this will line 2 molds. Using a sharp paring knife, cut the phyllo down the center so you have 2 equal sheets. Cut each sheet in 2 equal parts again so you have 4 equal sheets. Repeat one more time so you have 8 equal strips, each approximately 1inch wide. Using a 3ounce souffle dish as a mold, lay one strip of phyllo over the mold and press it down to line the mold. Leave excess phyllo hanging over on each side of the mold. Lay a second strip of phyllo across the mold, slightly overlapping the first, and press it down as before. Repeat this procedure until you have a total of 4 strips completely lining the mold with phyllo. Spoon the horta and onion filling into the mold, gently packing down to fill the mold 34 full. Enclose the filling in the phyllo by folding the overhanging strips into the center of the mold cover one at a time. Trim any excess phyllo. Make small slits in the phyllo and brush with olive oil. Fill all 6 molds and bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until golden brown. Let cool 2 to 3 minutes. Invert mold to remove pita. Serve as meze or with baby greensnIn a heavy gauge sauce pot combine all ingredients. Bring to a boil. Turn heat down and simmer for 20 minutes. Strain and reserve liquid. Herb tea can be stored in a covered jar and refrigerated for 4 to 5 days., ingredients: [3 ounces olive oil, 112 cups onions finely diced, 112 cups leeks finely diced, Salt and pepper to taste, 112 cups packed dandelion greens, blanched, drained and chopped, 112 cups packed black kale, blanched, drained and chopped, 2 ounces Herb Tea see recipe below, 112 tablespoons dill, chopped, 1 tablespoons parsley, chopped, 1 package phyllo dough 7, defrosted overnight, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup fresh dill with stems, roots removed, 1 tablespoon mint with stems, roughly chopped, 12 cup parsley, with stems, roughly chopped, 2 bay leaves, 5 whole black peppercorns, 1 head garlic, halved, 1 tablespoon salt, 3 quarts cold water], title: Braised Wild Greens and Sweet Onion Pita Hortopita, picturelink: null}, 7695: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nChop the leeks into small pieces.nIn a 6quart saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the leeks and a heavy pinch of salt and sweat for 5 minutes. Decrease the heat to mediumlow and cook until the leeks are tender, approximately 25 minutes, stirring occasionally.nAdd the potatoes and the vegetable broth, increase the heat to mediumhigh, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and gently simmer until the potatoes are soft, approximately 45 minutes.nTurn off the heat and puree the mixture with an immersion blender until smooth. Stir in the heavy cream, buttermilk, and white pepper. Taste and adjust seasoning if desired. Sprinkle with chives and serve immediately, or chill and serve cold., ingredients: [1 pound leeks, cleaned and dark green sections removed, approximately 4 to 5 medium, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Heavy pinch kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning, 14 ounces, approximately 3 small, Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced small, 1 quart vegetable broth, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 1 tablespoon snipped chives], title: Leek Potato Soup, picturelink: VjknqA2g2PiW4ZYalMjjam6NEnojIm}, 7696: {instructions: Combine Italian dressing, garlic powder, oregano, and basil into a plastic bag. Add the chicken breasts and mix well. Marinate in refrigerator overnight.nPreheat grill over medium heat.nMake foil pouches of sliced red onion with butter and another pouch of sliced mushrooms with butter. Place onto hot grill and cook until tender. Drizzle portobello caps with olive oil and place on hot grill to soften. Remove chicken from marinade and discard marinade. Grill chicken breasts until cooked throughout, sprinkling with Cajun seasoning and garlic powder, set to side of grill to keep warm. At same time, grill 4 strips of bacon.nSpread the cooked portobellos with a thick layer of cream cheese. Place 1 cooked chicken breast onto each, spoon on some of the sliced mushrooms, and finally some of the sliced onions. Place a strip of bacon onto that, and then cover with sliced mozzarella and shredded Monterey Jack cheese, put back on grill to melt cheese, and serve with a side of dirty rice., ingredients: [Italian dressing or marinade, to taste, Garlic powder, to taste, Oregano, to taste, Basil, to taste, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 medium red onion, sliced, Butter, 1 package sliced mushrooms, 4 large portobello mushroom caps, Olive oil, Cajun seasoning, 4 strips bacon, Garden vegetable cream cheese, Sliced mozzarella cheese, Shredded Monterey Jack, Cooked dirty rice, for serving], title: Mikes Polish Smothered Chicken, picturelink: D60JHSnloU5LdimtDiOWeSg.oowbckW}, 7697: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSet up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking.nIn a mixing bowl, combine softened butter, cream cheese, sugar, and almond extract. Beat with hand mixer on low speed until smooth and creamy. Set aside.nCombine honey and water in a small bowl. Stir until honey is dissolved. Set aside.nUnroll pizza dough onto hot oiled grill. Cook for 4 minutes on each side. TIP: use a cookie sheet as a big spatula when flipping the crust and removing from grill. Brush with honey mixture and cook for 2 minutes more. Remove crust from grill. Spread with cream cheese mixture and arrange fruit on top.nINDOOR: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly spray baking sheet with cooking spray set aside. Carefully unroll dough and place on prepared baking sheet. Press out dough with fingers to form 13 by 9inch rectangle. Brush dough with honey mixture and bake in preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes or until crust turns golden brown. Remove crust from oven and top as directed., ingredients: [1 stick butter, softened, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened recommended: Philadelphia, 34 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon water, 1 13.8ounce can refrigerated pizza crust dough recommended: Pillsbury, 1 12ounce bag frozen peach slices, thawed recommended: Dole, 1 12ounce bag frozen strawberries, thawed, sliced recommended: Dole, 1 12ounce bag frozen mixed berries, thawed recommended: Dole], title: Grilled Fruit Pizza, picturelink: Egl72AWHn82wMTE1CEnS.1lNwpq9vN2}, 7698: {instructions: In a medium saute pan, saute in sesame oil the garlic, shallots, lemongrass, and ginger until slightly browned. Remove from heat and transfer to mixing bowl.nFold in the lobster meat, soy sauce, sambal, scallions, mint, and basil. Lay out dumpling wrappers evenly on a flat surface and brush a thin layer of egg on each wrapper. Place a small amount of the mixture in the center of the wrapper. Fold the edges of the wrappers up around the mixture and squeeze the edges to seal the dumpling.nDeep fry dumplings in 350 degree F peanut oil until golden brown. Serve with Red CurryCoconut Cream.nIn a small saucepan, add sesame oil and lightly saute the garlic, shallots, ginger, and lemongrass until translucent do not brown. Add in kaffir lime leaves, cover with rice vinegar and mirin, and continue cooking, until liquid is reduced by half.nStir in red curry paste and coconut milk and bring to a boil. Thicken to sauce consistency with cornstarch mixture. Steep in cilantro and add lime juice. Strain through a fine seive., ingredients: [2 ounces sesame oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 shallots, minced, 1 stalk lemongrass, minced, 2 ounces ginger, peeled and minced, 1 pound lobster meat, chopped fine, 14 cup tamari soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sambal chile sauce, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped mint, 2 tablespoons chopped basil, 32 small dumpling wrappers, 2 eggs, beaten, for egg wash, 34 quart peanut oil, for frying, Red CurryCoconut Cream, recipe follows, 2 ounces sesame oil, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 large shallots, chopped, 2 ounces ginger, peeled and chopped, 2 stalks lemongrass, chopped, 2 kaffir lime leaves, 12 cup rice vinegar, 12 cup mirin, 2 tablespoons red curry paste, 2 8ounce cans coconut milk, 1ounce cornstarch, dissolved in water, 12 bunch cilantro, coarsely chopped, 2 limes, juiced], title: Lobster Scallion Shooters, picturelink: null}, 7699: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nAdd the whole tomatoes, garlic and chipotle to a blender and puree until smooth. Add to a saucepan and simmer over medium heat until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and bell peppers and saute until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the plum tomatoes and cook until it breaks down, another 3 minutes. Stir in the beans, quinoa and chili powder. Turn off the heat and fold in the chopped green onions if using.nSplit the poblano peppers in half and remove the seeds. Stuff the peppers with the quinoa mixture. Ladle about half of the tomato sauce into a 13 by 9inch casserole dish. Place the peppers on top and ladle over the remaining sauce. Sprinkle the peppers with the cheese, cover the casserole dish with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Remove the foil from the top and cook until the peppers are very soft, another 5 minutes. Top with Avocado Cream Sauce, diced tomatoes and sliced green onions if desired.nSlice the avocado in half and remove the pit. Scoop the flesh into a food processor and add the yogurt, lime juice and a big pinch of salt and pepper. Blend until smooth., ingredients: [One 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, 3 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 chipotle pepper packed in adobo sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 small red onion, diced, 12 small red bell pepper, diced, 1 plum tomato, diced, One 15ounce can pinto beans, drained andrinsed, 1 cup cooked quinoa, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 3 tablespoons chopped green onions, optional, 2 large poblano peppers 4 if small, 12 cup grated reducedfat Pepper Jackcheese, Avocado Cream Sauce, recipe follows, Diced tomatoes, for garnish, optional, Green onions, sliced, for garnish, optional, 1 large ripe avocado, 12 cup reducedfat Greek yogurt, Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Quinoa Stuffed Poblano Peppers, picturelink: m0ubxZ7W2qFvoXlCuAfcUyukI874V7C}, 7700: {instructions: Brush bell peppers, pineapple and zucchini slices with olive oil. Grill pieces on each side until tender. Cool slightly cut into chunks.nCombine all ingredients in salad kit except Summer Vinaigrette, in large bowl. Add bell peppers, pineapple, zucchini and feta cheese, toss well. Toss with vinaigrette. Spoon salad mixture into pita breads halves., ingredients: [2 small green, red or yellow bell peppers, cut into 2inch strips, 2 slices fresh or canned DOLEu00ae Pineapple, 1 medium zucchini, cut into 12inch thick slices, Olive oil to brush, 1 pkg. DOLEu00ae All Natural Endless Summer Kit, 13 cup crumbled feta cheese, 8 pita pockets about 7inches, cut in half], title: Pita Pockets with Grilled Veggies, picturelink: vtmZuyYV6UQgDOhEN6zYnUQnK3IeLjC}, 7701: {instructions: Finely grind caraway seeds and salt in an electric coffeespice grinder or with a mortar and pestle and spread on a plate. Season chops with salt and dredge in spice mixture, coating completely.nHeat oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then saute chops until golden brown and just cooked through, about 5 minutes on each side. Transfer chops to a plate. Add vinegar to skillet and deglaze over moderately high heat, scraping up brown bits, until most of vinegar is evaporated. Add juice and simmer until reduced by 12, about 3 to 5 minutes. Stir butter into sauce with salt, to taste, and pour over pork chops., ingredients: [4 tablespoons caraway seeds, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 34inchthick centercut pork chops, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 12 cup cider vinegar, 1 cup apple juice, 2 teaspoons cold unsalted butter], title: CarawayCrusted Pork Chops, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 7702: {instructions: Place the lukewarm water in a medium sized bowl and sprinkle in the yeast, letting it stand for 5 minutes until foamy. Add salt, olive oil and 12cup of flour and beat for several minutes with a wooden spoon. Add the remaining flour a fourth of a cup at a time, mixing after each addition. The dough will be a bit softer than bread dough, but it shouldnt be sticky. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead for 5 minutes. If you intend to prepare and bake the pizza imminently, clean and oil the mixing bowl and put the dough back in. Put it in a warm place to rise for 3045 minutes, or until doubled in bulk.nBefore assembling the pizza, get all the toppings ready and oil a 12 inch pizza pan. Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Punch down the risen dough, return to the floured surface and knead for a few minutes. Roll out the dough to fit the pan and press it into place. Brush the top surface of the dough with basil pesto. Add as many toppings as will comfortably fit onto the dough. Make sure not to pile it too high or you may find it doesnt cook evenly. Bake the pizza in the top third of the preheated oven for 15 minutes, or until the crust is golden and the toppings are bubbling., ingredients: [12cup lukewarm water, 1 tsp. active, dry bakers yeast, 14tsp. salt, 114 cup spelt flour, 1 Tbs. extravirgin olive oil salad or cooking, basil pesto, goat cheese, hard type, vegan rice cheese, artichokes globe or French, boiled, drained, broccoli, onions, sundried tomatoes, sweet red peppers], title: Models Pizza, picturelink: null}, 7703: {instructions: Preheat broiler and preheat a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat with 1 tablespoon oil and 1 tablespoon butter. Mix chicken with apple, syrup, grill seasoning, poultry seasoning, cinnamon and nutmeg and score the meat into 4 sections. Form 4 large, thin patties and set into hot butter and oil. Cook 5 minutes on each side.nPlace fork split muffins on broiler pan and toast. Butter toasted muffins and reserve.nHeat a second nonstick skillet over medium heat and melt a tablespoon of butter in the pan. Beat eggs with milk, salt and pepper and scramble to desired doneness.nPile 1 sausage patty, 14 of the eggs and Cheddar cheese on each of 4 muffin halves. Return muffins to broiler to melt cheese, 1 to 2 minutes, then set tops into place and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 turn of the pan, 4 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 pound ground chicken breast, 1 small McIntosh apple peeled and finely chopped, 14 cup pure maple syrup, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning blend recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it, 4 jumbosandwich size English muffins, fork split, 8 large eggs, Splash of cold milk, Salt and pepper, 14 pound Cheddar, thinly sliced or shredded], title: AppleMaple Chicken Sausage Breakfast Sammies, picturelink: null}, 7704: {instructions: In large soup pot, melt the butter with the oil. Add the onions and cook until translucent. Add sugar and flour, cook for 1 minute. Add beef broth, water, salt and pepper. Simmer for 30 minutes. Stir in wines, simmer for 2 hours.nPreheat broiler To Serve: Pour into onion soup crocks. Place a piece of French bread on top. Cover bread with choice of cheese. Place in oven and broil until cheese is melted and bubbly.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of an, ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon oil, 3 large onions  sliced, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons flour, 5 16ounce cans beef broth, 2 12 cans water empty broth cans, Salt and pepper to taste, 14 cup Port wine, 34 cup Burgundy wine, French bread, Mozzarella, Gruyere or Swiss cheese], title: French Onion Soup, picturelink: null}, 7705: {instructions: Bring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil. Set up a bowl of wellsalted ice water. Cook the broccoli rabe in the boiling water for 1 to 2 minutes and then immediately plunge in the salted ice water. This will prevent the broccoli rabe from being overcooked and will set the lovely green color.nDrain the broccoli rabe and squeeze out any excess water coarsely chop. Place the broccoli rabe in the bowl of a food processor and puree until it is a coarse paste. Add the pistachios and parmigiano and puree until smooth. Taste and adjust the seasoning you probably will need more salt. Add the ricotta and pulse until combined. Taste for seasoning once againit should be fullflavored, slightly bitter and creamy at the same time. Set aside.nBring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil. If you are making the pasta right after the pesto, just use the broccoli rabe blanching water. Cook the pasta 1 minute less than the cooking time on the package.nWhile the pasta is cooking, place the pesto in a large skillet and add about 1 to 1 12 cups of the pasta cooking water place over mediumhigh heat. When the pasta is ready, drain and add to the skillet with the pesto. Stir vigorously to combine and cook until the sauce is creamy and heated through, 1 to 2 minutes add salt to taste. Remove from the heat, add 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, if desired, and stir vigorously. Garnish with more parmigiano. VoilanPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 bunch broccoli rabe, tough lower stems removed, 12 cup pistachios, toasted, 34 cup grated parmigianoreggiano cheese, plus more for garnish, Kosher salt, 14 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 12 pound orecchiette pasta, Highquality extravirgin olive oil, for finishing optional], title: Orecchiette with Broccoli Rabe Pesto, picturelink: gbuYIlA2SoNn4Cfokkk0dX.VAGnyYZm}, 7706: {instructions: Arrange 3 bananas unpeeled and 1 pint blueberries on a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Roast in a 350 degrees F oven until the berries burst and the banana peels are deep brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool slightly, then peel the bananas. Puree the fruit in a food processor until smooth. Let cool, then refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 1 month.nPhotograph by John Lee by Arrangement with Rodale, ingredients: [], title: Roasted Banana and Blueberry Puree, picturelink: WC09142XEy67mPTpNDxnaeDL9DJeW}, 7707: {instructions: Clean the meat by trimming excess fat. With a knife make an opening through the center of the meat. Place the meat in a large pot. To prepare marinade, mix garlic, oregano, cumin, bay leaf, bitter orange juice, cooking wine, salt and pepper. Add 3 tablespoons of the marinade to the opening inside the meat. In another container mix the stuffing: ham, carrot, bell peppers and chorizo then place the stuffing inside the meat. Add the rest of the marinade to the outside of the meat. For best results let the meat sit overnight or at least 3 hours, refrigerated.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large frying pan heat cooking oil and remove meat from marinade. Place meat in a hot frying pan, and sear the meat browning it gives the meat flavor. Add the remaining marinade, cover and place in oven for approximately 3 hours. Let the meat cool before cutting it in slices. Combine the tomato sauce with the marinade that remained in the pan and put this mixture in a saucepan and simmer for 3 minutes. Pour over the sliced meat, and add the toppings and serve., ingredients: [5 to 6 pounds Eye Round beef, 6 garlic cloves, mashed, 12 teaspoon ground oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons bitter orange juice, 1 cup dry white cooking wine, 3 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 12 pound ham in small cubes, 1 carrot, sliced, 12 green bell pepper, cut in medium size pieces, 12 red bell pepper, cut in medium size pieces, 2 small Cubanstyle chorizos, sliced, 14 cup vegetable oil, 8 ounces tomato sauce, 1 sliced seared onion, 2 fried ripe plantains, Steak fries], title: Boliche, picturelink: null}, 7708: {instructions: Cut larger potatoes in half and leave small potatoes whole. Cover potatoes with water and bring water to a boil. Add salt and cook until potatoes are tender 10 to 12 minutes. Drain potatoes and return them to hot pot. Add broth or stock and smash the potatoes up. Add pesto and smash to desired consistency. Serve while hot., ingredients: [2 12 pounds small red skinned potatoes, Coarse salt, 1 cup stock or chicken broth, 1 cup prepared store bought pesto], title: Pesto Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 7709: {instructions: Insert a metal skewer lengthwise into the meat of the lobster tails to keep them from curling. Put the tails into a large pot of boiling water and parboil for about 5 to 7 minutes. We only want to cook them 34 of the way through, because the lobster tails will finish cooking on the grill. Once parboiled, remove the skewers. Using kitchen shears, cut lengthwise down the underside shell of the tail to remove the meat. Discard the shells. Wrap the lobster tails crosswise with slices of pancetta. Tip: When wrapping the lobster meat in pancetta, wrap tightly and squeeze to make it stick. The fat from the pancetta acts as a glue. Once wrapped, put the lobster tail on the LOWEST HEAT of the grill. Remove the lobster tails from the grill to a serving platter.nMango Salad: Dice the avocado, mango, and jicama and add them to a serving bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, then stir in a little olive oil, the lime juice and the mint. Keep chilled until ready to serve.nSummer Salad: Grill the jalapeno and green onions for 2 to 3 minutes, and the corn for 5 to 7 minutes on the HOTTEST HEAT of the grill. Remove the vegetables from the grill to a cutting board. Slice the green onion, cut the corn off the cob, and dice the jalapeno pepper and add them to a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Melt the butter in a cast iron pan and stir in the seasoned vegetables. Keep the vegetables warm on the grill. When ready to serve transfer the vegetables to a serving bowl. Serve the lobster with the Mango Salad and Summer Salad., ingredients: [4 lobster tails, 16 slices pancetta, about 18inch thick slices 4 per lobster tail, 1 whole avocado, halved and pitted, 1 whole mango, peeled, 1 whole jicama, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 whole jalapeno chile, 4 green onions, 4 whole ears of corn, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature], title: Grilled Lobster with Mango Salad, picturelink: null}, 7710: {instructions: Put a pizza stone or upsidedown baking sheet in the oven preheat to 500 degrees F. Pulse the garlic, ginger, canola oil and a pinch of salt in a food processor until smooth. Mix 1 teaspoon of the garlicginger paste with the tomato puree. Stretch the pizza dough into a 12inch round on a floured surface. Put on a cornmealdusted pizza peel or upsidedown baking sheet slide onto the hot pizza stone or baking sheet and cook 5 minutes. If youre using a prepared crust, skip this step. Slide the crust back onto the peel. Spread with the tomato puree, then top with the cheese, pepperoni, pineapple and chile pepper. Return to the oven and bake until the cheese melts, 8 to 10 more minutes. Remove from the oven and let sit 5 minutes, then top with mint and Sriracha.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 teaspoons minced peeled ginger, 2 teaspoons canola oil, Kosher salt, 12 cup tomato puree, 1 pound pizza dough or one 10to12inch prepared crust, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, Cornmeal, for dusting, 1 cup shredded cheese blend mozzarella, provolone, cheddar andor parmesan, 12 cup sliced pepperoni, 12 cup chopped pineapple, 1 fresh red chile pepper, thinly sliced, Fresh mint and Sriracha hot Asian chili sauce, for topping], title: Modified Hawaiian Pizza, picturelink: v2UPZ64avJ1BzkzOirPI.KPpGZe16Km}, 7711: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl add the croissants and chocolate chips. Mix well with your hands. In a separate medium bowl, add the cream, sugar, cinnamon and eggs. Whisk the mixture until incorporated and a nice light yellow color is achieved. Slowly pour 14 of the cream mixture into the bowl with the croissants. Mix with wooden spoon. Repeat, slowly adding the cream mixture, until all the ingredients are incorporated.nTransfer the bread mixture to casserole dish. Make sure the mixture is evenly spread throughout the dish. Bake for about 20 minutes. Check on the pudding, and make sure there is no burning. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees F and rotate the pudding 180 degrees. Continue to bake for 10 more minutes. Once the pudding is baked, remove it from the oven and allow it to sit for about 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 croissants, shredded by hand, 1 cup chocolate chips, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup sugar, Pinch ground cinnamon, 4 eggs], title: Chocolate Croissant Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 7712: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTip: I used the fine side of a box grater to finely grate the bittersweet chocolate.nPlace the milk powder, grated chocolate, orange zest and cinnamon in a large mixing bowl and combine thoroughly. Spoon the mixture into attractive tins or jars. Label with instructions to use 12 cup of chocolate mixture with 1 cup of hot milk or water.nTo make hot chocolate: Pour milk into a saucepan and heat until hot but not boiling. Stir in the hot chocolate mixture and bring to a boil. You can also use a cinnamon stick to stir the hot chocolate. In that case, do not add the ground cinnamon in the recipe. Serving with marshmallows is optional., ingredients: [1 12 cup bittersweet chocolate, finely grated, 12 cup whole dry milk powder, 1 orange, zested, Pinch cinnamon, to taste, Marshmallows, optional], title: Jacques Orange Hot Chocolate, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 7713: {instructions: For the mac and cheese: In a pot of boiling salted water, cook the pasta until al dente drain. Set an extralarge skillet, or a large heavy saucepan, over mediumlow heat and cook the bacon until crispy and the fat renders out, 10 to 12 minutes. Set the bacon aside, reserving the fat to build your sauce. At this point you should have about 14 cup of reserved fat. If needed, add some olive oil or butter to make sure you have a 14 cup of fat in the pan.nAdd the flour and cook, whisking constantly, until the paste bubbles a bit, about 2 minutes make sure it doesnt brown. Continuing to whisk, add 3 cups of the hot milk and cook until the sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Bring the sauce to a boil, reduce the heat to low and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes. Stir in the dry mustard, and then gradually add the Cheddar and Muenster cheeses, stirring constantly until all of the cheese has melted into the sauce. Stir in the hot sauce and the remaining 1 cup milk. Add the cooked pasta to the sauce and stir to coat. Stir in the crispy bacon and season with salt and pepper. Youll need 2 cups of mac and cheese for the sandwiches.nFor the grilled cheese: Top all 8 slices of bread with a slice of American cheese. This will act as your glue. Spoon 12 cup of the mac and cheese onto four of the slices, sprinkle with some basil, and then add a dollop of the spicy peppers. Top with 1 or 2 tomato slices, and cover with a second slice of bread.nIn a large nonstick skillet set over medium heat, spread 13 cup of the grated Parmesan in an even circle roughly the same size as your bread. Let the Parmesan begin to melt and brown, 2 to 3 minutes. As soon as it gets golden brown, set a sandwich on top of the Parmesan. Cook for 2 minutes more. The Parmesan will adhere to the bread and create a nice crispy crust. Remove the sandwich from the skillet and repeat the same process for the other side of the sandwich. Depending on the size of your pan, you may be able to do two sandwiches at a time. If needed, keep finished sandwiches warm in a 200 degree F oven while the others are cooking., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 6 strips thickcut smoked bacon, cut in 14inch pieces, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups hot whole milk, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, or more as needed, 8 ounces sharp Cheddar, shredded 2 cups, 8 ounces Muenster cheese, shredded 2 cups, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, Eight 12inch thick slices brioche, 8 slices American cheese, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 4 tablespoons crushed Calabrian hot chile peppers, from jar, 8 slices tomato, cut thin or 4 large slices, depending on how big your tomato is, 2 12 cups grated Parmesan], title: ParmesanCrusted Grilled Cheese, picturelink: 2ioo7AdS0bxG7NbWXI4XdhOpccfmduS}, 7714: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, combine the mayonnaise, sour cream, capers and mustard. Add the shallots, celery, lemon zest and juice, and stir. Season with salt and pepper. Gently fold in the crabmeat, the chopped parsley and the tarragon.nPlace the endive spears on a platter and spoon a heaping tablespoon of the crab mixture into the center of the leaves. Garnish with a sprinkle of chopped bacon., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons capers, drained and roughly chopped, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 3 small inner stalks celery with leaves, finely chopped, 1 lemon, zested and juiced about 1 tablespoon juice, Kosher salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 pound lump cooked crabmeat, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley, plus 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, 13 cup chopped fresh tarragon, 20 endive spears 3 to 4 endives, 4 strips cooked bacon, finely chopped], title: Creamy Crab and Bacon Endive Boats, picturelink: SemSq1U8.Bube.ZlJnxkpJgYsH7XmVy}, 7715: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 13by9inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.nMix the coconut and condensed milk in a bowl until well combined. Spread the mixture evenly in the prepared baking dish. Bake until the coconut is completely browned with dark and crispy edges, about 20 minutes.nCool slightly, then cut into squares. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying baking dish, 5 12 cups one 14ounce bag sweetened shredded coconut, 12 cup sweetened condensed milk], title: Cocada: Easy Coconut Bark, picturelink: zUZBBA4o2e0RvvOgmxmyz4vWJB56FmK}, 7716: {instructions: Whisk the egg yolks, 14 cup of sugar, butter, 14 cup of water, coffee liqueur, and chili oil in a large metal bowl to blend. Set the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water do not allow the bottom of the bowl to touch the water whisk constantly until the mixture is very thick and frothy, about 3 minutes. Add the chocolate and stir until melted and smooth. Remove from the heat.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the egg whites in another large bowl to soft peaks. Gradually add the remaining 14 cup of sugar, beating until stiff and glossy peaks form. Remove the chocolate from over the water. Fold 13 of the meringue into the warm chocolate mixture to lighten, then fold in the remaining meringue.nCover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate until set, at least 3 hours or overnight. Spoon the mousse into 6ounce bowls. Top with spicy whipped cream and serve.nCombine the oil and crushed red pepper flakes in a heavy small saucepan. Cook over low heat until a thermometer inserted into the oil registers 180 degrees F, about 5 minutes.nRemove from heat. Cool to room temperature, about 2 hours. Transfer the oil and pepper flakes to a 4ounce bottle. Seal the lid. Refrigerate up to 1 month.nYield: 2 cupsnPrep Time: 2 minutesnCook Time: 5 minutesnInactive Prep Time: 2 hoursnWith an electric mixer, whip cream gradually adding the sugar until soft peaks form. Top with a dusting of cocoa powder and a pinch of cayenne. Serve immediately.nYield: 2 cupsnPrep Time: 5 minutesnCook Time:nInactive Prep Time:, ingredients: [4 large eggs, separated, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 14 cup water, 3 tablespoons coffee liqueur, 4 teaspoons Chili Oil, recipe follows, 7 ounces bittersweet not unsweetened or semisweet chocolate, chopped, Spicy Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 2 cups olive oil, 4 teaspoons dried crushed red pepper flakes, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup granulated sugar, Cocoa powder, Ground cayenne pepper], title: Wicked Hot Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: null}, 7717: {instructions: Special equipment: Wooden or metal skewersnIn a small saucepan, whisk together the peanut sauce, black bean sauce, and hot sauce. Set over mediumhigh heat, bring to a simmer, and simmer until reduced slightly, 5 to 7 minutes.nMeanwhile, coat a stovetop grill pan, griddle, or large skillet with cooking spray and set over mediumhigh heat. Skewer the shrimp, leaving a little space between each one to allow for even cooking. Place the skewers on the hot pan and cook until the shrimp are bright pink and cooked through, about 5 minutes, turning frequently.nServe the shrimp with the warm peanut sauce on the side for dunking.nIn a medium saucepan, whisk together the sauce ingredients until well blended and set the pan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and let simmer for 10 minutes.nThe leftover peanut sauce will keep in the refrigerator up to 4 days or in the freezer up to 3 months thaw completely in the refrigerator or microwave for about 3 minutes on LOW before using., ingredients: [1 cup Thai Peanut Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons Chinese black bean sauce, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Cooking spray, 1 12 pounds large or jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 cups reducedsodium beef broth, 2 tablespoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 1 teaspoon hot sauce], title: Shrimp Satay, picturelink: null}, 7718: {instructions: Place the blueberries and sugar in a blender and puree. Place the lemon juice and water in a pitcher and strain the pureed blueberries through a medium mesh sieve into the pitcher. Stir well and pour into tall ice filled glasses, ingredients: [3 cups blueberries, 34 cups sugar, 2 cups freshly squeezed lemon juice, 3 cups cold water, Ice cubes], title: Blueberry Lemonade, picturelink: TCOqlyGiTrK0zOJUgdiQD8hkgjJHnRW}, 7719: {instructions: Steep instant espresso in boiling water and cool to room temperature. Mix with 4 egg yolks, and sugar and set in the top of a double boiler. Beat with an electric beater until mixture is thick and fluffy. Beating constantly, pour the rum into the egg yolk mixture in a slow thin stream and continue beating until mixture almost triples in volume this may take 10 minutes or so.nTo serve, spoon mixture into balloon wine glasses or goblets, or chill for 30 minutes and serve as a sauce over ladyfingers or angel food cake., ingredients: [4 teaspoons instant espresso or coffee dissolved in 14 cup boiling water, cooled, 4 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup rum], title: Coffee Sabayon, picturelink: null}, 7720: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F and butter a 9 by 13inch baking pan.nPlace the prunes in a small saucepan. Cover them with water. Bring to a low boil and cook until soft and mashable, about 8 minutes.nDrain the water and mash the prunes on a plate. Its okay to leave little chunks behind. Set the prunes aside and make the cake.nSift together the flour, baking soda, allspice, cinnamon and nutmeg. Mmmm... smells like the holidays.nIn a separate bowl, mix together the oil, sugar, vanilla and eggs.nCombine the wet and dry ingredients and splash in the buttermilk. Stir until just combined. The mixture will be slightly lumpy.nNow throw in the mashed prunes. And if your honey walks in as youre completing this step, shield the bowl with your body and stir quickly. What he doesnt know wont hurt him.nPour into the prepared baking pan and bake for 35 to 40 minutes. Grandma Iny was adamant: do not over bake the cake. You want it to be nice and moist.nWhen the cake has about 5 minutes left to bake, make the icing: Combine the sugar, buttermilk, butter, corn syrup, baking soda and vanilla in a medium saucepan. Stir to combine. Bring to a slow boil over mediumhigh heat. No need to stir. Continue boiling until the icing turns a light caramel color, 5 to 7 minutes. Important: The icing should be the color of caramel, but not yet firm and sticky. It needs to be pourable.nPull the cake out of the oven. Try not to faint, as it smells absolutely divine.nWhile the cake is very warm, pour the icing evenly over the top. Work fast, as it will quickly start to soak into the cake.nSpread the coat evenly ... then please, do yourself a favor: lick the spatula. Itll make you smile. Serve immediately, or feel free to let the cake sit on the counter for a while before serving. It only gets better with age.nHelpful hint: serve without revealing the fact that the cake contains prunes., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing pan, 1 cup prunes, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 cup canola oil, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 eggs, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup buttermilk, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Inys Prune Cake with Buttermilk Icing, picturelink: at017fgp06SixrvYk6dAgIG5RZG9Zx6}, 7721: {instructions: Soak the chickpeas overnight in a bowl of cold water drain and place in a large pot.nWrap the bay leaves, cinnamon stick, cardamom, cloves and peppercorns in a piece of cheesecloth and tie with twine. Add to the pot along with 8 cups water and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, skimming off any foam from the surface. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the chickpeas are tender, about 50 minutes. Strain the chickpeas, reserving the cooking liquid and spice bundle.nMeanwhile, pulse the quartered onion, ginger and garlic in a mini food processor to form a paste. Heat the vegetable oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the diced onion and cook until browned, 6 to 10 minutes. Add 1 14 teaspoons salt, the gingergarlic paste and the serrano. Cook, stirring, until the mixture is dry, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the cumin, coriander and turmeric and cook until fragrant, about 1 more minute.nAdd the chickpeas, tomatoes, 3 cups of the reserved cooking liquid and the spice bundle simmer until thickened, about 20 minutes. Add the cauliflower and cook until slightly tender, 5 to 6 minutes add more cooking liquid, if needed. Stir in the okra and cook until just tender, about 5 minutes. Discard the spice bundle. Stir in the lemon juice and cilantro and season with salt.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson, ingredients: [12 pound dried chickpeas, 2 bay leaves, 1 cinnamon stick, 4 cardamom pods, cracked, 6 whole cloves, 12 black peppercorns, 2 red onions 1 quartered, 1 diced, 1 3inch piece ginger, peeled and chopped, 4 cloves garlic, 14 cup vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 1 serrano chile pepper, chopped remove seeds for less heat, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 18 teaspoon turmeric, 2 plum tomatoes, diced, 6 cups cauliflower florets, 12 pound fresh or frozen okra thawed, if frozen, halved lengthwise, Juice of 1 lemon, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro or mint], title: Chickpea and Cauliflower Curry, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 7722: {instructions: Combine 1 ounce each cognac, orange liqueur and lemon juice in a shaker. Moisten the rim of a tumbler and dip in coarse sugar fill with ice. Shake the drink well, then strain into the glass. Top with a splash of seltzer.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Sparkling Sidecar, picturelink: 24RWFnLFBv6fEp43ze2wnXgTH7ltRy}, 7723: {instructions: Place chicken breasts in a shallow ovenproof dish. Pour several inches of cider sweet or hard in the dish and cover. Marinate for 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace covered dish in oven. Cook until done, about 25 minutes. Pour juices into frying pan, stirring constantly, reduce if necessary. Add an equal amount of heavy cream. Stir constantly. Add sea salt and pepper, to taste. When thickened to desired preference, pour over chicken and garnish with chopped parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, Cider, to cover, Heavy cream, Sea salt, Black pepper, Chopped parsley], title: Poached Chicken in Norman Style Cider Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 7724: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line a rimmed baking sheet with foil.nPut the lentils in a medium saucepan and cover by two inches with cold water. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain well.nMeanwhile, toss the carrots and fennel with 2 teaspoons of the oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper on the prepared baking sheet. Roast until tender and golden brown, about 25 minutes.nAdd the cilantro, scallions, parsley, vinegar, remaining 14 cup oil and some salt and pepper to a food processor and pulse until blended. Combine the lentils, roasted vegetables and dressing together in a large bowl. Serve warm or chilled., ingredients: [2 cups French lentils, rinsed, drained and picked through, 3 medium carrots, roughly chopped, 1 medium bulb fennel, fronds removed, roughly chopped, 2 teaspoons plus 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 4 scallions, roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar], title: Lentil Salad with Roasted Carrots and Fennel, picturelink: null}, 7725: {instructions: Wash cucumbers, slice into 14inch thick rounds, and place in a heated, sterilized mason jar with horseradish and fresh dill weed.nSet a large pot over medium heat and add vinegar, sugar, water, garlic and pickling spices. Bring the brine to a boil then pour over cucumbers and horseradish in stillhot mason jar and seal lid. Allow to cool to room temperature before refrigerating. You can serve once chilled, but for best flavor serve after the pickles have been left overnight., ingredients: [5 pickling cucumbers about 4 inches long, 4 slices fresh horseradish, peeled and cut into 12inch slices, 4 sprigs fresh dill weed, 1 cup white vinegar, 1 cup sugar, 3 cups water, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 tablespoons pickling spice, 2 teaspoons turmeric, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Homemade Bread and Butter Pickles, picturelink: null}, 7726: {instructions: Special equipment: a slow cookernSeason the chicken chunks lightly with salt and pepper and put them in a slow cooker. Sprinkle over the fivespice powder. Stir together the stock, soy sauce, ginger, sriracha and garlic in a small bowl and pour over the chicken. Cover and cook on high for 3 12 hours.nAfter 3 12 hours, mix together the cornstarch with 2 tablespoons water in a small bowl. Stir it into the slow cooker along with the sesame oil. Add the broccoli and peppers, cover and continue cooking on high for 30 minutes. Taste the sauce and adjust the seasoning.nServe over rice garnished with scallions and sesame seeds., ingredients: [12 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into chunks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon fivespice powder, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 12 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon sriracha, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 2 cups broccoli florets, 1 red bell pepper, coarsely chopped, Cooked rice, for serving, 4 scallions, sliced, for garnish, Sesame seeds, for garnish], title: Slow Cooker Chicken and Broccoli, picturelink: et7YwlIbP4DxS3dHSNiXXSTH9VAus4K}, 7727: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350. Slice 13 off the top of the garlic heads, brush with olive oil and wrap each head individually in foil. Butter and breadcrumb 2 qt. casserole dish with high sides 6 inches or higher.nPierce the potatoes with a fork or knife tip and place on a baking sheet along with the garlic and onion. Bake for one hour, or until potatoes are soft. Mash potatoes in a large bowl or use a standing mixer.nAdd squeezedout garlic and onion and mix till fairly smooth. Add cream, eggs, salt, pepper and nutmeg. Grate Parmesan, shred other cheeses.nSpoon about 23 of the potatoes into the prepared casserole dish, pressing potato mixture up sides. Layer salami, soft cheeses, half the Parmesan and half the breadcrumbs on top of the potatoes.nSeason with salt and pepper. Top with remaining potato mix, sprinkle with rest of breadcrumbs and Parmesan cheese. Bake on cookie sheet one and a half hours. Let cool a bit before spooning out., ingredients: [3 12 lbs russet potatoes, 2 heads garlic, 1 onion, sliced in half, cut side down, 2 c. heavy cream, 2 eggs, Salt, pepper, nutmeg to taste, 14 lb provolone or mozzarella cheese, shredded, 14 lb sharp cheddar cheese, shredded, 14 lb thinsliced Italian salami, cut in 1 inch pieces try Genoa, Mortadella, or Soprassata, 12 c. breadcrumbs, 121 c. grated Parmesan cheese], title: Potato Cheese Comfort Casserole, picturelink: null}, 7728: {instructions: Bring the water to a slow boil over medium heat. Add the salt. Add the edamame and cook for 5 minutes. Drain. Never wash after cooking. Place on sheet pan to cool. Heat a saute pan with the olive oil. Add the edamame and season with salt, pepper and herb mix. Toss and serve.nPlace everything in a mill or coffee grinder and blend 15 to 20 seconds. Remove to a sealable container., ingredients: [1 cup edamame, shelled, 4 cups water, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, for water, 1 teaspoon olive oil, Kosher salt and cracked pepper, 1 tablespoon Bills Chile and Herb Mix, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons chile powder, 4 tablespoons dried basil, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 1 tablespoon chipotle powder, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon dried tarragon, 1 teaspoon dried dill weed, 12 teaspoon dried sage, 2 tablespoons Szechuan peppercorns, crushed, 1 teaspoon cumin seed, crushed, 1 tablespoon coriander seed, crushed], title: Bills Herb and Chili Edamame, picturelink: null}, 7729: {instructions: Peel and crush the garlic. Add to the oils and slowly heat. Before it burns, turn off heat and let sit. When cool, marinate the steaks in the oil for 2 hours or overnight.nSeason the steaks and place on a hot grill. Grill until cooked through, turning once. Drop the mushrooms into the marinade. Grill the mushrooms, then slice., ingredients: [6 cloves garlic, 1 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup olive oil, 6 Romanian tenderloins, flank steaks or ribeye steak, 4 large portobello mushrooms, Salt and pepper], title: Romanian Steak, picturelink: null}, 7730: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Put a wire rack on a baking sheet and place in the oven.nGrate the onion on a box grater into a large bowl. Grate both potatoes into the same bowl, grating down the length of the potato to get long strands. Toss the potatoes with the onions as you work to keep them from discoloring. Put potato mixture in a clean dish towel and wring out excess liquid. Toss the latke mixture with the flour, salt, and cayenne. Stir in the egg.nHeat a 14inch oil in a large cast iron or other heavy skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, spoon about 14 cup of the latke mixture into the skillet, pressing lightly to form 3inch pancakes. Take care not to overcrowd the pan. Cook, turning once, until just golden, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to the rack in the oven while you cook the remaining batter.nServe the latkes topped with a small dollop of sour cream and horseradish. Garnish with a parsley leaf. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 medium yellow onion, 12 pound Yukon gold potato, about 1 large, 12 pound sweet potato, about 1 medium, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch cayenne, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Vegetable oil, 4 teaspoons light sour cream, 4 teaspoons beet or regular horseradish, 2 to 3 sprigs flatleaf parsley], title: Sweet Potato Latkes, picturelink: uOsVZlDcOLY.l.6XGZQejmlfcZ0rC6S}, 7731: {instructions: Place the yeast and warm water into a medium size bowl and stir to dissolve the yeast. Add the flour and stir vigorously with a wooden spoon or your hand for 2 to 3 minutes, until smooth, and dough is elastic. The starter will be thick and stretchy. It will become more elastic after it has risen.nScrape the starter into a clear container with high sides, and cover with plastic wrap. Mark the height of the starter and the time on a piece of tape on the side of the container so you can see how much it rises.nAt this point, you have two options. If you plan on making the dough the same day, let the sponge rise at room temperature until it has risen to the point where it just begins to indent on top. This may take 6 to 8 hours. It will triple in volume, and very small dents and folds will begin to appear in the top of the surface as it reaches its peak and begins to deflate. Use it before it sinks too much.nIf you plan to make the dough the following day, let the sponge rise for 1 hour after mixing, then place it in the refrigerator and let it rise for at least 14 hours before taking it out to use. Be sure to compensate for the cold temperature of the starter by using warm water in the dough. Let it sit out, covered, until it reaches room temperature. This may take several hours., ingredients: [7 ounces warm water, 14 teaspoon fresh yeast, 7 ounces organic bread flour], title: Sponge Starter, picturelink: null}, 7732: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line cupcake or muffin pans with 24 muffin liners.nCombine the butter, buttermilk and honey in a pitcher. Sift the flour, baking soda and salt. In the bowl of a stand mixer, combine the granulated sugar, sour cream and eggs. Add the buttermilk mixture to the sour cream mixture. Slowly stir in the sifted flour mixture until combined.nFill the cupcake liners and bake for 20 minutes, rotating halfway through. Remove from the oven and cool completely before frosting.nFill the cupcakes with the Baklava Filling. Pipe with Cinnamon Buttercream. Top with a Filo Puff.nIn a saucepan, combine the milk, granulated sugar, butter, corn syrup, cornstarch and egg yolks, and melt over medium heat using a heatproof spatula. Add in the chopped nuts. Bring to a simmer while stirring. Remove from the heat and refrigerate until completely cooled.nIn a stand mixer with the whisk attachment, whip the butter until soft. Slowly add in the powdered sugar and vanilla, along with the heavy whipping cream. Beat until fluffy. Add in the cinnamon and stir to combine.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet liberally with pan spray.nRemove the filo dough from the package and, taking 12inchthick bunches of strands at a time, twist into circular shapes. Place the circles on the prepared baking sheet and bake until golden, about 10 minutes, rotating once halfway through. Remove from the oven and cool completely., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup buttermilk, 34 cup honey, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup sour cream, 2 eggs, Baklava Filling, recipe follows, Cinnamon Buttercream, recipe follows, Filo Puffs, recipe follows, 12 cup evaporated milk, 12 cup granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon corn syrup, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 egg yolks, 1 14 cups chopped pistachios and walnuts, 2 sticks unsalted butter, 6 cups powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pan spray, 1 package shredded filo dough], title: Polka Cake, picturelink: YzWWBf278cOYCEzrVUVmFZMyry6uUee}, 7733: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine all ingredients in a bowl and press into a 9 by 13 baking dish lined with aluminum foil that extends 2 inches beyond the short end of the pan. Bake for 8 to10 minutes, remove from oven. Then reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nWhisk all ingredients together in a medium bowl. Pour the filling over the prepared crust. Bake until the filling is almost set, about 20 to 22 minutes. Cool the bars completely in the pan set on a wire rack. Refrigerate the bars for at least 2 hours, until chilled.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the milk and cream to a gentle boil. Add the chopped chocolate and let stand for 30 seconds to melt the chocolate. Whisk the mixture until the chocolate is completely melted and the mixture is smooth. Set the topping aside to cool to room temperature for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until cool. Pour the cooled white chocolate topping over the chilled bars and, using a small, offset metal spatula, spread it into an even layer. Freeze the bars in the pan for at least 1 hour before cutting.nGinger Mint Syrup: 12 cup water 13 cup granulated sugar 2 tablespoons finely chopped candied ginger 1 tablespoon ginger liqueur, such as Canton 14 cup packed mint leavesnIn a small saucepan, combine the water, sugar, and candied ginger and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Continue to boil until the syrup is reduced to about 13 cup. Remove the pan from the heat and let the mixture cool for 5 minutes. Stir in the ginger liqueur and pour the syrup into a blender. Add the mint leaves and blend until the mint is finely chopped. Transfer the syrup to a squeeze bottle and refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour.nGarnish with: Mint sprigs Sweetened whipped cream White chocolate curls Candied lime peels Ginger syrup Chopped and toasted macadamia nuts, ingredients: [2 cups gingersnaps crumbs, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 large egg, 4 large egg yolks, 2 15ounce cans sweetened condensed milk, 1 cup bottled key lime juice, 1 teaspoon freshly grated lime zest, Pinch salt, 14 cup whole milk, 14 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces good quality white chocolate, chopped], title: White Chocolate Key Lime Bars, picturelink: null}, 7734: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nThinly slice the potatoes using a mandoline, the slicing blade of a food processor or a chefs knife.nPlace the butter in the castiron or ovenproof skillet and melt it in the preheated oven. Remove and swirl the butter around to coat, and then pour the butter into a dish.nArrange the sweet potato slices in overlapping concentric circles in the skillet, brushing each layer with some of the butter, sprinkling with salt and pepper, and pressing down to compact, until all of the potatoes and butter have been used. Place a layer of foil directly on the top layer and place an empty pan on top to pack the potatoes down.nBake until the potato cake can be easily pierced with a knife indicating the potatoes are tender, about 45 minutes. Run a metal spatula around the edge and then carefully invert the potato cake onto a serving platter., ingredients: [3 pounds assorted colored sweet potatoes, peeled, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Sweet Potatoes Anna, picturelink: C9gtt9wZhAXAF7hh3rgVjZ3zyzrYGoe}, 7735: {instructions: Blend the tomatoes, onion, and garlic to a fairly smooth sauce it should have some texture.nHeat the oil, add the sauce and salt, and cook over a medium flame for about 8 minutes until it has thickened and is well seasoned., ingredients: [3 medium tomatoes about 1 pound, broiled, 14 onion, roughly chopped, 1 small clove garlic, peeled and roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons peanut or safflower oil, 14 teaspoon salt, or to taste], title: Salsa de Jitomate Cocida: Cooked Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 7736: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix all of the ingredients together until well incorporated and evenly distributed. Assemble the sandwiches by layering the chicken salad, lettuce, and tomato. Serve., ingredients: [1 3 to 4 pound roasted chicken, skin and bones discarded, meat diced small, 4 red jalapenos, seeded and diced, 12 cup red onion, diced, 12 cup chopped roasted pistachios, chopped, 2 tablespoons roasted garlic paste, 1 tablespoon sweet red chili sauce, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons sliced scallions, greens only, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons cracked black pepper, 4 to 6 fresh croissants, split, Lettuce, to garnish, Tomato, to garnish], title: Big Daddys Kickn Chicken Salad, picturelink: JeVoY3uHii4E35WoooyrATXurn1drW}, 7737: {instructions: Heat grill to medium. Combine pomegranate molasses, orange juice, and cinnamon in a small bowl. Drizzle quail with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill, breastside down, over medium heat, for about 7 minutes total or until golden brown and slightly charred. When quail is 34 cooked brush with glaze, turn over, brush the other side with glaze, and continue grilling until just cooked through. Remove from the grill and serve 2 quail per person., ingredients: [12 cup pomegranate molasses, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 8 quail, butterflied, Canola oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: PomegranateCinnamon Grilled Quail, picturelink: null}, 7738: {instructions: Put the salmon, 1 tablespoon water, 1 12 teaspoons curry powder, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a microwavesafe bowl.nCover with plastic wrap and microwave until the fish is opaque, 2 to 3 minutes. Flake with a fork and cool slightly. Stir in 1 tablespoon tartar sauce, the cracker meal, ginger, half of the scallions and the egg. Form into 4 patties and freeze until firm, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk the remaining 7 tablespoons tartar sauce and 12 teaspoon curry powder in a bowl. In a separate bowl, mix 1 tablespoon of the curried tartar sauce with the bell pepper, celery, mango, remaining scallions, lime juice, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste.nHeat 14 inch of vegetable oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Sprinkle the patties with cracker meal on both sides and fry until golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels. Serve with the mango salad and curried tartar sauce.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound skinless salmon fillet, halved crosswise, 2 teaspoons curry powder, preferably hot, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 tablespoons storebought tartar sauce, 14 cup cracker meal or crushed saltines, plus more for sprinkling, 2 tablespoons grated peeled ginger, 1 bunch scallions, finely chopped, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 1 mango, peeled, pitted and diced, Juice of 1 lime, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Curried Salmon Cakes, picturelink: gWTAh5w0b1WmAK6LTfWwwcvbZHNPqz6}, 7739: {instructions: Heat a large castiron skillet over high heat. Add the bacon and cook until crisp, about 2 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a paper towellined plate to drain. Add the sausage, onion, celery and bell pepper to the skillet and cook, stirring, until the vegetables are soft and the sausage begins to brown, about 3 minutes.nAdd the garlic, thyme, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper to the skillet, then stir in the rice. Add the chicken broth and 1 cup water and bring to a boil. Stir in the okra, then reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit, covered, 5 minutes. Add the bacon and parsley and fluff with a fork.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 slices bacon, chopped, 12 ounces spicy chicken sausage preferably Cajun style, cubed, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, sliced, 1 small green bell pepper, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup longgrain white rice, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cups chopped frozen okra, thawed, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Cajun Rice With Sausage, picturelink: LBSPviGxQEROhT9Quel7tScM4yEW2}, 7740: {instructions: Add the ancho chile powder, cumin, coriander, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, cayenne and black pepper to a medium bowl and slowly whisk until thoroughly combined. Scoop the blended mixture into a jar and top with a tightfitting lid. The spice rub will keep at room temperature in a dark place like your cabinet for up to 1 year., ingredients: [3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 3 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Spice Rub, picturelink: 26bbeNSLdoKeUdje1Yv70W0RipNtx.}, 7741: {instructions: For the Salmon breading:nPlace 2 cups shredded potatoes into a shallow pan. Using a rubber spatula spread 18 cup of salmon glue evenly onto one side of a 6 ounces salmon filet. Place coated side of salmon filet into shredded potatoes. Repeat process for opposite side. Ensure that salmon is evenly coated in shredded potatoes.nFor the Lemon butter sauce:nIn a saute pan add white wine, lemon juice, cream, garlic, turmeric, salt and pepper. Heat on high heat and reduce by 12 its original volume. Remove from heat and swirl in diced butter.nPlating procedure:nPlace potato crusted salmon onto griddle over medium high heat. Allow to cook on one side until potatoes are golden brown. Flip salmon and complete cooking and browning of salmon. Approximately 3 12 to 4 minutes for each side. Place 2 ounces garlic mashed potatoes onto the center of a dinner plate, ladle sauce around mashed potatoes, and place vegetables atop mashed potatoes. Place browned salmon atop vegetables. Garnish with julienne green onions., ingredients: [6 ounces salmon filet, 14 cup salmon glue recipe follows, 2 cups shredded potatoes, 2 ounces garlic mashed potatoes, 2 ounces lemon butter sauce, 14 cup sauteed vegetables, 6 ounces fresh salmon filet, 14 teaspoon shallot, 34 cup 40 percent heavy whipping cream, 12 teaspoon salt, Pinch white pepper, Pinch chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons white wine, 14 teaspoon chopped fresh garlic, 2 tablespoons 40 percent whipping cream, 2 tablespoons diced unsalted butter, Pinch turmeric, Pinch salt, Pinch white pepper], title: Potato Crusted Salmon, picturelink: null}, 7742: {instructions: Melt 1 pound of chocolate, slowly stirring, in a double boiler. Warm the cream in a large saucepan but do not scorch. Remove the chocolate from the heat, cool slightly, then combine with the heavy cream. Stir the butter into the chocolate cream mixture and refrigerate until firm but still pliable, about 20 minutes. Transfer the chocolate to a pastry bag fitted with a large straight tip and pipe into teaspoonsize mounds onto a waxed paper covered cookie sheet, or use a spoon to dole out teaspoonsize mounds. Refrigerate the entire pan until the chocolate is hard to the touch.nWhen the chocolate is sufficiently firm this can be done a day or 2 ahead remove the chocolate from the refrigerator and, working quickly to prevent melting, roll the chocolate mounds into balls, then chill the balls again until firm.nIn a food processor fitted with a metal blade, pulse the coconut briefly to make it a little finer so that it will adhere better to the truffles. When firm, roll each truffle in the coconut, pressing firmly to make sure the coconut sticks. At this point you can refrigerate the truffles for as much as a day, until you are ready to dip them.nMelt the remaining chocolate in the double boiler. Remove the double boiler from the heat and using a wire dipping spoon, or a regular teaspoon and your hands in latex gloves, dip each coconut covered truffle briefly into the melted chocolate. Place on a cake rack set over a cookie sheet until dry, and refrigerate until firm. You may scrape up any chocolate that has dripped on the cookie sheet and return it to the dipping pot for more dipping. The truffles will keep for several weeks if refrigerated in a covered container., ingredients: [2 pounds highquality semisweet chocolate, preferably Belgian or French, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 stick 8 tablespoons softened unsalted butter, cut into chunks, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 34 cup shredded coconut, toasted in an oven for 2 to 3 minutes], title: Chocolate Coconut Truffles, picturelink: null}, 7743: {instructions: Cook bacon until it is crisp. Set aside to cool. Grate or blend cabbage. Add cabbage to the same pan you fried the bacon in. Leave in the bacon fat. Fry cabbage until golden to dark brown, this takes some time. Be sure to stir occasionally. While the cabbage is frying cook the bowtie noodles. Once the cabbage is completely fried, crumble the bacon into the cabbage and add to the drained noodles. Put in a baking dish and bake at 350 degrees for about 15 to 20 minutes until hot all the way through.. While this is baking take 4 pork chops and dip them in egg and milk then bread the pork chops in seasoned bread crumbs. Fry the pork chops in pan just until all sides are seared. Then place the pork chops in a cast iron pan and place in oven. Bake in a 350 degree oven until done, approximately 20 minutes, based on the size and thickness of the pork chop. In the last 3 minutes sprinkle with Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [1 pound bacon, 1 small head of cabbage, 1 pound bowtie noodles, 4 pork chops, 2 eggs, 14 cup milk, Seasoned bread crumbs to coat, Vegetable oil], title: Caputosh Testa, picturelink: null}, 7744: {instructions: Step 1: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. In 10inch skillet, mix beef and ketchup. Heat over mediumhigh heat until hot, stirring occasionally. Stir in relish and 1 cup of the cheese. Spoon into ungreased 9 or 10inch glass pie plate.nStep 2: Separate dough into 8 triangles roll up 1 inch on shortest side of each dough triangle. Place dough on top of meat mixture in spoke pattern with points towards center. Sprinkle with remaining 12 cup cheese.nStep 3: Bake15 to 20 minutes or until cheese is melted., ingredients: [1 lb ground beef, cooked, drained, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup dill pickle relish, 1 12 cups shredded American cheese 6 oz, 1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls], title: Cheeseburger Crescent Casserole, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 7745: {instructions: Put frozen strawberries in a microwavesafe bowl, and microwave until thawed, about 25 seconds. Do not drain excess liquid. Set aside.nPour 1 12 tablespoons of chocolate syrup into the waffle bowl, tilting the bowl from side to side so the syrup coats as much of the inside as possible sides too. Freeze for 30 minutes, or until syrup has solidified.nTo the bowl of strawberries, add preserves and mash with a fork, until you have a chunky strawberry sauce.nRemove waffle bowl from the freezer and place in a dish. Scoop ice cream into the waffle bowl. Top with strawberry sauce and 12 tablespoon of chocolate syrup, and then finish it all off with raspberries and whipped topping. Enjoy, ingredients: [3 frozen unsweetened strawberries, 2 tablespoons light chocolate syrup, divided, 1 standardsized waffle cone bowl with about 50 calories, 12 tablespoon lowsugar strawberry preserves, 12 cup fatfree chocolate ice cream, 14 cup raspberries, 2 tablespoons fatfree whipped topping from an aerosol canister], title: ChocoBerry Waffle Sundae Surprise, picturelink: 8NYj9bcgpPcd1LzxbG9Xf.AtfdT0oJm}, 7746: {instructions: Chop the olives finely and put in a bowl with the lemon zest. Stir in enough olive oil to bind. Spoon onto the baguette croutes, and top with a generous sprinkling of the chopped green pistachios or toasted almonds., ingredients: [2 cups350 g black or green olives, pitted, Zest of 1 lemon, Olive oil, Baguette croutes, for serving, 12 cup70 g chopped pistachios or toasted almonds], title: Olive and Nut Tartines, picturelink: null}, 7747: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Cut the cauliflower into 12inch pieces and toss with 2 tablespoons of the oil, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Spread on a baking sheet and roast until golden, about 45 minutes.nCombine the broth and 1 cup water in a saucepan and bring to a bare simmer.nHeat the remaining 3 tablespoons oil in a medium, heavy pot over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the garlic, onions, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper, and cook until softened, about 8 minutes. Stir in the oats and wine, and boil until the liquid is reduced by half, about 2 minutes.nStir in the simmering broth 1 cup at a time, adding more after half of the liquid has evaporated. Continue stirring until the oats are tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Use all of the broth. Stir in the butter, cheese and parsley and season with salt and pepper.nServe immediately, topped with the roasted cauliflower and parsley., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and finely ground black pepper, 5 cups chicken broth, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 1 cup steelcut oats, 12 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Oat Risotto with Roasted Cauliflower, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 7748: {instructions: Place the mozzarella, tomatoes, chopped oregano, red pepper flakes, and olive oil in a bowl. Gently stir together just until combined. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon the mixture onto a platter, garnish with oregano sprigs, and serve., ingredients: [1 pound bocconcini small mozzarella balls, 1inch diameter, 2 cups assorted cherry tomatoes red, yellow, orange, pearshaped, grapesized, etc., 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, plus fresh oregano sprigs, as a garnish, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spiced Bocconcini and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 7749: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan, heat the coconut milk and sugar over mediumlow heat until the mixture reaches 120 degrees F. Add the gelee, and stir to incorporate. Remove from the heat and pour into a bowl. Refrigerate until completely chilled. Do not serve until soup is very cold. Ladle soup into bowls and float the Caramelized Lychees and Mango Tofu in the soup.nPeel and pit the lychees. Fill the hole where the pit was with Orange Marmalade and set aside.nMake a simple syrup by combining the sugar and water in a heavy small saucepan bring to a boil over high heat and cook just until all the sugar dissolves. Pour 13 of the syrup into a heavy large skillet and add the lychees to the skillet. Cook, over high heat, until the lychees are caramelized. Add the remaining syrup, stir carefully to combine, and remove from the heat. Just before serving, add 2 caramelized lychees to each bowl of soup.nCombine all ingredients in a large heavy saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat and until all the sugar has dissolved. Reduce the heat and simmer until thickened to the consistency of marmalade.nIn a heavy saucepan, heat about 13 of the mango puree until almost simmering. Dissolve the gelatin in the mango puree and stir to incorporate. Set aside.nWhip the cream in a bowl of a mixer until soft peaks form, slowly adding the sugar in small quantities. Then fold in the mango puree and gelatin mixture. Fold in the remaining mango puree.nPour the mixture into a cold sheet pan. Place the pan in the freezer until firm enough to cut. Then cut into 1 14 by 1 14inch pieces. Just before serving, float 1 or 2 pieces of Mango Tofu in the soup., ingredients: [1 quart coconut milk, 4 12 ounces sugar, 3 tablespoons gelee bavaroise, Caramelized Lychees, recipe follows, Mango Tofu, recipe follows, 24 to 32 lychee fruits, Orange Marmalade, recipe follows, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups water, 2 pounds oranges, peeled and seeded, 1 pound sugar, 7 ounces water, 13 cups mango puree, 4 ounces gelatin, 1 quart cream, 1 pound sugar], title: Coconut Soup with Caramelized Lychees and Mango Tofu, picturelink: null}, 7750: {instructions: Place the fruit in a large vat. Pour in the red wine, white wine, citrus rum and citrus vodka. Next, to add a subtle sweetness, dissolve the sugar in 1 cup water and add it to the mix. Stir well, then cover and refrigerate for several hours, giving the fruit and liquids time to meld. Serve in glasses over ice, and have tongs nearby so guests can help themselves to the fruit.nDesignated drivers are recommended, ingredients: [2 cups pineapple chunks, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and cut into cubes, 2 unpeeled lemons, thinly sliced, 2 unpeeled limes, thinly sliced, 1 cup green seedless grapes, 1 cup red seedless grapes, 1 small unpeeled orange, thinly sliced, 1.5 liter red wine, such as cabernet sauvignon, merlot or pinot noir, chilled, 1.5 liter dry white wine, such as chardonnay, sauvignon blanc or pinot grigio, chilled, 1 cup orange or citrus flavored rum, 1 cup orange or citrus flavored vodka, 1 cup sugar, Ice, for serving], title: Sangria, picturelink: pF2c2wmCb9ijc0AztaTRecSYAGGXWW}, 7751: {instructions: In the top of a double boiler set over simmering water combine the chocolate and the espresso. Heat the mixture, stirring, until just melted. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the butter, a little at a time, until smooth.nIn a bowl with an electric mixer beat the yolks with 23 cup of the sugar until the mixture ribbons. Beat in the coffeeflavored liqueur. Set the bowl over a pan of gently simmering water and beat for 34 minutes, or until mixture is foamy and very hot to the touch. Beat over cold water for 34 minutes until mixture is cool and forms a ribbon. Mixture should have consistency of mayonnaise. Whisk yolk mixture into chocolate mixture.nIn a bowl with an electric mixer beat the cream with the remaining sugar until it is firm but not dry. Stir onefourth of the whipped cream into the chocolate mixture and gently but thoroughly fold in the remaining whipped cream.nTransfer the mousse to a serving bowl, serve immediately or chill it, covered, briefly. Serve with Creme Anglaise or whipped cream. Drink: Coffee, ingredients: [9 ounces Couverture or bestquality bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons espresso or other strong coffee, 1 stick 12 cup softened unsalted butter, cut into bits, 4 large egg yolks, 23 cup plus 2 tablespoons fine granulated sugar or instant sugar, 4 tablespoons coffee flavored liqueur, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped, Creme Anglaise or lightly whipped sweetened cream as an accompaniment], title: Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: null}, 7752: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nArrange 2 cooling racks on baking sheets and arrange the bacon on 1 of them. Bacon may also be baked on a slotted broiler pan. Bake the bacon until crisp, about 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the bacon to paper towels to drain.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Salt the water and add the pasta. Undercook the pasta by 1 to 2 minutes, until just shy of al dente. Drain and set aside.nWhile the water comes to a boil, arrange the sliced tomatoes on the second baking rack. Sprinkle with chives, salt and pepper, to taste, and a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil. Roast them for about 20 minutes. Switch the oven to broil when you remove tomatoes.nProcess the bread in a food processor they become coarse bread crumbs. Transfer the bread crumbs to a small bowl.nMelt butter in sauce pot over medium heat. Pour 13 to 12 of the butter over the crumbs to moisten, then stir in the parsley. To the remaining butter in the sauce pot, add the garlic and stir for 1 minute, then add the hot sauce and mustard. Stir to combine, then sprinkle in the flour and cook for 1 minute more. Whisk in the lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce and ale. Cook for 30 seconds, then add the stock and bring to a bubble. When the sauce thickens, stir in 2 cups of the cheese in a figure 8 motion and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nAdd the pasta with to the sauce and toss to coat. Spoon it into crocks or a casserole dish. Top with the bread crumbs and remaining cheese, then put it on the middle rack of the oven. Broil until bubbly and deeply brown on top, about 2 to 3 minutes.nArrange a bed of cress leaves alongside portions of macaroni and cheese or individual crocks. Top the watercress with a thick slice of roasted tomato and crisscrossed bacon strips. Cover with a second slab of tomato and serve., ingredients: [8 slices good quality bacon, Salt, 1 pound shortcut wholewheat or wholegrain pasta, 8 thick slices beefsteak tomato, 3 tablespoons finely chopped scallions or chives, Freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 4 slices good quality white bread, crusts trimmed, 1 stick butter, A handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 12 tablespoons dry mustard recommended: Colmans, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 generous tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup ale, 1 cup beef or chicken stock, 2 12 cups shredded extrasharp yellow Cheddar, 2 bundles or about 4 cups loosely packed upland cress or watercress, trimmed and stemmed and washed], title: BLT with Welsh Rarebit Macaroni, picturelink: null}, 7753: {instructions: Combine the ice cream, milk and chocolate syrup in a blender and blend until smooth, 10 to 15 seconds. Serve immediately, topped with a dollop of whipped cream, if using, and a pinch of chile powder, if desired., ingredients: [1 pound 6 ounces premium Mexican chocolate ice cream about 3 12 cups packed, or regular chocolate ice cream with a pinch each ground cinnamon and ground chiles, 23 cup whole milk, 3 tablespoons chocolate syrup, Heavy cream, whipped, optional, Ancho chile powder, for garnish, optional], title: Mexican Chocolate Milkshake, picturelink: null}, 7754: {instructions: Remove skin and bones of fish and cut fish into small pieces. Wash and dry fish and place in a nonmetallic container. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper, cover with onions, chiles, lime and lemon juice and mix well. Cover and marinate 3 to 4 hours in the refrigerator, stirring every hour.nMeanwhile, bring a pot of salted water to a boil, add corn and cook for 4 minutes. Drain the corn and slice each ear into 4 pieces. Wash and peel the sweet potatoes and cut into quarters. Set in a saucepan with lightly salted water to cover. Bring to a boil, cover loosely and boil 10 to 15 minutes or until potatoes are tender when pierced with a knife. Drain, cool and slice potatoes.nTo serve, line a large platter with lettuce leaves. Place fish and onions in the center and surround with quartered ears of corn and sweet potato slices. Drizzle with extra virgin olive oil., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 pounds whitefish Corbina is used in Peru, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 red onions, finely sliced, 1 to 2 Serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded and finely chopped, Juice of 6 lemons, Juice of 3 limes, 4 ears of corn, 1 pound sweet potatoes, Lettuce leaves for serving, Extra virgin olive oil], title: Cebiche Corbina, picturelink: null}, 7755: {instructions: In a large straight sided frying pan melt butter over mediumhigh heat. Add shallots and saute until soft, about 2 minutes.nAdd Champagne, parsley and lemon juice to pan. Bring to a boil then reduce heat to a simmer.nSlide chicken into Champagne mixture and poach 15 minutes, turning once. Use an instantread thermometer to be sure the internal temperature is 165 degrees F. Remove chicken with a slotted spoon to a plate set aside.nLadle 12 cup of poaching liquid into a small pot over medium heat. Add cream and bring to just under a boil. Reduce heat and simmer. Whisk in white sauce mix. Simmer 1 minute, stirring constantly.nTo serve chicken, spoon sauce over top and garnish with parsley and grape salad.nCombine all ingredients in medium bowl mix well. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper Use as garnish for poached chicken., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 1 750ml bottle Champagne, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, plus more for garnish, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 12 pounds chicken breasts, boneless, skinless, rinsed and patted dry, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon white sauce mix recommended: Knorr, Grape Salad, recipe follows, 1 cup coarsely chopped red seedless grapes, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 scallions, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Champagne Poached Chicken with Grape Salad, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 7756: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the flour, salt, and sugar in a mixing bowl. Add the lemon zest and vanilla. Cut in the butter and mix until the butter is in peasized pieces. Add the eggs and water and mix until combined. Divide the dough into 18 pieces and roll each into a circle. Press the dough into tart pans.nFilling: Melt the butter, brown sugar and milk in saucepan and stir until the sugar starts to dissolve. Take the pan off the heat and whisk in the egg and raisins.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the tart crusts for 12 minutes. Divide the filling among the tarts and bake until bubbly, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [13 cup butter, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 egg, 12 cup raisins, 1 vanilla bean], title: Caramelized Butter Tarts, picturelink: EgGhDatmDPfvL9FEOoKsj2cCdHjOSKu}, 7757: {instructions: For the vinaigrette: Combine the onions, vinegar, mustard and a few tablespoons of cold water in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil and continue to blend until emulsified. Add the honey and some salt and pepper and pulse a few more times to combine.nFor the hash browns: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil and 1 tablespoon of the butter in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and a pinch of sugar and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are golden brown and caramelized, about 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nWhile the onions are caramelizing, put potatoes in a medium pot of cold, salted water. Bring the water to a boil and cook until nearly tender but a knife inserted into the centers still meets a little resistance, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain through a colander and then drain on paper towels.nHeat the remaining butter and oil on a castiron griddle or in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes and cook, pressing firmly with a spatula, until the underside is golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the caramelized onions and a drizzle of the green onion vinaigrette and toss to coat. Transfer the hash to a platter and drizzle with the remaining green onion vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 cup sliced green onions, green part only, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium Spanish onion, halved and thinly sliced, Pinch sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 large sweet potatoes, cut into 1inch dice, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves], title: Sweet Potato Hash Browns with Green Onion Vinaigrette, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 7758: {instructions: Place the chestnuts and 12 cup water in a small heatproof bowl. Microwave until the water is hot and the chestnuts have softened, about 3 minutes. Drain the chestnuts reserving the liquid and place in the bowl of a food processor. Blend with 1 tablespoon of the reserved liquid until finely ground. Add the 1 12 cups of the Parmesan, the ricotta and a large pinch of salt and pepper. Blend until completely smooth. Taste for seasoning and adjust with additional salt and pepper if needed. Add 1 egg and blend until well combined. Transfer to a mixing bowl and reserve.nBring a large stockpot of salted water to a boil it should taste like sea water.nWhile the water is coming to a boil, form the raviolis. Whisk the remaining egg in a small bowl with 12 teaspoon water. Place 5 wonton skins on a lightly floured work surface. Brush the wonton skins with the egg wash. Place a leveled tablespoon of the chestnut filling in the center of each wonton skin. Place 5 more wonton skins directly on top. Use your fingers to gently press the skins together. Use a 2 12inch round cookie or biscuit cutter lightly dipped in flour to cut around the filling. Transfer the filled raviolis to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper and cover with a slightly damp paper towel. Make 15 additional raviolis with the remaining wonton skins and filling.nOnce all of the raviolis are made, make the brown butter sauce. Place the butter, garlic and thyme in a large, straightsided saute pan. Heat over medium heat until the butter starts to bubble and foam, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Continue cooking until the foam subsides and brown specks start to appear, 1 to 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Turn off the heat and cover with a lid to keep warm while you cook the raviolis.nIn batches, add the raviolis one at a time to the boiling water, stirring after every addition. Cook until the raviolis float to the top, about 2 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove from the water and add to the browned butter it is okay if some pasta water gets in the sauce. Toss the raviolis in the sauce. Continue with the remaining raviolis.nTo serve, remove the thyme sprigs and garlic from the sauce, reserving the thyme. Divide the raviolis and sauce among 4 plates. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese and crispy thyme leaves. If desired, lightly drizzle with balsamic vinegar. Use a peeler to thinly shave whole chestnuts over the entire dish., ingredients: [1 cup canned chestnuts about 5 ounces, plus a few for garnish, 2 ounces Parmesan, finely grated about 2 cups, 12 cup ricotta, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, 40 wonton wrappers, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 stick unsalted butter, 4 cloves garlic, lightly smashed, 2 large fresh thyme sprigs, Balsamic vinegar, for drizzling, optional], title: Chestnut Ravioli with Browned Butter and Thyme, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 7759: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine 2 tablespoons of olive oil and the juice and zest of 1 lemon. Place the scrod fillets in the bowl and allow the fish to marinate for approximately 20 minutes. In a medium sized saute pan, sear the scrod fillets over medium heat until both sides are evenly brown. Remove the fillets from the pan and set aside.nServe with Romano Mashed Potatoes, Fresh Vegetables with Crispy Bread Crumbs, and Sauteed Asparagus.nIn a large pot, combine the potatoes and just enough water to cover them. Boil the potatoes over mediumhigh heat until the water comes to a rolling boil. Continue boiling the potatoes until they are fork tender. Drain the water from the pot and add milk to desired creaminess, cheese, parsley and salt and pepper to the potatoes. Mash the ingredients all together with a hand masher until they are all thoroughly combined. Serve with the fish and vegetables.nIn a medium sized saute pan, sear the asparagus spears with olive oil and lemon juice. Cook the asparagus until it is tender. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a mediumsized pan, cook the bacon strips until they are crispy. Remove the slices from the pan and crumble the pieces. Reserve the pan of bacon grease and add in the diced red pepper, green pepper, onion, parsley, and garlic. Saute the vegetables in the bacon grease with hot pepper sauce until they are tender. Add the bread crumbs to the pan and thoroughly combine all of the ingredients., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 lemon, zested, juiced, 1 pound fresh scrod, fillets, Romano Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, Fresh Vegetables with Crispy Bread Crumbs, recipe follows, Sauteed Asparagus, recipe follows, 3 large red potatoes, chopped into large chunks, Milk, Romano cheese, to taste, Salt and pepper, Chopped parsley leaves, to taste, 1 pound asparagus, 1 lemon, juiced, Olive oil, for sauteing, Salt and pepper, 1 pound bacon, 1 red pepper, diced, 1 green pepper, diced, 1 onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, diced, Chopped parsley leaves, to taste, Hot pepper sauce, to taste recommended: Tabasco, 13 cup bread crumbs], title: Panseared Scrod with Romano Mashed Potatoes and Asparagus and Fresh Vegetables with a Crispy Bread Crumb Topping, picturelink: null}, 7760: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the crab in the freezer for 2 hours or until it stops moving. Remove the legs and crack them with a rolling pin. Remove the top of the shell and clean out the insides with your fingers. Chop the crab and top shells in half.nHeat a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the coriander seeds, cumin seeds and peppercorns and stir constantly until the seeds become toasted and fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Cool completely.nTo make the paste, grind the coriander seeds, cumin seeds and peppercorns with a pinch of salt using a mortar and pestle or a spice grinder. Transfer the spice mixture to a food processor and add the vinegar, coconut, ginger, garlic, chile and onions and blend to form a paste.nHeat the oil in a heavy, large, wide pot over low heat. Add the paste and saute until fragrant and some of the juices evaporate, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the tomato, curry leaves, turmeric, chili powder and a pinch of salt and cook until the tomato pieces are tender and melting into the sauce, 5 minutes. Add the crab and 4 12 ounces water, increase the heat to medium and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer or until the crab pieces are cooked through, 10 minutes. Mix in the coconut milk and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes to allow the flavors to blend.nDivide the crab pieces and sauce among shallow wide soup plates and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 14 pounds live crab, 14 cup coriander seeds, 1 12 tablespoons cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, Sea salt, 5 12 ounces white wine vinegar, 2 ounces desiccated coconut, 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger, 5 garlic cloves, 1 large green chile, chopped, 1 white onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 medium ripe tomato, diced, 10 fresh curry leaves, 12 ounce fresh turmeric, peeled and finely grated, 1 tablespoon chile powder, 9 ounces unsweetened coconut milk], title: Curried Crab with Coconut and Chili, picturelink: jJtiUyojeYk4RdxYRY6s4nTjyBsPbS}, 7761: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup muffin tins with paper baking cups and spray the papers with nonstick cooking spray.nnMix together the flour, brown sugar, salt and allspice in a large bowl. Cut in the butter until the mixture is crumbly. Set aside 12 cup for the topping. Stir the water, molasses, oil, baking soda and vanilla into the remaining flour mixture.nnFill the paperlined muffin cups twothirds of the way full with the batter. Sprinkle with the reserved crumb mixture. Bake until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes before removing from the pans and transferring to wire racks to cool., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cups packed light brown muscovado sugar, 18 teaspoon fine sea salt, Pinch ground allspice, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup boiling water, 12 cup molasses, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: ShooFly Muffins, picturelink: usKhfidByi1EKt5b.2ekxGz6Jbtufe}, 7762: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine cream, milk, eggs and sugar and cook stirring over medium heat until mixture thickens slightly and coats the back of a spoon aprox. 10 minutes.nIn blender puree sweet potatoes including the sauce in package, ginger, nutmeg, vanilla and rum together until well blended and smooth. Stir into cream mixture and cool. Freeze in electric ice cream maker. Place a couple of scoops in a dish top with nut mixture and garnish with a few gingersnap cookies.nTopping: 1 small jar nut topping for ice cream or finely chopped pecansnGarnish: Thin Ginger Snap Cookies, ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup coconut milk not cream of coconut, 2 eggs, beaten, 12 cup sugar, 1 10oz. box Candied Sweet Potatoes, cooked and cooled, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoon dark rum or 1 teaspoon rum extract], title: Island Sweet Potato Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 7763: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375F.nBring the water to a boil in an ovenproof 4quart saucepan. Stir in the rice and cover. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the rice is nearly cooked, about 20 minutes.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the milk, pumpkin, honey, vanilla, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and salt.nWhile the rice is still hot, add the pumpkin mixture to the saucepan and stir well to combine. Cover and transfer to the oven. Bake until the liquid has reduced by about a third and the mixture is foamy and bubbling, 45 to 50 minutes. Remove from the oven and stir well to combine all the ingredients. Transfer to a large bowl, then cover and chill in the refrigerator for at least 8 hours or overnight. The pudding will keep for up to 4 days in an airtight container in the refrigerator. Serve with a dollop of whipped cream and a sprinkling of cinnamon., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 cup arborio rice, 3 cups reducedfat 2 milk, 1 cup solidpack pure pumpkin not pumpkin pie filling, 34 cup honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for garnish, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup heavy whipping cream, whipped], title: Pumpkin Rice Pudding, picturelink: l1.ojKb3TC3GO0Dbgi6fbJsa.rErjO}, 7764: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace one scoop of ice cream in a glass dish and drown the ice cream in espresso. Add a generous splash of Frangelico and scatter shavings of dark chocolate over the top. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of the hazelnuts over the chocolate and garnish with a Biscotti. Serve immediately.nPlace a thick slice of cake on a dessert plate and drizzle generously with Amaretto. Place a scoop of ice cream on top of the cake and sprinkle the almonds over the ice cream. Serve immediately.nPour the Vin Santo in a glass placed in the middle of a large serving plate. Arrange the Biscotti, Clementines and caramels decoratively around the glass., ingredients: [Vanilla ice cream, Freshly brewed hot espresso, Frangelico, hazelnut liqueur, Shavings of dark chocolate, Toasted hazelnuts, chopped, Biscotti, Pound cake, storebought or homemade, Amaretto, almondflavored liqueur, Swiss Chocolate ice cream, Toasted sliced almonds, Vin Santo, sweet Italian dessert wine, chilled, for dipping, Biscotti, Clementines, Chocolate covered salted caramels], title: Three Italian Desserts, picturelink: hjXBLAMAfG0SB8Cu0EUGzRm4GYNODym}, 7765: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a large pot with enough oil to reach 2 inches up the sides of the pot. Heat oil to 360 degrees F.nThinly slice okra crosswise. There should be about 6 to 8 slices from each. In batches fry okra in the hot oil until edges turn golden brown and crisp, about 2 minutes. Transfer to paper towellined plate and sprinkle with salt. Place okra on a serving platter. Fry sage leaves in a single batch until crisp and nearly translucent, about 1 minute. Transfer to a paper towellined plate and sprinkle with salt. When cool enough to handle, crumble sage leaves over okra and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 1 pound okra, Salt, 10 fresh sage leaves], title: Fried Okra, picturelink: 44P7MFwcouD8ojdK5G2MyM99FM2yycW}, 7766: {instructions: Special equipment: parchment papernPosition 2 racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Cut four 16inch long sheets of parchment paper. Fold each sheet in half and open like a book. Divide the pieces of parchment between 2 baking sheets 2 pieces per sheet.nPlace the noodles in a large bowl and cover completely with warm water. Let sit for 5 minutes to soften, then drain well. Dry the bowl and put the noodles back in, along with the spinach and carrot: reserve.nWhisk the coconut milk, curry paste, fish sauce, garlic, lime zest and juice, and brown sugar together in a medium bowl. Add 14 cup of the coconut marinade to the noodles, season with 18 teaspoon salt and toss to coat. Add the shrimp to the remaining marinade and toss to coat.nDivide the noodles and vegetables between the 4 sheets of parchment, placing on one side of the fold. Drizzle each serving with 2 tablespoons water. Top with shrimp and drizzle with remaining marinade. Cut each lemongrass stalk into 4 pieces and smash with mallet or other heavy item. Place 2 in each pack.nFold over the top half of the parchment, crimping and overlapping small folds along the open edge to seal tightly. Bake until the parchment puffs, about 12 minutes the shrimp will be cooked through.nTransfer each pack to a plate. Avoiding the hot steam, carefully cut open each pack and discard the lemongrass stalks. Serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [4 ounces rice vermicelli noodles, 4 cups baby spinach, 2 medium carrots, peeled and grated on large holes of box grater about 1 cup, 12 cup Thaistyle canned coconut milk, 1 12 teaspoons Thai red curry paste, 1 teaspoon fish sauce, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, Freshly grated zest of 1 lime and 1 teaspoon lime juice, plus wedges for serving, 34 teaspoon light brown sugar, Kosher salt, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 stalks lemongrass], title: Lemongrass Coconut Shrimp and Noodles Parchment Pack, picturelink: S12y7S7IlH0yVylILWgxQPEejoHhBHq}, 7767: {instructions: Preheat the oven as directed on the ham package and follow the instructions for baking the ham. Remove the ham from the oven about 30 minutes before the end of the warming time.nMeanwhile, combine the jam, mustard, and orange zest and juice in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring, just until the jam melts do not boil. Spoon half of the glaze over the ham and bake for the remaining 30 minutes.nRemove the ham from the oven and spoon the remaining glaze on top. Transfer to a cutting board and carve.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 spiralsliced half ham, 1 cup fig jam, 2 tablespoons dijon mustard, Grated zest of 1 orange, 13 cup fresh orange juice], title: The Deen Brothers FigandOrangeGlazed Ham, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 7768: {instructions: Bring sugar and water to a boil in a small saucepan over moderate heat. Add ginger and reduce heat to simmer. Stir until sugar dissolves and ginger infuses syrup, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and take out ginger. Cool and pour over chunks of pineapple, sliced kiwi, sliced bananas, or any of your favorite fruit combinations., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 2 inches fresh ginger root, peeled, 4 to 6 cups fresh fruit chunks], title: Ginger Simple Syrup for Fresh Fruits, picturelink: KvUJeVxwoYXF4GTFfPjNJ4yS4VCt7n2}, 7769: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees.nPlace the whole peppers on a sheet pan and place in the oven for 30 to 40 minutes, until the skins are completely wrinkled and the peppers are charred, turning them twice during roasting. Remove the pan from the oven and immediately cover it tightly with aluminum foil. Set aside for 30 minutes, or until the peppers are cool enough to handle.nRemove the stem from each pepper and cut them in quarters. Remove the peels and seeds and place the peppers in a bowl along with any juices that have collected. Discard the stems, peels, and seeds. Pour the oil over the peppers. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [4 large red or yellow bell peppers, preferably Holland, 2 tablespoons good olive oil], title: Roasted Red Peppers, picturelink: hjXBLAMAfG0SB8Cu0EUGzRm4GYNODym}, 7770: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together the peanut butter, sesame oil, vinegar, chile, sugar, Dijon, coriander and soy until smooth. Whisk in the canola oil and check for seasoning. In a large bowl, toss dressing with the pasta, cucumbers, bell pepper and scallions. Check for seasoning.nPLATING: Serve in large serving bowl. Garnish with peanuts.nBEVERAGE: Sparkling water with fresh lime and lemon., ingredients: [23 cup creamy peanut butter, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 13 cup rice or red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon red chile flakes, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon coarse ground coriander, 2 tablespoons naturally brewed soy sauce, 12 cup canola oil, 1 pound spaghetti, cooked and refreshed, 1 English cucumber, halved and 18inch slices, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 1 bunch scallions, sliced, 12 cup chopped roasted salted peanuts for garnish], title: Spicy Vegetarian Peanut Noodle Salad, picturelink: null}, 7771: {instructions: Combine the peppers, celery, zucchini and corn.nMash the garlic with the mayonnaise, and season to taste with lemon juice, mustard, salt and freshly ground black pepper.nCombine vegetables with dressing., ingredients: [2 cups roasted red peppers cut into 1inch pieces, 2 cups finely diced celery, 2 cups zucchini, cut into 12inch cubes, parboiled for 1 minute, 2 cups freshly cooked or thawed frozen corn kernels, 2 cloves parboiled garlic, minced, 12 cup mayonnaise, low fat or not, Lemon juice to taste, Dijon mustard to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Roasted Red Pepper Salad, picturelink: null}, 7772: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSplit each pita into 2 rounds and toast on a baking sheet in the middle of the oven until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Allow pitas to cool and break into bitesized pieces. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, zest, salt and pepper. Add the oil and whisk to incorporate.nToss the lettuce, parsley, scallions, mint, cucumber, and tomatoes together in a large bowl.nRight before serving, add the pita and dressing to the salad. Toss well to coat., ingredients: [3 6inch wholewheat pita breads with pockets, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large head romaine lettuce, torn into bitesized pieces about 6 cups, 1 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 cup sliced scallions, 12 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 English cucumber, cored, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved], title: Herbed Toasted Pita Salad, picturelink: oYdHD79E71DIF7xIFljrljgQab5qgZm}, 7773: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the grouper and shrimp in a large bowl. Toss with the lime and orange juice and let stand for 30 minutes. Strain the grouper and shrimp and place in a separate bowl.nAdd the ColdSmoked Grape Tomatoes, cilantro, onions, chiles, mango, salt and pepper and toss gently to combine. Drizzle with the olive oil and toss.nPlace the ceviche on a serving platter or on individual plates. Drizzle with a bit more olive oil. Garnish with Pickled Red Onions, lime zest and plantain chips.nPut a handful of hot coals in the bottom of a smoker. Scatter the hickory chips over the top. Put a try of ice on the bottom grate. Put the cooking grate above the ice tray. When the temperature of the smoker reaches 100 degrees F, toss the tomatoes with the canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the tomatoes on the top grate. Close the smoker and smoke the tomatoes for 10 to 20 minutes, depending on how smoky you want them.nBring the vinegar, sugar, mustard seeds and 1 tablespoon salt to a boil in a small saucepan and cook until the sugar and salt dissolves, about 1 minute. Transfer to a small bowl and let cool for 10 minutes. Add the onions and stir to combine. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours., ingredients: [1 pound fresh grouper or pink snapper, skinned and cut in half lengthwise, then cut into small dice, 12 large cooked shrimp, shelled, deveined and halved, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, plus leaves for garnish, 1 or 2 serrano chiles, finely diced depending on how spicy you like, 1 small ripe mango, peeled, halved, pitted and finely diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for serving, 14 cup Pickled Red Onions, recipe follows, for garnish, Lime zest, for garnish, Crisp plantain chips, for garnish, 1 pint grape tomatoes, 1 tablespoon canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, for seasoning, 1 12 cups red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, Kosher salt, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced], title: Ceviche Shrimp and Grouper with Serrano Chiles, Mango, Smoked Tomatoes, Crispy Plantain Chips, picturelink: l7SCZQ4Gl8EZczpx0rI.VhcgH5VNKwW}, 7774: {instructions: By Hand: Stir the yeast into the water in a large mixing bowl let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes. Stir in the milk and oil. Combine the rosemary, salt, and flour and stir into the yeast mixture in 3 or 4 additions. Stir until the dough comes together. Knead on a floured surface until velvety, elastic, and smooth, 8 to 10 minutes. It should be somewhat moist and blistered.nBy Mixer: This recipe is slightly large for the mixer, so that youll have to stop and push the dough down frequently while the mixer is kneading it. Stir the yeast into the water in a mixer bowl let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes. Stir in the milk and oil with the paddle. Combine the rosemary, salt, and flour and add to the yeast mixture. Mix until the flour is absorbed, 1 to 2 minutes. Change to the dough hook and knead on medium speed until velvety, elastic, smooth, and somewhat moist, about 3 minutes. Finish kneading briefly by hand on a lightly floured surface.nFirst Rise: Place the dough in an oiled bowl, cover tightly with plastic wrap, and let rise until doubled, about 1 12 hours.nShaping and Second Rise: Gently punch the dough down on a lightly floured surface, but dont knead it. Cut the dough in half and shape each half into a round ball. Place the loaves on a lightly floured peel or lightly oiled baking sheet, cover with a towel, and let rise 45 to 55 minutes but not until truly doubled.nHeat oven to 450 degrees F. If you are using a baking stone, turn the oven on 30 minutes before baking and sprinkle the stone with cornmeal just before sliding the loaves onto it. Just before you put the loaves in the oven, slash the top of each loaf in an asterisk with a razor blade and sprinkle half the sea salt into the cuts of each loaf. Bake 10 minutes, spraying 3 times with water. Reduce the heat to 400 degrees F and bake 30 to 35 minutes longer. Cool completely on racks., ingredients: [2 packages active dry yeast, 1 cup warm water, 1 cup milk, room temperature, 14 cup olive oil, 4 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary or 2 tablespoons dried rosemary, 1 tablespoon salt, 6 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Rosemary Bread, picturelink: null}, 7775: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine the beef, sliced onion, whole garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, and enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer, covered partially, until the beef is tender, about 1 12 to 2 hours. Let the beef cool in the broth and drain it, reserving 13 cup of the broth. Using 2 forks, shred the beef and set aside.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over moderately low heat. Cook the minced onion and garlic, stirring occasionally, until softened. Add the beef, tomato sauce, chile, cumin, reserved broth, and salt and pepper, and simmer, stirring, until thickened, about 3 to 5 minutes. Let the beef filling cool.nWorking with 1 warmed tortilla at a time, and keeping the others covered with a kitchen towel, spread about 2 rounded tablespoons of the filling down the center of each tortilla, roll up the tortillas, enclosing the filling, and secure the ends closed with wooden picks. Keep the rolled tortillas covered with plastic wrap. The flautas may be prepared up to this point 2 hours in advance and kept covered tightly with plastic wrap and chilled.nPour enough oil into a straightsided skillet to reach about 12inch up the sides. Heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking. Fry the flautas in batches, turning them, until crisp, about 2 minutes. Transfer them with tongs to a paper towellined plate to drain. Spread the lettuce on a platter or divide it among 6 plates, arrange the flautas on it, and top them with guacamole, sour cream, and salsa.nCooks Note: To warm tortillas in the oven: Stack 6 tortillas at a time, wrap each stack in foil, and heat the tortillas in the middle of a preheated 325 degrees F. oven for 5 minutes. If the tortillas are very dry to begin with, pat each tortilla between dampened hands before stacking them. Alternatively, to warm them in a microwave oven: Stack 6 tortillas at a time, wrap each stack in a microwavesafe plastic bag, and heat in a microwave oven at high power for 30 seconds to 1 minute, or until they are heated through and pliable., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless beef chuck, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 onions, 1 sliced and 1 minced, 3 garlic cloves, 1 left whole and 2 minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup prepared tomato sauce, 1 fresh or pickled jalapeno chile, or to taste, seeded and chopped wear rubber gloves, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 7inch corn tortillas, warmed see cooks note, Vegetable oil, for frying flautas, 3 cups shredded romaine or iceberg lettuce], title: ChileCumin Shredded Beef Flautas, picturelink: null}, 7776: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll the pie crust out into a 12inch circle. Place the crust on a large baking sheet. Top the crust with apple slices and cranberries. Drizzle lemon juice over top. Sprinkle sugar over top. Pull up the sides of the crust slightly and roll over, covering the filling by about 1 inch.nBake 20 minutes, or until the crust is golden brown and the apples are tender., ingredients: [1 9inch refrigerated pie crust, 2 apples, peeled, cored and sliced, 13 cup dried cranberries, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: AppleCranberry Galette, picturelink: zvz6PalsQtSSQBTQs2JD7xOCaodR6ca}, 7777: {instructions: In a small pot combine the olive oil and annatto seeds. Heat over mediumlow heat for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature. Strain the seeds from oil and discard the seeds. Reserve 12 cup of the oil for the Roasted Pork with Citrus Mojo Marinade recipe and 14 cup for the Arroz Con Pollo Bites.nSeason the chicken with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat 2 tablespoons of the annatto oil in a large highsided skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brown the chicken on all sides and transfer to plate. To the same skillet add the remaining 2 tablespoons annatto oil, the onion, pepper, and garlic and saute for 3 minutes. Add the rice and cook for another 2 minutes. Stir in the chicken stock, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and add the cooked chicken. Cover, turn the heat to low and cook until all the liquid has been absorbed and the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.nHeat the canola oil in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Slice the top and bottom inch off of each plantain. Slice through the skin from the top down to the bottom on each side of each plantain. Peel the skin off in strips and slice the plantain into 1inch thick slices. Fry the plantain slices 3 minutes on each side. Remove and drain on a paper towel lined sheet tray. Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Smash the plantains with the backside of a large metal spoon or with a small skillet. Put the plantains back in the hot oil and fry until golden brown, about 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Remove to a plate lined with a paper towel to drain and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCombine the olives with the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a mini food processor and pulse until coarsely ground. Set aside.nTo assemble put a teaspoon of the olive tapenade onto a fried plantain. Top with a tablespoon of rice. Put a piece of chicken on top and a little more of the olive tapenade, for garnish. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Arrange the bites on a serving platter, sprinkle with freshly chopped cilantro and serve., ingredients: [34 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons annatto seeds, 2 mediumsized chicken breasts, cut into small chunks, 1 small yellow onion, finely diced, 1 small red pepper, seeded, cored and finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup shortgrain Spanish rice, 1 14 cups chicken stock or broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup canola oil, 2 green unripe plantains, 12 cup mixed pitted olives, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Arroz Con Pollo Bites, picturelink: null}, 7778: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a saute pan with olive oil and place over medium heat. When the oil gets hazy, add the onions, garlic, and bay leaves cook and stir for 5 minutes until fragrant and soft. Add the olives and some handtorn basil. Carefully add the tomatoes nothing splashes like tomatoes, cook and stir until the liquid is cooked down and the sauce is thick, about 15 minutes season with sugar, salt and pepper. Lower the heat, cover, and keep warm.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nGet the ingredients together for the chicken so you have a little assembly line. Put the chicken breasts side by side on a cutting board and lay a piece of plastic wrap over them. Pound the chicken breasts with a flat meat mallet, until they are about 12inch thick. Put the flour in a shallow platter and season with a fair amount of salt and pepper mix with a fork to distribute evenly. In a wide bowl, combine the eggs and water, beat until frothy. Put the bread crumbs on a plate, season with salt and pepper.nHeat 3 tablespoons of olive oil over mediumhigh flame in a large ovenproof skillet. Lightly dredge both sides of the chicken cutlets in the seasoned flour, and then dip them in the egg wash to coat completely, letting the excess drip off, then dredge in the bread crumbs. When the oil is nice and hot, add the cutlets and fry for 4 minutes on each side until golden and crusty, turning once.nLadle the tomatoolive sauce over the chicken and sprinkle with mozzarella, Parmesan, and basil. Bake the Chicken Parmesan for 15 minutes or until the cheese is bubbly. Serve hot with spaghetti., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 bay leaves, 12 cup kalamata olives, pitted, 12 bunch fresh basil leaves, 2 28ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, drained and handcrushed, Pinch sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 skinless, boneless, chicken breasts about 112 pounds, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon water, 1 cup dried bread crumbs, 1 8ounce ball fresh buffalo mozzarella, water drained, Freshly grated Parmesan, 1 pound spaghetti pasta, cooked al dente], title: Chicken Parmesan, picturelink: GYXeeYOblLM08I5PYW2W8DAskWa7mXi}, 7779: {instructions: For the strawberry base: Put the strawberries in a bowl, add the sugar and gently stir to combine. Let the berries sit at room temperature for 30 minutes, until they start to soften and release their juices.nTransfer the mixture to a medium nonreactive saucepan, add the jam and cook over mediumhigh heat until slightly softened. Coarsely mash the berries using a potato masher or the back of a fork and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the mixture thickens to a jamlike consistency, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the lemon juice. Transfer to a bowl, cover and refrigerate until cold and thickened further, at least 2 hours.nFor the milkshake: Combine the milk and 12 cup strawberry base in the blender and blend for 5 seconds. Add the ice cream and blend until smooth, about 10 seconds. Top with more strawberry base, the Sugar Biscuit and a strawberry for garnish, if using.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCombine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Using a dough cutter, combine until the ingredients are incorporated. Scatter the cold butter pieces over the top of the flour mixture and continue to combine until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the buttermilk and mix just until the dough begins to come together.nScrape the dough onto a lightly floured counter. Pat the dough into a 10 by 12inch rectangle about 34inch thick. Use a 3inch round cutter to cut out the biscuits. Press together the scraps of dough and repeat the process. Place the biscuits on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper brush the tops with cream and sprinkle with sugar. Bake the biscuits until lightly golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and brush the tops with the remaining melted butter. Yield: 8 biscuits., ingredients: [1 pound fresh strawberries, 3 tablespoons to 14 cup granulated sugar depending on sweetness of berries, 3 tablespoons strawberry jam, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 14 cup whole milk, 10 ounces premium vanilla ice cream, Fresh whole strawberry, for garnish, optional, 12 Sugar Biscuit, crumbled, for topping, recipe follows, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus 4 tablespoons, melted, 34 cup cold buttermilk, Heavy cream, for brushing, Granulated sugar, for sprinkling], title: Strawberry Milkshake with Sugar Biscuit Topping, picturelink: Q8l.cG3huv50tN1akDcTxPpjTcdjzG}, 7780: {instructions: Fill a 24 quart kettle 34 full of water. Place over open fire or on stove and bring to boil. Add potatoes and 1 pound of salt. When boil resumes, time for 8 minutes. Then add onions wait until boil resumes then time for 2 minutes. Add whitefish and remaining salt. After 14 additional minutes of boiling dinner is ready. Broth may be ladled off prior to serving. Or use a slotted spoon to retrieve food from kettle.nFish is placed on plate along with 2 potatoes and 3 onions, melted butter is then ladled over and garnished with lemon wedge., ingredients: [10 chunks or steaked pieces Lake Michigan Whitefish 10 to 12 ounces each, 2 pounds salt, 20 new waxy red potatoes, 30 small onions approximately 1 12inch diameter, 12 pound butter, melted, 10 lemon wedges], title: Fish Boil, picturelink: null}, 7781: {instructions: In a shallow dish combine the olive and vegetable oils, mustard, vinegar, parsley and garlic. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Slice the chicken breasts in half, horizontally so you are left with pieces, about 38 inch thick. Marinate the chicken in the mustard mixture in the shallow dish, for as long as possiblenDip the chicken in almonds and saute in butter for about 5 minutes a side or until just cooked through., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon each Dijon mustard and white wine vinegar, 2 to 3 tablespoons minced parsley, 1 small clove garlic, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound skinless boneless, chicken breasts or chicken tenders, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup finely ground almonds], title: Tasty Chicken Nuggets for Adults, picturelink: null}, 7782: {instructions: Grate potatoes and onions on a largehole grater. Splash with lemon juice and squeeze out excess water.nMix flour, milk, egg, baking powder, and nutmeg. Add to the potatoes and then add the melted butter.nHeat some peanut oil in a skillet and fry until golden on one side. Flip, and cook the same way on the other.nServe with watercress, caviar, applesauce, and creme fraiche.nFor Passover, omit the baking powder and replace the flour with matzo ground into flour, which will make a slightly denser latke. Fry it slowly., ingredients: [8 medium potatoes, peeled, 1 medium onion, Lemon juice, 1 cup flour, 1 cup milk, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 18 cup melted butter, Freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and pepper to taste, Watercress, to garnish, Caviar, to garnish, Applesauce, for garnish, Creme fraiche, for garnish], title: Potato Latkes, picturelink: null}, 7783: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel and cube the sweet potatoes and put them in a large pot. Cover with water, bring to a boil and boil until tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and set aside to cool.nWhile the potatoes are cooling, in a medium bowl, mix the mayonnaise, yogurt, scallions, red pepper, chives, orange zest, apple cider vinegar and hot sauce. Add the cooled potatoes to the mixture, and toss until the potatoes are fully coated. Add salt and pepper to taste. Best served chilled., ingredients: [4 large sweet potatoes, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup plain Greek yogurt, 12 cup diced scallions about 6, 1 red pepper, finely diced, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 2 teaspoons orange zest, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, Salt and pepper], title: Sweet Potato Salad, picturelink: oDBax51IQYwdStKayOmlIYAbiYzJza}, 7784: {instructions: To make dressing: Whisk together lemon juice, salt, and honey in a large salad bowl and add oil in a slow stream, whisking until blended.nTo make salad: Add salad ingredients to dressing and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon honey, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound 4 cups escarole preferably pale inner leaves, chopped, 14 pound 2 cups tender young mustard greens, trimmed and finely chopped, 12 pound 2 cups dandelion greens, tough stems discarded and leaves cut crosswise into 14inch slices, 2 ounces 2 cups baby spinach, 1 cup watercress sprigs, trimmed, 12 cup chopped fresh dill, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 cup thinly sliced scallion], title: Greek Country Salad, picturelink: null}, 7785: {instructions: Cut the cheese into 4inch square pieces about 12inch thick. Press into the pine nuts so that they adhere on 1 side and set aside.nHeat a 10inch nonstick pan over medium heat and add 2 tablespoons butter. When the butter is sizzling, place the cheese pieces in the pan nut side down and cook until golden brown on the nut side, about 3 minutes.nRemove and place each piece on a separate plate, nut side up. Add the cinnamon, amaretto, and remaining 2 teaspoons butter to the pan and reduce by half over high heat, about 2 minutes. Pour the sauce over the cheese and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 ounces stracchino cheese, well refrigerated, 12 cup pine nuts, spread out on a flat plate, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 2 teaspoons, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 cup amaretto], title: Sauteed Stracchino, picturelink: null}, 7786: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.n1 12 pounds shrimp, roasted using your favorite method, and allowed to cool to room temperaturenCombine all the ingredients except for the oil and shrimp in a food processor. Pulse about 1 minute, slowly pouring the oil into the processor, to make a smooth pesto.nServe pesto with the shrimp on the side as a dipping sauce or toss the shrimp with the pesto., ingredients: [1 bunch parsley leaves, 3 garlic cloves, 14 cup pine nuts, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 14 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil], title: Roasted Shrimp Tossed with Parsley Pesto, picturelink: fHZVnwc8Rkj2cxoOMyctPSZLSOH0TZm}, 7787: {instructions: Preheat grill to high.nPrepare all vegetables. Place vegetables in a roasting pan with the mushroom caps and green onions. Season vegetables generously with salt and pepper, and toss with the olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Place vegetables, cut side down, on the hot grill and cook for a couple minutes on each side, or until tender and nicely marked by the grill.nRemove from grill and toss with an additional 14 cup balsamic vinegar. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 medium yellow squash, sliced on bias, 1 medium zucchini, sliced on bias, 1 medium eggplant, sliced into 12inch thick circles, 1 red onion, sliced in 12inch thick circles, 2 Roma tomatoes, sliced in 12 lengthwise, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and quartered, 1 yellow bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and quartered, 2 portobello mushroom caps, gilled and peeled, 3 green onions, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup balsamic vinegar], title: Balsamic Grilled Vegetables, picturelink: DC0MyI98a8.dKHylorW9x63ssVVGxLC}, 7788: {instructions: Dissolve 2 tablespoons honey in 14 cup boiling water. Puree 1 cup thawed frozen blueberries and 12 cup cold water in a blender. Pour the blueberry puree through a finemesh strainer into a pitcher. Add up to 3 12 cups cold water and the dissolved honey to the pitcher and stir.nPhotograph by Hallie Burton, ingredients: [], title: Blueberry Punch, picturelink: 8XAm6BNOzOUCTkCzhF1C1Kl7FMEI2}, 7789: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: food processor and 4 6ounce ramekinsnFor the gravy:nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add in the onion, green pepper and garlic. Saute for 3 minutes to soften the vegetables. Then, add the tomato paste and cumin and cook until a deep reddishbrown color is achieved. Stir in the tomatoes and cook until they become tender, about 5 minutes. Pour in the broth and the beans, bring everything to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until the gravy thickens slightly, about 15 minutes. Chefs Note: The consistency will be soupy. Adjust the seasonings with salt and freshly cracked pepper, to taste.nFor the fauxfongo:nHeat 2inches of vegetable oil in a deep skillet to 360 degrees F.nCut the plantains into 2inch pieces, then remove their skins with a knife by cutting through a corner of the flesh along the length of the slice to get a lead, then peel the fruit. Fry the plantains, in batches, in the oil until when tapped with a metal spoon it sounds hard, about 8 minutes. Transfer the pieces to a paper towellined plate and repeat with remaining plantains.nSandwich the plantains between parchment paper and, using a small plate or a coffee mug, press them so they are about 12inch thick. Fry the plantains again at 360 degrees F until crisp and golden, then transfer them to a paper towellined plate to cool slightly.nAdd the fried plantains to a food processor. Combine them with the bacon, bacon fat, and garlic, then pulse until everything is blended, but still chunky. Chefs Note: The texture should be a mix of crunchy, moist and tender. Taste for seasoning and adjust with salt, if needed.nTo serve, spoon in enough FauxFongo to fill a 6ounce ramekin and press the mixture down well. Invert the portion onto a plate and ladle the gravy around it. Repeat with remaining 3 servings., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, diced, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced into 14inch pieces, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 pound or 6 Roma or plum tomatoes, seeded and diced, 3 cups chicken broth, 1 15ounce can red beans or pinto beans, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 green plantains, 8 slices bacon, fried crisp, plus 3 tablespoons reserved bacon fat, 3 garlic cloves, Kosher salt], title: FauxFongo with Red Bean Gravy, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 7790: {instructions: In a bowl wash quinoa in at least 5 changes cold water, rubbing grains and letting them settle Before pouring off most of water, until water runs clear and drain in a large fine sieve. In a saucepan of salted boiling water cook quinoa 10 minutes. Drain quinoa in sieve and rinse under cold water. Set sieve over a saucepan of boiling water quinoa should not touch water and steam quinoa, covered with a kitchen towel and lid, until fluffy and dry, about 10 minutes check water level in kettle occasionally, adding water if necessary. While quinoa is cooking, in a small bowl toss beans with vinegar and salt and pepper to taste. Transfer quinoa to a large bowl and cool. Add beans, corn, bell pepper, jalapeno, and coriander and toss well. Make dressing: In a small bowl whisk together lime juice, salt, and cumin and add oil in a stream, whisking. Drizzle dressing over salad and toss well with salt and pepper to taste. Salad may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring salad to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups quinoa small diskshaped seeds, 1 12 cups cooked black beans, rinsed, if canned, 1 12 tablespoons redwine vinegar, 1 12 cups cooked corn cut from about 2 large ears, 34 cup finely chopped green bell pepper, 2 pickled jalpeno chilies, seeded and minced wear rubber gloves, 14 cup finely chopped fresh coriander, 5 tablespoons fresh lime juice, or to taste, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 14 teaspoons ground cumin, or to taste, 13 cup olive oil], title: Quinoa and Black Beans Salad, picturelink: null}, 7791: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a gallonsized resealable plastic bag, dissolve 14 cup of salt in the warm water. Add the vinegar, red pepper flakes, brown sugar, ice cubes and the pork. Brine for exactly 20 minutes. The pork becomes mealy if its brined longer.nMeanwhile, prepare the Blackberry Jalapeno Glaze.nRemove the pork from the brine and pat dry. Rub the pork with the olive oil and season with 1 teaspoon salt and freshly cracked black pepper.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to medium heat.nAdd the pork tenderloin and cook for 6 minutes on each side, browning evenly and the internal temperature registers 135 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. At this point, evenly spread 14 cup of the glaze over the pork. Cook for an additional 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the pork from heat to a cutting board and keep it warm tented with aluminum foil.nSlice the pork, arrange the slices on a serving platter and serve with remaining warm glaze.nAdd the butter to a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Once melted, add the jalapenos and garlic and saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the blackberry preserves and 1 cup wine and combine well. Simmer until reduced by half. Add the cornstarch to the remaining 14 cup red wine in a small bowl and mix well. Pour the cornstarch mixture into the pan and cook for 5 to 6 minutes more. Keep the glaze warm until serving., ingredients: [14 cup kosher salt, plus 1 teaspoon, 3 cups water, warm, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 cup ice cubes, 2 pounds pork tenderloin, silver skin removed, Blackberry Jalapeno Glaze, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 to 2 roasted jalapenos, seeded, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 12 cup seedless blackberry preserves, 1 14 cups wine, preferably Merlot, divided, 12 teaspoon cornstarch], title: Blackberry Jalapeno Glazed Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: ZI9QplqRpBIZ5c5HtNLxhiYLc6ZWv1.}, 7792: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing: In a medium bowl, whisk together the blue cheese, oil, mayonnaise, vinegar and hot sauce. Season with salt and pepper and add more hot sauce if preferred. Set aside.nFor the salad: Divide the lettuce rounds among 4 plates. Pour 12 cup of the dressing over each. Top each with onequarter of the tomatoes and bacon. Sprinkle some chives on top. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 ounces crumbled blue cheese, at room temperature, 23 cup vegetable oil, 13 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, such as Crystal or Louisiana, plus more if desired, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 head iceberg lettuce, cut into quarters through the equator circular slices, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, cut into quarters, 6 slices cooked bacon, crumbled or chopped into pieces, 14 cup thinly sliced chives], title: Iceberg Lettuce Salad, picturelink: KAiGaCzPevHoMZ4xBslz2H1WBrLj3Ky}, 7793: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and position rack in the center.nPour 12 inch water into a large roasting pan and place in oven. Butter the bottom and sides of a 9inch springform pan. Line the bottom of the pan with a round of parchment paper, cut to fit. Butter the paper. Wrap the outside of the pan tightly with a large piece of heavyduty aluminum foil.nPut 1 cup of sugar and the coffee in a medium saucepan over a high heat. Bring to boil, stirring occasionally to dissolve sugar. Remove from the heat add the chocolate and return to low heat. Keep stirring over heat until the chocolate is completely melted and the mixture is smooth. Remove from the heat and whisk in the cocoa powder and salt until smooth. Add brandy. Whisk in the egg yolks until no trace of yolk is left. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl and set aside to cool for 10 minutes. Whisk the flour into the chocolate mixture.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, beat the 6 egg whites with the cream of tartar on medium speed until soft peaks form. Gradually add the remaining 13 cup sugar and beat on high until peaks are almost stiff.nStir about 14 of the egg whites into chocolate mixture no need to fold at this point. Then gently fold in the remaining whites, 13 at a time, until no streaks of white remain. Pour into pan and smooth top. Bake in water bath for 35 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out with a few moist crumbs clinging to it. Place cake on wire rack and let cool to room temperature. Remove sides of pan and carefully invert cake onto cardboard cake round or flat plate. Chill for at least 2 hours before glazing.nRemove the cake from the refrigerator and place it on a wire rack set over a baking sheet. Pour the chocolate glaze over the cake, covering it completely spread evenly with a metal spatula. Serve the cake immediately or refrigerate. Bring the cake to room temperature before serving.nChocolate glaze:n6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely choppedn12 cup heavy creamn2 tablespoons honeynPut chocolate in a medium bowl. In a small saucepan, bring the heavy cream to a gentle boil. Whisk in the honey. Pour the hot cream mixture over the chocolate and let the mixture stand for 30 seconds to melt the chocolate. Whisk the mixture until smooth. Cover the surface of the glaze with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature for 30 minutes, or until slightly thickened.nYield: 6 to 8 servings, ingredients: [1 13 cups sugar, divided, 34 cup freshly brewed coffee, 7 ounces bittersweet chocolate 62 percent finely chopped, 23 cup Dutchprocessed cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon brandy, 3 large eggs, separated plus 3 egg whites, 13 cup cake flour, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Chocolate Glaze, recipe follows], title: Bittersweet Chocolate Cloud Cake, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 7794: {instructions: Special equipment: aluminum foil toothpicksnRemove all the fat from the chicken. Using a meat tenderizer, pound chicken until it is all one thicknessthe thinner the better. Season the chicken front and back with garlic salt and pepper. Take the seasoned chicken, place in a bowl, and cover with raspberry vinaigrette. Let sit in the refrigerator for 2 to 4 hours. Turn chicken every once in a while to make sure it is coated with the vinaigrette marinade.nAfter marinating, remove chicken. Evenly sprinkle a thin layer of blue cheese over each breast. Pepper the chicken. Slowly roll up the chicken and secure with a toothpick. Take a piece of bacon, wrap around the chicken and secure again with toothpick. Continue rolling all chicken breasts.nOn a large sheet of aluminum foil, spread rings of onion in the center and sprinkle with mushrooms. Drizzle with raspberry vinaigrette. Set chicken bundles on onions and mushrooms and drizzle with more raspberry vinaigrette. Season with seasoned salt. Cover with more foil and fold in the sides so it creates a pouch and the juices do not escape.nThrow on grill and occasionally turn for the next 25 to 45 minutes  depending on how hot your grill is. When done, crack the top of the foil open and sprinkle freshly grated parmesan over the chicken. Serve. I hope you enjoy., ingredients: [4 boneless skinless chicken breast, 1 pound bacon, 1 large onion Vidalia are the best, sliced into rings, 10 oz crumbled blue cheese, mushrooms, raspberry vinaigrette, garlic salt, seasoned salt, black pepper, parmesan cheese, freshly grated], title: Grilled Chicken Cordon Bleu, picturelink: null}, 7795: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a medium saucepan, stir in cheese until melted. Stir in mustard, paprika and season to taste. Mix in the cooked macaroni with the sauce. Pour mixture into a buttered casserole dish. Melt butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Stir in bread crumbs and toss to coat. Sprinkle bread crumbs on top of casserole. Bake for 30 minutes or until bubbly, ingredients: [12 ounces elbow macaroni, cooked and drained, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 cups white sauce, in sauce pan, Salt and pepper, 2 cups sharp cheddar cheese, shredded, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 1 cup plain bread crumbs], title: Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 7796: {instructions: Cut cucumbers crosswise into 18inchthick slices then toss with kosher salt in a bowl and let stand 15 minutes. Rinse and drain cucumbers and pat dry with paper towels.nWhisk together vinegar, sugar, mustard, horseradish, and dill until sugar is dissolved. Stir in cucumber and let stand at least 5 minutes.nSlice bread and serve with pickles and cheese.nNote: Pickles can be made 2 to 4 hours ahead and chilled, covered., ingredients: [2 English cucumbers, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 2 teaspoons drained bottled horseradish, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 loaf rye bread 1 pound, 2 6 to 8ounce pieces semisoft cheese preferably German, such as Cambozola or Mirabo], title: Quick Cucumber Pickles with Rye Bread and Cheese, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 7797: {instructions: For the dough, combine the dry ingredients in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse to mix. Cut butter into 12 pieces and add pulse to mix in finely. Add egg and yolk and pulse to form a ball  if it resists, add a teaspoon of water and continue. Form the dough into a disk and wrap in plastic. Refrigerate until needed, up to 2 days. When ready to bake the tart, preheat oven to 350 degrees and set a rack in the lowest level. On a floured surface, roll the dough and use it to line a 9 to 10inch tart pan. For the filling, melt the butter in a small saute pan and cook the scallions for a few minutes to wilt them. Scrape onto the dough and spread evenly. Cover with the grated cheese and walnuts.nWhisk the remaining ingredients together in a bowl and pour into the tart crust. Bake the tart for about 30 minutes, or until the filling is brown and puffed and the crust is baked through. Serve immediately or cool and serve later., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 1 large egg, 1 large egg yolk, 1 bunch scallions, trimmed and sliced, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup coarsely grated Swiss Gruyere cheese, 34 cup chopped walnuts, lightly toasted, 12 cup milk, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 3 large eggs, Salt, pepper and nutmeg], title: Gruyere, Scallion, and Walnut Tart, picturelink: null}, 7798: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Stir together the cereal crumbs, pine nuts, garlic, parsley, oil, vermouth, crushed red pepper and 1 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Place the salmon, skinside down, on the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle generously with salt and black pepper and cover completely with the cereal crumb mixture. Bake until cooked through, about 20 minutes. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [34 cup finely crushed brown rice cereal, 14 cup pine nuts, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons dry vermouth or vegetable broth, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 2 12pound side of salmon, with skin on, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Salmon Scampi, picturelink: UQWSBstQx8oMvE98hfsUhRghx0yV5e}, 7799: {instructions: Pulverize first 7 ingredients in blender. If sauce is too spicy for your taste, add additional small amount of orange juice and sugar to diminish the heat. Add chopped cilantro after other ingredients blended so that the cilantro retains leafy appearance. Marinate chicken breast for 1 hour  do not marinate too long or the meat will get soft and start to cook because of the acid in the lime juice. Grill chicken breast until they have nice grill marks and are just done. Salt meat to taste. Cut slices on bias for presentation.nMango Chutney: Cut mango into bite size pieces, about 12 to 1inch long. Reserve any mango juice for the mixture. Place all ingredients in an 8 to 10inch frying pan and simmer on low to medium heat for 15 minutes. Stir frequently to avoid burning. Remove from heat and when cool place in covered container and refrigerate for at least 2 hours. Keeps for at least 4 to 5 days. Best served slightly chilled.nTortillas: Mix dry ingredients, except sesame seeds, in large bowl. Add oil to dry ingredients then slowly add warm water until a ball forms and dough does not stick to the surface. Knead briefly, cover with plastic and let rest for at least 30 minutes. Divide dough into 10 pieces.nRoll out dough with floured rolling pin to about 7 or 8 inches or use tortilla press. Be sure to use waxed paper or parchment paper to prevent the dough from sticking to the press. Put the sesame seeds on a plate and lay the tortilla on the seeds  you can place sesame seeds on one or both sides depending on amount of sesame taste desired. Since the seeds will be cooked directly, a lot of sesame flavor will be released.nCook each tortilla on nongreased nonstick griddle until each side begins to brown, about 45 seconds to 1 minute per side. Some of the seeds will pop. These tortillas are best served immediately while warm. Keep them covered with a tea towel. If stored, wrap tightly and reheat before serving.nPlace tortillas on a platter, add grilled, sliced chicken and top with mango chutney. Garnish with cilantro sprigs, if desired., ingredients: [3 ripe mangos, peeled and pit removed, 1 cup sugar, 12 green pepper, finely chopped, 12 red pepper, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh ginger squeeze through garlic press reserve all liquid and solids for the mixture, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 cup sweet onion, finely chopped, 5 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 cups bread flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 cup warm water, 4 tablespoons corn oil, 3 tablespoons sesame seeds], title: Tequila Flavored Grilled Chicken Breast with Mango Chutney on Sesame Tortilla, picturelink: null}}