{600: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a saucepan cover with cold water by 1 inch and season with salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer 8 minutes. Add the lima beans simmer until the potatoes are forktender, 4 minutes. Reserve 14 cup cooking water, then drain and return to the pot. Add the sour cream, 1 tablespoon butter and the reserved cooking water. Season with salt and pepper and smash.nCombine the paprika, thyme, cayenne and 1 teaspoon salt in a bowl sprinkle on both sides of the salmon. Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the salmon and cook until browned and just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side.nStir the scallions into the potatoes and top with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Serve with the salmon and lime wedges.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 pound baby redskinned potatoes, halved or quartered, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups frozen baby lima beans about 6 ounces, thawed, 12 cup fatfree sour cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 skinless centercut wild salmon fillets about 4 ounces each, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 scallions, sliced, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Blackened Salmon with Lima Bean Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: YWFoAALQKhg6gjFEiRSLvVpM3njYJRW}, 601: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. On a large baking sheet, roast the pecans for 10 to 12 minutes. While the nuts are still hot, stir in 2 tablespoons butter. Turn the oven up to 375 degrees.nSift together the flour, salt and baking soda or baking powder in a medium mixing bowl. Using an electric mixer, cream fat and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add the corn syrup, if using. Add the liquid or egg and beat thoroughly. Beat in the vanilla. On low speed, gradually add the dry ingredients until thoroughly combined. Scrape down the sides once with a rubber spatula. Add the pecans and chocolate chips. Beat 5 seconds on low. Use the rubber spatula to finish mixing well.nSpray cookie sheets lightly with nonstick cooking spray. With a tablespoon or small ice creamfood scoop I use a No. 40, about 112 inches diameter, drop slightly heaped tablespoons of batter about 2 inches apart onto the greased sheets. Bake the cookies for about 12 minutes or until the edges just begin to brown. Remove from the oven and let the cookies cool on the sheet on a cooling rack for 3 minutes, then remove the cookies to a rack to cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup coarsely chopped pecans, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 10 tablespoons fat, 1 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons liquid or 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips 6 ounces, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup coarsely chopped pecans, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups bleached allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 10 tablespoons butter, 12 cup sugar and 13 cup light brown sugar and 3 tablespoons light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips 6 ounces, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup coarsely chopped pecans, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups cake flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 9 tablespoons butterflavored shortening, 1 cup minus 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips 6 ounces, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup coarsely chopped pecans, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups cake flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 5 tablespoons butter and 5 tablespoons butterflavored shortening, 34 cup light brown sugar and 2 tablespoons light corny syrup, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips 6 ounces, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Chocolate Chip CookiesFour Ways, picturelink: null}, 602: {instructions: Core the apples, cut into 8 wedges, and set aside. Peel and seed the squash, cut into 12inch cubes, and set aside. Melt the butter in a saucepan over high heat, add the squash, and saute 5 minutes. Add the apples and continue cooking for 5 minutes. Add the brown sugar and stir until dissolved. Add the cider vinegar and cook 2 minutes. Add the chicken stock and simmer until cooked through. Add the ginger and garlic, cook 2 minutes, adjust seasoning, and serve., ingredients: [6 local apples, 1 large butternut squash, 4 ounces butter, 14 cup brown sugar, 13 cup cider vinegar, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon grated garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: The Cover 2 Roasted Apples and Squash, picturelink: .m8HYhpQhrgkYcmcQf2hYhvVi0SRQC}, 603: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSift together the dry ingredients the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar. Using 2 forks or a pastry blender, cut in the butter to coat the pieces with the flour. The mixture should look like coarse crumbs. Fold the blueberries into the batter. Take care not to mash or bruise the blueberries because their strong color will bleed into the dough. Make a well in the center and pour in the heavy cream. Fold everything together just to incorporate do not overwork the dough.nPress the dough out on a lightly floured surface into a rectangle about 12 by 3 by 1 14 inches. Cut the rectangle in 12 then cut the pieces in 12 again, giving you 4 3inch squares. Cut the squares in 12 on a diagonal to give you the classic triangle shape. Place the scones on an ungreased cookie sheet and brush the tops with a little heavy cream. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes until beautiful and brown. Let the scones cool a bit before you apply the glaze.nYou can make the lemon glaze in a double boiler, or for a simpler alternative, you can zap it in the microwave. Mix the lemon juice with the confectioners until dissolved in a heatproof bowl over a pot of simmering water for the doubleboiler method, or in a microwavesafe bowl. Whisk in the butter and lemon zest. Either nuke the glaze for 30 seconds or continue whisking in the double boiler. Whisk the glaze to smooth out any lumps, then drizzle the glaze over the top of the scones. Let it set a minute before serving., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold, cut in chunks, 1 cup fresh blueberries, 1 cup heavy cream, plus more for brushing the scones, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 lemon, zest finely grated], title: Blueberry Scones with Lemon Glaze, picturelink: McONAxw5lp0bP7eQvgxLAGii9HfDlha}, 604: {instructions: Special equipment: A 9inch springform pannFor the crust: Position a rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 325 degrees F. Butter the inside of the springform pan.nPulse the graham crackers in a food processor until finely ground. Add the butter, sugar and salt, and pulse until the mixture comes together and holds its shape when squeezed. Pour the mixture into the prepared pan, and press it into the bottom to make an even layer. Bake until the crust is just firm, about 10 minutes. Remove and let cool completely. Place the pan on a large piece of foil, and fold the foil up the sides of the pan. This helps seal the pan, to keep water out while baking.nFor the filling: Wipe out the food processor. Pulse the cream cheese, sugar and sour cream until completely smooth, without any lumps, scraping down the sides of the bowl a few times. Add the eggs and vanilla, and pulse until incorporated. Pour the filling into the crust, and set the pan inside a roasting pan. Fill the roasting pan with enough hot water to go halfway up the sides of the springform pan but not above the foil.nBake the cheesecake until the edge is set but the center jiggles slightly when you gently shake the pan, the cheesecake should move in a cohesive wave motion, 1 hour 10 minutes to 1 hour 20 minutes. Turn the oven off, and open the door for a few seconds to let out some heat. Close the door, and let the cheesecake sit in the oven until cooked completely through, 1 hour more.nTransfer the springform pan to a cooling rack. Run a knife around the edge, and let the cheesecake cool to room temperature. Wrap and refrigerate overnight or up to 2 days.nFor the topping: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans out on a baking sheet, and bake until they turn a few shades darker and are nicely toasted, about 15 minutes. Let cool, then halve each pecan lengthwise.nMeanwhile, heat the cream, butter, corn syrup, vanilla and salt in a small saucepan over medium heat until just steaming. Reduce the heat to low to keep the cream mixture warm.nCook the sugar in an even layer in a medium skillet over medium heat, without stirring, until it begins to melt. Gently swirl the pan as needed as the sugar continues to melt and begins to caramelize and turn lightly golden in spots. Keep cooking and swirling until the caramel is a uniform deep amber. Remove from the heat, and slowly whisk in the warm cream mixture watch out for ferocious bubbles. Return the caramel sauce to medium heat, and cook to reduce slightly, about 2 minutes. Let cool. To see if the sauce is ready for topping the cheesecake, dip a spoon into it and let the sauce drop off its ready if it easily and slowly drips off the spoon. The sauce can be refrigerated up to 2 days reheat in the microwave.nTo assemble: Spoon the sauce into the center of the cheesecake, and let it ooze to the edge. If needed, swirl the sauce with the back of a spoon to help it along. Sprinkle the pecans in a generous layer over the sauce. The cheesecake can now be served or refrigerated for up to 4 hours.nTo slice the cake, dip a sharp, heavy knife into warm water, wipe the knife dry and slice into the cake. Wipe the knife clean and repeat., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more butter for the pan, 9 chocolate graham crackers about 1 sleeve, 2 tablespoons sugar, Pinch fine salt, Filling:, Four 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 cup sour cream, 6 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, Topping:, 1 cup pecans, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup sugar], title: PecanPie Cheesecake, picturelink: V8vPtanIZ0y2ZpF5FWqgq6T0KG4kJcy}, 605: {instructions: Follow package directions for 4 servings, but simmer rice in stock rather than water season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [], title: Texmati Rice, picturelink: null}, 606: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the onion, garlic, jalapeno, soy sauce, sugar, thyme, cinnamon, allspice and a pinch of salt together in a food processor and blend for a couple of minutes, scraping up pieces that cling to the walls to make sure everything is blended evenly.nCombine the jerk rub and the chicken legs in a casserole dish that is just big enough to fit the chicken pieces. Work the rub into the chicken, making sure to put the mixture under the skin as well. Cover and let the chicken marinate in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours or up to overnight.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nDrizzle the marinated chicken with vegetable oil and season with salt. Roast it in the marinade in the center rack of the oven until an instantread thermometer shows an internal temperature of 165 degrees, about 40 minutes. Let the chicken cool slightly, then pull off the meat in large shreds, discarding the bones. Toss the shredded chicken with any leftover juices in the pan.nSandwich build: Spread some Pickapeppa Sour Cream on both sides of the bread. Place some of the Mango Chutney on the bread. Put on a layer of shredded chicken and top with some Fried Plaintains and cilantro. Serve extra plantains on the side. Enjoy, mannMix together the sour cream, pickapeppa sauce and lime zest in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nMix together the mangos, sugar, raisins, ginger, garlic, jalapeno and salt to taste in a medium bowl. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or up to overnight.nCombine the mango mixture with the vinegar and turmeric in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally to prevent the chutney from sticking to the pan until thickened and thoroughly combined, about 20 minutes.nFill a Dutch oven halfway with canola oil and heat to 350 degrees F.nPeel the plantain and slice it lengthwise into long thin strips. A mandolin slicer will give you the best results. You can crack the peppercorns by crushing them with a heavy pan on a cutting board you are looking for a very coarse grind. Drop the plantain strips in the hot oil and allow them to fry up crispy, about 1 minute. Transfer the plantains directly to a paper towellined plate and immediately season with salt and the cracked black peppercorns., ingredients: [12 small yellow onion, quartered, 5 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 large jalapeno, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, Kosher salt, 4 chicken legs thighs and drumsticks together, Vegetable oil, for drizzling, Pickapeppa Sour Cream, recipe follows, 4 soft sandwich rolls, split, Mango Chutney, recipe follows, Fried Plantains, recipe follows, Cilantro, for serving, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons pickapeppa sauce, Zest of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 mangos, peeled and small diced, 13 cup dark brown sugar, 13 cup dark raisins, 2 tablespoons grated ginger, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 1 jalapeno, minced, Kosher salt, 13 cup white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon turmeric, Canola oil, for frying, 1 green plantain, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cracked black peppercorns], title: Jerk Chicken with Mango Chutney and Fried Plantains, picturelink: s2dNw0droPl7ArI8.u58i4CeFYP8cy}, 607: {instructions: Place fruit in saucepan with sugar and cook gently for 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Line pudding basin with slices of bread, leaving no gaps. Fill with fruit, cover the top with more bread, to form lid. Cover with saucer and put weights on top, to press the bread down. Refrigerate for 12 hours or overnight. Turn out onto serving plate spoon over extra juice to cover any white part still showing. Serve with clotted cream or ice cream., ingredients: [2 pounds mixed summer berries strawberries, raspberries, red currants, black currants, black cherries, 6 ounces powdered sugar, 1 12 pint pudding basin, 7 to 8 slices white bread], title: Summer Pudding, picturelink: null}, 608: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 450 degrees F. Brush 2 rimmed baking sheets with olive oil. Pat the fish dry with paper towels and transfer to the baking sheets open so the fish is skinside down. Drizzle half of the lemon juice over the fish and season with salt and pepper. Roast, switching the pans halfway through, until the fish is cooked through and flakes easily with a fork, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the arugula, radishes, celery, hearts of palm, parsley and Peppadews in a large bowl. Add the olive oil, lemon zest, the remaining lemon juice and the Peppadew brine season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Top each fish with the salad, chives and croutons.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 4 whole cleaned, deboned trout about 10 ounces each, heads, tails and fins removed, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cups baby arugula about 3 ounces, 4 radishes, thinly sliced, 1 large celery stalk, thinly sliced, 1 14ounce can hearts of palm, drained and sliced, 12 cup fresh parsley, 14 cup jarred Peppadew peppers, roughly chopped, plus 2 to 3 teaspoons brine from the jar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 12 cup fatfree croutons], title: Roasted Trout with Arugula Salad, picturelink: 5QplvLts7PtTUcmkorNVS4l7GIE3RP6}, 609: {instructions: Clean mushrooms by wiping with a damp towel. Trim off stem flush at base of cap and reserve for another use.nCombine remaining ingredients in a large bowl. Add mushrooms and toss to evenly coat. Transfer to a container and press mushrooms down until liquid rises to the top. Cover tightly and refrigerate for 2 to 5 days. To serve place on a platter with toothpicks, sprinkle with chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 pound small white mushroom caps, 1 cup olive oil, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 4 shallots, peeled and minced, 1 teaspoon cracked black peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, 1 12 teaspoons salt, Chopped parsley for garnish], title: Marinated Mushroom Caps, picturelink: null}, 610: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the grill to high.nLightly brush the watermelon slices with vegetable oil and season with salt. Arrange on the grill and grill until you have visible grill marks on both sides. Remove the rind and chop the flesh into large chunks. Add the watermelon flesh to a blender, along with 1 cup of water and blend until liquefied. Strain the juice, through a fine strainer, into a bowl. Discard the pulp and reserve watermelon juice.nIn a large bowl or glass pitcher, combine the tequila, simple syrup, lime juice and watermelon schnapps. Add the grilled watermelon juice, and stir. Pour into serving glasses and garnish with reserved slices of grilled watermelon and a jalapeno pepper.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, add the water, sugar and the jalapeno pepper. Heat the mixture until the sugar is dissolved, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and let steep until cool. Remove the pepper slices and reserve the simple syrup., ingredients: [4 1inch thick watermelon slices, plus small pieces for garnish, Vegetable oil, Salt, 1 cup water, 4 ounces blanco tequila, 1ounce Jalapeno Infused Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 lime, juiced, 1ounce watermelon schnapps, Whole jalapeno peppers, for garnish, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 1 small jalapeno pepper, sliced in 12], title: Grilled Watermelon and Jalapeno Bowla, picturelink: 322H13btcMEK3QqIT7lzV04DmRmEQyi}, 611: {instructions: CRUMBLE blue cheese in medium bowl. Blend in cream cheese. Stir in mayonnaise, garlic and pepper. Mix well. Slowly add oil until smooth.nCOVER and store in refrigerator. Stir before serving., ingredients: [4 oz. blue cheese, 1 3 oz. pkg. cream cheese, softened, 2 cups mayonnaise, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 tsp. pepper, 14 cup Criscou00ae Light Olive Oil or 14 cup Criscou00ae Pure Canola Oil], title: Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: null}, 612: {instructions: Dough 1 Place the flour in a mediumsized bowl. Mix in the salt. 2 Make a well in the center, and add the buttermilk or yogurt. Mix first with a spoon and then with your hand, to make a smooth dough. 3 Add extra flour, as needed, to keep the dough from being sticky. The dough will be quite soft. knead in the bowl for about 5 minutes. Cover tightly and refrigerate until you are ready to assemble the pastries.nFilling: 1 Peel the potatoes and chop them into 1inch pieces. Place in a saucepan, cover with water, and boil until very soft. Drain and transfer to a mediumsized bowl. Mash and set aside. 2Melt the butter in a heavy skillet. Add onion, garlic, ginger, mustard seeds, coriander, and salt. Saute over medium heat about 8 to 10 minutes, or until onions are quite soft. Add this to the mashed potatoes, along with the remaining ingredients. Mix well, but try not to smash the peas. Cool for at least 15 minutes before filling the pastries.nTo Assemble and Bake: 1 Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Generously oil a baking sheet. 2 Keep a small container of flour, a fork, a small bowl of water, and a pastry brush close at hand. Flour a clean surface, and, one by one, roll 1inch balls of dough into 5inch circles, using a rolling pin. 3 Place approximately 1 12 tablespoons filling in the center of each circle, and fold over, just like a turnover. Brush the inside edges of each circle with a little water, and fold the edges together to make a small hem. Crimp the edges firmly with a fork. Store in the refrigerator or freezer until baking time. 4 To bake: Place the samosas on the oiled baking sheet. Brush the tops with oil. Bake 15 minutes at 425 degrees F., then reduce heat to 375 degrees F. and bake for 10 minutes more. For maximum crispness, turn the samosas over when you turn the oven down. 5 Serve within 5 minutes of baking, with Dipping Sauce. A nice way to serve the sauce is in individual saucers or tiny bowls, so each person can hold both samosa and sauce directly under his or her face while eating, and the sauce bowl can catch the drips. It does drip, but thats one of the charms of this ritual.nFor the dipping sauce: 1 Place all ingredients in a small saucepan. Stir until the sugar dissolves. 2 Heat to boiling, then let simmer uncovered for about 10 minutes. it will reduce slightly. 3 Serve warm or at room temperature with hot samosas., ingredients: [2 12 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup buttermilk or yogurt, Extra flour as needed, 2 large potatoes the size of a large persons fist, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup finely minced onion, 2 medium cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon dried coriander if available, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups uncooked green peas frozen, thawedfine, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Cayenne, to taste, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup water, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Samosas, picturelink: null}, 613: {instructions: For the batter: Mix everything in a bowl until smooth.nHeat oil in a large pot to 375 degrees F.nDip pieces of fish in the batter and then drop in oil and fry until golden brown.nMix everything together in a bowl., ingredients: [1 egg, 1 cup flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup beer, 2 pounds walleye pike fillets, skinless and boneless, cut in strips 1inch thick, 2 quarts vegetable oil, for frying, Remoulade Sauce, as an accompaniment, recipe follows, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon chopped capers, 1 tablespoon chopped red onion, 1 tablespoon minced green onion, 1 tablespoon chopped Gherkin pickles, 1 tablespoon chopped dill,, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper or hot sauce, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt], title: Tempura WallEye Pike with Spicy Remoulade, picturelink: null}, 614: {instructions: Roughly chop the kale leaves into 1inch pieces, then wash and drain throughly. In a large skillet, heat the olive oil 2 minutes. Add the garlic and lightly brown, then immediately add the kale. Turn the kale leaves to coat evenly with the olive oil and to prevent the garlic from burning on the bottom of the pan. Season with salt and pepper.nContinue to saute the kale leaves 3 to 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and add the chicken stock. Cover the pan and cook the kale in the stock 5 minutes more. Remove the cover, add the red wine, and continue to braise the kale in the red wine and stock until nearly all of the liquid has evaporated. The entire cooking process will take 12 to 15 minutes, at which time the kale should be tender and the liquid cooked off., ingredients: [2 medium or 1 large head kale, stem end removed, 14 cup pure olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 23 cup chicken stock, 23 cup dry red wine], title: Braised Kale with Garlic and Red Wine, picturelink: null}, 615: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpread the mustard on both slices of bread, then lay a slice of cheese on each piece. On one slice, arrange the turkey and the cranberry sauce. On the other slice, lay on the dressing and spoon the gravy over the top.nCarefully unite the two halves into one sandwich, then spread the top side of the bread with 1 tablespoon of the butter.nInvert the sandwich, butterside down, onto a hot panini maker or a grill pan or skillet over mediumlow heat. Spread the top with the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter.nClose the panini maker and grill the sandwich until the bread is crusty and golden, the fillings are hot, and the cheese is melted. Flip the sandwich halfway through to grill the other side.nPull it off the heat and slice it in half This sandwich is to die for., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 slices sourdough sandwich bread, 2 slices Swiss, 13 cup shredded leftover roasted Thanksgiving turkey, 3 tablespoons leftover cranberry sauce, 13 cup leftover dressing, 2 tablespoons leftover giblet gravy, 2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature], title: Leftover Thanksgiving Panini, picturelink: 4yf2xEKgAvEh0a.2MT1RSVgde9SBME.}, 616: {instructions: In a medium skillet, preheat the olive oil over medium heat. Season the snapper fillets with salt and pepper on both sides. Add the snapper fillets and sear them with skin up. Add all remaining ingredients except the brandy, cheddar cheese, and butter. Simmer for approximately 2 minutes, turning the snapper over after it reaches a nice golden brown color. Add the brandy to the skillet and top the snapper with the cheese. Cover for 1 minute to melt the cheese. Remove the snapper from the skillet and set aside. Finish the sauce by slowly stirring in the butter. Place 2 snapper fillets on each plate and top the plated snapper with the sauce., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 4 8 to 10ounce whole yellowtail snapper fillets, butterflied, 2 cups diced tomatoes, 12 cup diced red onion, 12 cup julienned yellow onion, 12 cup marinara sauce, 2 lemons, freshly juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped green onion, 1 tablespoon diced green chiles, 1 tablespoon small capers, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh garlic, 12 teaspoon seeded minced jalapeno, Pinch ground coriander, Pinch ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup brandy, 12 cup grated cheddar, 12 tablespoon butter], title: Snapper Vera Cruz, picturelink: null}, 617: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a 6cup muffin pan with butterflavored cooking spray set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine corn muffin mix, egg, milk, butter, and corn kernels. Stir until just combined.nPour equal amounts of mixture into each muffin cup.nBake in preheated oven for 16 to 18 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, combine all spread ingredients. Mix thoroughly. Refrigerate until ready to use.nTo serve, spread warm muffin with Cherry Pecan Spread., ingredients: [1 6.5ounce package cornbread and muffin mix recommended: Betty Crocker, 1 egg, 13 cup milk, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 12 cup frozen whole corn kernels, thawed, 1 8ounce container strawberry cream cheese recommended: Philadelphia, 14 cup mascarpone cheese, 14 cup chopped dried cherries, 14 cup chopped pecans, toasted, 2 teaspoons lemon zest], title: Cherry Pecan Spread on Corn Muffins, picturelink: j0O2Lxz0jK8DpLNtoFTLJY9FR4bu6K}, 618: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the filling, wash, clean, and cut all vegetables into 1inch long julienne. In a large bowl, combine the leeks, mango, grated ginger, zest, bell pepper, and red onion.nFor the crust, slice the potatoes into thin slices like chips, and set aside.nPlace the vegetables, and lime juice at the end of each fillet, roll up, and secure with toothpicks.nDust each fillet in flour and lay on a baking sheet. Cover each fillet with the potato chips, layering the potatoes as close together as possible. Sprinkle the oil on top of each fillet and bake for 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [14 ounce leeks, 14 ounce mango, 14 ounce ginger, 2 limes, juiced and zested, 14 ounce yellow bell pepper, 14 ounce red onion, 4 6ounce snapper fillets, 2 pounds blue potatoes, Salt and pepper, 2 ounces flour, 2 ounces vegetable oil], title: Stuffed Crusted Snapper, picturelink: null}, 619: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut off the root end of each pearl onion and make an x with your knife in its place. Bring 2 to 3 cups of water to a boil and drop in the onions for 1 minute. Remove the onions from the pot, allow them to cool, and then peel. You should be able to slide the onions right out of their skin. Set aside.nSprinkle the chicken on all sides with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Place the chicken pieces, a few at a time, into a large 1 or 2gallon sealable plastic bag along with the flour. Shake to coat all of the pieces of the chicken. Remove the chicken from the bag to a metal rack.nAdd the 2 tablespoons of water to a large, 12inch saute pan over medium heat along with the salt pork. Cover and cook until the water is gone, and then continue to cook until the salt pork cubes are golden brown and crispy, approximately 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the salt pork from the pan and set aside.nIn the same pan, using the remaining fat, add the pearl onions, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and saute until lightly brown, approximately 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the onions from the pan and set aside. Next, brown the chicken pieces on each side until golden brown, working in batches if necessary to not overcrowd the pan. Transfer the chicken into a 7 to 8quart enameled cast iron Dutch oven.nAdd the mushrooms to the same 12inch saute pan, adding the 1 tablespoon of butter if needed, and saute until they give up their liquid, approximately 5 minutes. Store the onions, mushrooms and pork in an airtight container in the refrigerator until ready to use.nPour off any remaining fat and deglaze the pan with approximately 1 cup of the wine. Pour this into the Dutch oven along with the chicken stock, tomato paste, quartered onion, carrots, celery, garlic, thyme, and bay leaf. Add all of the remaining wine. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nThe next day, preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace the chicken in the oven and cook for 2 to 2 12 hours, or until the chicken is tender. Maintain a very gentle simmer and stir occasionally.nOnce the chicken is done, remove it to a heatproof container, cover, and place it in the oven to keep warm. Strain the sauce in a colander and remove the carrots, onion, celery, thyme, garlic, and bay leaf. Return the sauce to the pot, place over medium heat, and reduce by 13. Depending on how much liquid you actually began with, this should take 20 to 45 minutes.nOnce the sauce has thickened, add the pearl onions, mushrooms, and pork and cook for another 15 minutes or until the heated through. Taste and adjust seasoning if necessary, remove from the heat, add the chicken and serve. Serve over egg noodles, if desired.nCooku00bfs Note: If the sauce is not thick enough at the end of reducing, you may add a mixture of equal parts butter and flour kneaded together. Start with 1 tablespoon of each. Whisk this into the sauce for 4 to 5 minutes and repeat, if necessary., ingredients: [24 to 30 pearl onions, 4 chicken thighs and legs, or 1 5 to 7pound stewing chicken, cut into serving pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 to 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons water, 6 ounces salt pork, slab bacon, or lardon, cubed, 8 ounces button mushrooms, quartered, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 750ml bottles red wine, preferably pinot noir, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 medium onion, quartered, 2 stalks celery, quartered, 2 medium carrots, quartered, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 6 to 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 2 cups chicken stock or broth], title: Coq au Vin, picturelink: S8RQF6pvbvwqRgkltBfsMPHvIme4Xy}, 620: {instructions: Butter a 12 by 18inch baking pan. Cover 2 large cutting boards or cardboard pieces with parchment paper. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, melt butter. Remove from heat and stir in sugar, corn syrup, and 3 tablespoons water. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture reaches 300 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Remove from heat, stir in 1 cup almonds, and pour out into prepared pan, spreading the mixture with the back of a spoon to fill the pan.nBefore the candy hardens, but when it is firm enough to handle, turn it out onto parchmentlined board. Allow to cool completely.nWipe the surface of the candy with a damp paper towel to remove excess butter, and allow to dry.nUse a small offset spatula to spread half the chocolate quickly over candy. Scatter 12 cup of the remaining almonds over chocolate. Cover with parchment paper and place second cutting board on paper. Turn candy over onto second surface. Remove top board and paper, and quickly spread candy with remaining chocolate and scatter on remaining 12 cup almonds. Refrigerate for 20 minutes to set chocolate.nBreak candy into 2inch pieces. The candy may be stored in an airtight container use parchment paper to separate layers. Candy will keep at cool room temperature for up to 1 week.nHow to Temper Chocolate:nIn a heatproof bowl or the top of a double boiler, melt coarsely chopped chocolate over a pot of simmering water. The chocolate should register 115 to 120 degrees F on an instantread thermometer.nRemove bowl from simmering water. Let cool, stirring occasionally, until it reaches a temperature of about 82 degrees to 86 degrees depending on the variety of chocolate you are using on an instantread thermometer. At this point, the chocolate will begin to set around the edges of the bowl.nReturn the bowl to the pot of hot, but no longer, simmering water for a few seconds at a time until it reaches a temperature of 88 degrees to 91 degrees F. Be sure not to allow chocolate to become hotter than 91 degrees F as this will make it necessary to repeat the entire tempering process., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for pan and foil, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 tablespoons light corn syrup, 3 tablespoons water, 2 cups about 8 ounces toasted almonds, chopped, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, tempered, instructions follow], title: English Toffee, picturelink: null}, 621: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the sausage and cook, stirring occasionally, until brown, about 7 minutes. Push to one side of the skillet and increase the heat to high. Add the tomatoes, stirring to break them up a bit, and cook until the edges brown and the oil turns red, about 6 minutes. Stir the sausage and tomatoes together.nAdd the garlic, bay leaves, fennel seeds and red pepper flakes to the skillet, then scatter the saffron over the mixture. Cook, stirring, about 2 minutes. Add the parsley, 1 cup basil and 1 teaspoon salt. Reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes.nRemove and discard the bay leaves.nMeanwhile, cook the spaghetti in a large pot of salted boiling water until al dente. Drain, reserving 12 cup pasta water. Add the spaghetti, cooking liquid and reserved tomato juice to the sausage sauce and toss, about 3 minutes. Top with the pecorino and the remaining 12 cup basil., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds sweet Italian fennel sausage, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 28ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, drained, seeded and halved, with 12 cup juice reserved, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon saffron threads, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 12 cups fresh basil leaves, torn, Kosher salt, 34 pound spaghetti, 1 cup shredded pecorino cheese], title: Sardinian Spaghetti, picturelink: R4N2Qiz4arhMuWybkZQzamh0S7MC.Oi}, 622: {instructions: Set a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a mixing bowl, with an electric mixer, slowly beat the almond paste, almond extract, and confectioners sugar until completely blended. Add the egg white and beat until smooth. Let the batter rest in the refrigerator for 15 minutes. Spoon the batter into a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch tip. Pipe out 1inch mounds of the batter onto a parchmentlined or nonstick cookie sheet. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until puffed and tan. Set on a rack to cool. When completely cool and crisp, chop the macaroons in a food processor. You should have approximately 1 14 cups of crumbs.nTortoni Cream: Spread out almonds on a cookie sheet and place in a preheated 325 degree oven for 3 minutes. Turn tray around, toss nuts with a metal spatula and toast for another 3 minutes. In a large bowl, mix together 1 cup of cream, the macaroon crumbs and confectioners sugar. Chill for 30 minutes. Mix in the rum and vanilla and chill for another 30 minutes. Whip the remaining 1 cup of cream to soft peaks and fold into the macaroon mixture.nDivide the mixture among eight 4ounce paper cups. Top with the almonds and cherries, if desired. Freeze for 4 hours or until firm., ingredients: [4 ounces almond paste, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 large egg white, Tortoni cream, recipe follows, 14 cup almonds, sliced, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 14 cups macaroon crumbs, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 8 candied cherries], title: Biscuit Tortoni, picturelink: null}, 623: {instructions: Season 12 chicken with salt, pepper, oregano and lemon juice. Place on grill for about 30 minutes or until juices run clear., ingredients: [12 chicken, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Greek Chicken, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 624: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the edamame, soy sauce, cayenne pepper and salt into a small mixing bowl and stir to combine.nLine a half sheet pan with a silicone baking mat.nPlace a 3quart saucier inside a large cast iron skillet. Add the sugar and water to the saucier, and cook over high heat, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon, until it comes to a boil. Stop stirring, cover, and cook for 3 minutes. Uncover, reduce heat to medium, and cook until the sugar is a light amber color, approximately 25 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the edamame mixture. Working quickly, pour the mixture onto the prepared half sheet pan and spread thin with an oiled spatula. You will have to work quickly when pouring out and spreading the mixture in the pan. Cool completely, approximately 30 minutes, and then break into pieces. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [7 ounces dry roasted edamame, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pound 6 ounces sugar, 12 ounces water], title: Dry Roasted Edamame Brittle, picturelink: SWY0JjCmPRmfQdPrKXIR6WKj.to6Ym}, 625: {instructions: Put the onion, carrots, celery, thyme, parsley, chicken broth, and water in a medium pot. Season with salt and pepper to taste, and bring to a simmer over medium high heat. Simmer until the vegetables are almost tender, about 5 minutes.nAdd the noodles and cook until tender, 5 to 8 minutes depending upon the size of the noodles. Add the chicken, warm through, and then adjust the seasoning if necessary with salt and pepper. Serve garnished with parsley and dill., ingredients: [12 medium onion, thinly sliced, 1 small carrot, thinly sliced, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 sprigs flatleaf parsley, 6 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 12 cup water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 pound egg noodles preferably wide ones, 1 14 cups shredded cooked chicken meat from about one breast, 1 tablespoon whole flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh dill fronds], title: Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: null}, 626: {instructions: Place the sugar, honey and water in a saucepan and bring to a strong boil. Place the almonds in the food processor and grind until coarse. Remove the boiling sugar from the heat and pour over the coarse almonds. Blend until smooth. This may take 10 minutes or more, depending on the strength of the food processor. Remember, food processors are not usually strong enough to yield the same consistency as the almond paste that you can buy. If your mixture is too thick and the food processor is straining, you can add a little Kirsch or simple syrup to the processor. Add the liquid slowly and stop when the processor is moving more freely. The quality of almond paste is determined by how smooth the consistency is.nWrap the almond paste in plastic wrap and allow it to cool. When you are ready to use it, knead in the butter. The butter makes it smooth and not so sticky., ingredients: [I cup plus 3 tablespoons 250 grams sugar, 14 cup 75 grams honey, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons 100 grams water, 3 cups plus 3 tablespoons 500 grams blanched, whole, almonds, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon 50 grams Kirsch or simple syrup, optional, Scant 14 cup 50 grams butter], title: Almond Paste, picturelink: null}, 627: {instructions: In a bowl, soak the bread in the milk for 30 minutes. Squeeze out the excess milk from the bread save the milk and put the bread in a blender with the garlic, lemon juice and zest, almonds, olive oil, and salt. Puree until smooth, adding enough milk to bring to a hummus consistency. Mix with the chickpeas and parsley.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 cups 12inch diced dayold bread, without the crust, 1 cup whole milk, 4 cloves garlic, Juice and grated zest of 1 lemon, 1 cup almonds, toasted, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt, 1 cup cooked chickpeas, 3 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Skordalla with Chickpeas, picturelink: null}, 628: {instructions: For crust, mix cornmeal, flour, baking powder, sugar, salt, baking soda, oil, buttermilk, and egg in mixing bowl until smooth. Pour into greased 8inch x 8inch baking pan and bake at 375 degrees F for 20 to 25 minutes until done.nRemove from oven and let cool completely. When cool crumble corn bread and place 3 cups of cornbread crumbs in mixing bowl.nAdd 12 cup melted butter to crumbs and mix well, set aside.nIn a saucepan on medium low heat, melt butter and saute onions and celery until transparent, stirring occasionally. Add chicken broth, cream of chicken soup, salt, and pepper. Stir until well blended and soup is incorporated. Add chicken, stir and blend until mixture reaches a low simmer. Cook for 5 minutes, remove from heat.nPlace chicken mixture in buttered casserole dish 2 12 quart, or individual casserole dishes about four. Spoon cornbread crumb topping on top of chicken mixture, do not stir in chicken filling. Place baking dish in preheated oven at 350 degrees F for 35 to 40 minutes. The crumbs will turn a golden yellow., ingredients: [1 cup yellow cornmeal, 13 cup flour, 1 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 34 cup buttermilk, 1 egg, 12 cup butter, melted, 2 12 cups cooked chicken breast, cut into bitesized pieces, 14 cup yellow onion, chopped, 12 cup celery, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 can cream of chicken soup, 1 34 cup chicken broth, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 629: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSpread chili or beans over bottom of baking dish. Spread softened cream cheese on top. Layer tomatoes, jalapenos, red onion and cheese. Bake for 20 minutes or until bubbly. Top with scallions and serve with chips, ingredients: [1 cup leftover chili or canned refried beans, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 cup chopped tomato, 12 cup coarsely chopped jalapenos, 12 cup finely chopped red onion, 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese, 12 cup sliced scallions], title: Nacho Layer Dip, picturelink: null}, 630: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F with the racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven.nIn a small bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Slowly add egg and continue mixing. Slowly add flour mixture, oats, peaches, walnuts, and white chocolate chips. Mix until combined.nLine 2 sheet trays with parchment. With wet hands make 20 balls from the dough placing evenly among sheet trays. Press down on cookie dough with palm of your hand to make a flat circle.nBake for 10 to 12 minutes or until golden and still a bit tender in the center. Remove from oven and let sit on sheet trays 1 minute. Remove to cooling racks to cool completely., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch salt, 1 stick butter, softened, 14 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 1 12 cups rolled oats, 12 cup chopped dried peaches, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 12 cup white chocolate chips], title: Peaches and Cream Oatmeal Cookies, picturelink: .xpkfJRzhjjuqG3eyNdw5YDdKVvF1yy}, 631: {instructions: Make the slaw: Mix the mayonnaise, relish and lemon juice in a large bowl. Add the coleslaw mix and scallions season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nFill a large bowl halfway with ice water and 1 tablespoon salt. Butterfly the shrimp: Make a deep cut down the back of each shrimp so it can be splayed open. Soak in the ice water, 5 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, place the saltines in a large resealable plastic bag and finely crush with a rolling pin transfer to a bowl. Mix the flour and Old Bay Seasoning in another bowl. Lightly beat the eggs in a third bowl. Dredge the shrimp in the seasoned flour, dip in the eggs and press into the crushed crackers, splaying each one open to coat inside the incision. Transfer to a plate, cover and refrigerate until ready to fry.nHeat 34 inch vegetable oil in a large heavybottomed skillet over high heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Fry the shrimp in batches, turning once, until golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season with salt. Serve with lemon wedges and the slaw.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sweet pickle relish, Juice of 1 lemon, plus lemon wedges for serving, 8 cups coleslaw mix or shredded cabbage, 2 scallions, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 24 extralarge shrimp about 1 12 pounds, peeled and deveined, 1 12 sleeves saltines about 60 crackers, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon Old Bay Seasoning, 4 large eggs, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Fried Shrimp With Tartar Slaw, picturelink: 8ZSWoXE1j7h6aXhbbQFRGCCg7brGmm}, 632: {instructions: Puree the grapes in a blender then strain through a sieve, pressing on the solids to extract as much juice as possible. You should have about 2 12 cups of juice.nPreheat the oven to 400 degree Fahrenheit. Season the chicken on all sides with salt, pepper and fennel spice.nHeat a large ovenproof skillet over moderately high heat. When the skillet is hot, add the olive oil. Add the chicken breasts, skin side down, and brown well on all sides, about seven minutes total. Transfer the skillet to the oven and cook until the chicken is done throughout, 12 to 15 minutes.nTransfer the chicken to a serving platter and pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the fat in the skillet. Add the shallot to the skillet and return to moderate heat. Cook until softened, then add the rosemary and cook briefly to release its fragrance. Add 2 cups of the grape juice and simmer briskly until reduced by half. Add the stock and any collected juices from the chicken platter and simmer until the mixture has reduced to a creamy, saucelike consistency. The total volume of the sauce will be a little more than 1 cup.nCut the chicken breasts in half with a heavy knife or cleaver and return them to the platter. Spoon the sauce over and around them. Serve immediately.nPut the fennel seed, coriander seed and peppercorns in a small, heavy skillet over moderate heat. Watching carefully, toss the seeds frequently so they toast evenly. When they are light brown and fragrant, pour them onto a plate to cool. They must be cool before grinding, or they will gum up the blender blades.nPour the cooled seeds into a blender and add the salt. Blend to a powder, removing the blender from its stand and shaking it occasionally to redistribute the seeds. Store in an airtight container away from light and heat for up to 4 months. or freeze for up to 1 year., ingredients: [2 pounds seedless red grapes, 4 large bonein chicken breasts, skin on, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons fennel spice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup thinly sliced shallot, 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary, 12 cup chicken stock or canned lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup fennel seed, 3 tablespoons coriander seed, 2 tablespoons white peppercorns, 3 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Chicken a la Vendemmia, picturelink: DcZVmruTx988ix2SHyArCUkF4qXLG6}, 633: {instructions: Put the stock in a large saucepan.nStir together the leek, carrot, and parsley in bowl of a food processor. Add the ground chicken, egg whites, and 2 tablespoons water. Pulse to mix well. Stir this mixture into the stock in a saucepot.nBring the stock very slowly to the boil, stirring constantly. The egg mixture will congeal and form a raft on the top of the stock, collecting all the impurities from the stock. As soon as it begins to boil, stop stirring and turn the heat down to low. A hole will have formed on the top of the raft. Make it slightly larger with a spoon, and then simmer the stock very gently for 45 minutes. Remove the saucepot from the heat and let stand 5 minutes.nLine a sieve with a double layer of cheesecloth. Using a skimmer, lift off as much egg white from the top of the consomme as you can, and discard. Ladle the consomme into the lined strainer and let it drip through in its own good time. Dont be tempted to press it or youll make it cloudy.nWhen it has all dripped through, season and taste the consomme. Season the consomme with salt, if needed. Serve hot or cold with the garnish of your choice., ingredients: [6 cups unsalted, homemade chicken stock or prepared chicken stock, cold, 1 small leek, well washed, trimmed and minced, 1 small carrot, grated, 3 fresh parsley sprigs, minced, 8 ounces ground chicken breast, 2 egg whites, Kosher salt], title: Chicken Consomme with Snipped Herbs, picturelink: null}, 634: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, combine the salt, pepper and garlic powder. In a large bowl, toss the wings with the salt mixture to evenly coat.nPreheat a gas grill to medium heat about 350 degrees F.nPlace the wings on the grill, crowding them together so that they are all touching this goes against the conventional wisdom of giving meat room so it doesnt steamu00bfyou want them to steam so that they stay moist. Grill, flipping the wings every 5 minutes, for a total of 20 minutes of cooking.nIn the meantime, heat the butter, hot sauce, vinegar and honey in a saucepan over low heat and whisk to combine.nIn a clean large bowl, toss the wings with the sauce. Turn the heat up on the grill to medium high. Use tongs to remove the wings from the sauce and put them back on the grill until the skins crisp, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Put the wings back in the bowl with the sauce, toss and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 3 pounds whole chicken wings, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup hot sauce, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Grilled Buffalo Wings, picturelink: SW6ds8yO7BJtR5fqIqxcovqQObTaoQi}, 635: {instructions: Peel the potatoes, cut them into 1inch cubes and place them in a large pot of boiling salted water. Simmer uncovered for 10 to 12 minutes, until the potatoes are tender. Drain the potatoes in a colander and then return them to the pot.nMeanwhile, heat the milk and butter in a small saucepan until the butter is melted.nUsing a hand held mixer, break the potatoes up and at low speed slowly add the hot milkbutter mixture to make the potatoes very creamy. Add the sour cream, 2 teaspoons of salt and the pepper and whisk to combine. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 pounds boiling potatoes, such as Yukon Gold, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups whole milk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup sour cream, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Classic Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: ANeKTHlNHF4mnbU4CjH1nPPLvTgX2G}, 636: {instructions: Steam asparagus on a steamer rack set over boiling water, covered, until just tender, 3 to 5 minutes depending on thickness, then transfer to a bowl of ice water to stop cooking. Drain well and pat dry with paper towels.nWhisk together vinegar, shallot, mustard, salt, and pepper in a small bowl and add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Whisk in tarragon.nHalve egg and force each half through a coarse sieve into a bowl. Toss asparagus with 1 tablespoon vinaigrette and divide among 4 plates. Spoon remaining dressing over asparagus and top with egg., ingredients: [1 12 pounds medium asparagus, trimmed and peeled, 1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons minced shallot, 14 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon, 1 large egg, hardboiled], title: Asparagus with Tarragon Sherry Vinaigrette, picturelink: nA7V5iQqaFcIEQQ0MKqVdUioieXjPu}, 637: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nChop your garlic and veggies.nCook bacon in a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat until crisp. Wipe excess grease from pan and return skillet to heat.nWhile bacon cooks, combine turkey meat, garlic, shallot or onion, thyme, cilantro or parsley, bell pepper, serrano or jalapeno pepper, cumin, hot pepper sauce, grill seasoning or salt and pepper. Divide mixture into 4 equal mounds then form meat into patties. Drizzle patties with vegetable oil to coat. Cook in skillet over medium high heat for 5 to 6 minutes on each side. Place sliced cheese over the patties in the last 2 minutes of cooking, use 1 or 2 slices for each patty, as you like.nPile cooked cheeseburgers into buns. Spread sweet relish or jelly on bun tops and set red leaf lettuce into place, using the relish or jelly as glue. Top cheeseburgers with 2 slices of cooked, crisp bacon or turkey bacon and lettluce. Then serve with tortilla chips, tossed salad andor spicy onuts., ingredients: [8 slices turkey bacon or turkey bacon with black pepper or applewood smoked bacon, 1 13 pounds ground turkey breast, the average weight of 1 package, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large shallot or 14 red onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves or 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, optional  parsley may be substituted, 12 small bell pepper, green, red or yellow, seeded and finely chopped, 1 serrano or jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 2 teaspoons, 23 palm full, ground cumin, 1 to 2 teaspoons cayenne hot sauce, several drops recommended: Tabasco, 2 teaspoons grill seasoning blend recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, Vegetable oil or olive oil, for drizzling, 12 pound deli sliced pepper jack cheese, 4 crusty kaiser rolls, split, 1 cup sweet red pepper relish, found on condiment aisle  pepper jelly may be substituted, Red leaf lettuce, Spicy Onuts, recipe follows], title: Southwest Turkey Burgers, picturelink: IoiZoLsC3UvTIATNETnefE7.gfjmGG}, 638: {instructions: Place the red pepper over a gas flame on the stovetop to char it or blacken it under the broiler. Then place in a bowl and cover. Once cool, peel, seed and chop.nHeat a drizzle of EVOO in a Dutch oven or deep skillet. Add the chorizo and render for a few minutes.nMeanwhile, heat a drizzle of EVOO and the butter in a saucepot over medium heat. Add the pasta to the pot and toast to golden. Add the rice and saffron and about 2 12 cups of the chicken stock. Bring to a boil and sprinkle with salt. Cover the pot and cook the rice to tender, 17 to 18 minutes.nAdd the garlic, chiles and onions to the chorizo and cook to tender, 7 to 8 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and deglaze the pan with the sherry. Next, add the beans, roasted peppers, kale, 1 cup of the chicken stock and a few grates of nutmeg and cover to wilt the greens.nServe the rice in shallow bowls and top with the sausage and beans., ingredients: [1 red bell pepper, EVOO, for drizzling, 12 ounces Spanish chorizo, diced into bitesize pieces, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup broken spaghetti, 1 cup longgrain rice, 1 healthy pinch saffron about 24 threads, 1 quart chicken stock, Kosher salt, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 to 2 red Fresno chile peppers, sliced, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 cup dry sherry or 12 cup white wine, One 15ounce can white beans or chickpeas, drained, 1 small bundle black or Tuscan kale, stripped and chopped or shredded, Freshly grated nutmeg], title: Rice and Beans, Spanish Style, picturelink: cuWZufVccW.19M8ZC.B8fVOZlhPXYk2}, 639: {instructions: In a large pot melt the butter over medium flame, add shallots and garlic and saute for 5 minutes. Add fennel or celery and continue to saute for 2 minutes. Add the mussels and raise the heat to high. When mussels begin to open, add the wine, salt, pepper and bring the mixture to a boil, cover and cook until all mussels open up. Discard any unopened ones. Stir in half of the garlic butter, the parsley and the chopped fennel fronds. Serve with remaining garlic butter on the side.nPlace all in the food processor and blend for 20 seconds until well mixed, or blend in a bowl. Cover and place in refrigerator until ready to use., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 5 shallots, sliced, 3 garlic cloves, sliced, 1 fennel bulb, sliced thinly and fronds chopped or 1 cup chopped celery, 2 to 3 pounds mussels, well rinsed and beards removed, 5 cups dry white wine, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, Garlic Herb Butter, recipe follows, 12 cup Italian parsley leave, chopped, 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 4 tablespoons minced Italian parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon minced tarragon leaves, 2 tablespoons minced basil leaves, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground pepper], title: Moules Mariniere with Garlic Herb Butter, picturelink: null}, 640: {instructions: Special equipment: a large punch bowlnMix the cranberry juice, orange juice and pineapple juice in a bowl or large pitcher. Gently stir to combine. Fill 2 ice cube trays with punch and freeze until solid, about 3 hours. Place remaining punch in the refrigerator to chill.nTransfer the punch to a punch bowl and stir in the ice cubes, vodka, strawberries and pineapple. Divide the punch among 6 glasses, add a splash of seltzer to each glass and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups cranberry juice, 1 12 cups orange juice, 1 12 cups pineapple juice, 34 cup vodka, 1 cup sliced strawberries, 1 cup coarsely chopped pineapple, 1 quart sparkling water], title: Knockout Punch, picturelink: ZIbqJqU99yeQnvk3KPKlr2XUQUeSOHi}, 641: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the garlic and olive oil in a small saucepan over low heat. Gently simmer, stirring occasionally, until the garlic is lightly golden and crisp, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the heat transfer the garlic to a paper towellined plate using a slotted spoon and season with salt. Reserve the garlic oil.nToss the Brussels sprouts with the reserved garlic oil on a baking sheet and spread in an even layer season with salt and pepper. Roast until the Brussels sprouts are tender and slightly charred, 30 to 35 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the vinegar, brown sugar, honey and bay leaf in the saucepan and whisk until combined. Simmer over mediumhigh heat, whisking occasionally, until slightly syrupy, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the heat let cool until thick and glossy, about 6 minutes. Remove the bay leaf.nTransfer the Brussels sprouts to a platter spoon the vinegarhoney syrup on top and sprinkle with the fried garlic and shaved cheese just before serving. The Brussels sprouts can be made up to 2 hours ahead. Serve at room temperature.nPhotograph by Chris Court, ingredients: [8 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 2 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed and halved, Freshly ground pepper, 34 cup white balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 bay leaf, Shaved pecorino romano or parmesan cheese, for topping], title: Brussels Sprouts with Balsamic Honey, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 642: {instructions: Heat oil to 375 degrees in electric fryer or in a large, deep heavy pan on stove top. Roll vegetables in flour and shake off excess. Dip vegetables into batter and carefully place in oil to fry. Remove from oil when golden brown. Place on paper towels to drain. Serve with dipping sauce.nCombine all ingredients in bowl. Stir to combine. Serve with deepfried vegetables., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, Zucchini, sliced into 12inch slices, Broccoli florets, Flour, Carrots, 14inch dice, Cauliflower florets, Tempura batter, 2 scallions, sliced, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon ginger, grated], title: Vegetable Tempura, picturelink: null}, 643: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the cut sweet potatoes and beets with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on a parchmentlined baking sheet and bake until vegetables are golden, about 25 to 30 minutes, stirring every 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a medium skillet over mediumlow heat, add the bacon and render the fat until the bacon is crispy. Add the onions and season with salt, and continue to cook until the onions start to caramelize and turn golden, about 10 minutes. Add the roasted sweet potatoes and beets to the pan and stir to combine cooking another 5 minutes. Taste and adjust the seasoning, if necessary and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large sweet potato, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, 1 large fresh beet, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 slice bacon, cut into lardons, 1 small onion, diced], title: Sweet PotatoBeet Hash, picturelink: 4rpkgVNaNnnbg3bQxfOfKjoaIb5ZSG}, 644: {instructions: To make the pastry: combine the flour, sugar, and salt in a large mixing bowl. Add the butter and mix with a pastry blender or hands until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Make a well in the middle of the pastry. Combine the egg yolk with the ice water in a small bowl, whisking to blend pour it into the well and work it in to bind the dough until it holds together without being too wet or sticky. Squeeze a small amount together, if it is crumbly, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Form the dough into a disk and wrap in plastic refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nRoll out the pastry on a lightly floured surface into a 12inch circle, about 14inch thick. Carefully roll the dough up onto the pin this may take a little practice and lay it inside a 9inch tart pan with a removable bottom. Press the dough into the pan so it fits tightly press the edges into the sides of the pan. It is important to press the dough evenly into every nook and corner of the ring, especially the scalloped edges. Shave off the excess hanging dough with a knife. Put the tart in the refrigerator for 15 minutes to relax.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the tart pan on a sturdy cookie sheet so it will be easy to move in and out of the oven. Line the tart with aluminum foil and add pie weights or dried beans to keep the sides of the tart from buckling. Bake for 30 minutes, then remove the foil and weights. Using a pastry brush, lightly coat the crust with a beaten egg white. Return to the oven and continue to bake for another 8 minutes until the tart is golden in color, but not brown. Remember the tart will be cooked again with the filling. It should be cooked but light in color so that it will not burn on the second bake. Set aside to cool and lower the oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nTo make the filling: Heat the heavy cream and milk in a pot over mediumlow flame, until it simmers slightly around the edges. Remove from the heat add the chopped chocolate and stir until melted and smoothed out. Add the sugar and salt and whisk until well incorporated. Beat the eggs in a small bowl until blended and add them to the chocolate mixture, stir until completely blended. Pour the filling into the cooled tart shell and bake at 325 degrees F for 15 to 20 minutes until the filling is set and the surface is glossy. If you see any bubbles or cracks forming on the surface, take the tart out right away  that means it is beginning to become over baked. Cool before cutting., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cold and cut into small chunks, 1 large egg, separated, 2 tablespoons ice water, plus more if needed, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup milk, 10 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, at room temperature], title: Chocolate Tart, picturelink: zfUmT5FeqqdmAadCVTDDeY4Ujcdb64e}, 645: {instructions: Combine the cinnamon stick, vanilla bean, 1 cup of the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Place over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until the sugar is dissolved, 5 to 8 minutes. Turn off the heat and allow to cool to room temperature, about 10 minutes.nPour the cooled syrup into a pitcher. Add the horchata, lime juice and mezcal. Stir to combine.nIn a small, shallow dish, combine the remaining 14 cup sugar and the ground cinnamon. Dip the rims of cocktail glasses into the horchata cocktail mixture, then into the cinnamon sugar. Add ice to the sugarrimmed glasses. Add the horchata cocktail and garnish with lime wedges. Drink up, ingredients: [1 Mexican cinnamon stick, 1 vanilla bean, split, 1 14 cups sugar, 2 cups storebought horchata, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, from about 4 limes, plus lime wedges, for garnish, 12 cup mezcal, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Horchata, Lime and Mezcal Cocktail, picturelink: lmeQQlphaqIUkQP2HfsiTK2xTktIPK}, 646: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumlow heat.nChop the salmon meat by using a knife or a food processor, being careful not to pulverize the meat. Mix the salmon meat with cilantro, ginger, lemongrass, garlic and salt. Form little patties directly onto the skewers using your hands. Make sure the patties are firmly attached to the skewers before putting them onto the grill.nBrush the grill with olive oil. Grill the skewers until salmon is just cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove the kebabs from the grill and serve immediately with plain yogurt or favorite yogurt dip., ingredients: [1 pound salmon belly or tail meat, 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons finely chopped lemongrass, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes, Olive oil, for brushing, Plain yogurt or prepared yogurt dip, for serving], title: Salmon Kefta Kebabs, picturelink: blh6Ptn2k5pXnOqgrBljolnGWPjdm}, 647: {instructions: Combine the flour, ginger, salt and baking soda in a mixing bowl. Stir with a fork until the dry ingredients are well mixed. Add the melted butter, sugar, buttermilk and egg all at once and stir only until the batter is completely moistened but still lumpy.nHeat a greased griddle or skillet over medium heat. Using a serving spoon, drop about 1 12 tablespoons batter onto the griddle. The batter is thick, so you may have to spread it a little with the back of the spoon after dropping onto griddle. Cook over medium heat, and turn the pancakes as soon as they hold together when you slide a spatula under them.nKeep pancakes warm in a low oven until ready to serve and top with a spoonful of Peach Topping.nPut the sliced peaches in a saucepan and add the sugar, water and cardamom. Cook over medium heat, stirring often, for about 10 minutes, or until the fruit is soft and syrup is thick. Taste and add more sugar if the fruit is too tart. Remove from heat and stir in the lemon juice. Place a spoonful of peaches onto Ginger Pancakes., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 2 ripe peaches, seeded and sliced, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Ginger Pancakes with Peach Topping, picturelink: null}, 648: {instructions: Preheat deep fryer with peanut oil to 350 degrees F.nMix the 2 teaspoons salt, smoked paprika, and garlic powder together in a small bowl.nAdd chicken wings and toss to coat.nMelt the butter in medium saucepan over medium heat with the garlic.nStir in peach preserves, hot sauce, and soy sauce. Cook until syrupy and thick, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl.nAdd the wings to the deep fryer and fry until cooked through and golden and crisp, 12 to 15 minutes. You will need to do this in 2 batches so you dont overcrowd your fryer.nRemove the wings from the fryer and drain on a paper towellined baking tray.nAdd the fried wings to the large bowl of sauce and toss until well combined and wings are well coated. Using a slotted spoon, remove the wings to a platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 3 pounds chicken wings, cut at joint, 12 stick 2 ounces butter, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup peach preserves, 14 cup hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 tablespoon soy sauce], title: Pats Spicy Peach Hot Wings, picturelink: GEuBING4uJR6lqiYK0KtiAdI8ER8d06}, 649: {instructions: In a bowl combine several spoonfuls of ice cream with your favorite fillings. Work together with two spoons and work with small batches so it doesnt melt on you. Place and even layer of ice cream on top of bottom layer of cookie and then top with another cookie.nPlace cookie immediately in a freezer. Repeat until all cookies are done. Allow cookies to set in freezer at least two hours., ingredients: [32 soft, uniform size cookies, 1 qt. vanilla ice cream, 2 cups various fillings such as maple nuts, dried fruit, crushed candy bars, etc.], title: Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 650: {instructions: Thinly slice the tuna steak sashimistyle. Place the thin layers of tuna on a plate. Remove the rind and pith of 12 an orange, then slice and quarter. Remove the rind and pith of 12 a grapefruit, then slice and quarter. Lay the orange and grapefruit quarters on top of the tuna.nJuice the remaining orange half into a small bowl and whisk in the soy sauce and lemon juice. Drizzle the sauce over the tuna and citrus. Sprinkle the tuna with chopped mint and diced jalapenos.nIn a small saute pan, heat the oil over high heat and quickly fry the rice noodles for 1 minute. Sprinkle them over the top and serve., ingredients: [1 ahi yellowfin tuna steak about 4 to 6 ounces, 1 small orange, halved 12 sliced with rind and white pith removed, other 12 juiced, 12 small grapefruit, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 sprig fresh mint, finely chopped, 2 jalapenos, seeded and finely diced, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 12 dry thin rice noodles, lightly broken up], title: Spicy Tuna Sashimi, picturelink: EhGi.RdzBmFucgbSRaZUBLDRDJom5m}, 651: {instructions: Remove stems from strawberries. Place strawberries on cookie sheet and freeze until solid. In a food processor combine cream, sugar, lemon juice, and frozen berries. Blend until smooth and remove to 9 x 9inch glass dish. Freeze again until firm. Serve., ingredients: [1 pint strawberries, 13 cup sugar, 2 cups light cream, very cold, Juice of half a lemon], title: Strawberry Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 652: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a muffin tin with butterflavored cooking spray set aside.nLay a stack of 5 sheets of phyllo dough on a flat surface. Spray between each sheet of phyllo with cooking spray. Use a knife to cut 5 by 5inch squares. Take stacked cut squares and fit into muffin cups. Lay out and spray another 5 sheets if necessary. Tightly wrap and refreeze any unused phyllo dough.nPlace phyllo cups in preheated oven and bake for 8 to 10 minutes, until lightly browned. Remove and cool completely.nIn a medium mixing bowl combine pudding mix and soy milk. Whisk for 2 minutes or until pudding thickens. Stir in cinnamon and almond extract. Cover and refrigerate for 5 to 10 minutes.nOnce pudding is set, stir peach chunks and whipped topping into bowl until just combined.nSpoon mixture into cooled phyllo cups. Garnish with dried cranberries., ingredients: [1 8ounce package phyllo dough recommended: Athens, 1 1ounce package sugarfree, fatfree white chocolate pudding and pie filling recommended: JellO, 1 12 cups light soymilk recommended: Soy Dream, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 1 15ounce can raspberryflavored chunky peaches, drained recommended: Del Monte, 1 cup fatfree whipped topping, 2 tablespoons dried cranberries], title: Spiced Peaches and Cranberries in Phyllo Cups, picturelink: usF6mH0BDuCmLhUbJqPmQBI.yXUSfYu}, 653: {instructions: Cut the celeriac in half through the top and slice each half into 18 inch thick slices. Cut the slices, stacked 2 or 3 together into 18 inch wide julienne. In a mixing bowl, toss the julienne with the lemon juice. In another mixing bowl combine the mayonnaise with the mustard and season to taste with salt and pepper. Stir this sauce with the celeriac and parsley. Taste and adjust seasoning., ingredients: [1 large celeriac 1 12 to 2 pounds without greens, peeled with a knife, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 34 cup basic mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, or more to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon parsley, chopped finely optional], title: Celeriac Remoulade, picturelink: null}, 654: {instructions: Make the dough: Fill a liquid measuring cup or small bowl with 12 cup warm not hot water. Add the yeast and sugar and stir with a fork let sit 15 minutes. The top of the water will bubble and it will smell very yeastythis is what you wantnCombine the flour and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center of the flour and pour in the olive oil and the yeast mixture.nUsing a fork, gradually stir the flour into the yeast mixture until mostly combined, then mix with your hands to bring the dough together. Turn out onto a clean surface.nKnead the dough until smooth, dusting with flour as needed. Lightly oil a bowl add the dough, cover with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nPrep the toppings: For prosciuttoarugula pizzas, make the chile oil: Bring the chiles and olive oil to a simmer remove from the heat and let steep 1 hour. This makes extra oil store in a sealed container for up to 1 week.nFor puttanesca pizzas, make the topping: Mix the tomatoes, olives, capers and red pepper flakes in a bowl add salt and drizzle with olive oil.nPreheat the grill: Preheat a grill to medium high you dont want it to be too hot or the crusts will burn before the cheese melts. Brush the grill to remove any crud.nRoll out the dough: Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and divide into 6 equal pieces. Roll each piece into a ball.nUse a rolling pin to roll out each ball into an irregular oval, dusting with flour as needed.nFor crackerthin crusts, use your hands to gently stretch the dough even more.nStack the dough between layers of plastic wrap and head to the grill or wrap and refrigerate overnight.nGrill the crusts: Oil the grill Anne uses a rolledup towel and tongs, then carefully add a few pieces of dough.nGrill until the top is bubbly and the bottom is marked, about 2 minutes.nFlip with tongs and grill until just marked on the other side. Remove from the grill and transfer to baking sheets repeat with the remaining dough.nAdd the toppings: Working on the baking sheets, top the crusts with parmigiano and prosciutto, or top with taleggio and the puttanesca mixture return to the grill. Crack an egg directly onto each prosciutto pizza, if you want. Cover the grill and cook until the cheese melts and the eggs are set, 2 to 3 minutes.nFinish the pizzas: Remove from the grill and top the prosciutto pizzas with arugula drizzle with the prepared chile oil. Top the puttanesca pizzas with chives.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 5 to 6 Fresno chile peppers, roughly chopped, 1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 8 ounces parmigianoreggiano cheese, shaved with a peeler, 4 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, 6 large eggs optional, 2 cups baby arugula, 2 plum tomatoes, diced, 14 cup pitted gaeta olives, sliced, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, Pinch of red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 8 ounces taleggio cheese, chopped, Chopped chives, for topping], title: Grilled Pizzettas, picturelink: rkgLy1WBMWhnpRdXdmbyASq19sLqsZW}, 655: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial Equipment: assorted animalshaped cookie cutters, about 4 to 5inches longnDecorating suggestion: multicolored sprinkles, colored decorating sugar, mini chocolate chips, small candies, mini marshmallowsnFor the cookies: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine the cookie dough and flour until smooth. On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough to 14inch thick. Using animalshaped cookie cutters, cut out shapes from the dough and arrange, about 2inches apart, on the prepared baking sheets. Form the scraps of dough into a ball, roll out to 14inch thick, and continue to cut out animal shapes. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes until the edges are lightly golden brown. Cool for 2 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely, about 15 minutes.nFor the frosting: In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter until smooth, about 20 seconds. Add the powdered sugar, vanilla extract and 14 cup water. Beat on low speed until combined. Increase the speed to high and beat until the mixture is smooth, adding more water, as needed, 1 teaspoon at a time, until the frosting is spreadable. Divide the frosting between 3 small bowls. Color the frosting by mixing in 1 drop of food coloring at a time, until the desired color is reached. Spread the frosting over the cooled cookies and decorate.nCooks Note: If using natural food coloring such as Seelect brand, be sure to shake the bottle before adding the coloring to the frosting., ingredients: [1 16.5ounce tube refrigerated sugar cookie dough recommended: Pillsbury, 14 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 1 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 pound powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 cup water, plus extra, as needed, Assorted food coloring see Cooks Note], title: Animal Sugar Cookies, picturelink: avQTYqDOxALt8kHcBWB2EEjEztd7ote}, 656: {instructions: Trim the tops off 2 heads of garlic sprinkle with olive oil and salt. Wrap in foil and roast at 350 degrees F, about 40 minutes. Squeeze the garlic out of its skin and mix with 1 grated tomato and 2 tablespoons grated parmesan season with salt, pepper and fresh thyme. Grill 4 ears of corn, turning, about 12 minutes. Cover with the tomato mixture.nPhotograph by Kate Sears, ingredients: [], title: TomatoGarlic Corn, picturelink: dvGTo250LMCXDnlimm3AUth4I1pNql.}, 657: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nWith a rolling pin flatten each slice of bread and with a 2 14inch round cookie cutter stamp out 2 rounds from each slice. With the rolling pin flatten the rounds, brush them with butter, and fit them into 36 buttered 18cup gem tins. Brush the bread with the melted butter and bake the shells in the oven for 6 minutes, or until they are pale golden. Cool the shells in the tins on cooling racks for 5 minutes, then remove the shells from the tins, and let them cool completely on the racks.nMake the filling: In a saucepan melt the butter over moderate heat, add the flour, and cook the mixture over moderately low heat, whisking, for 2 minutes. Add the halfandhalf in a stream, bring the mixture to a boil, whisking, and simmer the mixture over moderately low heat, whisking for 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, add the Cheddar, ham, and mustard, and season with cayenne and salt, to taste, and stir the mixture until it is combined well.nSpoon 14 teaspoon of the chutney into each shell and top the chutney with a rounded teaspoon of the cheese mixture. Arrange the filled shells on a jellyroll pan and freeze them for about 30 minutes or until the filling is just firms to the touch. Transfer the shells to resealable freezer bags, arranging them in 1 layer. Seal the bags, pressing out the air, and freeze the bites for up to 1 month.nTo reheat: Arrange the shells on a baking sheet and sprinkle them with the additional Cheddar. Bake the bites in a preheated 375 degree F oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the filling is heated through. Run the bites under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 30 seconds to 1 minute, or until the tops are golden., ingredients: [9 slices homemadestyle white bread, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup grated sharp Cheddar, plus more, for garnish, 12 cup finely diced smoked ham, 2 teaspoons Dijonstyle mustard, Cayenne, Salt, 14 to 13 cup chopped drained mango chutney], title: Cheddar, Ham and Chutney Bites, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 658: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the oats, nuts, coconut, and brown sugar.nIn a separate bowl, combine maple syrup, oil, and salt. Combine both mixtures and pour onto 2 sheet pans. Cook for 1 hour and 15 minutes, stirring every 15 minutes to achieve an even color.nRemove from oven and transfer into a large bowl. Add raisins and mix until evenly distributed., ingredients: [3 cups rolled oats, 1 cup slivered almonds, 1 cup cashews, 34 cup shredded sweet coconut, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 14 cup vegetable oil, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 cup raisins], title: Granola, picturelink: gKlCzlz0nAMUV790CVgbrM3zRsXAhC}, 659: {instructions: Heat a gas grill to high.nFor the tomatocucumber salsa: Combine the tomatoes, serrano chiles, cucumbers and onions in a medium bowl. Add the olive oil and vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Toss in the dill and mint.nFor the lamb: Mix together the apricot preserves, vinegar, chipotle puree and salt and pepper in a small bowl.nBrush the lamb with canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill, covered, until nicely charred, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip, brush with the apricot glaze, cover and cook until a meat thermometer inserted in the thickest part reads 125 degrees F for medium rare, another 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board, brush with more glaze and let rest 10 minutes.nWhile the lamb rests, grill the tortillas for a few seconds on each side keep warm. Slice the lamb into 12inchthick slices. Brush each tortilla with a little of the glaze, put a few slices of lamb into each, top with the salsa and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 plum tomatoes, diced, 1 serrano chile, finely diced, 12 English cucumber, diced, 12 small red onion, diced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, 14 cup chopped fresh mint, 12 cup apricot preserves, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chipotle in adobo puree, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds boneless lamb loin, Canola oil, for brushing lamb, 8 to 12 flour or corn tortillas 8inch size], title: ApricotSmoked Chile Glaze Lamb Tacos with TomatoCucumber Salsa, picturelink: null}, 660: {instructions: Crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a bowl, mix the ingredients together. Thickly butter a 9 or 10inch springform pan and press the mixture into the bottom of the pan. Refrigerate, uncovered, while you make the filling.nFilling: In a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, mix the ricotta, sour cream, egg yolks, and flour until smooth the mixture will remain a bit grainy from the ricotta. Add the sugar, lemon juice, and vanilla and blend until creamy. Fold in the raisins.nIn a clean dry bowl, whip the egg whites until stiff but not dry. Fold them into the filling mixture. Pour into the prepared pan and bake until the top of the cake is set and dry to the touch, though still a bit soft in the center, 70 to 80 minutes. It should shimmy a bit when you shake the pan it will firm up more as it cools. Let cool in the pan. The cake will deflate a bit as it cools. Cover and refrigerate the cake at least 2 hours. Or refrigerate until ready to serve, up to 48 hours. Remove the sides of the pan and serve cold., ingredients: [1 14 cups grahamcracker crumbs pulse 8 to 10 whole crackers in the food processor or use store bought crumbs, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, cooled, and pulsed in the food processor until coarsely ground, 12 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 2 pounds fresh whole milk ricotta, 1 13 cups sour cream, 6 eggs, separated, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup raisins], title: Ricotta Raisin Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 661: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat.nFor the filet mignon: Sprinkle both sides of the steak with ample amounts of salt and pepper. Add the olive oil to the skillet and then add the steaks. Sear each side until a nice char appears and the steak is mediumrare 125 to 130 degrees F, 5 to 6 minutes. Let the meat rest for 10 to 15 minutes.nFor the crostini: Drizzle each side of the baguette slices with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until lightly golden, 7 to 10 minutes. Once toasted, schmear a thin layer of gorgonzola on each crostini.nFor the crostini build: Thinly slice the rested steak and top each gorgonzolaschmeared crostini with slice or 2 of filet. Spoon a bit of Rosemary Pesto on top and garnish with the tomato slices and sea salt. Seal the deal with a little Dean Martin and a good glass of wine.nIn a food processor, process the herbs, Romano cheese, nuts, garlic and some salt and pepper until smooth. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a spatula and, with the motor running, stream in the olive oil. Taste and adjust the seasoning as necessary., ingredients: [One 12ounce filet mignon steaks, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 slices French baguette, sliced on the bias 12inch thick, toasted, Olive oil, for drizzling on crostini, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 4 ounces gorgonzola dolce, Rosemary Pesto, recipe follows, 10 to 12 cherry tomatoes, sliced into rounds, Sea salt, for garnish, 1 12 cups packed fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 14 cup grated Romano cheese, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted, 3 cloves garlic, cooked in boiling water for 5 minutes, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Filet Mignon Crostini with Rosemary Pesto, picturelink: null}, 662: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMix first seven ingredients together and form into 112inch balls. Place on cookie sheet and bake in oven for 20 25 minutes until done. Then, place in a slow cooker on low.nPlace vinegar, pineapple juice, soy sauce and brown sugar in sauce pan. Stir in cornstarch and bring to boil. Pour over meatballs. Carefully stir in pineapple and green pepper. Keeps well in a slow cooker for several hours., ingredients: [1 pound hamburger, 12 cup plain dry bread crumbs, 14 cup milk, 2 T. chopped onion, 1 tsp. salt, 12 tsp Worcestershire sauce, 1 egg, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 T. cornstarch, 1can 13  oz pineapple chunks, drained save juice, 13 cup cider vinegar, 1 T. soy sauce, 1 small green pepper, cut into julienne], title: Sweet and Sour Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 663: {instructions: Rinse and drain blackeyed peas. Place in medium heavy saucepan and add onion halves with cloves, bay leaf and enough water to cover by an inch. Bring to the boil, reduce to barely a simmer, cover and cook 20 minutes. Add 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon ground pepper, and a little more water if none is visible when you tilt the pan, and cook, covered, another 2030 minutes until beans are creamy inside but still intact. Drain and remove onions and bay leaf. Let cool.nMeanwhile, bring large pot of water to the boil. Add 2 tablespoons salt and 5 corn cobs. Cook corn 23 minutes. Remove corn and repeat with remaining cobs. Let cobs cool, then carefully cut corn from cob with sharp knife. Place cut corn in a medium bowl and add diced zucchini and squash, tomatoes, and scallions. Place vinegar in a small bowl and whisk in yogurt along with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Drizzle in olive oil while whisking so as to form an emulsion. Pour dressing over corn and vegetables. Add cooled blackeyed peas and chopped parsley. Stir gently to combine and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups dried blackeyed peas, 1 onion, peeled, cut in half and stuck with two cloves, 1 bay leaf, 2 teaspoons salt plus 2 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 10 ears fresh corn, shucked, 2 tablespoons salt, 3 thin zucchini, diced, 4 crookneck yellow squash, diced, 8 Italian Roma tomatoes, cored and diced, 1 bunch scallions, washed and sliced thinly at an angle, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 12 cup plain yogurt, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 bunch flat leaf parsley, washed, leaves chopped coarsely], title: BlackEyed Peas, Corn and Squash Salad, picturelink: null}, 664: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a glass 9by13inch baking pan and line it with 2 overlapping pieces of parchment paper so the paper comes up over the edges of the pan. Butter the paper.nMake the brownies: Place a small pot of water over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Place a heatproof bowl over the simmering water, add the butter and chocolate and gently melt them together, stirring to combine. This can also be done in the microwave heat in 15second intervals.nTransfer the chocolatebutter mixture to a large mixing bowl. Add the brown and granulated sugars, eggs, vanilla and salt and whisk together. Add the flour and gently whisk to combine, then pour into the prepared baking pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out somewhat clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Let the brownies cool completely in the pan.nMake the buttercream: Combine the cream cheese and butter in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat until smooth. Add the creme de menthe and beat until combined. Gradually add the confectioners sugar and beat until smooth and fluffy.nSpread the buttercream over the brownies, then refrigerate until firm. Use the parchment to remove the brownies from the baking dish. Slice into bars.nPhotograph by Jon PatersonStudio D, ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips or chopped semisweet chocolate, 1 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons green creme de menthe liqueur, 2 cups confectioners sugar], title: Minty Brownies, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 665: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nOn a rimmed baking sheet, toss the mushrooms with 1 tablespoon olive oil, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nOn another rimmed baking sheet, toss the potatoes with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put both pans in the oven, and roast until the mushrooms are browned and the potatoes are cooked through, about 20 minutes, tossing once and rotating the sheets halfway through. Remove the pans from the oven, and let cool slightly.nWhile the potatoes and mushrooms roast, make the dressing. Add the garlic, sour cream, yogurt, buttermilk, and vinegar into a food processor and blend to combine. Add the cayenne, herbs, Worcestershire, and hot sauce. Blend until fully incorporated and the dressing is a pale green. Season the dressing with salt and pepper, to taste, if needed.nAdd the potatoes and mushrooms to a serving bowl and pour in the dressing. Toss to coat and serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups button mushrooms, halved, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound baby new red potatoes, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 34 cup reducedfat sour cream, 14 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 14 cup wellshaken buttermilk, 1 tablespoon champagne vinegar, Small pinch cayenne, 14 cup roughly chopped parsley leaves, 14 cup chopped chives, 2 tablespoons chopped green onion, 2 tablespoons chopped dill, 1 tablespoon chopped tarragon leaves, Dash Worcestershire, Dash hot sauce], title: Roasted Potatoes with Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 666: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWhisk together the flour, sugar, baking soda, cream of tartar and salt in a large mixing bowl.nStir in the buttermilk and 3 tablespoons of the melted butter, using a fork, then stir in the currants. Once combined, the dough should come together. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface. Knead gently for just a few turns until the dough can be shaped into a 6inch round do not overknead.nPlace the shaped dough into a castiron skillet or sheet tray. Cut an x into the top of the round loaf, using a knife.nBake until the center has cooked through testing with a skewer, about 40 minutes. Slather with the remaining tablespoon melted butter., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons cream of tartar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup currants], title: Irish Soda Bread, picturelink: null}, 667: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nFor the crust: Blend shortening, flour, powdered sugar, butter and salt. Cut flour until it resembles cornmeal. Beat egg, blend in vinegar and water, and sprinkle over flour mixture. Toss with fork. Chill before rolling, about 1 hour. Makes 2 9inch pie crusts.nFor the filling: In a large size bowl, mix together all ingredients and pour into the pie shell. Cover with top crust and bake for 15 minutes. Reduce temperature to 350 degrees F and bake for 45 minutes or until golden. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 cup butter flavored shortening, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 teaspoons powdered sugar, 14 cup butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, 2 teaspoons vinegar, 14 cup ice water, 4 cups drained cherries, juice reserved recommended: Morello, 1 14 cups sugar, 3 tablespoons tapioca, Pinch salt, 1 13 cups juice reserved from cherries, Tiny dab red gel food coloring], title: Classic Cherry Pie, picturelink: null}, 668: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn blender add cubed melon and watermelon, sugar, and 2 cups of ice. Blend until smooth.nIn a pitcher add remaining ice, vodka, melon liqueur, and lemon juice. Stir in fruit puree and garnish with melon and watermelon balls., ingredients: [2 cups casaba melon, peeled and cubed plus 12 cup balled, 2 cups watermelon, peeled and cubed, seeds removed, plus 12 cup balled, 12 cup sugar, 8 cups ice, 10 ounces citrus vodka, 5 ounces melon liqueur recommended: Midori, 12 cup lemon juice], title: Itll Thump yer Melon, picturelink: ZCmSzYrju8.w.w50lZX0bKLXjt5WbZ2}, 669: {instructions: Combine the popcorn, barbecue seasoning and sugar in a large bowl and toss together., ingredients: [2 cups cooked popcorn, 1 tablespoon barbecue seasoning, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Sunnys BBQ Popcorn, picturelink: 7mVp1PwjzvZKMqKRLwS2AXvklu6Ylri}, 670: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees.nPlace a 10inch nonstick pan with an ovenproof handle in the top third of the preheated oven. Allow the pan to heat for 3 to 5 minutes.nBrush 1 of each of the bread slices with a slight coating of olive oil.nBuild the sandwiches by placing 2 slices of bread oil side down. Top each slice with half the cheese, spreading it evenly. Season with pepper and a few grains of salt. Top each sandwich with 1 of the remaining slices of bread, oil side up.nPlace the sandwiches in the heated pan and cook for 5 minutes. Turn them over and cook for 5 minutes more remove the pan from the oven. Open the sandwiches and fill with the onion, tomato and arugula., ingredients: [4 slices spelt bread or other wholegrain bread, Olive oil, 5 ounces soy cheese or almond cheese, Freshly ground pepper, Coarse sea salt, 2 very thin slices red onion, 2 very thin slices tomato, 8 leaves arugula, washed and dried], title: Oven Grilled Cheese Sandwiches with Arugula, Red Onion and Tomato, picturelink: null}, 671: {instructions: Peel and slice peaches. Mix in sugar, lemon juice and flour. Pour mixture into a 9 by 13inch pan. Cut pie crust to fit over peaches, using extra pieces to make designs such as leaves and stars. Sprinkle sugar over crust and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 30 to 35 minutes or until golden brown. Serve with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream., ingredients: [6 large ripe peaches, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 prepared pie crusts], title: Peach Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 672: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, beat the eggs and sugar together at high speed with an electric mixer until foamy, about 5 minutes. Add the orange zest and juice, oil, almond extract and vanilla extract, beating until blended. Sift the flour and baking powder together and add to the egg mixture, beating well. Fold in the almonds by hand. Remove the dough to plastic wrap, wrap and freeze until firm, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Divide the dough in half. Spray your hands lightly with nonstick cooking spray and shape each portion into a 5by8inch log on the baking sheet. Bake until firm, about 25 minutes. Cool the logs on the baking sheet for 5 minutes, then transfer to wire racks to cool completely, about 15 minutes.nUsing a serrated knife, cut each log diagonally into 12inch slices. Return the biscotti to the baking sheets and bake for 15 minutes. Turn the cookies over and bake for 15 more minutes. Cool on wire racks., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 1 cup sugar, Grated zest from 1 orange plus 1 teaspoon juice, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 13 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup chopped almonds or nuts of your choice, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Nutty Orange Biscotti, picturelink: ZIbqJqU99yeQnvk3KPKlr2XUQUeSOHi}, 673: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nRinse, halve and stone the peaches. Puree 2 of the peaches in a food processor. Place the puree in a bowl add the sugar, crushed macaroons and the egg yolk. Cover each peach halve with this filling and place the peach halves in a buttered baking dish. Sprinkle the remaining butter over the peaches and bake for about 45 minutes. Serve hot or cold, with or without heavy cream.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees and set rack at middle level in oven.nBreak the almond paste into 1inch pieces. In the bowl of a mixer, combine almond paste, and sugars. With the paddle attachment, mix on the slowest speed to crumble together, paste and sugars. Pour in the egg whites in 3 to 4 additions, beating well between each addition. Scrape down the bowl frequently as you are adding the egg whites.nIf possible, leave time to pack the macaroon paste into a plastic container and allow it to age overnight in the refrigerator before baking.nUse a plain tube with a 12 to 34inch opening Ateco 7 or 8 to pipe 34 to 1inch macaroons on parchment or waxed paper lined cookie trays. Leave 1inch around each macaroon.nMoisten the surface of the macaroons with a wet towel and sprinkle with granulated or confectioners sugar. Bake immediately for 15 minutes to 20 minutes, until thet are well puffed and golden. Cool the macaroons. When cool, remove them from paper by turning paper over and moistening the back of the paper, then peel it off.nYield: 34 cookies, ingredients: [6 ripe peaches, 13 cup sugar, 8 Italian macaroons, crushed see recipe below, 1 egg yolk, 4 tablespoons butter, Heavy cream, optional, 12 pound canned almond paste, 23 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 2 large egg whites], title: Peche alla Piemontese, picturelink: null}, 674: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBake the potatoes until tender, 1 hour. Let cool enough to handle, and then scoop out the flesh into a medium bowl. Warm the butter and milk together in the microwave until the butter is just melted and the milk is warm. Add half the butter and milk to the potatoes and mash well with a potato masher or fork. Add the green onions and 12 cup Cheddar, and blend well with the potato masher, adding more of the remaining milk and butter if too dry. Season with salt and pepper.nReduce the oven to 350 degrees F. Spoon the potatoes into a greased 1 12quart baking dish and bake 15 minutes. Add the remaining 14 cup Cheddar on top and bake an additional 15 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [4 russet potatoes, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 12 cup milk, 3 green onions, chopped, 34 cup grated Cheddar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: TwiceBaked Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 675: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nSeason the fish to taste with salt and pepper.nIn a saute pan over a high heat, add the oil, when the oil starts to smoke lightly, add the fish. Cook for 2 minutes or until golden brown, turn fillets over and add the thyme sprigs and chives, continue to cook for 2 minutes or until it reaches a medium temperature, depending on the thickness of the fillets. Remove from the pan.nSpread 2 tablespoons of pistachio crust mix on top of each fillets.nPlace under a broiler to lightly brown, remove from heat. In the center of 4 plates, place the fish fillets. Artfully drizzle the balsamic vinegar and pomegranate seeds around the fillets, sprinkle with chives. Serve immediately.nIn a saucepan, reduce 12 cup cream to 14 cup. Remove from the heat and then add the cold butter mix with a mixer. In a mixing bowl add the pistachio nuts, basil leaves, chopped shallots and stir in the cream mixture. Stir until evenly mixed. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Let cool for 10 minutes. Reserve., ingredients: [4 6ounce red snapper fillets skinless or your favorite fish, Salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 6 thyme sprigs, 4 tablespoons chives, finely sliced 2 for cooking, 2 for garnish, 8 tablespoons pistachio crust, recipe follows, 6 teaspoons aged balsamic vinegar, 4 tablespoons pomegranate seeds, 12 cup heavy cream, 18 pound sweet cubes, cut into cubes, 14 pound toasted pistachio nuts, coarsely chopped, 14 cup basil leaves, chopped, 18 cup shallots, minced, Salt and fresh ground pepper], title: Pistachio Crusted Snapper with Aged Balsamic and Pomegranates, picturelink: null}, 676: {instructions: Special equipment: kitchen string and a small food processornCombine the fennel, juniper, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon kosher salt and 1 tablespoon ground black pepper in a small bowl and set aside. Combine the pancetta, rosemary, red pepper flakes, garlic and lemon zest in a small food processor and pulse several times to make a coarse paste, scraping down the bowl as needed.nOpen the turkey like a book, skinside down, on a large cutting board. It should look like an irregular rectangle with the drumsticks on one side and the wings on the other. Pull off the long, thin tenderloins from the breast, and lay them on the inside of the thigh meat to even out the thickness of the turkey. Sprinkle the inside of the turkey with some of the salt mixture, and top evenly with the pancetta mixture.nRoll up the turkey starting at the edge closest to you, and continue to roll forming a tight log, finishing with the seamside down. Tie with kitchen string at 1inch intervals, maintaining as tight a log as possible. Adjust the string to make the drumstick as straight as possible. Tuck the wings behind the turkeys back and sprinkle the outside with the remaining salt mixture. The turkey can be prepared to this point up to 1 day in advance.nPosition an oven rack in the lower third of the oven, remove the top racks and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Fit a wire rack into a baking sheet and put the turkey on top. Brush all over with olive oil and turn the turkey seamside up. Roast until the skin is browned and crisp, about 1 hour. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and carefully flip the turkey using a large spatula.nReturn the turkey to the oven and continue cooking until the top is deep golden brown, and an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the turkey registers 155 degrees F, 50 to 60 minutes more. Remove from the oven, tent loosely with foil, and let rest 20 minutes before slicing. The turkey will continue cooking as it rests.nCut off the string with scissors, taking care not to tear the skin. Cut the turkey into 12 to 34inch slices and separate the drumsticks and wings. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fennel seeds, coarsely ground, 2 teaspoons juniper berries, coarsely ground, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces pancetta, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 cloves garlic, minced, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon, One 12 to 14pound turkey, boned, leaving the drumstick bones in and the wings on see Cooks Note, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing], title: Tuscan Turkey Roulade, picturelink: null}, 677: {instructions: In a skillet on mediumhigh heat, saute the bacon for 5 minutes, stirring often, until brown and crispy. Drain the bacon on paper towel and set aside.nRemove the excess bacon fat from the pan. Add the blanched cauliflower and butter and cook stirring often, to coat them with the butter for 5 minutes, or until golden brown. Add the honey and 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. Let the cauliflower brown, about 5 more minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.nMeanwhile, in a bowl mix the arugula, shallots, remaining red wine vinegar, and olive oil. Season the salad with salt, and pepper, to taste.nWhen ready to serve, mix the arugula salad with the cauliflower and garnish with pine nuts., ingredients: [6 slices bacon, cut into small pieces, 1 cauliflower, trimmed, cut into small pieces and blanched, 14 cup butter, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 tablespoons good quality red wine vinegar, 4 cups arugula, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup pine nuts], title: Cauliflower and Arugula Salad, picturelink: null}, 678: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLay the beef in a large roasting pan with the bone side down. The ribs act as a natural roasting rack. In a small bowl mash together the garlic, horseradish, salt, pepper, and olive oil to make a paste. Massage the paste generously over the entire roast. Scatter the vegetables and halved garlic around the meat and drizzle them with a 2count of oil. Put the pan in the oven and roast the beef for about 1 12 to 2 hours for mediumrare or approximately 20 minutes per pound. Check the internal temperature of the roast in several places with an instantread thermometer it should register 125 degrees F. for mediumrare. Remove the beef to a carving board and let it rest for 20 minutes. The internal temperature of the meat will continue to rise by about 10 degrees. Remove the vegetables and set aside. Pour the pan juices into a fat separator or small bowl and set aside to allow the fat and beef juices to separate. Pour off and discard the fat. You will use the tasty beef juices for the mushrooms.nPlace a clean skillet over medium heat. Add the butter and a 2count drizzle of oil. When the butter starts to foam. add the mushrooms and thyme and season with salt and pepper. Stir everything together for a few minutes. Add the red wine, stirring to scrape up any stuck bits then cook and stir to evaporate the alcohol. When the wine is almost all gone, add the reserved beef juices. Let the liquid cook down and then take it off the heat. Stir in the cream and chives, and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 3rib prime rib beef roast, about 6 pounds, 5 garlic cloves, smashed, plus 2 heads garlic, halved, 12 cup grated fresh or prepared horseradish, 12 cup sea salt, 14 cup freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped, 2 parsnips, 1 red onion, halved, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds assorted mushrooms, such as cremini, oyster, shiitake, chanterelle, or white, trimmed and sliced, Leaves from 2 fresh thyme sprigs, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Cabernet Sauvignon, 14 cup reserved beef broth drippings from roast or lowsodium canned broth, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives], title: Horseradish And Garlic Prime Rib, picturelink: 3nL3LjFtOd65te532IkepEetOw0iQy}, 679: {instructions: Place about 18 cup of corn oil in the bottom, ready to catch food from the meat grinder. Add the garlic and potatoes to the grinder, alternating with the almonds. Transfer to a standing mixer fitted with the whip attachment, turn the mixer to a mediumhigh speed, and slowly drizzle in 13 of the remaining oil. Do not stop the mixer. Drizzle in 13 of the vinegar, then onethird of the seltzer. Repeat this process until all the ingredients are used. Season with the salt and pepper to taste. Adjust seasoning, using salt and vinegar add more seltzer if necessary to reach desired consistency., ingredients: [2 ounces whole garlic cloves, peeled, 1 pound potatoes, boiled, skinon, peeled and keep warm, 4 ounces almonds, 1 quart corn oil, 18 cup olive oil, 1 cup white vinegar, 10 ounces seltzer, White pepper and salt to taste], title: Sams Skordalia, picturelink: null}, 680: {instructions: Cut pasta into 5inch squares and parboil in water for a minute or a minute and a half. Transfer to a bowl of cold water. Spread in one layer over cloth towels. Make Bechamel Sauce: Melt butter, stir in flour and add milk slowly. Heat until mixture thickens. Set aside. Make Spinach: Parboil spinach leaves until just wilted. Drain. Cool and squeeze out moisture and chop. Saute 13 cup minced shallots in 2 tablespoons butter. Add parboiled spinach and saute gently until spinach has absorbed butter. Season with salt and pepper. Make Ricotta Filling: Blend ricotta cheese with parmesan. Add eggs and egg yolks and spinach filling. Season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. To assemble: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Butter a large gratin dish or two smaller ones. Canneloni are baked in a single layer, snuggly setin but not overlapping. Spoon some filling down the center of a parboiled pasta square, spread to 12inch of edges, roll up and transfer, seam side down to the gratin dish. Ladle Bechamel over top and sprinkle with 13 cup grated Parmesan. Dot with 4 tablespoons chilled cubed butter and bake on upper center rack of oven for 15 minutes or until bubbling. Let stand 15 minutes before serving. Can serve with extra grated Parmesan., ingredients: [Fresh Spinach Pasta sheets 8 to 12 ounces, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 cups milk, Salt, pepper and pinch nutmeg, 8 ounces ricotta cheese, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 eggs and 2 egg yolks, 10 ounces spinach, stemmed, washed, 13 cup finely minced shallots, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt and pepper, 13 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 4 tablespoons chilled cubed unsalted butter, Parmesan cheese], title: Green Canneloni Stuffed with Ricotta Cheese and Spinach, picturelink: null}, 681: {instructions: Make the filling: Heat the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and cook until smooth and bubbly, about 3 minutes. Add the milk slowly while whisking constantly. Bring to a simmer, stirring constantly, paying special attention to the corners of the saucepan. Add the paprika and salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the corn and parsley, return to a simmer. Scrape the filling into a bowl and cool completely before filling wrappers.nTo Form: Moisten the edges of 1 of the empanada wrappers with a fingertip dipped in warm water. Center a generous 13cup of the filling on the wrapper. Bring the sides of the wrapper together to meet over the filling and pinch the sides together to seal and form a halfmoon shape. Lay the halfmoon flat on the work surface. Work you way around the edges, bringing about 12inch of the bottom layer of dough up and over the top layer, to make a minipleat. Press as you go to seal the pleats. If you dont want to mess with crimping, just seal the edges all the way around with the tips of the tines of a fork.nFry the Empanadas: empanadas may also be baked see Note below: Pour enough vegetable or canola oil into a large heavy skillet to fill about 34inch up the sides. Heat over medium heat until the tip of the handle of a wooden spoon immersed in the oil gives off a lively sizzle, about 375 degrees F. Carefully slip as many of the empanadas into the oil as will fit without crowding. Cook until the dough is lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Carefully flip and repeat. Drain briefly on paper towels before serving. Repeat with remaining empanadas.nNote: To bake empanadas, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper, or use a nonstick baking sheet. Bake until the empanadas are light golden brown, about 25 minutes. Cool a few minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika, Kosher or fine sea salt and freshly ground pepper preferably white, 2 cups frozen corn, defrosted, 1 heaping tablespoon chopped flatleaf parsley, 8 6inch storebought empanada wrappers, preferably red seasoned, Vegetable or canola oil], title: Creamy Corn Empanadas: Humitas, picturelink: null}, 682: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine soup mix and sour cream. Refrigerate for 2 hours, stirring every hour. Serve with chips., ingredients: [One 1ounce packet onion soup mix recommended: Lipton, One 16ounce container sour cream, One 12ounce bag potato chips], title: Grandmas Onion Dip for Chips, picturelink: null}, 683: {instructions: In a large bowl, cover the beans with cold water by 1inch and cover with plastic wrap. Allow to soak overnight in the refrigerator.nDrain the beans and place them in a large pot with 8 cups of water, and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer uncovered for 45 minutes. Add 1 teaspoon of salt and continue to simmer for about 15 minutes, until the beans are tender. Set the beans aside to cool in their liquid.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large stockpot. Add the pancetta and onions and cook over mediumlow heat for 7 to 10 minutes, until the onions are translucent. Add the carrots, celery, garlic, 1 tablespoon of salt, the pepper, and red pepper flakes. Cook over mediumlow heat for 7 to 10 minutes, until the vegetables are tender. Add the tomatoes with their puree, the cabbage, if using, the kale, and basil and cook over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, for another 7 to 10 minutes.nDrain the beans, reserving their cooking liquid. In the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade, puree half of the beans with a little of their liquid. Add to the stockpot, along with the remaining whole beans. Pour the bean cooking liquid into a large measuring cup and add enough chicken stock to make 8 cups. Add to the soup and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer over low heat for 20 minutes.nAdd the bread to the soup and simmer for 10 more minutes. Taste for seasoning and serve hot in large bowls sprinkled with Parmesan and drizzled with olive oil., ingredients: [12 pound dried white beans, such as Great Northern or cannellini, Kosher salt, 14 cup good olive oil, plus extra for serving, 14 pound large diced pancetta or smoked bacon, 2 cups chopped yellow onions 2 onions, 1 cup chopped carrots 3 carrots, 1 cup chopped celery 3 stalks, 3 tablespoons minced garlic 6 cloves, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 28ounce can Italian plum tomatoes in puree, chopped, 4 cups coarsely chopped or shredded savoy cabbage, optional, 4 cups coarsely chopped kale, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 6 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 4 cups sourdough bread cubes, crusts removed, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, for serving], title: Ribollita, picturelink: A6xXIUT.fLA1jcT63QpaMKrfi0.u2ry}, 684: {instructions: Chop the reserved onion and pepper mixture and put into a bowl. Stir in the sour cream, cream cheese, garlic, adobo sauce, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nServe with the reserved spiced chips., ingredients: [Reserved 1 cup onion and pepper mixture from Spicy Fajita Soup, Reserved 1 cup sour cream from Braised Beef Tacos, 12 cup cream cheese, softened, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon adobo sauce reserved from Spicy Fajita Soup, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Reserved spiced chips from Spicy Fajita Soup], title: Online Round 2 Recipe  Creamy Mexican Dip with Spiced Chips, picturelink: ARgdH3yUQdLZ7RM2sLMlIXpCXoelxgq}, 685: {instructions: Place strainer over large bowl. Line strainer with 3 layers of cheesecloth. Spoon yogurt into cheeseclothlined strainer let stand at room temperature to drain 3 hours liquid will drain out and yogurt will thicken. Transfer yogurt to medium bowl discard liquid. Meanwhile, coarsely grate cucumber. Place in another strainer let stand at room temperature until most of liquid drains out, about 3 hours. Discard liquid. Squeeze excess moisture from cucumber. Mix cucumber, dill and garlic into yogurt. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Mix tomato into yogurt. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [3 cups plain yogurt do not use lowfat or nonfat, 1 English hothouse cucumber about 16 ounces, peeled, halved lengthwise, seeded, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 1 large tomato, quartered, seeded, thinly sliced], title: Cucumber and Tomato Tzatziki, picturelink: null}, 686: {instructions: Make the fruitcake granola: Preheat the oven to 275. Crumble the cake into peasize pieces with your hands. Chop up any large chunks of fruit or nuts. Scatter the pieces on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown and dry, 35 to 55 minutes, depending on the kind of fruitcake. Cool completely. Leftover granola will keep in an airtight container for up to 1 week.nMake the parfaits: Warm the blueberries in a small saucepan over medium heat, about 5 minutes. Strain, reserving the berries and juice separately. Return the juice to the pan and boil until reduced by half, about 4 minutes. Cool completely.nDivide the blueberry sauce among 4 tall parfait glasses. Add 1 cup yogurt to each and gently swirl. Top the parfaits with the fruitcake granola and blueberries.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 loaf fruitcake about 1 14 pounds, 2 cups frozen blueberries, thawed, 4 cups plain yogurt], title: Fruitcake Parfaits, picturelink: JGQ3nNzFxLLpQDXCiUZMbiMcaQJYVPy}, 687: {instructions: Preheat a broiler.nBegin by cutting the pineapple in 12 lengthwise, 12 of the pineapple should be cut into cubes and the other 12 cored out. Using the cored out pineapple 12 like a basket, place the cubed papaya and mango inside. Add the juice of a lemon and the nutmeg.nIn a mixing bowl, add the egg whites and the sugars. Mix well until it reaches stiff peaks. Place this over the pineapple basket, covering the fruit completely. Place in the broiler for 1 to 2 minutes to brown the top of the meringue. Remove quickly to stop the cooking process., ingredients: [1 whole fresh pineapple, 1 papaya, peeled and cubed, 2 mangoes, peeled and cubed, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 pint artificial egg whites, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 pinch ground cinnamon], title: Baked Alaskan Pineapple, picturelink: null}, 688: {instructions: Combine the turkey, pork fatback, sage, garlic, chives, pepper, nutmeg, orange zest and 2 tablespoons salt in a large bowl. Transfer to a large plastic ziptop bag and refrigerate overnight.nAt least 30 minutes before grinding the meat, place all of your tools including the meat grinder parts, stand mixer bowl, stand mixer paddle attachment and sausage stuffer parts in the freezer to chill.nUsing your meat grinder, grind the marinated meat mixture through the small die plate into the chilled bowl of the stand mixer. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes, then return the mixture to the mixer. Add the milk and wine and beat on medium speed using the chilled paddle attachment until combined. Refrigerate until ready to use.nStuff the sausages and, for best results, refrigerate overnight.nBefore cooking, pierce each sausage several times with a pin. Grill over medium heat until the center registers 160 degrees F, 10 to 12 minutes. You can also panfry or broil the sausages. Serve in split toasted buns with spicy brown mustard and grilled red onions.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [2 34 pounds skinless, boneless turkey thighs, cubed, 1 pound pork fatback, cubed, 12 cup chopped fresh sage, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon freshly ground pepper, Small pinch of nutmeg, Finely grated zest of 1 orange, Kosher salt, 12 cup cold whole milk, 12 cup white wine, chilled, 1 8foot hog casing, soaked in water 30 minutes and then flushed with water, Crusty buns, for serving, Spicy brown mustard, for serving, Grilled red onions, for serving], title: Turkey and Sage Sausage, picturelink: HEd9TRxCu9Zm19pU3h5TkutRBiY17q.}, 689: {instructions: Heat 2 quarts water to boiling for the noodles.nTo make the teriyaki sauce, heat the rice wine vinegar, brown sugar, soy sauce, ginger, and scallions to a boil over medium heat. Let cook for 7 minutes, then whisk in cornstarch slurry and cook for another 3 minutes or so, to allow to thicken. Remove from heat and cool to room temperature.nBoil the noodles until tender, drain well, toss with about 14 cup of the oil to keep noodles from sticking and set aside.nHeat the oil to deepfry the noodles in a deep fryer to 375 degrees F, or as directed for similar foods.nFor the vegetables, heat 2 tablespoons of the grapeseed oil in a wok over medium high heat, reserving the rest of the oil. Saute celery and carrots until they begin to soften, about 5 minutes and add mushrooms and cook until they are soft and begin to give up their juices. Remove the vegetables to a utility plate, and add the other 2 tablespoons oil to the wok over medium heat. Add the cabbage to the wok and cook until tender, about 10 to 15 minutes.nWhile the cabbage is cooking, deepfry the noodles and drain on paper toweling.nReturn the celerycarrotmushroom mixture to the cabbage, add the water chestnuts, and stir to combine. Add the teriyaki sauce and cook for 5 minutes to heat through and integrate flavors. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, and serve with fried noodles, topped with bean sprouts., ingredients: [14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger root, coating scraped off with the tip of a spoon and finely minced, 2 tablespoons sliced scallions, white and tender green parts only 1 or 2 scallions, 14 cup cornstarch dissolved in 14 cup water, 1 pound soba noodles, 2 to 3 liters canola oil, as needed for deepfrying, 4 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 large stalks celery, diced, 3 large carrots, diced, 6 ounces shiitake mushrooms, cleaned, trimmed and sliced, 1 head Chinese or napa cabbage, shredded, 1 8ounce can sliced water chestnuts, rinsed to remove any tinny taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pint bean sprouts], title: Fried Soba Noodles and Vegetables in Teriyaki Sauce, picturelink: null}, 690: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nUsing a small sharp knife cut into the thick end of the chicken and make an incision reaching 23 the way down the breast. Loosen up the incision with your fingers to make a hole. Season the chicken with pepper. Combine the cheese with arugula and baby spinach and stuff the breasts. Spiralwrap the breasts with the bacon tightly to cover the meat evenly. Place chicken on a nonstick baking sheet and roast 20 to 22 minutes until bacon is crispy and chicken is firm.nPlace the potatoes in a pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil, season water with salt and cook potatoes 15 minutes, or until tender.nBring 1inch water to a boil. Trim beans. Salt water and add beans to water. Simmer 5 minutes, drain and combine with tomatoes, thyme, 1 tablespoon oil, salt and pepper.nPlace the potatoes back in the hot pot after draining. Coat the potatoes with 2 tablespoons oil, the scallions, chicken stock and salt and pepper. Toss for 1 minute.nServe chicken with green beans and potatoes alongside., ingredients: [4 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Black pepper, 4 to 5 ounces blue cheese crumbles, A handful arugula leaves from bulk bins, chopped, A handful baby spinach leaves from bulk bins, chopped, 4 slices bacon, 2 pounds baby potatoes, halved, Salt, 1 pound thin green beans, 2 vine tomatoes, halved lengthwise, seeded and thinly sliced, Leaves from 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 4 scallions, finely chopped, whites and greens, 14 cup chicken stock], title: Bacon Wrapped Blue Cheese Stuffed Chicken, Green Beans and Smashed Potatoes with Green Onions, picturelink: tE.fEcbuogZ1hj5gSRdqTM1.i1TUSS.}, 691: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees.nCut 12 to 34inch croutons from the loaf of bread and place on a baking sheet and put into the oven until dry but not browned.nUse a mortar and pestle to mash the garlic with 4 tablespoons of oil and 14 teaspoon kosher salt. Strain the oil into a skillet over medium heat. Add the dried croutons and fry, tossing constantly until all of the oil is absorbed and the croutons turn gold. Set aside.nBring 2 cups water to a boil in a small saucepan. Add the eggs and cook for 1 minute. Chill in ice water to halt cooking. Set aside.nIn a very large bowl, tear lettuce and toss with 3 tablespoons of olive oil. Sprinkle with the remaining kosher salt and the black pepper. Add the remaining olive oil. Toss well. Add the lemon juice and Worcestershire sauce. Break in the eggs. Toss until a creamy dressing forms. Toss in Parmesan cheese and serve with croutons., ingredients: [1 loaf day old Italian bread, 3 garlic cloves, mashed, 9 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon plus 1 pinch kosher salt, 2 eggs, 2 heads romaine lettuce, inner leaves only, 7 grinds black pepper, 1 lemon, juiced, 6 drops Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Hail Caesar Salad, picturelink: null}, 692: {instructions: Dice the tuna and place in a nonreactive bowl. Add the lime juice, mescal, and chile de arbol powder, and toss to coat. Let the mixture marinate. Add the shallots, cilantro, and avocado, and gently toss to coat. Place a spoonful of the Coconut Avocado Mousse onto the center of a serving plate, then place crispy plantains on top to form a nest on top and spoon the ceviche into the nest. Sprinkle the radish over the plates and drizzle with the chile oil. In a food processor, combine the avocado, coconut milk, cilantro, and salt. Blend until the mixture is smooth., ingredients: [10 ounces sashimi grade yellow fin tuna, 1 12 ounces 1 shot or 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 12 ounces 1 shot or 3 tablespoons mescal, 12 teaspoon ground chile de arbol powder, 1 medium shallot, chopped fine, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled, and diced, Coconut Avocado Mousse, recipe follows, Crispy plantains, as needed, 3 red radishes, trimmed and julienned, 2 ounces chile oil, 4 large avocados, halved, pitted, and peeled, 1 14ounce can coconut milk, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt], title: Ceviche de Atun, picturelink: null}, 693: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Set rack on the bottom third of the oven so the roast will fit completely inside.nIn a small mixing bowl or mortar and pestle, combine thyme, sage, garlic, and salt and pepper, to taste, and mash to break up herbs and garlic. Add oil, about 1 cup, and combine with pestle.nTake crown roast of pork and if your butcher hasnt already prepared it, clean the bones of meat with a boning knife French them and make a small cut into the meat in between each rib so you can wrap it into a circle easily save the scraps. Rub the pork all over with the herb mixture. With the ribs on the outside, wrap the rack around onto itself so the ends meet and secure with kitchen twine so it holds its crown shape. Cooks note: if you are doing this by yourself, using a skewer to help hold its shape while you wrap the kitchen twine around the roast.nPlace in a roasting pan. Add the scraps into the bottom of the pan alongside the roast. This will help add flavor to your sauce. Set aside to bring the pork to room temperature prior to cooking.nFill the cavity with Apple Pecan Stuffing.nCover the stuffing and the tips of the rib bones with foil then place the whole roast in the oven and bake for 2 hours and 20 minutes, an instantread thermometer inserted near the bone should register 150 degrees F when done. About 30 to 45 minutes prior to doneness, remove the foil to brown the stuffing and create a crust. Remove from the oven, loosely cover with foil and allow to rest for 30 minutes before cutting. Serve with Apple Pecan Stuffing and Gravy. Garnish with watercress, if desired.nSpecial equipment: roasting pan fitted with roasting rack ., ingredients: [12 bunch thyme, leaves only, 12 bunch fresh sage, leaves only, 2 cloves garlic, gently smashed and paper removed, kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 10 pounds pork rib roast about 12 to 14 ribs, Apple Pecan Stuffing, recipe follows, Gravy, recipe follows, Watercress, for garnish, optional], title: The Ultimate Pork Crown Roast, picturelink: tcWFwaVZVogqt7OIomRVb.F1eQ2g7DK}, 694: {instructions: Mix 1 cup water with the sugar and 5spice blend. Heat until dissolved. Strain and let cool. In a lowball glass, pour 1 tablespoon 5spice simple syrup and the bitters and muddle a kumquat into that action. Add ice, rum and a splash of fernet. Stir in the glass for 20 to 30 seconds, until wellchilled. Sip, then cheer the funk up., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon Chinese 5spice blend cloves, cinnamon, star anise, fennel, Sichuan peppercorns, 3 dashes bitters, such as Angostura, 1 whole kumquat or 2inch orange rind, Ice, 2 ounces spiced rum, such as Sailor Jerry or Captain Morgan Original Spiced, Splash fernet], title: 5Spice on Ice, picturelink: null}, 695: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, chives, parsley, and tarragon. Season with salt and pepper.nMelt the butter in a medium nonstick skillet over medium to mediumlow heat. When the butters foam begins to subside, add the egg mixture and cook, stirring almost constantly, for 4 to 7 minutes depending on the desired firmness of the eggs. Serve immediately., ingredients: [10 large eggs, 14 cup milk, halfandhalf, or heavy cream, 1 tablespoon thinly sliced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, as needed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Scrambled Eggs with Herbs, picturelink: J9mBB528cxtsmw3tt6KGcHS2XKlmwiS}, 696: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll out the dough into a circle, about 12 to 13 inches in diameter. Gently press it into a 9inch pie pan and crimp edges with your forefinger and thumb. Prick the bottom of the pie crust all over with the tines of a fork to keep it from puffing up in the oven. Refrigerate until well chilled, about 45 minutes.nPut the sweet potatoes on a baking sheet and bake in the oven until very tender, about 45 minutes. Turn the oven down to 350 degrees F and remove potatoes from oven allow to cool slightly before scooping the flesh into a food processor. Puree until smooth, then add the eggs, cream, brown sugar, sugar syrup and vanilla extract. Pulse a couple of times to combine, then add the cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt.nPut the pie pan on a rimmed baking sheet and pour in the filling. Bake until the center is set, about 40 minutes. Let cool completely, then transfer the pie to the refrigerator.nTo make the praline topping, melt the butter in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat and add the sugar, syrup, pecans and salt. Cook until the sugar dissolves and the mixture is smooth, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the stovetop and let cool for 5 minutes.nRemove the pie from the refrigerator and pour the praline topping over the cooled pie, spreading evenly with a spatula or by gently rolling the pie around at an angle so it hits the edges. Cool until topping has hardened, about 20 minutes. Serve.nCombine the flour, ground pecans, sugar and salt in a large bowl. Add the butter and rub the butter pieces between your fingertips and thumbs, or use a pastry blender, until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Pour in the ice water and work it in until the dough holds together, being careful not to overmix. Squeeze a small amount together if it is too crumbly, add some more ice water, a little at a time. Shape it into a smooth ball, flatten into a disk, and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes, and up to 2 days., ingredients: [Sweet Pecan Pie Crust, recipe follows, 1 12 to 2 pounds sweet potatoes, about 3 mediumsized, 2 large eggs, 34 cup heavy cream, 13 cup brown sugar, 14 cup pure sugar cane syrup recommended: Steens, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons butter, 14 cup white sugar, 14 cup pure sugar cane syrup recommended: Steens, 1 cup toasted pecans, lightly crushed, Pinch salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup finely ground pecans, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons ice water, plus more if needed], title: Sweet Potato and Praline Pie, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 697: {instructions: Heat a small, dry saucepan. When the saucepan is hot, add the Szechuan peppercorns and, shaking the pan constantly, toast until the peppercorns are fragrant. Remove from the heat. Place the peppercorns in a spice grinder and grind. Season the chicken pieces with the peppercorns and salt and set aside. Heat a large wok over high heat. When the wok is hot, add the oil. Add the ginger, garlic and onions and stirfry for 1 minute. Add the chicken, broccoli, peppers, shiitake mushrooms, soy sauce, sherry and chile paste. Stirfry until the chicken is cooked through and the vegetables are cooked, but al dente, about 5 minutes. Add the scallions and stirfry for 1 more minute., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Szechuan peppercorns, Salt, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken, pounded thin and cut into 1inch thick strips, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons ginger, minced, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 cup onions, julienned, 1 cup broccoli florets, 14 cup green peppers, julienned, 14 cup red peppers, julienned, 14 cup yellow peppers, julienned, 1 cup shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 2 tablespoons thin soy sauce, 14 cup dry sherry, 1 tablespoon chile paste, 14 cup scallions, cut thinly on the bias], title: Spicy Szechuan StirFry, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 698: {instructions: To make quesadillas: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nIn a large shallow baking pan, toss asparagus with 1 12 teaspoons oil and salt and pepper, to taste, until coated well.nIn a large bowl toss onion with 1 12 teaspoons oil until coated well and arrange them around asparagus. Roast vegetables in lower third of oven, shaking pan occasionally until tender and lightly browned, about 10 minutes.nPreheat broiler.nGrease a large baking sheet. On sheet, arrange 4 tortillas in one layer and divide vegetables, Pepper Jack, and cilantro among them. Cover quesadillas with remaining 4 tortillas. Brush top tortillas with remaining 2 tablespoons oil and broil quesadillas about 3 inches from heat until golden brown, about 2 minutes. With a metal spatula, turn quesadillas over, and broil until golden brown, about 2 minutes.nMake chipotle lime sour cream dip while quesadillas broil.nIn a small bowl, stir chile and lime juice into sour cream until combined well. Dip may be made 2 days ahead and chilled covered. Makes about 1 cup.nCut quesadillas into wedges and serve with dip., ingredients: [1 pound medium asparagus, trimmed and cut into 12inch thick slices, 1 12 teaspoons olive oil, plus 1 12 teaspoons, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large red onion, cut crosswise into 14inchthick slices and separated into rings, 8 6 to 7inch flour tortillas, 12 pound Pepper Jack, coarsely shredded, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo, minced, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, 1 cup sour cream], title: Roasted Asparagus and Red Onion Quesadillas, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 699: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nTrim the fat from the beef, and cut the beef into strips. Put the beef, onions, fennel, and roasted garlic into a large braising pan. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper. Pour the beer over the ingredients in the pan, submerging them. Cover the pan tightly with two layers of aluminum foil. Cook the stew in the oven for 8 hours. Transfer the stew to bowls, and garnish with fennel fronds.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nCut the heads of garlic in half and sprinkle with extravirgin olive oil, salt, and pepper, to taste. Wrap the heads in aluminum foil, and bake for 40 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [8 pounds beef chuck roast, 2 large onions, chopped, 2 fennel bulbs, chopped, Roasted garlic, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 12ounce bottles beer recommend: something strong, sweet, and hoppy, Fennel fronds, for garnish, 2 heads garlic, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Beef Fennel Stew, picturelink: null}, 700: {instructions: For the bisque: In a large pot over medium heat, add the butter, garlic and onions. Cook until the vegetables begin to sweat, stirring constantly to avoid burning, about 5 minutes.nAdd the rice and stir to coat with butter. Add the tomatoes and vegetable stock and bring to a boil. Turn the temperature down to low and let simmer until the rice is tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the heat.nWorking in four separate batches, add 3 cups of the tomato mixture and 1 cup cream to be blended and pureed until smooth. Repeat three more times. Then season with salt and pepper.nFor the grilled cheese: Slice the brioche into 4inch slices. Butter one side of each piece of bread. Place in a large saute pan on medium heat, butteredside down. Top each piece of bread with 1 slice American cheese. Mix the gruyere, provolone and Swiss together, and then evenly distribute the grated cheese mixture on top of the American. Drizzle with the truffle oil. Cook until the buttered side of the bread is toasted and golden brown. Sandwich the bread together and serve with the soup., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 10 whole cloves garlic, 2 large yellow onions, sliced, 8 ounces Arborio rice, Four 16ounce cans San Marzano tomatoes, 4 cups vegetable stock, 4 cups heavy cream, Salt and pepper, 1 loaf fresh brioche, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, 4 slices American cheese, 14 cup grated gruyere, 14 cup grated provolone, 14 cup grated Swiss, 1 tablespoon white truffle oil], title: Truffled Brioche Grilled Geese with Tomato Bisque, picturelink: i1QXbUNo7DJvOCsgYT.XGQ4Jz2eky1G}, 701: {instructions: Special equipment: A 2 to 3quart broilersafe baking dishnPosition an oven rack about 5 inches from the broiling element, and preheat the broiler.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large highsided skillet over mediumhigh heat. While the pan is heating, thinly slice the onion set aside about 13 cup for the salad.nAdd the sausage to the pan, and break it up into smaller chunks with a wooden spoon. Stir periodically until it is brown all over, about 5 minutes. Add the remaining onion and the squash. Stir for a minute, then add the tomatoes, 2 tablespoons water, 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cover partially, and let simmer vigorously, stirring occasionally, until reduced and thick, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, slice the polenta into 14inch rounds. Butter the baking dish, and shingle the rounds in one layer. Dot the polenta with the pieces of butter. Place the dish under the broiler, and broil the polenta until it is hot and soft, about 4 minutes.nWhen the sauce is ready, spread it over the broiled polenta. Top with the fontina and grated Parmesan. Return the casserole to the broiler, and broil until the top is browned and bubbly, about 3 minutes.nMeanwhile, toss the spinach in a large bowl with the reserved onion, the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the balsamic vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste. Serve the casserole with the spinach salad on the side., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium red onion, 1 pound spicy Italian sausage, casings removed, 10 ounces frozen diced butternut squash about 1 12 cups, One 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 16ounce tube readymade polenta, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus more for greasing the dish, 5 ounces fontina cheese, thinly sliced 1 14 cups, 1 ounce grated Parmesan about 14 cup, 5 ounces baby spinach about 6 cups, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar], title: 25Minute Cheesy Sausage and Butternut Squash Casserole, picturelink: 4QKc7eHijIvsIKtzprNz1N88sy7w0i6}, 702: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine a baking sheet with wax paper. Set aside.nWhisk the honey, vanilla, butter and egg together in a 5quart saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Stir in the rice cereal, cranberries and almonds until combined. Let the mixture cool for 45 minutes.nPlace the grated chocolate in a small bowl.nFirmly press the rice mixture together into 36 balls, each about 1inch in diameter, using slightly damp hands. Roll the cookies in the chocolate until coated and place on the prepared baking sheet. Refrigerate for 1 hour until firm., ingredients: [1 cup honey, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, at room temperature, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 3 cups crispy brown rice cereal, such as Natures Path Crispy Rice, 1 cup sweetened dried cranberries, coarsely chopped, 12 cup slivered almonds, toasted, coarsely chopped, One 4ounce chocolate bar, finely grated], title: ChocolateCranberry Treats, picturelink: s7fjxH3DO2fLUlenXQ0A8S71mFLU3e}, 703: {instructions: Mix 3 chopped tomatoes, 1 cup diced seeded cucumber, 1 diced seeded jalapeno, 1 diced red onion, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, the juice of 1 lime, and salt to taste.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Cucumber Salsa, picturelink: ZK83.ZmiSBL2qo4Rx90EDeedxIg0ty}, 704: {instructions: Roast 2 lightly oiled and seasoned red peppers in a saute pan on the bottom of a 400 degree oven. Turn every few minutes until all sides are fairly charred, about 12 minutes. Place peppers in a plastic bag to loosen skin. When cool, peel and discard stem and seeds. Cut into sections about 4 inches by 1 12 inches. Place each sole filet, whiter side down on, on cutting board. Cover with double layered plastic wrap and pound lightly with the smooth side of a mallet or heavy knife to thin out fish some without tearing it. Spread black olive paste lightly onto each filet, and lay down one red pepper strip per filet. Roll each filet fairly tight from thin end tail to head thicker end. Season roulades and poach in 2 ounces white wine, juice and strips of zest of one lemon, capers, tomato juice and 4 ounces cold water. Bring to boil, then simmer covered 10 to 12 minutes. When fish appears cooked whisk in 1 teaspoon olive oil and basil chiffonade. Split roulade along natural divide and serve sole roulade with olive past, roast peppers and capers., ingredients: [2 red peppers, 4 sole filets, 6 ounces each, 1 tablespoon black olive paste, 6 ounces dry white wine, 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon capers, rinsed, 4 ounces canned tomato juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil plus 1 teaspoon, 1 tablespoon basil chiffonade], title: Sole Roulade with Black Olive Paste, Roast Pepper, Capers and Basil, picturelink: null}, 705: {instructions: Remove any scuffed cabbage leaves. Then peel off 8 of the outermost, larger green leaves and remove the tough core with a pairing knife. Have a ready a bowl of ice water. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil and blanch the 8 cabbage leaves until tender but not falling apart, 2 to 3 minutes. Immediately shock the leaves in the ice water to stop the cooking. Dry the leaves thoroughly between paper towels and set aside.nLay one very long piece of plastic wrap on the counter. Lay 2 cabbage leaves on the plastic wrap, overlapping just a bit. Dot the cabbage with 1 teaspoon of the truffle butter. Season one breast with salt and set it on one edge of the cabbage leaves and fold the excess cabbage over the breast. If there is excess, cut with kitchen shears. Continue to wrap the pheasant breast tightly with the plastic wrap, so the plastic goes twice around there should be extra wrap on the ends to tie off into a knot. Repeat with the remaining breasts. Seal the breasts in sous vide bags. Using an immersion circulator to keep a constant temperature, cook the breasts at 144 degrees F for 30 minutes.nMelt the butter in a saucepan set over low heat. Add the squash and cook until almost tender, not allowing it to brown at all. Add the water, cover the pan, and simmer until almost no water remains. Use a hand blender to blend until smooth. Season to taste with salt.nTo serve, slice the breasts on the bias, three slices per breast. Spoon the butternut squash puree onto a plate. Set the breast over the puree and finish with shaved truffles and sea salt., ingredients: [1 head savoy cabbage, 4 teaspoons truffle butter, 4 boneless, skinless pheasant breasts, Salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 14 cups mediumdiced butternut squash, 12 cup water, 1 ounce black truffle, for garnish, Sea salt, for garnish], title: Poached Pheasant with Savoy Cabbage, Butternut Squash, and Black Truffles, picturelink: null}, 706: {instructions: Place the popcorn kernels in a heavybottomed large pot and add enough oil just to cover them. Put the lid on and cook on high until you hear the first pop. Immediately take it off the heat and let it sit 1 minute. Then return it to the heat and finish popping, shaking the pan the whole time. Toss the cheese with the white pepper.nIn a large bowl, toss the popcorn with the butter well then with the cheese and black pepper mixture and taste for seasoning.nNotes about the recipe: I dont know why this way to make popcorn is better but this is what my dad does and his popcorn was always the best. I used to make this in college and take it for my lunch. Theres no need for salt because the Parmesan provides it., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 12 cup popping corn, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 18 teaspoon black pepper, or more], title: Spicy Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 707: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nButter and flour an 8inchdiameter stainless steel bowl. Combine cake mix, water, oil and eggs in large bowl. Beat with a hand mixer or by hand for 2 minutes, or until well blended. Transfer batter to prepared buttered bowl. Bake for 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Cool cake in bowl on a wire rack for 20 minutes. Invert cake onto cooling rack and remove bowl. Cool cake completely. Spread 1 can of frosting over rounded side of cake. Mix remaining can of frosting with powdered sugar in large bowl and transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a star tip. Frost or pipe a rosette atop each cupcake. Place a toothpick into the bottom of each cupcake press toothpick into cake dome, forming a bouquet. Place cake on stand., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing bowl, 1 18.25ounce box golden yellow cake mix, 1 13 cups water, 12 cup vegetable oil, 3 eggs, 2 16 ounce containers vanilla frosting, 12 cup powdered sugar, 48 storebought minicupcakes or minimuffins, paper liners removed, 48 toothpicks, Pastry bag, Star tip], title: Cupcake Bouquet, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 708: {instructions: In a large pot, bring 2 quarts of water and 1 tablespoon of salt to a boil. Meanwhile, peel the potatoes and cut them into 1 12inch cubes. Add them to the boiling water and bring the water back to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer uncovered for 10 to 15 minutes, until the potatoes fall apart easily when pierced with a fork.nMeanwhile, heat the milk and butter in a small saucepan, making sure it doesnt boil. Set aside until the potatoes are done.nAs soon as the potatoes are tender, drain them in a colander. Place a food mill fitted with a small diskblade over a heatproof bowl. Pass the potatoes through the food mill, turning the handle back and forth. As soon as the potatoes are mashed, stir in the hot milk mixture with a whisk or rubber spatula. Add enough buttermilk to make the potatoes creamy. Add 1 teaspoon of salt and the pepper, and serve hot. To keep the potatoes warm, place the bowl over a pan of simmering water for up to 30 minutes. You can add a little extra hot milk to keep them creamy., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds boiling potatoes, 14 cup milk, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup buttermilk, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Buttermilk Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 709: {instructions: In a small bowl whisk together all vinaigrette ingredients. Toss with spinach leaves., ingredients: [1 teaspoon or so Dijon mustard, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper, 1 bunch spinach], title: Spinach with Mustard Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 710: {instructions: Adjust oven racks to the top and lowerthird positions and preheat to 425 degrees F. Put a wire rack in a rimmed baking sheet.nToss the cabbage, apples, 2 tablespoons of the vinegar, olive oil, 2 teaspoons of the brown sugar, 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper together on another baking sheet. Roast on the top rack until the cabbage and apples are golden in spots and tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove and toss with dill, if using.nMeanwhile, lay the pork chops between two pieces of plastic wrap and pound until about 14 inch thick. Sprinkle all over with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Combine 1 tablespoon of the sour cream and 1 teaspoon of the mustard in a small bowl and brush both sides of each chop with the mixture.nPour the panko crumbs out onto a plate and press each side of the pork chops into the crumbs. Generously spray both sides of each chop with cooking spray and place on the rack on the prepared baking sheet. Bake on the lower rack until the pork chops are golden, crispy and cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes, flipping halfway through.nMix together the remaining 2 tablespoons of sour cream, 2 teaspoons water and the remaining 1 teaspoon each mustard, brown sugar and vinegar. Divide the pork chops and apple slaw among four plates drizzle the chops with some of the sauce., ingredients: [12 large head green cabbage, cored and cut into 2inch chunks, 1 large McIntosh or Red Delicious apple, cut into 12inch chunks, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 teaspoons light brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh dill about 12 bunch, optional, 4 thin boneless pork chops about 1 pound, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, Cooking spray], title: Breaded Pork Chops with Warm AppleCabbage Slaw, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}, 711: {instructions: Into a bowl sift together the flour and the salt and blend in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. In another bowl beat together the egg and the sour cream, add to the flour mixture, and stir the mixture with a fork until it forms a dough. Form the dough into a ball, dust it with flour, and flatten it slightly. Chill the dough, wrapped in waxed paper, for at least 1 hour or overnight.nRoll the dough into a rectangle 18inch thick and trim it into a strip whose width is equal to the length of 1 frankfurter. Spread the strip with a thin layer of the mustard and arrange 1 frankfurter lengthwise along a short side. Roll the dough around the frankfurter to just enclose it, leaving a 12inch overlap at the seam, and cut off the doughenclosed frankfurter from the rest of the rectangle. Seal the seam on the frankfurter, cut the frankfurter crosswise into thirds, and arrange the pieces on an ungreased baking sheet. Roll up the remaining frankfurters in the remaining dough in the same manner, rerolling the dough scraps and spreading the dough with the mustard when necessary, and cut them into thirds. The frankfurters may be made 2 days ahead up to this point and frozen, covered tightly. Let the frankfurters thaw before baking them.nBrush the dough with the egg wash, sprinkle it with the caraway seeds, and bake the frankfurters in a preheated 375 degree oven for 20 minutes, or until the dough is golden and flaky. Serve the frankfurters warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into bits, 1 large egg, beaten lightly, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 2 tablespoons Dijonstyle mustard, 8 kosher beef frankfurters, Egg wash, made by beating 1 egg with 1 teaspoon water, 2 teaspoons caraway seeds], title: Frankfurters in Mustard Caraway Pastry, picturelink: null}, 712: {instructions: 1. Toast the cumin and coriander seed in a small hot pan over medium heat, 3 to 5 minutes, or until toasted. Process the seeds in a spice grinder until powdery.n2. Combine the spice powder with the yogurt, cucumber, 2 tablespoons cilantro, lime juice, vegetable oil, and chile with 1 tablespoon water in a bowl. Top with remaining cilantro.n3. Grill or toast the naan until warm, brush with butter. Serve the raita with the warm naan., ingredients: [1 teaspoon whole cumin seed, 1 teaspoon whole coriander seed, 1 34 cups plain Greek yogurt, 1 Kirby cucumber, seeded and diced, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 to 1 serrano chile, seeded and minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 2 to 4 naan breads, for serving, 1 to 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Spiced Cucumber Raita, picturelink: null}, 713: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 wooden or metal skewersnIn a medium bowl, whisk together the oil, garlic, oregano, lemon juice, and zest and season with salt and pepper.nAlternately thread the shrimp, squash, onion, and zucchini onto the skewers, using 4 shrimp per skewer.nPut the kebabs in a shallow baking dish and pour the marinade over the top. Marinate the kebabs at room temperature, turning occasionally, for 10 minutes.nPreheat an indoor grill pan or an outdoor grill. Grill the kebabs, turning and basting with the marinade occasionally, until lightly charred and justcooked through, about 4 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 16 large shrimp, peeled, and deveined, 1 summer squash, seeded and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 red onion, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 zucchini, seeded and cut into 1inch pieces], title: QuickMarinated Shrimp Kebabs, picturelink: null}, 714: {instructions: Whisk the wine and tomato paste together in a medium saucepan to dissolve the paste. Add the chicken broth, bay leaf, rosemary, thyme, fennel seeds, cayenne, celery seeds, paprika and 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat reduce the heat and simmer until slightly reduced and very flavorful, about 15 minutes.nStrain into a clean pot. Add the lemon zest, lemon juice and coconut milk and bring to a simmer. Add the shrimp simmer until just cooked through, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter until melted. Add salt to taste.nServe in shallow bowls, topped with parsley., ingredients: [1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 4 cups chicken broth, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 2 teaspoons cayenne, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, 12 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt, Finely grated zest and juice of 1 small lemon, One 15ounce can coconut milk, 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, cut into tablespoons, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Spicy Coconut Shrimp, picturelink: H6A3ekNg2g91NWGCTzlkSZjNZ0m851S}, 715: {instructions: Heat the oil in a Dutch oven or soup kettle. Add the onions saute to soften slightly, about 2 minutes. Add remaining vegetables, meat of choice, starch of choice, tomatoes, chicken broth, and dried herb or spice of choice. Partially cover and simmer until vegetables are tender and flavors have blended, about 20 minutes. Add fresh herbs, season with salt and ground black pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 pound vegetables, cut into bitesize pieces, 1 pound meat boneless, skinless chicken thighs, etc., 1 pound potatoes, cut into medium dice, or 2 cans beans, 1 cup canned crushed tomatoes, 2 cans 16 ounces each low sodium canned chicken broth, Herbs, spice or flavoring of choice, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Supper Soup, picturelink: null}, 716: {instructions: Combine the mezcal and pomegranate juice in a glass and add the seltzer. Garnish with pomegranate seeds and orange zest., ingredients: [2 ounces mezcal, 1 ounce pomegranate juice, 34 cup seltzer, Pomegranate seeds, for garnish, Orange zest, for garnish], title: Mezcal and Pomegranate Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 717: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing a sharp knife, carefully slice the corn kernels off the cobs. Put onethird of the kernels in a blender reserve the other twothirds in a bowl and puree. Strain out the corn juice and reserve discard the solid puree.nIn a medium saute pan, render the bacon over low heat until crispy, about 10 minutes. Drain off most of the fat from the meat, leaving a small amount in the pan. Add the onions and cook over medium heat until tender and translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the reserved corn kernels and continue to cook until the corn is tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a small saucepan, cook the corn juice over medium heat, whisking constantly, until a thick pudding forms, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nCombine the corn and bacon mixture with the corn juice pudding. Add the chives and serve warm., ingredients: [6 ears fresh corn, shucked, 1 cup finely chopped applewood smoked bacon, 12 cup finely chopped onions, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped chives], title: NoCream Creamed Corn with Applewood Smoked Bacon, picturelink: SW6ds8yO7BJtR5fqIqxcovqQObTaoQi}, 718: {instructions: On a serving platter, arrange tortillas and sprinkle with romaine. Place 1 tablespoon of Guacamole on each tortilla. Slice ahi tuna into 18inch thick slices and lay on top of Guacamole 3 slices per halved tortilla. Sprinkle Pico de Gallo over platter and dress with Avocado and Chipotle Cremas a squeeze bottle works best. Garnish with lime slices, cilantro sprigs, or julienned red and yellow peppers, if desired.nMash avocados with a fork, leaving somewhat chunky. Add other ingredients, 1 at a time, stirring gently. Season with hot sauce, salt, and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately.nStir all ingredients together. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Rub gently onto all sides of ahi tuna.nToss all ingredients in a large bowl until well mixed. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nBlend all ingredients in food processor until smooth and creamy. Season with hot sauce, salt, and pepper, to taste. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nBlend all ingredients in food processor until smooth and creamy. Season with hot sauce, salt, and pepper, to taste. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [6 blue corn tortillas, cut in 12 and fried until crispy, 1 cup julienned heart of romaine, Guacamole, recipe follows, 2 3ounce ahi tuna steaks, seasoned with Tuna Seasoning, recipe follows, and seared until rare, Pico de Gallo, recipe follows, Avocado Crema, recipe follows, Chipotle Crema, recipe follows, Lime slices, cilantro sprigs, or julienned red and yellow peppers, for garnish, optional, 3 large avocados, peeled and pitted, 12 small red onion, diced, 2 jalapenos, stemmed, deveined, seeded, and diced, 14 cup cilantro leaves, cleaned and chopped, 12 lime, juiced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Hot sauce, optional, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cayenne, Pinch dried Mexican oregano, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 plum tomatoes, chopped, 12 small red onion, diced, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 1 jalapeno, stemmed, deveined, seeded and diced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 lime, juiced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large avocado, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 lime, juiced, Hot sauce, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 to 3 whole canned chipotle peppers, seeds removed, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 lime, juiced, Hot sauce, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: TesqueSeared Ahi Tuna Tataki Tostaditas, picturelink: NU53Xebbs7rHUvxtR24Pc.1hc9Teu}, 719: {instructions: Place the semolina and allpurpose flours and the salt in a food processor or the bowl of a heavyduty mixer. With the machine running, add just enough water to from a stiff dough. When the dough forms a ball, remove it from the processor. On a lightly floured surface, knead the dough until it is smooth and elastic, about 1 minute.nLine 2 large jellyroll pans with clean dry dish cloths or napkins. Dust the cloths lightly with flour.nCut the semolina dough into 8 pieces. Take 1 piece and keep the remaining pieces covered with an inverted bowl as you work. On a lightly floured board or countertop, roll the piece into a long rope about 12inch thick. Cut the rope into 12inch lengths. Hold a dullbladed knife with a rounded tip in 1 hand with your index finger pressed against the blade of the knife. Flatten each piece of dough, dragging it slightly so that the dough curls around the tip of the knife to form a shell shape.nPlace the cavatelli to dry in a single layer on the prepared pans while you continue with the remaining dough., ingredients: [1 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 cup fine semolina flour, 1 teaspoon salt, About 34 cup warm water], title: Homemade Cavatelli, picturelink: null}, 720: {instructions: Roast fillet of beef: In a heavy flameproof roasting pan heat the oil over moderate high heat until it is hot but smoking, add the beef, patted dry and seasoned with salt and pepper, and brown it, turning it every 2 minutes, for 10 minutes. Roast the beef in a preheated 500 degree oven for 12 to 15 minutes, or until a meat thermometer registers 130 degrees. The narrow end of the beef will be mediumrare the wide end will be rare. Serve the beef with the sauces.nRed pepper sauce: In a heavy skillet cook the bell peppers in the oil, covered, over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, for 25 to 30 minutes, or until they are soft. In a blender puree the mixture with the chipotle, the Worcestershire sauce, and salt to taste. The sauce may be made 2 days in advance and kept covered and chilled. Transfer the sauce to a sauceboat and serve it warm or at room temperature.nMustard chive sauce: In a small bowl stir together the mustard, the vinegar, the sugar, the salt, and 3 tablespoons water, making a smooth paste, and let the mixture stand, covered, for 10 minutes. Transfer the mixture to the top of a double boiler set over barely simmering water and whisk in the butter until it is just melted and incorporated thoroughly. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the chives. Transfer the sauce to a sauceboat and serve it warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 3 12 pound fillet of beef at room temperature, Chipotle red pepper sauce and mustard chive sauce as accompaniments, 3 cups thinly sliced red bell pepper about 3 large peppers, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 canned chipotle chili in adobo, unseeded, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup dry mustard, 3 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 3 tablespoons water, 34 stick 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits and softened, 3 tablespoons minced fresh chives], title: Roast Fillet of Beef with Chipotle Red Pepper Sauce and Mustard Chive Sauce, picturelink: null}, 721: {instructions: Add the butter to a large soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Once the butter melts and becomes foamy, add the garlic, onions and ginger and saute until tender and fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the chipotle pepper and saute for 1 minute longer while breaking it up with a wooden spoon. Add the chicken broth, apple cider and sweet potatoes. Bring to a simmer and cook until the sweet potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes.nPuree the soup using an immersion blender until smooth and velvety. Finish by stirring in the heavy cream. Top each bowl with sour cream if using., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 Vidalia onion, finely chopped, 12inch knob ginger, peeled and finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 chipotle pepper, canned in adobo sauce, 4 cups chicken broth, 1 14 cups apple cider, 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cubed about 2 pounds, 34 cup heavy whipping cream, Sour cream, for serving, optional], title: Sweet Potato Bisque, picturelink: Qo4G5DfdVG2hqqamkba23Nq9TpINOi}, 722: {instructions: Cook the noodles according to the package directions. Drain, transfer to a large bowl, and cover with aluminum foil or plastic wrap to keep warm.nMeanwhile, in a medium saucepan, whisk together the sauce ingredients until well blended and set the pan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and let simmer for 10 minutes.nHeat the peanut oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the ginger and garlic and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the bell pepper and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the beef and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add 1 cup of the peanut sauce and simmer until the beef is cooked through, about 5 minutes.nTransfer the beef mixture to the noodles and toss to combine, and then serve on individual plates topped with the peanuts and scallions. The leftover peanut sauce will keep in the refrigerator up to 4 days or in the freezer up to 3 months thaw completely in the refrigerator or microwave for about 3 minutes on LOW before using., ingredients: [8 ounces somen or soba noodles or wholewheat spaghetti, 3 cups reducedsodium beef broth, 2 tablespoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 teaspoon peeled and minced fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 14 pounds lean beef steak such as sirloin or flank, cut crosswise into 14inchthick strips, 14 cup chopped dryroasted peanuts, 14 cup chopped scallions white and green parts], title: Beef and Noodles in Thai Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 723: {instructions: If desired, rim the glass with chocolate: pour some ground chocolate onto a small plate. Roll the outer rim edge of the champagne flute in the chocolate.nPour the stout into the glass, taking care to make as little foam as possible. The best way to do this: tilt the glass and pour the beer slowly down the inside of the glass. Slowly pour Prosecco down over the back of a spoon and into the glass, layering the two alcohols for a dramatic cocktail. Drink., ingredients: [Semisweet ground chocolate optional, 2 ounces chocolate stout, preferably a robust one recommended: Youngs, 2 ounces Prosecco, Serving suggestion: chilled champagne flute], title: Chocolate Velvet, picturelink: gm52epU3C69fBjyx3mvYCmaUzeYUJ76}, 724: {instructions: Mix the oatmeal, 4 cups water and salt together in a saucepan and let it simmer on mediumlow for 25 minutes. Keep it in the fridge if not eating immediately. Reheat the quantity of oatmeal desired in a saucepan on mediumlow.nAdd the sugar, butter, cream and fruit and let it go for 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup steelcut oatmeal, 1 pinch salt, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup cream, 1 peach, diced], title: SteelCut Oatmeal, picturelink: null}, 725: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the potatoes in a large pot, cover with cold water and season with salt. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to medium and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain well, then cool slightly. Return the potatoes to the pot and, using a masher, mash the potatoes.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in medium, heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and corn and saute about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the cream and cook over mediumlow heat for 3 minutes longer.nAdd the sauteed corn to the mashed potatoes and stir to combine until the liquid is fully absorbed. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds small Yukon gold potatoes, Salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 small yellow onion, roughly chopped, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 2 cups corn, from about 2 ears of corn, or 2 cups frozen and thawed kernels, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups heavy cream], title: Corn Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: KrE7r0KsYIfiVAWEfE9ohvUbzdIlUsO}, 726: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pretzel crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCrush the pretzels in a large resealable plastic bag with a rolling pin. Mix in a bowl with the butter and brown sugar. Press into a pie pan and bake for 8 minutes. Remove and set aside to cool.nFor the strawberry filling: Put 1 12 cups water, the granulated sugar, cornstarch and gelatin powder in a saucepan. Stir together and bring to a boil. Cook until it starts to thicken, then remove from the heat.nPut the strawberries in a bowl and pour over the sauce, gently tossing together. Allow to cool slightly, then carefully pile the coated strawberries into the cooled pie crust. Spoon over any leftover sauce and refrigerate, uncovered, for 4 hours.nPour the cream into the bowl of a mixer, and use the whisk attachment to whisk until billowy. Top the pie with a huge layer of whipped cream, spooned on with a big spoon., ingredients: [3 12 cups pretzels, 1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, melted, 13 cup packed brown sugar, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 package strawberryflavored gelatin powder, 3 pints strawberries, hulled and halved, 2 cups heavy cream], title: Strawberry Pretzel Pie, picturelink: oj2OibXJO1usGOMnGkbmuiF6slBssm2}, 727: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs, adding the broccoli, carrots, bell pepper and peas during the last 3 minutes of cooking. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain the pasta and vegetables and return to the pot.nMeanwhile, make the sauce: Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until it begins to soften, about 1 minute. Add the vegetable broth, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste bring to a simmer and cook until slightly reduced, about 3 minutes. Whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter until melted and the sauce is thickened, about 1 more minute.nPour the sauce over the pasta and vegetables and add the cheese, parsley and lemon juice. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the cheese melts, about 1 minute, adding enough of the reserved pasta water to loosen the sauce. Season with salt and pepper and top with more cheese.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces tricolor fusilli, 4 cups broccoli florets, 3 carrots, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, cut into thin strips, 1 cup frozen peas, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup lowsodium vegetable or chicken broth, Freshly ground pepper, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley or basil, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Pasta Primavera, picturelink: ALyyoLKZWOSNWqDh2PzmB06.QMqsFKu}, 728: {instructions: Oatmeal Crust Preparation: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine oats, almonds, powdered sugar, flour, cinnamon and salt in a bowl. Stir in butter. Greasespray a 9inch pie pan. Press half of oatmeal mixture into bottom and up sides. Take remaining half of oatmeal mixture and spread it out onto a greased cookie sheet as if making 1 large cookie. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown. Set aside to cool while making pie filling.nApplePear Cream Filling Preparation: In a saucepan, whisk together sugars, lemon juice, butter and maple flavor over medium heat. In a small mixing bowl, combine flour, cornstarch, cinnamon and salt and sprinkle into sugar mixture in saucepan. Mix in sliced apples and pears. Cook for about 8 to 10 minutes until mixture starts to thicken. Remove from heat. Using an electric mixer, whip cream cheese and heavy cream until smooth. Stir cream cheese mixture into warm apple mixture until well incorporated. Pour filling into prepared pie crust.nAssembly: Take baked large oatmeal cookie and crumble it into small chunks. Sprinkle oatmeal crumble onto pie filling, covering it almost completely. Bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour at 375 degrees F. Cool at least 30 minutes. While pie is cooling, prepare caramel sauce.nFor Caramel Sauce: Unwrap caramel candies. In the top of a double boiler, melt the caramels in the evaporated milk, stirring constantly until the sauce is smooth and pourable. Pour caramel sauce in a zigzag pattern over cooled pie. May serve with whipped cream or ice cream, if desired., ingredients: [3 cups oats, 1 cup slivered almonds, chopped, 34 cup powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Dash salt, 12 cup butter, softened or melted, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup butter, 1 teaspoon maple flavoring, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Dash, salt, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, sliced, 3 Anjou pears, peeled, sliced, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 1 14ounce package individually wrapped caramels, 1 can evaporated milk], title: Caramel ApplePear Granola Cream Pie, picturelink: null}, 729: {instructions: Put some simple syrup in one saucer and some crushed graham crackers in another. Dip the rim of a martini glass into the simple syrup and then into the crushed graham crackers. Set aside.nAdd ice to a cocktail shaker. Add the vodka, apple juice, pumpkin spice and 12 ounce simple syrup shake well. Strain into the prepped martini glass. Top off with the pumpkin beer to just below the graham cracker rim.nCombine the sugar with 12 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a light simmer. Cook until the sugar is dissolved, then remove from the heat and let cool completely., ingredients: [Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Crushed graham crackers, for the rim, 2 ounces vodka, 1 12 ounces Granny Smith apple juice, 18 teaspoon pumpkin spice, 12 ounce pumpkin beer, or more as necessary, 12 cup sugar], title: The Harvest Moon, picturelink: 3nd4sIAfIkXmY5cGOBm4uOX.Tym4o.}, 730: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, bring stock or broth to a simmer. Add chicken and poach until just cooked through. With a spider or slotted spoon, remove chicken and set aside. Set stock aside for later use.nIn a 10quart saucepot, melt butter over medium heat and then add onions, carrots, and celery and saute for a couple of minutes. Add mushrooms and continue to cook until onions are about transparent, being careful not to brown. Add flour and gently mix well. Cook this mixture over low heat for 6 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally and gently so as not to break up the vegetables. Scrape the bottom of the pan often with a wooden spoon so that the roux doesnt burn. Increase the heat and add the chicken stock in 3 additions, whisking well after each so that no lumps appear and returning to a brief simmer each time.nAdd bay leaf, salt, and pepper, and cook over low heat for about 10 more minutes. Add poached chicken and warm heavy cream, and stir well. Spoon equal portions into 6 individual 16ounce ovenproof casserole dishes or bowls. Top with your favorite pie dough or puff pastry.nIn a small bowl, whisk together 2 egg whites with a little water. Brush dough with egg wash. Place casseroles on a sheet pan and bake until golden brown on top. Remove from the oven and let cool for 5 to 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [6 12 cups hearty chicken stock or broth, Six 6ounce boneless skinless chicken breasts, diced, 1 stick butter, 2 12 cups diced onions, 2 14 cups diced carrots, 1 34 cups diced celery, 12 pound medium mushrooms, quartered, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, or 12 teaspoon black pepper, 34 cup heavy whipping cream, warmed, Storebought puff pastry or pie dough, 2 egg whites], title: 30Mile Pot Pie, picturelink: 3ENo21eejvN1rr1N6lJfWKGNXyU1Uq}, 731: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Lightly grease and flour a 9x13inch pan.nTo make the crust: Place the flour, sugar, and salt in a large bowl or food processor fitted with a steel blade and mix to combine. Add the vanilla and butter, a little at a time, and mix until it resembles cornmeal. Press into the prepared baking pan and transfer to the oven. Bake until slightly golden but not brown, about 12 to 15 minutes. Set aside to cool.nLower the oven temperature to 400 degrees.nTo make the filling: Place the cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla in the bowl of a mixer fitted with a paddle and beat until creamy. Add the egg, mix to combine, an pour over the cooled crust.nPlace the sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl and mix to combine.nPlace the apples on top of the filling in two or three columns. Sprinkle with the cinnamon sugar and transfer to the oven. Bake until firm and a rich brown, about 20 minutes. Cut into 20 to 24 pieces., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, cold and cut into pieces, 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, if desired, cored, and thinly sliced], title: Apple Kuchen, picturelink: null}, 732: {instructions: To make the stew: Heat the butter in a 9inch castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the carrot, celery, mushrooms, and salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Add the onions and cook, stirring, until browned, about 1 minute more. Stir in the flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Pour in the chicken broth, bring the stew to a boil, stirring constantly. Simmer until the mixture is very thick, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken and return to a boil. Remove from the heat. Season with pepper to taste and stir in the parsley, chives, and dill. Set aside while you make the biscuit topping.nTo make the biscuit dough: In a large bowl whisk the flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt until evenly combined. Rub 2 tablespoons of the butter into the flour with your fingertips, until it is completely absorbed. Work the remaining butter into the flour until it is in even pieces about the size of a pea. Add the lemon zest to the milk. Gently stir the milk into the flour mixture to make a loose dough.nLightly dust a clean work surface with flour and turn the dough out onto it. Pat the dough by hand into a 12inch thick rectangle. Fold the dough in thirds like a business letter. After folding the biscuit dough into thirds, pat into a 10inch wide disc.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nBring the chicken and vegetable mixture to a boil and place the biscuit dough on top. Using a paring knife, make a small hole in the center of the dough. Using a pastry brush, brush the biscuit top lightly with milk. Transfer the skillet to a baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Let the pie rest at room temperature for 5 minutes before serving.nPut the parsley, thyme, onion, carrot, celery, and chicken breasts in a medium saucepan. Cover with the broth, and bring just to a boil. Lower the heat to very low and cover. Poach the chicken for 20 minutes or until firm to the touch. Remove the pan from the heat, uncover, and cool the chicken in the liquid for 30 minutes.nTransfer the chicken to a cutting board and reserve the liquid. Bone and skin the chicken and cut the meat into 34 inch cubes. Discard the bones and skin.nStrain the broth and store, covered, in the refrigerator for 3 days or freeze for later use. Remove any fat from the surface of the broth before using., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 medium carrots, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 celery stalk with leaves, cut into 12inch pieces, 5 button mushrooms, quartered, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 cup frozen pearl onions, thawed, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill, 4 cups 34 inch diced POACHED CHICKEN,recipe follows, or other cooked chicken, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 7 tablespoons cold unsalted butter,sliced, 34 cup milk, plus for brushing the top, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 10 sprigs parsley, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 small onion, halved, 1 small carrot, halved, 1 stalk celery, halved, 3 pounds chicken breasts halves, on the bone and fat trimmed, 5 to 6 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned], title: Chicken Biscuit Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 733: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together the wine, the lemon juice, the parsley, the oil, the pepper, and salt to taste and add the onion. In another bowl, toss together the carrots, the squash, and the zucchini, add about 14 cup of the liquid from the onion mixture, and toss the mixture well. Spread the onion mixture in the bottom of a greased glass baking dish, 15 by 10 by 2 inches.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nOn a work surface, arrange the flounder fillet halves, skinned sides up, beginning with the narrow end roll up each fillet half jellyroll fashion, and secure each roll with a wooden pick. Arrange the fish rolls, seam sides down and not touching each other, on the onion mixture. Put an oiled sheet of parchment or waxed paper directly on them, and bake the mixture in the middle of the oven for 8 minutes. Spread the vegetable mixture around the rolls and bake the mixture, the fish covered directly with the parchment, for 7 to 12 minutes more, or until the fish just flakes. Transfer the vegetables to a heated platter, arrange the fish rolls on top of them, and spoon the juices over the top., ingredients: [14 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup olive oil, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, Salt, 1 onion, sliced thin, 3 carrots, cut into 2inch julienne strips, 1 yellow squash, cut into 2inch julienne strips, 1 zucchini, cut into 2inch julienne strips, 4 6 to 8ounce flounder fillets, halved lengthwise and seasoned with salt and pepper], title: Baked Flounder Fillets with LemonPepper Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 734: {instructions: Whisk the flour, 34 cup sugar, the baking powder, lime zest, cardamom and salt in a medium bowl. Work in the diced butter with your fingertips until the mixture looks sandy. Stir in the dried cranberries. Lightly beat the eggs and heavy cream in a small bowl, then stir into the flour mixture to make a shaggy dough. Transfer to a sheet of plastic wrap shape into a disk. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nRoll out the dough on a generously floured surface until about 14 inch thick. Cut out circles with a 1 12 to 2inch round cookie cutter arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Refrigerate until ready to cook, at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour.nHeat a large skillet or griddle over mediumlow heat. Put the remaining 1 cup sugar in a medium bowl. Working in batches, brush the skillet with melted butter, then add the dough rounds. Cook until lightly browned and cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Brush the skillet with more butter between batches. Toss the warm cookies in the sugar, then transfer to racks to cool completely. Store in an airtight container for 3 to 5 days the texture actually improves after a day.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 34 cups sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, diced, plus 4 tablespoons melted, 34 cup dried cranberries, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons heavy cream], title: Welsh Cranberry Skillet Cookies, picturelink: mqXybd3nspMn6ynfdGJtm3s4nfK9T2}, 735: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat 9x9inch baking pan with nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE sour cream, milk and 12 teaspoon almond extract in medium bowl. Stir in muffin mixes until blended. Spread evenly in prepared pan.nCOMBINE peanut butter, brown sugar, flour and 12 teaspoon almond extract in medium bowl with a fork until crumbs form. Stir jam until smooth. Drop small spoonfuls over top of batter. Swirl with a knife. Crumble streusel over jam.nBAKE 35 to 40 minutes or until golden brown. Cool 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [em, 2 7 oz. pkgs. Martha Whiteu00ae Strawberry Flavored Muffin Mix, Peanut Butter Streusel:, em, 12 cup Jifu00ae Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter, 14 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 13 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 tsp. almond extract, 13 cup Smuckersu00ae Seedless Strawberry Jam, Coffee Cake:, Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 cup sour cream, 13 cup milk], title: Strawberry Coffee Cake with Peanut Butter Streusel, picturelink: tGjCP3h9ee1NHYGxOUzVueoVwHk7QyC}, 736: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nRemove the chicken giblets. Rinse the chicken inside and out. Remove any excess fat and leftover pin feathers and pat the outside dry. Liberally salt and pepper the inside of the chicken. Stuff the cavity with the bunch of thyme, both halves of lemon, and all the garlic. Brush the outside of the chicken with the butter and sprinkle again with salt and pepper. Tie the legs together with kitchen string and tuck the wing tips under the body of the chicken. Place the onions, carrots, and fennel in a roasting pan. Toss with salt, pepper, 20 sprigs of thyme, and olive oil. Spread around the bottom of the roasting pan and place the chicken on top.nRoast the chicken for 1 12 hours, or until the juices run clear when you cut between a leg and thigh. Remove the chicken and vegetables to a platter and cover with aluminum foil for about 20 minutes. Slice the chicken onto a platter and serve it with the vegetables., ingredients: [1 5 to 6 pound roasting chicken, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 large bunch fresh thyme, plus 20 sprigs, 1 lemon, halved, 1 head garlic, cut in half crosswise, 2 tablespoons 14 stick butter, melted, 1 large yellow onion, thickly sliced, 4 carrots cut into 2inch chunks, 1 bulb of fennel, tops removed, and cut into wedges, Olive oil], title: Perfect Roast Chicken, picturelink: null}, 737: {instructions: Remove the turtle meat from the can of soup and chop it into small pieces. Pour the soup into a pan and heat. Add the turtle meat and simmer. Into the top of a heated double boiler, place the lemon juice and some freshly ground salt and white pepper. Beat in the egg yolks and gradually add the cubes of butter stirring constantly. Whisk in the curry powder and nutmeg. Continue beating and increase the heat under the soup. Dribble the cold cream down the sides of the pan and beat in thoroughly. The sauce will now be thickening very fast, so lower the heat under the double boiler. If the sauce curdles, then add an ice cube and whip it away from the heat. Pour the hot soup into cups and top with the thick cream sauce. Serve at once., ingredients: [2 cups canned Turtle Soup, Juice from 14 lemon, Freshly ground salt and white pepper, 2 egg yolks, 3 ounces butter, cut into 3 pieces, 12 teaspoon curry powder, Pinch nutmeg, 2 tablespoons cold whipping cream], title: Consomme Lady Curzon, picturelink: 7D1m649UQrKy5akE1JThJiUsbZLOelu}, 738: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBegin by blooming the gelatin. In a small bowl, add the water and slowly pour in the gelatin powder, stirring well until fully incorporated. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the coconut cream and milk. Stir well with a whisk to combine. Bring to a simmer then stir in the gelatin mixture. Once the mixture comes to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes.nSpray an 8 by 8inch nonstick square cake pan with a little nonstick spray this will help hold down the plastic wrap. Line the cake pan with plastic wrap 1 sheet across 1 way and another sheet across the other way, works well, leaving enough overhang so you can pick the jelly up from the pan. Give the coconut mixture a final whisk and pour it into the lined pan. Allow to cool slightly before putting it in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours or overnight.nTo serve, remove the jelly from pan using the plastic wrap and invert it onto a cutting board. Remove the plastic wrap and discard. Using a hot knife cut the jelly into 1 12inch cubes. Serve in small bowls with chilled pineapple chunks, pineapple juice and maraschino cherries., ingredients: [1 cup warm water, 4 sachets powdered gelatin just shy of 4 tablespoons, 3 cups cream of coconut, 12 cup whole milk, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups canned pineapple chunks in sweetened juice, 12 cup maraschino cherries with stems], title: Coconut Jelly, picturelink: bTGxLzppyWD.M0SuK2Tf.MJM0aN.5C}, 739: {instructions: For the garlic mixture: Place the oil and garlic in a shallow frying pan. Mix until combined and the oil just covers the garlic, adding more oil as necessary. Cook over medium heat until the oil begins to bubble and the garlic turns golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Immediately remove from the heat and drain off the oil. Set the garlic aside and let cool.nFor the BBQ marinade: Combine the pear puree, sugar, soy sauce, oyster sauce, rice wine, pepper, schichimi togarashi and 5spice powder in a 2quart saucepan and mix thoroughly with a whisk. Cook over high heat until the mixture comes to a boil. Add the prepared garlic mixture, lower the heat and simmer until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the onion and scallion. Let cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, remove any excess fat and sinew from the ribs. Cut into 12inch cubes and transfer to a 4quart container.nSlowly pour the cooled BBQ marinade over the ribs and mix until thoroughly coated. Marinate the ribs in the refrigerator at least 8 hours.nDrain the ribs and onion of excess BBQ marinade through a sieve or strainer. Heat the oil in a frying pan over high heat, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the ribs and onion and cook, mixing often to prevent burning, until caramelized and cooked to desired doneness, 2 to 3 minutes for mediumrare, 3 to 5 minutes for medium. Serve on rice, bread or salad., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more if needed, 8 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup Asian pear puree preferably from Korean Shingo pears, 2 heaping tablespoons Chinese yellow rock sugar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 14 teaspoon shichimi togarashi Japanese 7spice powder, Pinch 5spice powder, 1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced, 1 inch scallion, sliced, 2 pounds uncut boneless short ribs, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: 7Spice Garlic BBQ Short Ribs, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 740: {instructions: Toast 2 teaspoons fivespice powder in a small saucepan over medium heat with 1 tablespoon peanut oil, about 1 minute. Add 1 cup hoisin sauce, 3 tablespoons each honey and rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce and 1 cup water. Boil and reduce to 1 12 cups, about 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [], title: HoisinSpice Glaze, picturelink: 01uXCVnBGQKiTWvCDzPHtUNXyJ7Gs1y}, 741: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat the oil. Add the onions and the garlic, stirring to coat with the oil. Add the potatoes and the meat. Saute until brown and hot., ingredients: [1 12 pounds baking potatoes, like russets, skinned, cubed and parboiled, 1 large Spanish onion, cut into chunks, 14 cup canola oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 pound mixed scraps of pastrami, corned beef, salami, franks, etc., cut into 12inch pieces], title: Wolf HashHome Fries with Pastrami, Corned Beef, and Salami Tidbits, picturelink: qOTxPL8UQ2knJdF9bbG0BJU1TDh8iK}, 742: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the chopped walnuts on a baking pan toast until fragrant, 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer nuts to a bowl to cool.nIncrease oven temperature to 400 degrees F.nLine a 9 by 13inch baking pan with parchment paper and generously butter set aside.nCombine the unsweetened chocolate and butter in a heatproof bowl or the top of a double boiler. Set over a pan of simmering water until mixture has melted. Remove from heat set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the eggs, sugar, and espresso at high speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Reduce speed to low, and add the melted chocolate mixture and the vanilla beat until combined. Slowly add the flour and salt beat just until incorporated. Fold in the chopped chocolate and toasted walnuts. Pour into prepared pan.nBake until edges are dry but center is still soft, about 35 minutes. Remove from oven. In a medium bowl, combine chopped walnuts, chocolate chunks, and marshmallows. Sprinkle evenly over brownies to cover.nReturn to oven and continue to bake until the chocolate is partially melted and the marshmallows are soft and very lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool for 20 minutes. Using a serrated knife, cut into 8 squares serve warm or at room temperature. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 days., ingredients: [1 cup coarsely chopped walnuts optional, 8 ounces bestquality unsweetened chocolate, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for pan, 5 large eggs, 3 12 cups sugar, 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 23 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup coarsely chopped semisweet chocolate 3 ounces, 1 cup coarsely chopped walnuts 4 ounces, 1 cup coarsely chopped semisweet chocolate 6 ounces, 2 cups miniature marshmallows], title: Rocky Road Brownies, picturelink: null}, 743: {instructions: Whisk the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Whisk the eggs in a medium bowl until frothy add the buttermilk, mashed banana, 4 tablespoons of the butter and vanilla and stir to combine. Stir the wet mixture into the dry until just combined, taking care not to over mix. Cover with plastic wrap and let the mixture rest for 10 minutes.nPreheat a waffle iron to mediumhigh. Preheat the oven to 200u00b0F. Brush the inside of the iron evenly with some of the remaining butter. Pour in enough batter to lightly cover the surface of the iron, about 13 to 34 cup, depending on the size of the iron. Take into consideration that the batter will spread once the lid is closed. Cook until the waffles are crisp and golden, 5 to 7 minutes. Repeat with the remaining butter and batter, keeping the cooked waffles warm in the oven until ready to serve.nWhisk the cream and confectioners sugar in a medium bowl until soft peaks form. Slice the remaining banana if using. Serve the waffles topped with the whipped cream, banana slices and walnuts and drizzled with maple syrup., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, u00bc teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, 1u00be cups buttermilk, at room temperature, 1 very ripe banana, mashed, plus 1 banana, for serving optional, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for the waffle iron, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, u00bd cup heavy cream, very cold, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, u00bd cup toasted walnuts, broken into small pieces, Maple syrup, for serving], title: Banana Buttermilk Waffles, picturelink: 47OU6SQLbZQ6aDOiFQ81oJonoFUJvGq}, 744: {instructions: Cook 2 garlic cloves in a pot with butter. Add 12 cups chopped spinach, 13 cup cream, 1 cup grated parmesan and some Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Cook until wilted stir in 1 cup canned artichoke hearts. Spoon over chips sprinkle with mozzarella and bake.nPhotograph by Jonny Valiant, ingredients: [], title: SpinachArtichoke Nachos, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 745: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9by13inch rectangular pan.nMix together the butter, flour, oats, brown sugar, baking powder and salt. Press half the oat mixture into the prepared pan. Spread with the strawberry preserves. Sprinkle the other half of the oat mixture over the top and pat lightly. Bake until light brown, 30 to 40 minutes. Let cool completely, and then cut into squares., ingredients: [1 34 sticks salted butter, cut into pieces, plus more for greasing pan, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cup oats, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, One 10 to 12ounce jar strawberry preserves], title: Strawberry Oatmeal Bars, picturelink: SaYyNYaMbVdqfKvoQI9pqnfoPKjuPRy}, 746: {instructions: For the coconut whipped cream: Chill the bowl and whisk of a stand mixer in the freezer for about 10 minutes. If they are not very cold, the cream will not whip properly. Skim the solidified coconut cream from the chilled can of coconut milk and transfer the solids to the bowl of the stand mixer. Do not include any of the coconut water, even if you have to leave behind a little margin of coconut cream even a little bit of coconut water can harm your results.nAdd the powdered sugar and whip for a few minutes until the mixture begins to stiffen and turn into whipped cream. Chill the whipped cream in a covered container in the refrigerator. It should firm up even more as it sits in the refrigerator for the next few hours or overnight.nFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup muffin pans with 14 cupcake liners and spray the liners with cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt. In a separate bowl, whisk together the oil, maple syrup, lemon zest and juice, lemon extract and 34 cup water. Pour the wet mixture into the dry mixture and whisk until just combined. Do not overmix.nFill the cupcake liners evenly with the batter. Bake for about 18 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the cupcakes comes out dry, with a few crumbs clinging to it. Rotate halfway through the baking time. Cool the cupcakes completely before unmolding.nTo serve: Top each cupcake with some coconut whipped cream. Garnish each cupcake with fresh berries, mint leaves andor lemon zest., ingredients: [One 13.5ounce can of coconut milk not light, such as Thai Kitchen brand or Whole Foods 365 brand, chilled in the refrigerator overnight be sure not to shake or stir, 14 cup powdered sugar, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the cupcake liners, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 34 cup maple syrup, 2 tablespoons lemon zest about 2 lemons plus 14 cup lemon juice, plus additional zest, for garnish, 1 tablespoon lemon extract, Fresh berries and mint leaves, for garnish], title: LemonOlive Oil Cupcakes with Coconut Whipped Cream, picturelink: V.l.7JDpdKsGbjiy7dqgAJykuIbJSG2}, 747: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place the cauliflower on a rimmed baking sheet. Toss with 2 tablespoons olive oil and sprinkle with some salt and pepper. Roast until tender and charred in places, about 20 minutes. Let cool.nIn a large bowl, combine the roasted cauliflower, cherry tomatoes, chard leaves and stems, lentils, orzo, olives, parsley, dill and mint. Add the lemon zest and juice, red pepper flakes, the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and salt and pepper to taste. Fold to combine and serve., ingredients: [1 large head or 2 small heads cauliflower about 1 12 pounds, cut into 1inch florets, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved or quartered if large, 2 cups lightly packed red chard leaves about 4 large leaves plus 14 cup finely sliced chard stems, 1 23 cups cooked brown lentils from about 23 cup raw, 1 heaping cup cooked orzo from about 3 ounces raw, 12 cup pitted green olives, roughly chopped, 12 cup packed parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons sliced fresh mint, 12 teaspoon lemon zest plus 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes], title: Lentil and Orzo Salad with Roasted Cauliflower, Chard and Herbs, picturelink: 97JgYe18AoExSGgGtnkkj0fGzuvohm}, 748: {instructions: Evenly position 2 racks in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone sheets. If you only have 1 baking sheet, let it cool completely between batches.nWhisk the sugars, eggs, oil, and vanilla in a large bowl until smooth.nWhisk the flours, baking soda, and salt in another bowl. Stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients with a wooden spoon take care not to overmix. Stir in the chocolate chips or chunks and dried fruit.nScoop heaping tablespoons of the dough onto the prepared pans. Wet hands slightly and roll the dough into balls. Space the cookies about 2 inches apart on the pans. Bake until golden but still soft in the center, about 12 to 14 minutes, depending on how chewy or crunchy you like your cookies. Transfer hot cookies with a spatula to a rack to cool. Serve.nStore cookies in a tightly sealed container for up to 3 days.nCopyright c 2008 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved, ingredients: [34 cup packed dark brown sugar, 34 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 cup oil, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup wholewheat pastry flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate chips or chunks, 4 ounces dried cranberries or dried cherries], title: Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: pcBdxc2G7g68LQ0TL5I3pO3DciS9xK}, 749: {instructions: Bring the water to a boil in a large pot. Turn off heat. Add tea bags and steep for 5 to 10 minutes. Allow to cool.nAdd 12ounces of the peaches to a blender and puree until it reaches a smooth consistency.nCombine the cool tea, peach puree, peach nectar, peach liquor and remaining slices of peaches to a glass pitcher. Serve over tall glasses of ice with a sprig of mint to garnish., ingredients: [8 bags English Breakfast Tea, 1 bag hibiscus tea, 8 cups water, 1 16ounce bag sliced frozen peaches, thawed, divided, 1 12ounce can peach nectar, chilled, 14 cup peach liquor, Fresh Mint, for garnish], title: Neelys Peach Iced Tea, picturelink: null}, 750: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove the legs and wings from the turkey, or have your butcher do it. Reserve for stock.nPut turkey breast into a large pot or doubled up clean plastic bag. When brine mixture is completely cooled, pour over turkey and place in refrigerator for 12 hours.nRinse under clear cool water for 5 minutes, drain well and pat dry with paper towels.nIn a small bowl, combine dried spices and lemon zest. Rub turkey with canola oil, lightly sprinkle rub on turkey, any extra rub can be placeed in cavity. Cover loosely, refrigerate for 4 hours.nRemove from refrigerator and let rest on counter for 15 minutesnPreheat oven to 425 degrees F while turkey is resting.nIn a large, deep baking pan, fitted with a rack, place turkey breast side down and roast for 35 minutes. Carefully turn turkey over and reduce heat to 375 degrees F. Continue to roast turkey for 1 hour 45 minutes or until temperature at the deepest part of the breast reads 170 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Make sure to check bird every 15 minutes after first hour has passed.nTake out of oven, loosely tent with foil, let rest in pan for 10 minutes. Carve and serve immediately.nIn a large stock pot, combine 3 quarts water, 1 cup kosher salt, brown sugar, molasses, sage leaves and peppercorns. Heat until salt dissolves, remove from heat. Add in 3 quarts cool water and 8 cups ice.nYield: brine for 1 turkey breast 10 pounds, ingredients: [1 14 to 16pound fresh turkey, Brine, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon dry rubbed sage, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon granulated onion, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon oregano, 1 teaspoon thyme, 1 lemon, zested, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 6 quarts water, 8 cups ice cubes, 1 cup kosher salt, 13 cup brown sugar, 12 cup molasses, 7 fresh sage leaves, 1 tablespoons black peppercorns], title: Foolproof Turkey Breast, picturelink: TfV0T0gBrVnUpuDZautoFxm9z6TbFVu}, 751: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees.nUsing 4 flameproof and ovenproof ramekins, set the ramekins over very low heat on the stove top, add the butter to the dish and break the eggs directly into the gently warming butter. Allow them to cook on the range top for 1 minute only until the egg whites begin to coagulate. While the eggs begin to cook season each ramekin with salt and pepper.nPour an equal amount of cream into each dish and top the eggs with a equal portion of truffle slices.nPlace the ramekins on a cookie sheet and put them into the oven to finish cooking. Allow 4 to 5 minutes for the egg yolks to be slightly runny and the whites fully cooked.nServe with toasted brioche or croissants., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 large whole eggs, 1ounce black truffle, thinly sliced, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Shirred Eggs, picturelink: null}, 752: {instructions: Fill a pint glass half full with the lager beer. Using a spoon and a slow, controlled pour, layer Stout on top of lager beer. Serve cold., ingredients: [Irish Stout, Lager beer], title: Black and Tan, picturelink: null}, 753: {instructions: Put the oil in a large pot and add the popcorn kernels. Cover the pot with a tightfitting lid and heat over medium heat. Once the popping starts, shake the pot occasionally until the popping subsides. Transfer the popcorn to 2 large bowls, divide the melted butter between them and toss to coat.nFor the Parmesan herb popcorn: Combine the Parmesan, Italian seasoning, red pepper flakes and a sprinkle of seasoned salt in a small bowl. Sprinkle on top of 1 of the bowls of buttered popcorn and toss to coat. Makes: 15 cupsnFor the cinnamon sugar popcorn: Combine the sugar, cinnamon and salt in a small bowl. Sprinkle over the second bowl of buttered popcorn and toss to coat. Drizzle over the caramel syrup. Makes: 15 cups, ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 34 cup popcorn kernels, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 34 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon dried Italian seasoning, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Seasoned salt, such as Lawrys, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons caramel syrup, such as Monins], title: Sweet and Savory Popcorn, picturelink: H9eQssvxaOqxYE7Ms6sec4ifwjdV2Wq}, 754: {instructions: Preheat grill to medium.nWith a fork prick the potatoes 4 to 5 times, smear them with a little butter and sprinkle each potato with salt. Wrap in foil. Place the potatoes on the grill and cook for 40 to 45 minutes turning every so often.nIn a mixing bowl add butter, garlic, chives and pepper. Whip together until well incorporated. Take a piece of plastic wrap and lay it on the counter. Place the butter mixture on the plastic wrap and shape into a log or place the bowl in refrigerator covered to firm it back up. When your potatoes are cooked take butter out of the refrigerator, slice open the potatoes and top with herb butter., ingredients: [2 large russet potatoes, 1 stick butter, softened, plus more for brushing, Salt and pepper, 2 garlic cloves, mashed into a paste, 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Baked Potatoes with Herb Butter, picturelink: KMMwlpgGVCt1CQmCjmB0rZzyaxZ8qaG}, 755: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSpread the tomatillos, garlic, jalapenos, bell pepper, poblano and onion on a baking sheet and season with salt and pepper. Drizzle with olive oil and toss everything to coat. Roast until the vegetables are soft, 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool for a few minutes.nRemove the seeds from the peppers. Put all of the roasted vegetables and the cilantro into a food processor or blender. Process until still a bit chunky. Thin with some water if it is too thick. Stir in the lime zest and juice. Let cool completely.nUse immediately or pour into freezer bags, label and freeze., ingredients: [1 pound tomatillos, husked, washed and halved, 4 cloves garlic, 2 jalapeno peppers, 1 green bell pepper, 1 poblano pepper, 1 onion, cut into quarters, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 small bunch fresh cilantro, leaves only, Zest and juice of 1 12 limes], title: Roasted Tomatillo Sauce, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 756: {instructions: Lightly wipe the caps clean with a paper towel. Cut into 12inch slices, place in a large ziptop bag and add 34 cup of balsamic dressing. Squeeze air from bag and seal. Lightly massage the mushrooms to ensure they are all evenly coated. Marinate in refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours.nHeat olive oil in a large saute pan over medium high heat. Add the marinated mushrooms and saute for about 6 to 8 minutes until tender.nMeanwhile in a small bowl, stir together ricotta, 2 tablespoons balsamic dressing, and Italian seasoning season with salt and pepper and set aside.nSpread crostini with the ricotta mixture. Top each crostini with a portobello slice and cross with a red pepper strip. Garnish with oregano leaf., ingredients: [3 large portobello mushrooms caps, 34 cup light roasted garlic balsamic salad dressing, plus 2 tablespoons divided, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup lowfat ricotta, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning recommended: McCormick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 16ounce bag storebought crostini, 12 cup roasted red bell pepper, cut into 12inch wide strips, Fresh oregano leaves, for garnish], title: Roasted Portobello Crostini, picturelink: B7m5QnT8E7bG5blB6KMMKmF8jb5Xwa}, 757: {instructions: In a large heavy saute pan, cook the chorizo over mediumhigh heat until crisp, about 6 minutes. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel to drain off excess fat.nIn a saucepan, add the wine and lemon juice. Bring slowly to a boil and reduce the heat to medium low. Add the cheese and cornstarch and whisk until the cheese is fully melted.nArrange the tortilla chips on a serving platter. Drizzle with the melted cheese mixture. Top with chorizoonion mixture. Garnish with the cilantro and chives. Serve immediately., ingredients: [9 ounces raw pork chorizo, removed from casing, 12 cup chopped white onions, 34 cup white wine, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 pound shredded Monterrey Jack cheese, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, One 11ounce package tortilla chips, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon chopped chives], title: Chorizo Nachos, picturelink: AVVEidN14JoZMw6LhmkuMFaR344zLEe}, 758: {instructions: Heat olive oil in deep 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook onion, stirring occasionally, 8 minutes or until tender. Add garlic and cook 30 seconds. Stir in artichoke hearts, olives, capers and Sauce. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low, then add cod. Simmer covered 10 minutes or until cod flakes with a fork., ingredients: [2 Tbsp. olive oil, 1 medium onion, sliced, 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced, 1 can 14 oz. artichoke hearts, drained and quartered, 14 cup chopped Kalamata olives, 1 Tbsp. capers, rinsed, drained and chopped, if desired, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Vineyard Premium Collections Portobello Mushroom with Merlot Sauce, 6 cod fillets about 112 lbs.], title: Tuscan Braised Cod, picturelink: M5nMTqbOTWFu3.smlQFOtnez7UxRhKG}, 759: {instructions: Special equipment: a bundt pannFor the strata: In a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter. Add the garlic and onion and cook until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the oyster and shiitake mushrooms and chopped thyme and saute until the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes. Remove the mushrooms to a plate. In the same saucepan, add the sausage and cook until no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Transfer the sausage to the plate, leaving the drippings behind for gravy refrigerate the drippings until ready to make the gravy.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the milk, cream and eggs. Season with salt and pepper. Add the cheese and reserved mushrooms and sausage to the mixture. Mix in the bread cubes. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours and up to 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nGrease a bundt pan with oil. Add a little flour to the pan so the strata doesnt stick. Add the strata mixture to the pan and bake until deep golden brown, 50 to 60 minutes. Let cool slightly, then transfer to a plate.nFor the gravy: While the strata is baking, heat the reserved sausage drippings in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the butter and cook until melted. Add the flour and continue to cook until the mixture starts to thicken, about 5 minutes. Gradually whisk in the chicken broth while cooking. Add a pinch of salt and some pepper.nServe the strata with the warm gravy and garnish with fresh thyme sprigs., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 onion, finely chopped, 2 cups chopped shiitake mushrooms, 1 cup chopped oyster mushrooms, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, plus thyme sprigs, for garnish, 4 classic Italian sausages, chopped, 2 cups whole milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 6 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups grated Gruyere, 4 cups stale baguette cubes, Oil, for greasing the pan, Allpurpose flour, for flouring the pan, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Mushroom, Sausage and Gruyere Strata, picturelink: G8CmSN9oGVBQOi1zKr91B7eKpsECuK}, 760: {instructions: Special equipment: a 9 12inch deepdish pie pannFor the dough: Put the flour, sugar, vinegar and 12 teaspoon salt in a food processor, and pulse to combine. Add the coconut oil in small spoonfuls, and pulse until the largest pieces are peasize. Add 8 tablespoons ice water, and pulse until evenly combined. Squeeze a handful of the dough together it should just hold its shape. If the mixture is very powdery, pulse in an additional 1 to 2 tablespoons ice water. Divide the dough between 2 large pieces of plastic wrap, pat each into a 12inch thick discs and chill for at least 1 hour up to overnight.nFor the filling: Meanwhile, peel and core the apples cut into 12inchthick slices. Toss with the sugar and lemon juice in a large bowl. Melt the coconut oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the apples and cook, stirring occasionally, until the firmer apples soften but hold their shape, about 12 minutes. Add the flour, cinnamon and 14 teaspoon salt, and stir to combine. Remove from the heat, and let cool completely. The filling can be made up to 2 days ahead cover and refrigerate.nTo assemble: To make rolling easier, let the dough soften a bitit should be slightly soft when pressedat room temperature this may take anywhere from 20 to 40 minutes depending on the temperature of your kitchen. Roll 1 disc of dough out into a 13inch round on a lightly floured surface or between two pieces of floured parchment or wax paper. If the dough gets too warm, refrigerate it to firm it up. Ease the crust into a 9 12inch deepdish pie pan. Add the cooled filling, mounding it slightly in the center.nRoll out the remaining dough disc into a 12inch round place it over the filling, and press the 2 crusts together around the edges. Fold the overhanging dough under itself, and crimp as desired. Brush the top and edges with the almond milk, and sprinkle generously with sugar. Pierce the top with a knife or make decorative cutouts a few times to let steam escape. Chill for at least 1 hour.nPosition an oven rack in the lowest position in the oven, place a baking sheet on the rack and preheat to 425 degrees F preheat for at least 30 minutes. Place the pie on the hot baking sheet, and lower the oven to 375 degrees F. Bake until the pie is golden and the filling is bubbly, 1 hour to 1 hour 20 minutes, rotating as needed. Cover the edges with foil if they brown too quickly. Transfer to a rack, and cool until set, about 3 hours., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 2 tablespoons vegan granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, Fine salt, 1 cup unrefined virgin or extravirgin coconut oil, 8 to 10 tablespoons ice water, 4 pounds mixed apples 8 or 9, such as Golden Delicious, Granny Smith and McIntosh, 23 cup vegan granulated sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 4 tablespoons unrefined virgin or extravirgin coconut oil, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon or applepie spice, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 tablespoons unsweetened almond or soy milk], title: DeepDish Vegan Apple Pie, picturelink: Mrm33PLXznSR10PrceXJWCl.tbbg6zG}, 761: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse seafood until mixture is well chopped, but not pureed. Transfer to a bowl. Separate dough into individual sections. Flatten each roll. Place 1 tablespoon of the mixture in center of the dough. Gather edges and press to seal. Place buns in a steamer and let cook for 8 to 10 minutes until the dough has puffed up and is cooked through.nTo make the dipping sauce, combine the soy sauce and vinegar. Serve with the steamed buns., ingredients: [1 package dinner roll dough, 2 cups prepared Asianstyle seafood, 12 cup soy sauce, 18 cup vinegar], title: Steamed Seafood Buns with Soy Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 762: {instructions: Place a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill.nGrill the corn until tender, turning every 5 to 6 minutes, about 15 minutes. When cool enough to handle, remove the kernels.nIn a medium skillet, heat the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the corn and season with salt and pepper. Cook until softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Reduce the heat to medium and add the cream. Simmer until the mixture thickens, 2 to 3 minutes. Place half of the mixture in a food processor. Blend until smooth. Pour the pureed mixture back into the skillet and add the milk, cheese, and parsley. Cook over low heat until warmed through. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [6 ears corn, husks and silks removed, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon flour, 34 cup heavy cream, 13 cup whole milk, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Grilled Cream Corn with Parmesan, picturelink: KfoRMLdDZ8xvpORbxiHckSklWnr8REC}, 763: {instructions: For the burger filling: Brown the ground chuck in a large skillet over medium heat, crumbling the meat pretty finely as it browns. Add the chopped onions and 1 teaspoon of the pepper. Cook the onion down a little, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the chopped cabbage, sauerkraut, remaining 1 teaspoon pepper and 1 teaspoon salt. Let the mixture cook, 10 to 15 minutes, depending on how done you like the cabbage. Strain and let cool.nFor the dough: Put the yeast and sugar in a 4cup measuring cup and add warm water to the 1cup mark. Stir together and let sit until the yeast rises to twice its original size. Put the powdered milk in another 4cup measuring cup and add water to the 2cup mark. Stir together. In a large mixing bowl, add the flour, salt and shortening. Cut the shortening into the flour by hand. Next, make a well in the flour and add the eggs, yeast mixture and the powdered milk mixture to the flour. Work it all together until the dough comes away from the bowl you may need a touch more flour or water. Oil the dough slightly on each side, cover and let rise, for 10 minutes. Pinch and let rise another 15 minutes.nTo assemble the LauerKraut burgers: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nLightly flour a work surface and put the dough on the flour. Begin to roll the dough as close to a rectangle as you can, roughly 24by30 inches. Once the dough is rolled out, cut the dough into squares, roughly 6by6 inches. Take a square of dough and roll it out a little bigger, roughly 8by8 inches. Turn the rerolled square over and add a full cup of filling mixture into the middle of the dough. Bring the opposite corners of the square together, and then bring the other 2 opposite corners together. You should have all 4 corners drawn together. Pinch down the 4 seams of the dough. Once you pinch all the seams, push down slightly on the kraut burger. This will release extra air and help you find any place you missed sealing the kraut burger. Turn the sealed pocket over and place it on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 34 pounds 8020 ground chuck, 1 12 yellow onions, chopped into 14inch pieces, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium head green cabbage, chopped into 14inch pieces, 12 cup Lauer Kraut you may substitute bagged sauerkraut, not canned, Salt, 2 tablespoons active dry yeast, 1 tablespoon sugar, 34 cup powdered milk, 8 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons salt, 34 cup shortening, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil], title: Original LauerKraut Burgers, picturelink: eOcJH8KlliT95PNv4PBMo0WXPoWtnG}, 764: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the egg yolks until they lighten in color. Gradually add the 13 cup sugar and continue to beat until it is completely dissolved. Add the milk, cream, bourbon and nutmeg and stir to combine.nPlace the egg whites in the bowl of a stand mixer and beat to soft peaks. With the mixer still running gradually add the 1 tablespoon of sugar and beat until stiff peaks form.nWhisk the egg whites into the mixture. Chill and serve.nCooks Note: For cooked eggnog, follow procedure below.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the egg yolks until they lighten in color. Gradually add the 13 cup sugar and continue to beat until it is completely dissolved. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, over high heat, combine the milk, heavy cream and nutmeg and bring just to a boil, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and gradually temper the hot mixture into the egg and sugar mixture. Then return everything to the pot and cook until the mixture reaches 160 degrees F. Remove from the heat, stir in the bourbon, pour into a medium mixing bowl, and set in the refrigerator to chill.nIn a medium mixing bowl, beat the egg whites to soft peaks. With the mixer running gradually add the 1 tablespoon of sugar and beat until stiff peaks form. Whisk the egg whites into the chilled mixture., ingredients: [4 egg yolks, 13 cup sugar, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 pint whole milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 ounces bourbon, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 4 egg whites], title: Eggnog, picturelink: pRfvbSWqSYUJaKezsfhS7bslSvmUzG}, 765: {instructions: Cut a 1inch chunk off one end of a carrot at an angle. Roll the carrot a quarter turn and cut another 1inch chunk at an angle. Continue rolling and cutting all of the carrots into 1inch chunks. Combine the carrots and orange juice in a large saucepan. Add enough water to just cover the carrots. Add the butter and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper.nBring to a boil, and then reduce the heat to maintain a steady simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the carrots are tender and the liquid has reduced to a glaze, about 20 minutes. Top with the dill and serve., ingredients: [1 pound carrots, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon picked fresh dill leaves], title: OrangeGlazed Carrots, picturelink: p9yj4MvkE7lCTeRKBBcYn2D9I.QmPgu}, 766: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, salt and baking soda and whisk well to combine. Next, add the butter and lemon zest and combine the mixture with a fork until coarse crumbles are created. Add the buttermilk and mix until just combined. Make a disk with the dough and cover in plastic wrap. Chill for 15 minutes.nDust a cutting board with flour. Roll out the dough to about 34inch thickness. Cut the biscuits with a 1 12inch floured cookie cutter, juice glass or something similar. Reroll the remaining dough and continue making biscuits.nPlace the biscuits on the prepared baking sheet. Brush the tops with the beaten egg and sprinkle with the raw sugar. Bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cubed, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 egg, beaten, 3 tablespoons raw sugar, for garnish], title: Lemon and Sugar Mini Biscuits, picturelink: VVcodhgHPAjyIq.AwsYTvx3MkajNNsG}, 767: {instructions: In a blender combine juice, 1 tablespoon oil, garlic, coriander, cumin, salt and pepper and mint or cilantro leaves. Process until smooth and pour over chicken to marinate. Refrigerate chicken and allow to marinate for 30 minutes. In a small bowl stir together yogurt, cucumber and chopped mint.nIn a large skillet heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium high heat. Add marinated chicken and cook for 810 minutes, stirring occasionally. Heat pitas under a broiler or in a toaster oven. Slice open pitas and stuff with chicken, tomatoes, lettuce and top with yogurt dressing. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Juice of a lime or lemon, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 clove garlic, peeled, 1 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon cumin, Salt and pepper, 12 cup mint or cilantro leaves, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Sliced into thin strips, 1 cup plain yogurt, 12 cucumber, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped mint, 1 tomato, chopped, Mixed lettuce leaves, 4 pitas with pockets], title: Greek Chicken in a Pita, picturelink: null}, 768: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Rinse the shrimp to separate, and then arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet.nTo the bowl of a food processor, add the butter, parsley, salt, red pepper, garlic and lemon juice. Pulse until combined. Sprinkle the cold butter crumbles over the shrimp.nBake until the shrimp is opaque and the butter is hot and bubbly.nServe with hot crusty bread. Peel and eat the shrimp, and then encourage guests to dip the bread into the butter in the bottom of the pan., ingredients: [2 pounds raw frozen shrimp, deveined, shells on, 2 sticks cold butter, cut into pieces, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 whole lemon, juiced, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Spicy Lemon Garlic Shrimp, picturelink: kt5fdHWv4wEs.Ooukc5ZnJMTFFQYY5W}, 769: {instructions: Wash the chicken pieces and, while still damp, generously coat each side with seafood seasoning. Next, sparingly sprinkle both sides with Creole seasoning.nIn a large skillet, add about 1inch of oil and heat. Add the chicken pieces and cook for about 5 to 7 minutes on each side, until brown.nHalfway through the cooking of the chicken, add the garlic. Next, add beer, sliced sausage, shrimp, and crab. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and let simmer for about 20 to 35 minutes, covered.nServe over rice., ingredients: [10 chicken wings, 10 chicken thighs, Seafood Seasoning, Creole Seasoning, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 16ounce bottle beer, 1 pound smoked beef sausage, sliced, 1 pound, uncooked shrimp, shelled, 1 pound crab, legs and claws, Serving suggestion: rice], title: Mankiller, picturelink: null}, 770: {instructions: Mix ingredients together in a bowl and refrigerate overnight. Shape mixture into 4 flat patties, each 34inch thick. Cook on medium heat, 6 minutes on each side, or until cooked through., ingredients: [2 pounds ground turkey, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon sage], title: Maple Turkey Sausage, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 771: {instructions: Cut the chicken into small 2bite pieces and place in a bowl. Pour the lemon juice over the chicken to cover, and let marinate.nCombine the flour, salt and yeast together for the tempura batter. Slowly mix in 2 cups cold water until you have a beautiful thick batter. Cover with a damp tea towel and let rise, 45 minutes.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and pat dry. Stir into the tempura batter until the chicken is fully coated.nHeat olive oil in a medium pan until hot. Fry the chicken in batches until beautifully golden on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless chicken legs, Juice of 4 lemons, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, Pinch kosher salt, One 14gram packet dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, Extravirgin olive oil, for frying], title: Lemon Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 772: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the soy sauce, brown sugar, sesame seeds, garlic and ginger. Add the beef and stir to coat. Cover and marinate for 30 minutes.nIn a bowl, stir together the vinegar, granulated sugar, salt and gochugaru. Add the cucumber and stir to coat. Cover and store in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nRemove the meat from the marinade and transfer the marinade to a saucepan. Bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat and cook until reduced by half.nHeat the oil in a large skillet set over medium heat. Add the beef and cook, stirring, until just cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the beef to the reduced marinade and stir to coat.nShape the rice into a skull shape and place on a large platter. Use the cucumber slices to create eyes, a nose and mouth on the skull. Place the beef at the base of the skull to serve., ingredients: [2 cups soy sauce, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, 1 teaspoon grated garlic, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 1 boneless ribeye steak, thinly sliced, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon gochugaru or crushed red pepper flakes, 1 English cucumber, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 cups cooked white rice], title: Scarerean Skull Korean Beef Bulgogi and Cucumber Kimchi, picturelink: sXPBRkfRreUa.oCTWh4luxyyOfASKa}, 773: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to the boil. Make a crisscross with the point of a knife in the bottom of the fruits. Plunge them into the boiling water for 1 minute. Remove and plunge into a bowl of icecold water. Peel, pit, and slice into a lowsided serving dish or onto a platter.nPut the sugar and honey in a saucepan with 12cup125 ml water. Boil 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add a few drops of orange flower water. Pour over the fruit, then scatter over the nuts, and serve with creme fraiche on the side, if you like., ingredients: [4 apricots, 2 peaches, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 drop orange flower water, 2 tablespoons chopped green pistachios, Serving suggestion: Creme fraiche], title: Apricot Salad with Orange Flower Water and Pistachios, picturelink: null}, 774: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, add the currants and orangeflavored liqueur, or water. Soak for 5 minutes, then drain and discard the liquid. Set aside.nSift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Add the butter and sugar to the bowl of a stand mixer and beat to combine. Gradually add the eggs and vanilla and mix on medium speed until incorporated, the mixture will look curdled. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add the flour mixture all at once and mix again on low speed until a dough forms  scrape again including the beaters. When a dough forms add the currants, zest, and polenta and mix on low until thoroughly combined. Roll into small 1inch balls, and arrange on parchment lined baking sheets. Bake until golden brown, about 8 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool before serving., ingredients: [2 cups dried currants, 14cup orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier or water, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into cubes, 2 cups sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 medium oranges, zest finely grated, 1 tablespoon coarse polenta or cornmeal], title: Orange Currant Polenta Cookies, picturelink: ADw0RaQ8ERnzhe.eJSA8oBofqrFJnVa}, 775: {instructions: Make the duckmarinade: 8 hours to 1 day before serving, prick the entire skin of the duck all over with a fork. In a large pot over high heat, bring 6 quarts of water to a rapid boil and blanch the duck for 7 to 8 minutes in hot water. Remove the duck from the water and place on a plate in the refrigerator. Allow the duck to sit 3 to 4 hours. Remove from the refrigerator and wipe the rendered fat from the skin of the duck. In a medium saucepan, combine the marinade ingredients and cook over low to medium heat until thickened. Do not boil. This will give the marinade a burnt taste due to the amount of brown sugar. Allow the marinade to cool then brush the duck generously with the mixture. Reserve some of the marinade to baste the duck with while roasting. Refrigerate 6 to 8 hours or overnight. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the duck in a roasting pan and roast for 15 minutes, basting with the reserved marinade every 5 minutes. Remove the duck from the oven and let rest 10 minutes. Remove the breasts from the bone and the thighs with the legs attached. Place the thighlegs into a medium saucepan pan with 1inch of water in it. Cover the pan and place in the 350 degree oven for approximately 40 minutes or until the meat falls off the bone. Remove from the oven and set aside. When cool enough to handle pick the meat from the bone and tear into bite sizedpieces. Just before serving, place the breasts in a ovenproof skillet skinsidedown and heat 6 to 8 minutes depending on your preference of doneness, i.e. rare, medium rare. Slice the breasts very thinly on the bias each breast should yield 3 servings. Keep the meat warm until service.nMake the vinaigrette: In a saucepan over high heat, reduce the orange juice until it forms a syrup. Let cool. In a blender, combine the orange syrup, vinegar, honey and chili powder if using. Blend for 30 seconds. With the blender running, slowly add the olive oil until the dressing emulsifies. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Pour into a plastic squeeze bottle. May be prepared up to 1 day ahead and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before serving.nMake the sauteed pears: In a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter, sugar and cinnamon and cook to a light syrup. Add the sliced pears and cook until they are soft but still retain their shape. Set aside.nMake the peanut brittle Make a caramel with the sugar, add the peanuts and pour onto a lightly greased baking sheet. Let harden and coarsely chop.nAssemble the salad: In a large bowl dress mesclun greens lightly with some of the orange vinaigrette and arrange on the top halves of 6 plates. Arrange the breast in a fan shape beneath the greens and place the thigh meat on both sides of the greens. Scatter the pears over the duck and dress lightly with the remaining vinaigrette. Top with peanut brittle and chopped chives., ingredients: [1 2 to 3 pound duck skin pricked all over with a fork, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons anise seed, 3 whole cinnamon sticks, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon ancho or cayenne pepper optional, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cups mesclun, 3 Red or Bosc pears, peeled, cored and cut into eighths, 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 12 cup lightly salted peanuts, skins removed, Peanut brittle, chopped finely, Chopped chives], title: Bolos Duck Salad, picturelink: null}, 776: {instructions: Combine all of the ingredients and season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 cup diced mango, pineapple or papaya, 1 cup peeled, seeded diced kirby cucumbers, 14 cup finely sliced scallion, green part only, 12 teaspoon grated lime zest, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Exotic Fruit Sauce, picturelink: null}, 777: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat oil in a large skillet. Season chicken with salt, pepper and crab boil seasoning on both sides. Place smooth side of breast into pan and let brown, then flip over to brown on other side. In a separate 2quart saucepan, melt butter over medium heat, add crab and artichokes, and saute. Stir in flour, add cream and then season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Let simmer until it begins to become cohesive. Place chicken breasts on a baking sheet and top each piece with some of the crab mixture. Bake in oven until souffle is golden brown, about 7 to 8 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup vegetable oil, 4 pounds chicken breast, boneless and skinless, cut into 4ounce portions, Salt and pepper, Crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 12 cup butter, 1 pound crabmeat, picked through to remove remnants of shells, 16ounce can artichoke hearts, cut into quarters, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Chicken Breast with Crab and Artichoke Souffle, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 778: {instructions: Preheat deep fryer with peanut oil to 375 degrees F.nWhisk together buttermilk, egg, and mustard in a casserole dish. In another casserole dish, whisk together flour, cornmeal, paprika, 2 teaspoons salt, cayenne, and garlic powder.nDredge shrimp in the dry mixture then into the wet then back into the dry. Add shrimp in batches to the deep fryer and fry until golden, about 2 minutes per batch. Serve with spicy remoulade sauce.nAdd the shallot, parsley, cayenne pepper, mayonnaise, mustard, hot sauce, and lemon juice to a bowl. Stir to combine. Chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [Peanut Oil, for frying, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon Creole mustard, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 12 cup selfrising flour, 12 cup yellow cornmeal, 2 teaspoons paprika, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 12 pounds shrimp, peeled and deveined, Spicy Remoulade Sauce, recipe follows, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 34 cup prepared mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Creole mustard, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Fried Shrimp with Spicy Remoulade, picturelink: i0k2VEzveNj4iv7pe6ZLlRlO9Ur893.}, 779: {instructions: Bring the chicken broth and 14 cup water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Stir in the barley and 14 teaspoon salt, cover and cook over medium heat until the liquid is absorbed, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat add the almonds and cook, stirring, until toasted, 2 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Add the Brussels sprouts, lemon zest and 14 teaspoon salt to the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until crisptender, about 2 minutes transfer to a large bowl and wipe out the skillet. Add the barley to the bowl and toss cover to keep warm.nAdd the olive oil to the skillet and return to mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the turkey with 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste add to the skillet and cook, turning once, until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Divide among plates. Add the tomato and lemon juice to the skillet and cook 1 minute. Stir in the almonds and the remaining 1 tablespoon butter until melted, then spoon over the turkey. Serve with the barley salad., ingredients: [2 cups fatfree lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup quickcooking barley, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons sliced almonds, 12 ounces Brussels sprouts, thinly sliced about 3 cups, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 4to5ounce turkey cutlets about 14 inch thick, Freshly ground pepper, 1 plum tomato, diced], title: Turkey With Warm Barley Salad, picturelink: IO1ruiIuShrOUEITK.HsxqPi1gb8mq}, 780: {instructions: Heat a pan with some oil over medium heat. Add the pork and garlic to the pan and cook until the flavor permeates and the pork browns. Then turn the heat to mediumhigh, add the cabbage and carrots, and stirfry until the vegetables soften. Next, add the noodles, soy sauce, onions, sugar, ginger and pepper, and continue to stirfry until all of the ingredients are mixed and the entire dish is coated with soy sauce. You will know when it is done is when the whole dish is steaming hot, light brown and the noodles are transparent with a shiny glaze.nTo assemble, use cooking tongs to hold and twist the stirfry and transfer on to a platter., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 3 ounces ground pork, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 6 ounces shredded or thinly cut cabbage, 3 ounces shredded or thinly cut carrots, 5 ounces rehydrated thin mung bean noodles, 13 cup premium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon minced green onions, 1 tablespoon sugar, brown or white, 12 teaspoon minced skinless ginger, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper], title: Ants On a Tree, picturelink: null}, 781: {instructions: Make the crust: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Spread the almonds for both the crust and topping 14 cup plus 13 cup on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until golden, about 5 minutes. Let cool. Crumble the biscotti into a food processor add 14 cup toasted almonds and the granulated sugar and pulse until finely ground. Add the butter and pulse to combine. Press the mixture into the bottom of an 8inch springform pan. Bake until set, about 12 minutes, then transfer to a rack and let cool completely. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Beat the egg yolks and 12 cup granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on high speed until pale, about 2 minutes. Add the ricotta and beat until smooth, about 2 more minutes. Beat in the amaretto, vanilla and almond extracts, and orange zest. Put the egg whites and the remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar in a separate bowl and beat with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until soft peaks form do not overbeat. Using a rubber spatula, fold about onethird of the beaten egg whites into the ricotta mixture, then gently fold in the rest until just combined. Scrape the batter into the prepared crust. Bake until slightly puffed and lightly golden on top, about 1 hour, 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool, 20 minutes. Run a knife around the edge of the cake to loosen, then remove the springform ring and let cool completely. Combine the confectioners sugar and cinnamon in a finemesh sieve and dust over the cheesecake. Scatter the remaining 13 cup toasted almonds on top and dust again. Serve at room temperature. Photograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [14 cup sliced almonds, 5 ounces almond biscotti, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, separated, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 pound fresh ricotta about 2 cups, 1 tablespoon amaretto liqueur, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon almond extract, Grated zest of 1 orange, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 13 cup sliced almonds, for topping], title: Ricotta Cheesecake With Almonds, picturelink: D383zUzJRuXR5QImVIwmnHb5xHeCSMS}, 782: {instructions: Combine the squash, turnip, leek and raisins in a 6quart slow cooker. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and place on top of the vegetables.nWhisk the chicken broth, tomato paste, cumin, coriander, turmeric, lemon zest and juice, and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Pour the mixture over the chicken and vegetables. Cover and cook on high, 4 hours.nServe the chicken and vegetables with couscous drizzle with some of the cooking liquid. Top with cilantro.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [8 ounces butternut squash, peeled and cut into large chunks about 2 cups, 1 large turnip, peeled and cut into large chunks about 2 cups, 1 leek white and light green parts only, chopped, 12 cup golden raisins, 4 skinon, bonein chicken legs 3 to 4 pounds, drumsticks and thighs attached, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon turmeric, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, Couscous, for serving, Fresh cilantro, for topping], title: Moroccan Chicken and Squash, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 783: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTake the giblets out of the turkey and wash the turkey inside and out. Remove any excess fat and leftover pinfeathers and pat the outside dry. Place the turkey in a large roasting pan. Liberally salt and pepper the inside of the turkey cavity. Stuff the cavity with the thyme, lemon, 1 onion, quartered, and the garlic. Brush the outside of the turkey with the butter and sprinkle again with salt and pepper. Tie the legs together with string and tuck the wing tips under the body of the turkey. Peel and slice the remaining onions, toss them with olive oil, and scatter them around the turkey.nRoast the turkey for 1 hour. Toss the carrots, potatoes, and fennel with the olive oil and add to the roasting pan. Return the pan to the oven and continue to roast for about 1 12 hours more, or until the juices run clear when you cut between the leg and the thigh. Remove the turkey to a cutting board and cover with foil for 20 minutes. Stir the vegetables and return the pan to the oven. Continue to cook the vegetables while the turkey rests. Slice the turkey and serve on a platter with the roasted vegetables., ingredients: [1 12 pound fresh turkey, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 large bunch fresh thyme, 1 lemon, halved, 3 Spanish onions, 1 head garlic, halved crosswise, 4 tablespoons melted butter, 14 to 12 cup good olive oil, 8 carrots, peeled and cut in 2inch chunks, 10 red new potatoes, quartered, 3 heads fennel, fronds removed, and cut in wedges through the core], title: Perfect Roast Turkey, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 784: {instructions: Special equipment: 25 metal or wooden skewersnIf using wooden skewers, soak them in water for at least 30 minutes before skewering food.nCut onions, tomatillos, and bell peppers into large, skewersized pieces. Assemble skewers, alternating 1 piece of each vegetable between 5 shrimps on each skewer. Arrange skewers in a large nonreactive baking dish and pour the marinade over. Submerge skewers in marinade, and marinate, covered, in the refrigerator, for 4 to 6 hours.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. Grill skewers for approximately 6 minutes, turning as needed. Remove from the grill and serve.nCombine all ingredients together in a large bowl and mix well. Pour marinade over skewers as directed above., ingredients: [4 onions, 10 tomatillos, 5 bell peppers, 10 pounds jumbo shrimp, Marinade, recipe follows, 5 ounces chopped garlic, 2 ounces garlic powder, 1ounce ground cumin, 1ounce freshly ground black pepper, 1ounce salt, 2 ounces paprika, 4 ounces pineapple juice, 32 ounces vegetable oil, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped], title: Gueros Shrimp Alambres, picturelink: k0Od3JscpFCT64vHSowUhO7pSaNzNGe}, 785: {instructions: Heat a skillet over medium heat, and add the ground beef, 3 teaspoons water, chili powder, cumin, oregano, paprika and salt. Stir well to combine, and cook the mixture for 2 minutes, then remove from the skillet. Place in an insulated food storage container to keep warm, or store in the refrigerator until ready to serve, and heat in microwave for 1 minute before placing in thermos.nPlace the lettuce, tomatoes and avocado in lunch box storage containers. Place the cheese and tortilla chips in separate containers. Make sure one of the containers is large enough to serve as the mixing and serving bowl.nPack the containers in an insulated lunch box, along with a fork., ingredients: [12 cup cooked ground beef, 18 teaspoon chili powder, 18 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon paprika, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 cup shredded lettuce, 12 cup chopped tomato, 15 avocado, diced, 1 ounce shredded cheese, 1 ounce corn tortilla chips, crumbled], title: DIY Taco Salad Lunch Box Bowl, picturelink: d.50.dYGTP3o3kQN4OT76TT3g7lwJO}, 786: {instructions: Rub the bottom of a medium saucepan with the sliced garlic. Place over high heat and deglaze pan with wine. Toss the 2 cheeses with the cornstarch in a small bowl. Lower the heat and add the cheeses and stir until melted. Stir in the Kirsch, and season with black pepper and nutmeg. Serve with pieces of baguette, vegetables, and meats., ingredients: [1 large clove garlic, sliced in half lengthwise, 12 cup white wine, 5 ounces grated fresh gouda cheese or mozzarella, 5 ounces grated aged gouda cheese, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 tablespoons Kirsch, Ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 baguette, cut into 2inch cubes, Assorted vegetables and cooked meats and salami, cut into pieces], title: Cheese Fondue, picturelink: null}, 787: {instructions: In a medium straightsided saute pan, add sugar and wine. Bring to a simmer and cook until it creates a lazy bubble, 235 to 240 degrees F. Add cranberries and stir, bringing temperature to low. Continue to cook cranberries, stirring frequently, 2 to 3 minutes. Add allspice, cinnamon, star anise, bay leaf, entire orange, orange juice, zest and salt. Cook until cranberries begin to burst and thicken, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and let steep for 10 minutes to cool slightly. Remove aromatics, orange and zest from cranberries and either puree in a highspeed blender for smooth cranberry compote, or leave as is for textured compote. Cool and reserve., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 bottle sweet Riesling wine, 2 pounds fresh cranberries, washed, 4 allspice berries, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 star anise, 1 large or 2 small fresh bay leaf, 1 orange, juiced and zested in strips, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt], title: CranberryOrange Compote, picturelink: null}, 788: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Combine the cream cheese, parmesan, egg and 14 teaspoon salt in a small bowl mix well. Spoon into a resealable bag snip off the corner to make a 14inchdiameter opening.nUnfold the stack of phyllo sheets on a clean surface. Working quickly to keep the dough from drying out, brush the top sheet all over with melted butter, then pipe the cheese filling along the long edge of the dough to within 12 inch of the ends. Fold the ends over the filling, then roll up the dough to make a straw. Place on a baking sheet repeat with the remaining phyllo sheets and cheese mixture. Bake until golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Serve the cheese straws with pesto.nPhotograph by Mark Peterson, ingredients: [1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Salt, 1 16ounce package frozen phyllo dough about 40 sheets, thawed, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, Storebought pesto, for dipping], title: Cheese Straws in Pesto, picturelink: 8XAm6BNOzOUCTkCzhF1C1Kl7FMEI2}, 789: {instructions: For the herb salt: Combine the salt, oregano and thyme in a small bowl and mix to blend.nFor the grilled zucchini: Brush the zucchini planks on both sides with olive oil and sprinkle on both sides with some of the herb salt. Transfer the zucchini to a grill pan set over medium heat and cook until tender, about 5 minutes, flipping halfway through. Remove the zucchini to a serving plate and sprinkle with the feta., ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, 3 medium zucchini, ends trimmed, sliced lengthwise into 14inchthick planks, Olive oil, for brushing, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese], title: Grilled Zucchini with Herb Salt and Feta, picturelink: V8wqjc7mcMzzYkegYNg27LSzBeDO}, 790: {instructions: Place the cazuela over a medium flame. Add the olive oil, enough to coat the bottom of the dish. Add the loin and shin meat and brown.nLayer by layer add all the vegetables. Turn and mix ingredients slowly with meat.nAdd the chorizo, black pudding and pancetta to the ingredients.nAdd the glass of white wine, saffron, black peppercorns.nAdd about 2 cups of stock or water and bring to the boil. Once the juices are bubbling turn the heat down to low and allow to simmer. Place the whole bulb of garlic in the center of the dish with all the ingredients surrounding it. The idea is to remove the garlic just before serving. Some chefs choose to keep the garlic in so they can nibble on it with bread as part of the main course.nKeep adding the stock or water, keeping the ingredients covered all the time.nSimmer on a low heat for 2 12 to 3 hours.nServe with a salad and a crusty farmhouse loaf., ingredients: [Olive Oil, 1 12 pounds lamb loin and shin, 1 cup peeled and thinly sliced carrots, 1 cup celery, chopped with leafy tops, 12 cup turnips, peeled and diced, 12 cup peeled and chopped tomatoes fresh or canned, 5inch long chorizo sausage, sliced thinly, 3inch long black pudding sausage, sliced thinly, 12 cup pancetta, sliced can use fatty smoked bacon as an alternative, 1 glass about 5 ounces dry white wine, 1 pint fresh stock or water, 1 teaspoon of saffron threads soaked in 2 teaspoons of water, 8 whole black peppercorns, 1 whole bulb garlic, unpeeled], title: Estufado de Codero y Verduras: Farmhouse Stew with Lamb and Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 791: {instructions: To make the crustIn a large bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Add the butter and cut it into the dough using two knives, a pastry blender, or your fingertips until the dough looks crumbly. Add the egg and 1 tablespoon water mix with a fork until the dough just holds together. If the dough wont come together, add up to another 112 teaspoons water, a tiny bit at a time. Dont overmix the dough should feel slightly sticky. Shape the dough into a 6inch log. Wrap it in plastic and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour. Heat the oven to 400 degrees. Cut the chilled dough into six equal pieces. Roll each piece into a round about 18inch thick. Prick the rounds all over with a fork and gently fit them into 4inch tartlet pans, trimming any excess dough. Line each tartlet with foil and fill with dried beans or pie weights. Bake the tartlet shells for about 15 minutes. Remove the pie weights and the foil and bake an additional 5 minutes until golden. Cool on a rack.nCombine the toasted nuts, coconut, and raisins with the warm butterscotch sauce. Divide the filling among the six tartlet shells. Bake until the filling at 400 degrees just starts to bubble, 7 to 9 minutes. Using a wide spatula, carefully transfer the tartlets to a rack. Allow the tartlets to cool for 5 minutes. Carefully remove the tartlets from their pans and serve warm with a dollop of unsweetened whipped cream or creme fraiche, if you like. Yield: 6 servings, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted cold butter, cut into small pieces, 1 large egg, beaten slightly, 1 tablespoon cold water 112 teaspoons more if needed, 12 cup cashews, well toasted, 12 cup sliced almonds, well toasted, 12 cup walnut pieces, well toasted, 13 cup shredded coconut, well toasted, 12 cup golden raisins, 114 cups warm Butterscotch Sauce see recipe], title: Butterscotch Tartlets, picturelink: null}, 792: {instructions: In blender add all ingredients, except mint, and blend until smooth. Pour into a collins or hurricane glass and garnish with fresh mint., ingredients: [4 ounces spiced rum recommended: Captain Morgan, 12 large banana, sliced, 1 orange, peeled and chopped, 1 slice pineapple, diced, 2 cups ice, 2 ounces banana, pineapple, orange blend juice recommended: Dole, Fresh mint leaves or sprigs, for garnish], title: Captain Mojo, picturelink: null}, 793: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 10 by 15inch jelly roll pan and line the bottom with a sheet of parchment or waxed paper.nIn a large mixer bowl, beat the butter and sugar until soft and light. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well between each addition. Beat in the vanilla. Sift together the flour and baking powder and stir into the batter in three additions, alternating with the yolks and milk, beginning and ending with the flour. Spread the batter evenly in the prepared pan. Scatter the cherries evenly over the batter, pressing them in gently.nScatter the Crumb Topping over the berries as evenly as possible. Bake the cake about 40 minutes until batter is firm and crumbs are well colored. Cool the cake in the pan on a rack. Cut the cooled cake into 24 3inch squares. Remove the squares from the pan to a platter.nMix the flour, sugars, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a bowl. Melt the butter and stir it in evenly. Rub the mixture to coarse crumbs by hand., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 12 cups unbleached, allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 3 egg yolks, 14 cup milk or buttermilk, 4 cups pitted sour cherries, Crumb Topping, recipe follows, 2 cups unbleached, allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted], title: Cherry Crumbcake Squares, picturelink: null}, 794: {instructions: In a medium size bowl, mix the pork, salt, pepper, chile powder, garlic, oregano, coriander, cumin and vinegar thoroughly. Refrigerate, in an airtight container, overnight. This allows the flavors to meld. The chorizo may also be frozen., ingredients: [1 pound ground pork butt, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons Ancho chile powder, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 bunch fresh oregano chopped, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons vinegar], title: Homemade Chorizo, picturelink: null}, 795: {instructions: In a large saute pan, over medium heat, add the butter and sugar. Add the diced pears and cook until well caramelized, approximately 8 minutes.nIn a small mixing bowl, whisk together the garlic, red wine vinegar, salt, fresh ground pepper and olive oil. Add the mixture to the Stilton. Assemble the spears 1 by 1, starting with the cheese then the sauteed pear and topping them off with a toasted pecan. These can be garnished with a sprig of watercress or other herb, if desired. Arrange the spears on a plate by first making a small mound of cream cheese and then sticking each spear into the cream cheese in a floral, 3dimensional pattern., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 pears, peeled and diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup Stilton cheese, crumbled or any other blue cheese, 25 endive spears, 12 cup pecan halves or 25 pieces, toasted, Watercress sprigs, for garnish, 1 cup cream cheese for presentation], title: Endive Spears with Stilton Cheese, Toasted Pecans, and Sauteed Pears, picturelink: null}, 796: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the upper part of the oven and preheat the broiler. Whisk the eggs, 3 tablespoons of the cheese, the milk, lemon zest, salt, and pepper to taste together in a bowl.nHeat the olive oil in an 8inch nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the asparagus and Canadian bacon, and cook until the asparagus is crisptender, about 4 minutes. Reduce heat to low, pour the egg mixture into the skillet, stirring gently to distribute the fillings evenly. Cover, and cook until the bottom sets, but does not get too brown, about 9 minutes. Remove the cover, scatter the remaining 1 tablespoon of cheese over the surface. Run the frittata under the broiler until the top sets and browns slightly, about 1 minute. Set aside for about 5 minutes before unmolding. Slip the frittata out of the pan onto a cutting board, cut into wedges. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [5 large eggs, 4 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons milk, 14 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound medium asparagus stalks about 8, trimmed and cut into 12inch pieces, 4 medium slices Canadian bacon about 2 ounces, coarsely chopped, Mixed herb salad, for serving], title: Asparagus, Canadian Bacon and Cheese Frittata, picturelink: null}, 797: {instructions: Set bread crumbs aside combine remaining ingredients together until mixed well. Form mixture into 3ounce cakes. Roll each cake in bread crumbs. Place cakes in freezer for 1 hour, to set up. Saute on medium heat until each cake is golden brown and heated through. Serve with special sauce.nIn a small bowl combine all of the ingredients and mix well. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [1cup bread crumbs, 1 pound crabmeat, shredded and picked over to remove shells and cartilage, 12 green pepper, diced small, 12 red pepper, diced small, 14 cup carrot, shredded, 12 small red onion, diced, 1 egg, beaten, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne powder, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Vegetable oil, for frying, Special sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper], title: Crabby Cakes, picturelink: null}, 798: {instructions: Marinade: About 8 hours or 1 day before serving, prick the skin of the duck all over with a fork. In a large pot over high heat, bring 8 quarts of water to a rapid boil and blanch the ducks for 5 minutes. Remove the ducks from the water and set aside. Combine all ingredients in a bowl. Brush on duck and let marinate at least 4 hours or overnight. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Roast the ducks, breast side up, for 20 minutes, reduce the heat to 350 and continue cooking for another 1 hour. Remove from the oven and let rest at room temperature for about 20 minutes.nPineappleRed Onion Relish: Combine all in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste.nAssemble: Duck Flour tortillas, warmed PineappleRed Onion Relish Green onionsnCarve the breast from each duck and slice very thin on the bias, allowing half a breast per person. Take a torilla, spread a little relish on it and place the sliced duck over that, top with a green onion, roll and eat., ingredients: [2 Long Island ducklings 4 to 5 pounds each, 2 tablespoons ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 12 cup peanut oil, 2 tablespoons ground fennel seed, 1 tablespoon pureed canned chipotles, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 12 cup mediumdiced fresh pineapple, 14 cup finely sliced red onion, 12 jalapeno, minced, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, Salt and freshly pepper], title: Red Chile Peking Duck, picturelink: null}, 799: {instructions: Pour lemon juice over the avocado slices and set aside. Place chopped romaine in a large bowl and toss with enough blue cheese dressing to lightly coat, about 13 cup. Set aside remaining dressing for another use.nTo assemble salads, place the ring mold on a chilled serving plate and fill with 1 cup of the romaine mixture, making sure that the lettuce fills the whole diameter of the bottom circumference. Carefully place 2 avocado slices on top of the lettuce on the right side of the mold, so that their curvature aligns with the mold. On the opposite side of the avocado, sprinkle corn on top of the lettuce so that it extends 1 12 inches from the left side of the mold. Next to the corn, sprinkle a 12inch thick row of diced tomatoes. Next to the tomatoes and meeting the avocado, sprinkle a row of crumbled bacon. Garnish with a very thin row of blue cheese crumbles down the center. Carefully remove the mold by lifting straight up some ingredients will shift. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Serve immediately.nCooks Note: If a ring mold is unavailable, use a 12ounce tuna can 4inch diameter by 2inch height and remove the top and bottom with a can opener.nIn a medium bowl, mix the mayonnaise, buttermilk, lemon juice, salt, and cumin until smooth. Fold in the crumbled blue cheese and chives. Refrigerate until ready to use.nYield: 34 cupnPrep Time: 5 minutesnDifficulty: Easy, ingredients: [1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 avocado, cut into 13inch slices, 4 cups romaine lettuce, chopped into 12inch thin shreds, Blue Cheese Dressing, recipe follows, 2 ears corn, shucked, cooked, and kernels cut off the cob about 1 cup, 1 large tomato, seeded and finely diced, 13 cup crumbled bacon from about 4 pieces, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, Special equipment: 4 by 3inch ring mold or tin can with top and bottom removed, 14 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons crumbled blue cheese, 1 tablespoon finely minced chives], title: Individual Cobb Salads, picturelink: QoRWO28VYzwxO6J7FsRiB4UKcYeIhTe}, 800: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the barley into a 1 12quart ceramic or glass baking dish with a lid and add the butter, salt and boiling water. Stir to combine. Cover the dish tightly with aluminum foil and place the lid on top of the foil. Bake on the middle rack of the oven for 1 hour.nAfter 1 hour, remove the cover, fluff with a fork and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup hulled barley, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups boiling water], title: Baked Barley, picturelink: null}, 801: {instructions: Thinly slice a baguette arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Brush with olive oil and sprinkle with salt. Bake at 425 degrees F until lightly golden, about 7 minutes. Let cool slightly.nSlice 1 Japanese eggplant into 12inchthick rounds and toss with olive oil, salt and pepper. Spread on a baking sheet and roast about 12 minutes at 425 degrees F. Top the toast rounds with sliced mozzarella, the roasted eggplant and some marinara sauce sprinkle with parmesan. Bake until the cheese melts.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [], title: Eggplant Parmesan Bruschetta, picturelink: dP6biYwaycJNvPiwoP3GAzgrTGVtjC}, 802: {instructions: Saute the garlic in the olive oil until just softened. In a coffee mill, coarsely chop the coriander and cumin seeds. Chop the jalapenos reserving all juices, including those in the can. Mix all together. Bone the leg of lamb and cut off any excess or interior fat and silver skin. Break the meat down to the basic muscle pieces. Marinate the meat in the jalapenogarlicseed mixture for at least 2 hours or overnight. Drain and grill., ingredients: [8 large cloves garlic, 12 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons coriander seeds, 3 tablespoons cumin seeds, 1 can pickled jalapenos preferably La Morena brand, 1 leg of lamb], title: Leg of Lamb with JalapenoPastrami Marinade, picturelink: null}, 803: {instructions: Mix the flour and salt in a medium bowl. Using a wooden spoon, slowly stir in 2 cups warm water until a dough forms. Lightly flour a clean board, then turn the dough out onto it and knead until smooth, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a clean bowl and cover with a damp kitchen towel let rest 20 minutes.nPreheat a griddle over mediumhigh heat. Divide the dough into 8 balls. Using a rolling pin, roll out the balls on a floured board into rough 7by8inch rectangles, about inch thick. Working in batches, cook the dough on the hot griddle until marked on the bottom, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and grill until marked on the other side. Stack the flatbreads and cover with a kitchen towel up to 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 cups wholewheat flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Guy Fieris Flatbread, picturelink: null}, 804: {instructions: Prepare an outdoor smoker or if using a stovetop smoker, use 1 12 tablespoons of the smoke dust in the bottom. Fit the drip pan in the smoker and pour 12 cup water into the pan. Position the rack on top and place the ears of corn on it. Close the lid and place the smoker over high heat. When smoke begins to appear, reduce the heat to medium. Cook for 20 minutes, or until tender. If using an outdoor smoker, put a pan of water close to the smoke source so that the corn wont dry out. Serve with Chile Butter, salt, and pepper.nBlend the chile powder with the butter until light and fluffy. Season the butter with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [4 ears fresh corn, shucked, 4 tablespoons Chile Butter, recipe follows, Kosher salt, Freshly ground pepper, 5 teaspoons freshly ground pasilla, ancho, or guajillo powder, 4 ounces butter, room temperature, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Corn on the Cob with Chile Butter, picturelink: null}, 805: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the macaroni and cook to al dente. Drain in a colander.nWhisk together the smoked paprika, garlic powder, hickory smoked salt, mustard powder, nutmeg, and marjoram. Set aside.nReturn the saucepan to the stovetop and add evaporated milk to warm. Whisk in the spices and stir in the cheese, a handful at a time, until melted and smooth. Stir in the drained pasta and cook until creamy and hot. Transfer the macaroni to a serving bowl and sprinkle with chives before serving., ingredients: [8 ounces elbow macaroni pasta, 12 tablespoon smoked Spanish sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon hickory smoked salt, 12 teaspoon mustard powder, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon dried marjoram, crushed, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced chives, for garnish], title: Stephs Mac N Cheese, picturelink: YJXAQqdeyryXPWrLjPVa.4xclev6hy}, 806: {instructions: Heat a Dutch oven or other heavy pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, then add the carrots, celery, onions and garlic. Stir in the bay leaf and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook the vegetables until soft, about 5 to 6 minutes. Add the tomato paste and stir for 1 minute, then add the wine and cook for another minute. Stir in the stock and bring sauce to a simmer. Add the pork and season with a pinch of ground cloves. When the sauce returns to a simmer add the milk and reduce the heat to low. Let the sauce mellow while you bring the water to boil for the pasta or polenta. Sauce may be made ahead and reheated over mediumlow heat. Add a splash of stock or water to thin the sauce, if necessary. Serve the sauce tossed with pasta ribbons or atop creamy bowls of polenta and garnish with lots of cheese and parsley., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 2 ribs celery from the heart with leafy tops, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 cup dry white wine, or medium bodied red, 2 cups chicken stock, 34 pound to 1 pound cooked shredded pork shoulder, Pinch ground cloves, 23 cup milk, 1 pound pappardelle pasta, cooked to al dente or 1 cup quick cooking polenta, cooked to package directions, A handful finely chopped parsley leaves, Shredded ParmigianoReggiano, for topping or for more tang use grated Pecorino Romano], title: Pork Ragu, picturelink: 481UUG395T29Ch7MBANz0LJgOGJ7bTm}, 807: {instructions: Cook the noodles according to the package directions.nIn a small bowl, mix the soy sauce, sherry, cornstarch, brown sugar, ginger, chili paste, garlic and the juice of half the lime. Pour a third of the marinade into a bowl with the sliced beef and toss to coat. Reserve the rest of the marinade for later.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh to high heat. When it is very hot, throw in the onions and cook for a minute or so. Add the bell peppers and jalapenos. Cook for a minute, tossing until the peppers have brownblack bits but are still firm. Remove the vegetables to a plate.nInto the hot skillet, add the remaining tablespoon of oil. Add the meat mixture, evenly distributing it over the surface of the skillet. Allow to sit for 45 seconds, then turn with tongs. Cook for another 30 seconds, then add the onions and peppers back into the skillet. Reduce the heat to low. Pour in the remaining marinade and stir. Allow to simmer on low for a few minutes the sauce will slowly thicken. Turn off the heat.nDrain the noodles, then add half of them to the stirfry. Toss and add more noodles as desired. Stir in some very hot water if needed to thin the sauce.nTop with basil and cilantro leaves and serve immediately with a squeeze of the remaining lime half., ingredients: [1 package pad Thai rice noodles or linguine, 12 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 3 tablespoons sherry, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon red chili paste or a few dashes red chili oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 lime, halved, 1 pound flank steak, sliced very thin against the grain, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium yellow onion, sliced, 1 red bell pepper, cored and sliced into rings, 1 tablespoon diced fresh jalapeno or 1 teaspoon diced hot pepper, Fresh basil leaves, for garnish, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Thai Beef with Peppers, picturelink: bmCGkkFUn6p1zkL9gkPB2P7i8d56tP2}, 808: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Combine the kale, artichoke hearts, 12 cup of the Swiss cheese, the milk, all but 1 tablespoon of the Parmesan, the cream cheese, Worcestershire, cayenne, 12 teaspoon salt and the garlic in a medium bowl. Transfer to a 1quart baking dish and sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup Swiss cheese and 1 tablespoon Parmesan. Bake until bubbly and lightly golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Let set for 5 minutes and serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 12 cups thawed, squeezed and chopped frozen kale about 5 ounces, 12 cup thawed and roughly chopped frozen artichoke hearts about 2 ounces, 34 cup shredded lowfat Swiss cheese, 34 cup skim milk, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 4 ounces reducedfat cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Large pinch cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 1 small clove garlic, finely minced, Multigrain corn tortilla chips, for serving], title: Kale and Artichoke Dip, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 809: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Add the rosemary and lemon zest, and mix until combined. Quickly blend in the shortening until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Make a well in the center and stir in the buttermilk and strawberries until just blended. Do not over mix.nTurn the dough out onto a wellfloured board and knead gently 2 to 3 times. Pat the dough into a circle about 12inch thick. Using a 3 inch round cookie cutter, cut out biscuits and place on a baking sheet.nBake until golden, about 20 minutes. Transfer biscuits to a rack to cool.nIn a bowl, combine the melted butter, sugar, and lemon juice and zest. Brush glaze over warm biscuits., ingredients: [1 cup sifted unbleached all purpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 18 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 3 tablespoons vegetable shortening, chilled, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup diced strawberries, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest], title: Hot Strawberry Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 810: {instructions: Add the bacon to a nonstick skillet and saute over medium heat until crisp. Transfer the bacon to a plate and set aside. Add the garlic, onions and bell peppers. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, about 8 minutes.nAdd the tomatoes, wine, yogurt, hot sauce and salt, and bring to a boil, stirring constantly to scrape the browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, until the flavors are blended and the sauce begins to thicken, 6 to 8 minutes. Return the bacon to the skillet. Add the shrimp and cook until the shrimp turn bright pink and are cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a heavy castiron skillet, add your polenta and allow it to toast for about a minute. Add the hot water and slowly whisk the polenta and water together. Reduce the heat and simmer until thickened, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat.nServe the shrimp mixture over the polenta. Sprinkle with the chives if desired., ingredients: [14 cup diced Canadian bacon, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 onion, diced, 12 green bell pepper, seeded and diced, One 14 12ounce can petitecut, nosalt diced tomatoes, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons plain nonfat Greekstyle yogurt, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 dozen large shrimp, peeled and deveined, with tails on, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, for garnish, optional, 34 cup uncooked quickcooking polenta, 3 cups hot water], title: Lighter Shrimp and Polenta, picturelink: vmI5G682C6FKzEU2Kxy0wnWtOZJ0hC6}, 811: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl combine the chipotle, adobo sauce, garlic, Mexican crema, and mayonnaise. Mix until well combined and set aside.nAvocado Spread:nIn a small mixing bowl combine the avocado and lime juice. Season, to taste, with salt and set aside.nCombine the beef, adobo sauce, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Mix well, handling the meat as little as possible to avoid compacting. Divide the mixture into 4 equal portions and form into patties to fit the size of the buns.nHeat a large skillet over high heat. When oil is hot, add burgers. Cook for 3 minutes, then flip burgers. Top the burgers with Oaxacan cheese and cover with aluminum foil. Cook until the burgers are cooked mediumrare, about 3 to 4 minutes. Toast the buns.nTo assemble the burgers, spread some Chipotle Crema on the cut sides of the buns. On each bun bottom, add some corn tortilla chips, a cheesetopped patty, onion, equal amounts of Avocado Spread, and papalo. Cover with the bun tops and serve., ingredients: [2 large chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, finely chopped, plus 2 tablespoons adobo sauce, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, 12 cup Mexican crema can substitute creme fraiche, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 12 cups lightly mashed Hass avocado, 2 tablespoons lime juice, Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds ground chuck, 2 12 tablespoons adobo sauce from canned chipotle peppers, 1 34 teaspoons kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces Oaxacan cheese, separated into thin strings can substitute mozzarella, 4 sesame seed buns, split, Corn tortilla chips, 4 very thin slices red onion, 5 papalo leaves, finely minced can substitute 14 cup cilantro sprigs, plus 2 tablespoons watercress leaves], title: Mexican Cemita Burger, picturelink: srKltxkGJDDMpSNPmQGf05R2CsdFwtK}, 812: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nSaute the shallots and garlic in olive oil until the shallots are translucent. Add the spinach and continue to saute until the spinach is tender and reduced in size. Add the cinnamon and pine nuts, mix, and set aside.nDepending on the size of the oysters, arrange 1 to 2 oysters on reserved halfshells. Place a portion of the spinach mixture over the oysters. Spoon the bechamel sauce topping over the spinach mixture. Sprinkle crumbled feta cheese over the bechamel.nGrill on the halfshell over a medium high heat fire for approximately 5 to 10 minutes, or until oysters are done. Serve immediately.nMelt butter in saucepan and whisk in flour until well blended. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes to remove the starchy taste of the flour. Gradually add the milk, stirring, until the mixture comes to a boil. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Simmer until the sauce thickens. Beat the egg yolk slightly. Add the hot, thickened sauce to the egg yolk, stirring well. Pour the egg yolk mixture back into saucepan, stirring constantly. Add the crumbled feta cheese and stir constantly until cheese is melted and fully incorporated. Remove sauce from heat and use immediately., ingredients: [1 small shallot, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds fresh spinach leaves, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon toasted and chopped pine nuts, 1 dozen Maryland select oysters, shucked with shells reserved, 34 cup crumbled feta, Bechamel sauce, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 12 cups milk, hot, Salt and pepper, Pinch nutmeg, 1 egg yolk, 12 cup crumbled feta], title: Grilled Oysters Athena, picturelink: null}, 813: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Butter a 9inch ceramic or glass pie dish.nFor the filling: Finely grind the tapioca in a food processor or spice grinder, about 1 minute. Combine the blueberries, peaches, sugar, lemon juice, vanilla, cinnamon, lemon zest and tapioca in a medium bowl.nUnroll the pie crust and place in the pie dish. Brush the inside with the egg white.nFor the topping: Pulse the almonds, butter, oats, flour and sugar until small chunks form in a food processor.nPour the filling into the crust. Crumble the topping over the filling and bake until the top is golden brown, about 55 minutes. If after 30 minutes of baking the edges of the crust begin to brown too quickly, cover the edges of the pie dish with strips of foil. Cool the pie for 30 to 40 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the pie dish, 14 cup quick cooking tapioca pearls, such as Minute Tapioca, 1 pound frozen blueberries, thawed and drained, or 1 12 cups fresh blueberries, 1 pound frozen peaches, thawed, or 3 large fresh peaches, pitted and thinly sliced, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Zest of 1 large lemon, One 9inch unrollandbake refrigerated pie crust, 1 egg white, lightly beaten, 12 cup slivered almonds, 12 cup 1 stick butter, cut into 12inch pieces, chilled, 12 cup quick cook oats, 12 cup almond flour, 12 cup brown sugar], title: Peach and Blueberry Crumb Pie, picturelink: QAGPxeczevfArsgPzaHKiiCnbWfrqy}, 814: {instructions: Pierce the skin of each potato once or twice with the tines of a fork. If desired, precook potatoes by baking them in a preheated 350 degree oven until just soft when pressed, about 1 hour.nPrepare a wood fire outdoors and let cook down to embers. Place each potato on a square of foil large enough to wrap it, dull side up. Sprinkle with olive oil, salt, and pepper, to taste. Rub oil and seasonings into potato, then gather foil around potato to cover it tightly. If using uncooked potatoes, place them in embers of the fire 1 hour before serving turn every 15 minutes with long handled tongs do not worry if foil starts to blacken. Roast until the tip of a knife slides into the potato easily remove a potato from the fire and pull back foil to test return to fire if not cooked through. If using precooked potatoes, place them in the embers for 20 minutes to heat through, turning with tongs once or twice.nTo serve, remove potatoes from fire with tongs. Unwrap potatoes with hot pads and cut open tops. Squeeze open potatoes to expose flesh and slather with plain butter or cilantro butter., ingredients: [4 to 6 large baking potatoes, like russets, scrubbed, Olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground pepper, Plain butter or butter smashed with cilantro], title: FireRoasted Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 815: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, butter, sugar, and salt. With your fingertips, rub the mixture together, breaking up the butter, until the mixture has formed peasized crumbs. Add the creme fraiche and the vanilla and mix together just until a dough forms. Gather the dough into a ball and flatten it into a disk. Wrap with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. In a food processor, pulse the guava paste with the lemon juice until a smooth paste forms. On a lightly floured surface, roll the pastry out to 14inch thickness and cut out thirty 2 x 2inch squares. Place 12 teaspoon of the guava paste in the center of each square. Dab a little beaten egg on the inside of one corner and on the outside of the opposing corner. Bring the two edges together until they meet and slightly overlap with the eggdabbed surfaces together, covering most of the paste. Press lightly to seal. Transfer the squares to a lightly oiled baking sheet and bake for about 25 minutes, or until the squares are just golden. Cool on racks and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 14 cups cake flour, 34 cup unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 level tablespoons creme fraiche, 14 teaspoon vanilla, 4 ounces guava paste, broken up, 12 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: Creme Fraiche and Guava Pastry Squares, picturelink: null}, 816: {instructions: For the Tempura Batter: In a mixing bowl, blend the dry ingredients. Stir in the egg, and while stirring, pour in the seltzer, 12 cup at a time. Stir to completely combine ingredients. Add enough seltzer so that the blend is the consistency of unwhipped heavy cream. Stir in a few ice cubes to keep the batter very cold.nPreheat oil to 350 degrees F. Dip softshell crab into tempura batter. Fry crab until it turns golden brown. Remove and place on paper towels to drain. Cut into thirds. Place all ingredients on bamboo mat in the following order: nori, rice, crab, avocado, and spicy mayonnaise and roll in a jelly roll fashion.nPlace all ingredients except oil in blender. On medium speed, slowly add the oil to emulsify into mayonnaise., ingredients: [1 cup all purpose flour, 12 cup cornstarch, 1 whole egg beaten, 1 to 2 cups seltzer, A few ice cubes, 1 nori sheet, 12 cup sushi rice, 18 avocado, 2 tablespoons Spicy Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 3 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon chopped shallot, 12 clove garlic, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 2 teaspoons seasoned rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon miso paste, 2 teaspoon green yuzo chile paste, 2 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 cups vegetable oil, 1 softshell crab, 2 cups tempura batter], title: Spider Roll: Soft Shell Crab Roll, picturelink: null}, 817: {instructions: Heat the butter in a 12inch ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the mushrooms, onion and zucchini and cook until tender. Stir in the egg mixture. Reduce the heat to low. Cook for 5 minutes or until the eggs are set but still moist.nHeat the broiler. Sprinkle the cheese over the egg mixture. Broil the frittata with the top 4 inches from the heat for 2 minutes or until the top is golden brown. Sprinkle with the green onion.nServing Suggestion: Serve with wholegrain rolls and a fresh fruit salad. For dessert serve lemon sorbet and meringue cookies., ingredients: [6 eggs, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Broccoli Cheese Soup Regular or 98 Fat Free, 14 cup milk, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cups sliced mushrooms about 6 ounces, 1 large onion, chopped about 1 cup, 1 small zucchini, sliced about 1 cup, 14 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, 1 green onion, chopped about 2 tablespoons], title: Cheddar Broccoli Frittata, picturelink: vA7ULpU7ZwcMTDVtDrPxuueL5lSExTO}, 818: {instructions: Rotisserie Chicken:nRinse the chicken very well, and cut off all the fat. Tuck the wings under the back of the chicken.nMake a paste by mixing the garlic, huacatay, pepper, salt, aji, cumin, lemon or lime juice and achiote. Spread paste on the chicken and rub well from outside to inside. Let stand in the refrigerator for 2 hours or more, for a good flavor.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Put the chicken in the roasting pan with lid. Cook, covered, for 1 12 hours or until it is golden brown.nYucca Root:nAfter you have peeled and boiled the yucca. Cut it into a French fry shape. In a deep pot or a deepfryer heat oil to 350 degrees F. Fry the yucca in batches, if necessary, until golden brown and crispy. Sprinkle with salt to taste.nAji sauce:nMix cream of aji, olive oil, green onions, and lime juice in a medium bowl.nCheese sauce:nBlend queso fresco, red onion, oil, milk, turmeric mixture, chile, salt and pepper, and lemon juice in a blender until it becomes creamy.nPut the whole chicken on a plate with the fried yucca root around, and the 2 sauces on the side for dipping. This is the way my kids started to eat the chicken I make, and thank you God, no more chicken fingers., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons huacatay Peruvian herb, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 ajies Peruvian chile, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 lemons or limes, juiced, 12 teaspoon achiote annato, 2 pounds yucca root, peeled and boiled cook them like potatoes, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup of cream of aji 6 to 9 ajies in the blender with salt, 1 clove of garlic, ground black pepper, and 12 cup oil, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 2 green onions, chopped, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 package queso fresco, 14 red onion sauteed without oil, 34 cup oil, 34 cup milk, 1 teaspoon turmeric cook the turmeric in 2 tablespoon hot oil, for 3 seconds, 1 aji chile, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Rotisserie Chicken, with Fried Yucca Root, picturelink: null}, 819: {instructions: Stir the puffed rice, wasabi peas, pumpkin seeds, and soy nuts together in a medium bowl. In another small bowl, whisk the vegetable oil, brown sugar, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, sesame oil, garlic powder, ginger, and cayenne, to taste. Pour the wet mixture over the puffed rice mixture and toss until thoroughly coated. Spread the mixture in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until lightly browned and crisped, about 20 minutes, stirring once halfway through. Cool on the baking sheet to crisp fully. Serve at room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper., ingredients: [3 cups puffed rice, 12 cup wasabi peas, 14 cup pumpkin seeds, 14 cup soy nuts, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 4 teaspoons soy sauce, 4 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger root, Cayenne pepper, Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.], title: Spicy Rice and Peas Snack, picturelink: null}, 820: {instructions: 1. Position the oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F.n2. Pulse the parsley, spinach, 1 stick butter, Parmesan, walnuts, rosemary, thyme, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a food processor until smooth.n3. Place the turkey, skinside down, on a work surface. Sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper spread the herb mixture over the turkey. Fold the tenderloin, if intact, into the center, and roll the breast up into an even roll. Tuck in the ends to prevent them from overcooking. Tie the roll with kitchen twine at about 1 12inch intervals.n4. Place the roll on a foillined baking sheet, brush with the melted butter, and sprinkle all over with salt and pepper. Roast for 25 minutes, then lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and cook until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the turkey registers 150 to 160 degrees F, about 55 minutes. Let rest for 25 minutes before slicing.n5. Remove the twine and slice the turkey. Arrange on a platter and drizzle with the pan juices. Serve.n1. Position the oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F.n2. Pulse the parsley, spinach, 1 stick butter, Parmesan, walnuts, rosemary, thyme, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a food processor until smooth.n3. Place the turkey, skinside down, on a work surface. Sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper spread the herb mixture over the turkey. Fold the tenderloin, if intact, into the center, and roll the breast up into an even roll. Tuck in the ends to prevent them from overcooking. Tie the roll with kitchen twine at about 1 12inch intervals.n4. Place the roll on a foillined baking sheet, brush with the melted butter, and sprinkle all over with salt and pepper. Roast for 25 minutes, then lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and cook until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the turkey registers 150 to 160 degrees F, about 55 minutes. Let rest for 25 minutes before slicing.n5. Remove the twine and slice the turkey. Arrange on a platter and drizzle with the pan juices. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 cup fresh spinach leaves, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus 2 tablespoons, melted, for brushing, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup walnuts, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 3 12pound boneless turkey breast half, with skin, butterflied], title: Rolled Turkey Breast with Herbs and Walnuts, picturelink: null}, 821: {instructions: Four Hours Prior: In a spice grinder, combine lavender, salt and pepper. Pulse 2 or 3 times only, to lightly grind together. Coat the venison generously with the lavender rub. Set aside in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours.n90 Minutes Prior: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Roast 3 whole sweet potatoes in the oven for 45 minutes or until very soft. Set aside, but do not allow them to cool completely. While the sweet potatoes are roasting, peel and dice 1 inch cubes the celeriac. Simmer the celeriac in salted water until very tender, test with a paring knife. Drain the celeriac and hold in a warm place while you peel the sweet potatoes. Place the warm celeriac and warm sweet potatoes in the food processor and pure until very smooth, add the butter and lemon juice and season to taste with salt and pepper. Hold the puree in a warm place until you are ready to serve.n45 minutes prior: In a heavy stainless steel pan, mix sugar and water. Simmer over medium high heat, brushing the sides with a wet brush to prevent crystallization. Once the mixture has become caramel, with a medium amber color, remove from the heat and whisk in the sherry vinegar. Once the vinegar is fully incorporated, whisk in the fresh thyme and set the sauce aside, holding at room temperature. Cut the remaining sweet potato into a very fine angel hair. In a small, heavy stainless steel pan, heat the canola oil to 300 degrees. Carefully fry the sweet potato straw until crisp but not browned. Drain the straw well on paper towel, season with salt and set aside.n30 minutes prior Oven should still be on at 400 degrees: Preheat a large saute pan on the stove over high heat. In the hot pan, sear the venison evenly until the entire piece of meat is dark brown and crusty. Place the venison on a roasting rack in a roasting pan and roast for approximately 20 minutes. The internal temperature of the meat should be no more than 115 degrees for a perfect medium rare. Once the meat has reached desired temperature, remove from the oven and allow to rest in a warm place for at least 10 minutes.nTo complete the whole meal: In a large saute pan, over medium heat, gently steam the Swiss chard with 2 tablespoons of butter, covering the pot. When the chard is appropriately wilted, carve the venison and plate all of the components in the desired fashion, garnishing with the sweet potato straw., ingredients: [1 ounce dry lavender, 1 ounce salt, 12 ounce cracked back pepper, 3 pounds venison loin, boneless and trimmed, 4 sweet potatoes, 1 large celeriac, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 12 cup sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoon fresh thyme, chopped, 2 cups canola oil for frying, 1 bunch Swiss chard, cleaned and chopped into 1 inch ribbons, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Lavender Roasted Venison Sweet PotatoCeleriac Puree and Sherry Vinegar Gastric, picturelink: null}, 822: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400degrees F. Roll out Canola Oil Dough into a rectangle it doesnt have to be perfect and transfer to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.nIn a small bowl, combine cinnamon and sugar, set aside. In a medium bowl, combine 1 tablespoon of the cinnamonsugar mixture, along with flour and salt  stir to combine. Add pears and almond extract, if using and toss well to coat the pears. Arrange pears in a single layer on the dough, leaving a 12 inch border. Gently fold in the dough on each side of the tart, slightly covering the edges of the pears. Sprinkle with remaining cinnamonsugar and bake for 40 minutes or until golden. Serve warm or at room temperature. Top each serving with an additional sprinkle of cinnamon, if desired.nCombine flour and salt in a medium bowl. Mix the oil and 56 tablespoons of the water in another bowl. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture and pour in the oil mixture. Mix with a fork until just combined about 30 seconds. If it doesnu00bft combine immediately, add 12 more tablespoons water. The dough will be soft and smooth and a little less dense than traditional pie dough. Divide into two balls. Chill or roll out immediately between two sheets of waxed paper., ingredients: [12 recipe Canola Oil Pie Dough, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, Pinch kosher salt, 18 teaspoon pure almond extract, 2 large pears, thinly sliced, 2 cups unbleached white flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup canola oil, 58 tablespoons cold water], title: Vegan Pear Tart, picturelink: VZuUP6IVcB1tmXVYZ9cSUmyRjgPzlE2}, 823: {instructions: Muddle raspberries with sugar in a rocks glass. Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the rum and lime juice, shake until chilled. In general, the drink is ready by the time the shaker mists up. Pour drink with some ice over the berries in the glass., ingredients: [6 fresh raspberries, 1 packed tablespoon dark brown sugar, Ice cubes, 2 ounces golden rum, Juice of 12 lime about 1 tablespoon], title: Golden Daiquiri, picturelink: oTug4EGMd.Pn6jlTWA3mpMX.G4ofx2}, 824: {instructions: For the vegetables: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Coat a large rimmed baking sheet with vegetable oil spray. Combine all the vegetables in a large bowl. Drizzle with the olive oil and sprinkle with rosemary, salt and pepper. Toss to coat. Spread out the vegetables in a single layer on the prepared sheet. Roast until tender, 25 to 30 minutes.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and place in a large serving bowl.nFor the dressing: In a medium bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, safflower oil, sour cream, lemon zest, lemon juice, chives, mint, parsley, salt and pepper until smooth.nAdd the roasted vegetables and dressing to the cooked pasta. Toss until all ingredients are coated and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 6 ounces sugar snap peas, strings removed, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 plum tomatoes, seeded, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 large yellow bell peppers, cored, seeded, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 large orange bell pepper, cored, seeded, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound cavatappi or macaroni pasta, 23 cup buttermilk, 23 cup safflower oil, 23 cup sour cream, 2 lemons, zested, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 13 cup chopped fresh chives, 13 cup chopped fresh mint, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Curly Pasta and Veggie Salad, picturelink: null}, 825: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nLine a large cookie sheet with foil and spray with nonstick spray. In a 10inch skillet over medium heat, add 6 tablespoons sugar and orangetangerine juice. Bring to a simmer, and then add walnuts. Cook until sugar is absorbed and mixture starts to caramelize around walnuts, stirring constantly, about 2 minutes.nIn a small bowl, mix cinnamon and remaining 3 tablespoons sugar. Toss walnuts in cinnamonsugar. Place walnuts in single layer on prepared cookie sheet. Bake until walnuts appear crystallized and toasted, about 8 minutes. Set asidenPlace 4 to 6 dry lettuce leaves on each plate. Randomly place orange segments, onion slices, and walnuts on top of each lettuce bed. Drizzle 2 tablespoons of dressing on top of each salad and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable spray, 6 tablespoons plus 3 more tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons orangetangerine juice, 2 cups walnut halves, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 heads butter lettuce, washed and dried, 2 8ounce cans mandarin orange segments, 12 red onion, very thinly sliced, 1 cup purchased Asianstyle salad dressing such as miso dressing or ginger dressing], title: Candied Walnut Butter Salad, picturelink: CTfEq6ADJpKf4ys4awoYB4hpdzgXqm}, 826: {instructions: Place the tomatillos, jalapenos and water in a blender or a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Puree just until chunky. Then add the remaining ingredients and puree about 2 minutes more, or until no large chunks remain. This salsa keeps in the refrigerator, in a covered container, about 3 days., ingredients: [12 pound tomatillos, husked, washed and cut into quarters, 1 to 2 large jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded and roughly chopped, 14 cup cold water, 12 small onion, cut in half, 1 bunch cilantro, stems and leaves, 1 teaspoon coarse salt], title: Tomatillo Salsa, picturelink: null}, 827: {instructions: Chill 8 serving plates. Place meat in freezer about 10 minutes.nWhisk together olive oil, lemon juice, shallots, salt, and pepper in a small bowl and reserve.nSlice cold beef across grain into 18inch slices. Then place each slice, one at a time, between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and, using the smooth side of a meat pounder, flatten by gently pounding and pressing back and forth. Work from center out. Keep turning to flatten it evenly to about 116 inch. You should spend about a minute on each slice.nEntirely cover each chilled plate with thin slices of beef. At this stage, you can cover with plastic wrap and reserve in refrigerator for several hours. Carefully spoon reserved dressing over meat to evenly cover. Garnish with Parmesan strips and chives, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound beef sirloin, trimmed of all fat and sinew, 34 cup olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon, 8 large shallots, finely diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon cracked black peppercorns, Julienned Parmesan cheese and chopped fresh chives, for garnish], title: Beef Carpaccio, picturelink: null}, 828: {instructions: Place the dried shiitake mushrooms in a small heatproof bowl and cover with boiling water. Allow to soak for 30 minutes. Drain, rinse, and cut into thin slices. Set aside.nIn a large saucepan, heat the chicken stock. Add the ginger, garlic, chile paste, vinegar, soy sauce, reconstituted shiitake mushrooms, and bamboo shoots. Simmer for 10 minutes. Add the lime juice and sugar and season to taste with salt.nMake a cornstarch slurry by mixing together the cornstarch and water. Add the slurry to the soup and simmer for a few minutes until the soup thickens. Bring the soup to a boil and slowly pour in the beaten egg, stirring gently a few times with a spoon or with chopsticks. Dont whisk or stir too vigorouslyyou want nice long shreds of egg. The egg will cook almost instantly. Remove the soup from the heat.nOn the plate: Ladle the soup into 4 bowls. Top each bowl with an ounce of crabmeat and garnish with the green onions., ingredients: [1 ounce dried shiitake mushrooms, 6 cups chicken stock, 3 tablespoons peeled and finely julienned ginger, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons Chinese chili paste with garlic, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 cup canned slivered bamboo shoots, drained, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons sugar, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons cold water, 1 large egg, beaten, 4 ounces fresh cooked crabmeat, 14 cup green onions or scallions, white and green parts, cut on the bias into thin strips or julienned], title: Hot and Sour Soup with Crab, picturelink: null}, 829: {instructions: Heat butter in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, celery and carrots and cook until soft. Raise the heat to high and add the port, cook until dry. Add the spices, cranberry juice, and chicken stock. Strain the sauce and discard solids. Return to pan to heat, whisk in the cold butter, stir in cranberries, and heat through. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, peeled and finely chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and finely chopped, 12 cup port wine, 14 teaspoon Mexican cinnamon, 14 teaspoon allspice, 12 cup cranberry juice, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 14 cup fresh or frozen cranberries, coarsely chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Spicy Cranberry Mexican Cinnamon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 830: {instructions: For the polenta: Coat a 9 by 13inch baking dish with a thin coat of olive oil.nCombine 4 cups water and 2 teaspoons salt in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Slowly add the polenta, whisking constantly. Reduce the heat to low, bringing the polenta to a simmer, and cook, stirring occasionally, until thick, 5 to 8 minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in the butter, cheese and rosemary. Pour the polenta into the prepared dish and cool completely until firm.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a nonstick silicone liner.nUnmold the polenta, cut into 1inch squares and place on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until crisp and golden, about 1 hour.nFor the salad: Meanwhile, whisk together the vinegar and Dijon in a small bowl along with some salt and pepper. Add the oil in a thin stream, whisking constantly. Toss the greens with the dressing in a large salad bowl. Add the tomatoes, cranberries, and Roquefort and toss again. Arrange the salad on a large serving platter or individual plates. Top with half the croutons and serve immediately. Reserve the remaining croutons for another use in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to two days., ingredients: [Olive oil, for greasing the pan, Kosher salt, 1 cup instant polenta, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 cup grated cheese, such as ParmigianoReggiano, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 10 cups 5 ounces mixed baby greens, 12 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons dried cranberries or currants, 13 cup crumbled Roquefort cheese], title: Greens with Polenta Croutons, picturelink: KLv5fSFkWmUAKLRJXSn1H9eh4CtNT6}, 831: {instructions: Special equipment: long wooden skewers, soakednPrepare a grill for mediumhigh heat.nIn a large bowl, combine the bocconcini, tomatoes, oil, salt, pepper flakes and some black pepper. Toss until fully combined.nBuild the skewers: Thread basil, tomato, mozzarella and bread onto long wooden skewers repeat in that sequence. Place the skewers on a baking sheet and drizzle oil over the bread. Set aside for 5 minutes to marinate, then drain off excess oil.nGrill, rotating constantly, until the cheese is warmed and the bread is toasted, 2 to 3 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound bocconcini fresh mozzarella balls, 1 pound cherry tomatoes, 14 cup olive oil, plus additional for drizzling, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch fresh basil, 12 large baguette, cut into 1inch pieces], title: Caprese Kabob, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 832: {instructions: To make the meatballs: In a large bowl, mix together all the ingredients, except the canola oil. Shape heaping teaspoons of the mixture into 1inch balls. In a Dutch oven, heat a tablespoon of oil over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, wiping pan in between, saute the meatballs, turning frequently for even browning, until cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes. Place on a paper towellined plate.nHeat oil in the same Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and saute until golden brown, about 8 minutes. Add the crushed red pepper and cook 1 minute. Stir in the remaining ingredients and reduce heat to low.nAdd the browned meatballs to the Dutch oven and toss gently to coat with sauce., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground pork, 1 cup plain bread crumbs, 12 cup milk, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 2 eggs, 1 chipotle pepper in adobo sauce, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons adobe sauce from can of chipotle peppers in adobo, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes, 2 cups ketchup, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar], title: Spicy Cocktail Meatballs, picturelink: q4Q7VZGJZpTv9YPYjuNgOv3ISR22YkO}, 833: {instructions: Heat a grill pan over high heat. Toss chicken with soy and oil and grill 6 minutes on each side.nCombine cucumber, sprouts, carrots, scallions, basil, mint and sesame with a generous sprinkle of sugar and vinegar. Season salad with salt, to taste.nWhisk peanut butter, soy sauce, vinegar and cayenne together. Stream in vegetable oil.nSlice cooked chicken on an angle. Toss with veggies and herbs.nIn a very hot nonstick skillet or over a gas burner heat tortillas 15 seconds on each side.nPile chicken and veggies in wraps and drizzle liberally with spicy peanut sauce before wrapping and rolling., ingredients: [3 6ounce chicken breasts, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning, 12 seedless cucumber, peeled, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced on an angle, 2 cups fresh bean sprouts, 1 cup shredded carrots, available in pouches in produce department, 3 scallions, sliced on an angle, 12 leaves basil, chopped or torn, 3 tablespoons chopped mint leaves 4 sprigs, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar or white vinegar, Salt, 14 cup room temperature chunky peanut butter, soften in microwave if it has been refrigerated, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar or white vinegar, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 12inch flour tortilla wraps], title: Thai Chicken Wrap with Spicy Peanut Sauce, picturelink: I51O4VdXWBhC3NK5bcg05LuLWtbFEKq}, 834: {instructions: Combine the watermelon and onethird of the mint in an airtight container and refrigerate overnight.nMix together the chile de arbol, salt and sugar. Finely chop the remaining mint.nArrange the watermelon on a plate and sprinkle with the chile de arbol mixture. Top with the mint, orange zest and watermelon candy. Enjoy ice cold., ingredients: [1 cup watermelon, cubed, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 teaspoon crushed chile de arbol flakes, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 1 packet watermelon carbonated candy, such as Pop Rocks], title: Sizzling Watermelon, picturelink: null}, 835: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nToast the pine nuts in the oven in a pan. When browned, remove and set aside.nSeason both sides of the veal medallions with salt and pepper, and then dust each side very lightly with flour. Pat off any excess.nHeat the oil in a heavy saute pan large enough to hold the veal without crowding it. When the oil is hot, brown the medallions approximately 3 minutes per side, or until they are golden brown and just cooked through. Transfer the meat to a heated plate and keep warm. Pour off any excess fat from the pan.nDeglaze the pan with the wine, and then reduce to 14 of a cup. Add the stock and also add any of the veal juices that have collected on the plate. Reduce the sauce until it thickens slightly. Slowly whisk in 4 tablespoons of the butter, a little at a time. Season the sauce, to taste, with salt and pepper and strain into a small saucepan. Keep warm.nIn a medium saute pan, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter. Add the sliced apples, and the lemon juice. Saute until tender and golden brown.nMix watercress with citrus vinaigrette. Divide watercress evenly among 4 plates. Place a few slices of apple on top of the salad. Top with 2 veal medallions per plate, and spoon sauce over meat. Sprinkle with the reserved pine nuts.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSpread the bones and onion slices in a roasting pan and set in the oven. Turn the bones to brown all sides until they are a deep golden brown, about 30 minutes. Do not allow them to burn, since that will give the stock a bitter taste.nTransfer the bones and onion to a stockpot, and place the roasting pan on the stove. Over medium high heat, deglaze the pan with 2 cups of water, scraping up all the bits that stick to the bottom of the pan. Pour into the stockpot and add 3 quarts of water. Bring to a boil, lower heat, and simmer for 3 hours.nStrain into a clean stockpot and boil for 20 to 30 minutes, until the stock is reduced to 2 cups. At this point, the stock is more concentrated and more flavorful. Strain into a clean bowl and cool.nSince brown stock is primarily a base for sauces and only a small amount is used, pour the cooled stock into an icecube tray. When completely solid, release the cubes, enclose in a plastic bag, and return to the freezer. When needed, one or two cubes can be defrosted and used.nIn a medium saucepan, bring orange juice to a boil. Lower to a simmer and reduce until only 13 cup remains. Cool to room temperature.nIn a medium bowl, combine orange juice, shallot, thyme, vinegar and orange zest.nSlowly whisk in olive oil until thick and emulsified. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until needed., ingredients: [4 tablespoons pine nuts, 8 3 ounce veal medallions 2 per person, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon flour, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 cup Beeren Auslese Riesling, 12 cup brown chicken stock, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 apples, peeled, seeded and cut into eighths, 12 lemon, juiced, 3 cups watercress, 3 tablespoons ShallotCitrus Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 5 to 6 pounds chicken bones, including necks and feet, coarsely chopped, 1 medium onion, peeled, trimmed, and thinly sliced, 2 cups water, plus 3 quarts, 34 cup fresh orange juice, 1 teaspoon minced shallot, 12 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon orange zest, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Veal Medallions with Caramelized Apples, Beeren Auslese Riesling, and Pine Nuts, picturelink: null}, 836: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a casserole pan, then add onions, squab, parsley, cilantro, black pepper, saffron, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, clove, and salt, to taste. Stir well, then add 2 cups of water. Cover and cook for 20 to 30 minutes.nRemove squab from casserole and set aside. Continue cooking the sauce and add the beaten eggs. Mix well with the sauce and keep stirring at all times, so eggs wont stick to the bottom of the casserole. When eggs are well cooked, remove from the heat and pour into a strainer. Let casserole sit for about 20 to 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cover the phyllo with a damp towel so it will not dry out.nTake an ovenproof frying pan and brush generously with butter. Very gently, spread 5 sheets of phyllo dough over the pan in a crisscross way, leaving some phyllo dough draped around the edges of the pan.nAdd another sheet of phyllo crunched in the middle of the pan. Mix together the cinnamon and sugar in a small bowl. Pour some of the cinnamon sugar all around the phyllo. Then, add 12 of the roasted crushed almonds. Cover with 3 more layers of phyllo and pour on 12 of the eggs with half of the squab. Cover again with 3 layers of phyllo and sprinkle with the remaining cinnamon sugar and almonds.nCover with 3 layers of phyllo and pour on the rest of the eggs and the squab. Cover with 2 layers of crunched phyllo and close the draping edges very gently like a rose, without pushing. It needs to be very fluffy.nPour the melted butter over the leaves and bake it for about 10 to 15 minutes, until golden brown.nTurn the pan upside down onto a large platter. Mix together remaining cinnamon and sugar. Garnish with powdered sugar and make a design with the mixture of cinnamon and sugar. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 ounces virgin olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 4 squabs or quails, cut in small pieces, 4 parsley stems, finely chopped, 3 cilantro stems, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 pinch saffron, 12 teaspoon ginger, Pinch nutmeg, Pinch clove, Salt, 2 cups water, 6 eggs, beaten with a pinch of salt, 1 package phyllo dough, 14 pound butter, melted, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 16 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup roasted and crushed almonds, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 12 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 cup powdered sugar], title: Bstella with Squab, picturelink: null}, 837: {instructions: Microwave lime for about 30 seconds to release essential oils, and set aside just long enough so that it is cool enough to handle. Turn on the blender and while its running, add 1 at a time through the feed tube, the parsley, chives, and garlic, and blend together until a smooth paste has formed. At this point the lime should be cool enough to squeeze. With the power still on, squeeze the lime juice through the blender feed tube, and then very slowly add the buttermilk until the mixture thickens and can coat the back of a spoon. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Set aside in refrigerator until needed. When chilled, the dressing should resemble something like mayonnaise.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a large skillet with oven safe handles, cook bacon over low heat until crisp. Remove bacon and set aside to drain. Season turkey breast and add to the bacon fat rendered in the skillet and brown on all sides. Cover and roast until it reaches an internal temperature of 160 to 165 degrees F so that during the carryover cooking it continues to cook after removed from oven it reaches 170 degrees F. This is done in an effort to keep the meat from drying out. Remove turkey to a utility platter and let rest. Leave oven on to make croutons.nSlice the epee loaf in half lengthwise and place on a baking sheet. Pour olive oil over cut side of bread, and season with dried parsley, salt and pepper. Toast in oven for 10 to 15 minutes, or until crisp. Remove from oven and let cool.nPlace lettuce on serving dish. Arrange tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots, and mozzarella cheese wedges on top. Break or cut cooked bacon into pieces and sprinkle on top. Cut bread into small croutons and distribute evenly on salad. Slice the turkey and erve with dressing on the side., ingredients: [1 lime, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh chives, 1 clove garlic, peeled and quartered, 34 cup buttermilk, Salt, Pepper, 12 pound bacon, 2 pounds turkey breast, Salt, Pepper, 1 epee loaf, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon dried parsley, 1 head Bibb lettuce, soaked, dried in a salad spinner, spines of leaves removed and torn into bitesized pieces, 2 large ripe tomatoes or 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved, 2 English cucumbers, peeled and sliced, 3 carrots, peeled and sliced, or shredded with a vegetable peeler, 12 pound fresh mozzarella cheese, cut into small wedges], title: Camp Cobb Salad, picturelink: baylg2D8RIWCYa7BKfMmM4vzaNyuMa}, 838: {instructions: Cut the apple into quarters, remove the stem and the seeds, and cut into very thin slices. Sprinkle lemon juice over the slices and set aside.nWhen ready to serve, in a salad bowl, combine the apple, spinach, radicchio, and blue cheese. Season lightly with salt and pepper and toss with the dressing. Adjust seasoning, to taste.nTo serve, divide the salad among 4 plates and sprinkle the pecans around each salad.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the shallots and the mustard. Whisk in the vinegars, and then the olive and vegetable oils. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a covered container and refrigerate until needed.nYield: 1 14 cupsnRecipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, Adventures in the Kitchen, Random House, 1991nIn a deepfryer or a deep pot, heat the oil to 350 degrees F. A deepfrying thermometer can be clipped to the side of the pan so that you can tell when the proper temperature has been reached.nMeanwhile, in a large saucepan bring 2 quarts of water to a boil. Add the pecans and boil for 2 minutes. Drain in a large strainer, shaking off all excess water. Sprinkle the salt and cayenne pepper over the nuts and then coat with the confectioners sugar, a little at a time, allowing the sugar to melt into the pecans. Toss the nuts by shaking the strainer, adding a little more sugar each time, until all the sugar is used and all the nuts are coated. Do not use hands or a spoon to toss. The nuts should have a glaze of sugar.nCarefully add the nuts to the heated oil, keeping the oil at 350 degrees F. Cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove with a slotted spoon to a baking tray to cool.nYield: 2 cupsnRecipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, Pizza, Pasta  More, Random House, 2000, ingredients: [1 apple, chilled, 1 small lemon, juiced, 8 ounces spinach, washed, thoroughly dried, and stemmed, 1 small head about 3 ounces radicchio, cut into chiffonade, 5 ounces blue cheese, crumbled, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 12 cup Spago House Dressing, recipe follows, 1 12 cups Spiced Caramelized Pecans, recipe follows, 2 large shallots, minced 1 heaping tablespoon, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons zinfandel vinegar, 2 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 3 cups peanut oil, 2 cups pecan halves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup sifted confectioners sugar], title: Spinach and Blue Cheese Salad with Sliced Apples and Spiced Caramelized Pecans, picturelink: null}, 839: {instructions: Whisk 1 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 1 tablespoon each soy sauce and rice wine vinegar and 2 teaspoons wasabi paste in a bowl until smooth. Serve with cooked shrimp.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Wasabi Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: NUZlwiJgpia2I9xRew2LzWFoZXIexK}, 840: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl combine the beef, spinach, zucchini, onion, bulghur, egg, oregano, salt and a few grinds of pepper. Mix until thoroughly combined.nArrange the pepper halves cut side up in a 9 by 13inch baking dish and fill each pepper half with the meat mixture. Pour the tomatoes over the peppers and sprinkle with the feta cheese. Cover with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Uncover and bake until the meat mixture is completely cooked and the peppers are tender, about 25 minutes longer., ingredients: [1 pound lean ground beef, 1 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 1 medium zucchini, coarsely grated about 2 cups, 1 small onion, minced about 1 cup, 12 cup bulghur, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 red bell peppers, halved lengthwise, cores and ribs removed, 2 14 12ounce cans lowsodium stewed tomatoes, finely chopped, 13 cup crumbled feta cheese], title: GreekStyle Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: N0KU6WYlVi4UhTIUokIAWzJpqERJCpe}, 841: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together rice vinegar, canola oil, sesame oil, and sesame seeds. Add slaw mix, bean sprouts, and fried noodles. Toss to combine. Place in refrigerator for 15 minutes for flavors to meld.nServe garnished with additional fried noodles., ingredients: [14 cup rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 12 ounces tricolor cole slaw mix, 1 cup bean sprouts, 1 cup crispy fried chow mein noodles, plus more for garnish recommended: La Choy], title: Asian Slaw, picturelink: null}, 842: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Toss the shrimp and onion in a bowl with the olive oil and oregano. Season with salt and pepper.nStretch the pizza dough into a roughly 8by10inch rectangle. Lightly brush the grill with olive oil. Lay the dough on the grill and cook until the top begins to bubble and the bottom is marked, about 3 minutes. Remove with tongs and put cookedside up on a cutting board. Brush with olive oil.nGrill the shrimp and onion, turning, until the onion softens and the shrimp are lightly charred, about 5 minutes. Top the crust with the shrimp and onion, then slide the pizza back onto the grill. Top with the tomatoes and feta, cover and grill until the dough is cooked through and the cheese is soft, about 5 more minutes.nCarefully transfer the pizza to the cutting board. Sprinkle with the parsley and cut into pieces.nPer serving: Calories 585 Fat 28 g Saturated 7 g Cholesterol 143 mg Sodium 708 mg Carbohydrate 60 g Fiber 3 g Protein 27 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [34 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 red onion, sliced into rounds, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound prepared pizza dough, at room temperature, 1 cup cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Grilled Shrimp Pizza, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 843: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a large skillet. Season beef medallions with salt and pepper. Sear in hot oil until browned. Remove and set aside. Add roasted garlic pulp and spinach. Saute until spinach wilts. Add tomato paste and sauce. Bring to a simmer and stir until smooth. Blanch gnocchi until done, drain and fold into sauce with the Romano cheese. Arrange medallions on top of mixture. Sprinkle in more cheese and bake in preheated 400 degree oven for 5 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 beef tenderloin half, peeled and sliced into 3ounce medallions, Salt and pepper, 1 bulb roasted garlic cloves, pulp removed, 6 ounces raw spinach, 1 4ounce can tomato paste, 2 12ounce cans tomato sauce, 1 pound frozen gnocchi, 1 12 cups grated fresh Romano cheese], title: Beef Tenderloin and Gnocchi Casserole, picturelink: null}, 844: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan combine the milk, coconut milk, tapioca, sugar, vanilla bean, and a pinch of salt and cook over low heat, whisking, for 10 minutes, or until the tapioca is translucent. Whisk in the egg yolk and cook the mixture over low heat, stirring, until it registers 160 F on a candy thermometer. Remove the pan from the heat and let the pudding stand, covered, for 30 to 45 minutes. Remove the vanilla bean and stir in the ground ginger or crystallized ginger. Serve warm garnished with grated coconut or mango slices., ingredients: [1 13 cup whole milk, 2 cups canned unsweetened coconut milk available at Asian markets and some specialty foods shops, 23 cup small pearl tapioca available at Asian markets or quickcooking tapioca, 23 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 1 large egg yolk, 1 teaspoon ground ginger or 1 tablespoon minced crystallized ginger, Freshly grated coconut andor mango slices, optional], title: AsianStyle Coconut Ginger Tapioca Pudding, picturelink: null}, 845: {instructions: Place basil, oil, garlic and vinegar in a blender and blend until smooth. Place chicken in a shallow baking dish, add the marinade and turn to coat. Marinate for 2 hours in the refrigerator. Preheat grill. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes on each side or until cooked through.nAssemble: Place 1 sliced chicken breast in the middle of each flat bread. Top with mozzarella, caponata and spinach leaves, roll and serve.nUsing side burners of grill. Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium high heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add eggplant, season with salt and pepper to taste and cook until golden brown. Add celery, tomatoes, olives, capers, pine nuts and raisins and cook for 15 minutes. Stir in vinegar and sugar and cook for 10 minutes longer, season with salt and pepper to taste. Remove from heat and stir in the parsley. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup basil leaves, 12 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 4 boneless chicken breasts, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 spinach flat breads, 4 slices smoked mozzarella, 2 cups spinach leaves, Caponata, recipe follows, 14 cup olive oil, 2 medium eggplants, cut into 12inch dice, 1 large red onion, finely sliced, 2 stalks celery, sliced 12inch thick, 4 plum tomatoes, cut into 12inch dice, 1 cup green olives, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons capers, 2 tablespoons toasted pine nuts, 14 cup raisins, 13 cup red wine vinegar, Pinch of sugar, 14 cup coarsely chopped flat leaf parsley], title: Basil Marinated Chicken Wrap with Caponata, picturelink: null}, 846: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker with ice, add the egg white and shake briefly to aerate the whites. Then add the whiskey, lemon juice and Simple Syrup with ice and shake well. Strain into 4 rocks glasses over 1 large ice cube in each glass, garnish with a cherry and serve immediately.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 pasteurized egg white, 6 ounces whiskey, 6 ounces lemon juice, 4 ounces Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 4 highquality maraschino cherries, such as Luxardo, 1 cup sugar], title: Classic Whiskey Sour, picturelink: Xl.E9stoPOGATcyHp8yL6bqHqfyRSRq}, 847: {instructions: Place sugar in a clean dry saucepan. Pour the water around the wall of the pan to avoid any splashing of sugar crystals onto the sides of the pan. Bring to a boil and continue cooking on high until amber colored. Turn heat off and with a wooden spoon, stir in the butter and then the cream. Pour into an 8 by 8inch pan that has been lined with foil and wellbuttered and let the caramel cool and set until firm. Once firm, cut into squares. Wrap in decorative clear plastic. Store at room temperature., ingredients: [5 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 cup cream, warmed if possible], title: Butter Caramels, picturelink: H2Xt0Sv5qVo6TqHeV4c0yi6qiSb6Iii}, 848: {instructions: Adjust rack in lower third of oven and preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a 10 by 15inch jellyroll pan with aluminum foil, leaving a 2inch overhang at each short end do not grease.nMix the ground nuts with cocoa, spices, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Rest the bowl in a hot water bath hot to the touch, about 120 degrees and whisk until slightly above body temperature 100 degrees. Remove bowl from the water bath and using a heavyduty mixer, whip mixture, preferably with a whisk attachment at medium speed until it is light ivory in color and very fluffy, about 6 minutes. Add the vanilla extract in the final minutes of whipping. Fold in half of the ground pecan mixture until incorporated and then fold in the remaining half. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and spread it evenly. Bake 8 to 11 minutes or until the cake is set on top and springs back when lightly pressed in the center.nRemove pan from the oven, run a knife around the edges to loosen the cake from the sides of the pan. Lift the cake by the foil overhang to remove from pan and transfer to a wire rack to cool. Cover the cake with a sheet of aluminum foil, folding the foil in a tentlike fashion so that it does not stick to the cake but keeps the moisture in while the cake cools. Cool for 30 to 60 minutes.nLift the cake in its foil off the wire rack to the work surface. Allow ice cream to soften. Spread it evenly over the cake with an offset metal spatula all the way to the edges except for one of the long edges of the rectangle, leave about an inch before reaching that edge. Starting with the opposite long edge of the cake, roll the cake off of its foil until it forms the shape of a log. Wrap the roll securely in aluminum foil and freeze. Remove cake from freezer 30 minutes before serving. Remove foil and slice with a serrated knife. Sprinkle with powdered sugar before serving.nnote to uploaders  this recipe has been retired by me because there are some missing steps in the method, the ingredients are out of order, its a recipe from a show that doesnt air anymore. lknnote to uploaders  this recipe has been retired by me because there are some missing steps in the method, the ingredients are out of order, its a recipe from a show that doesnt air anymore. lk., ingredients: [4 ounces pecans, finely ground to yield 1 34 cups, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon powdered instant espresso, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon allspice, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 teaspoon cardamom, 14 teaspoon finely ground pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon powdered cloves, 6 large eggs, 34 cups granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 pints ice cream, preferably vanilla, eggnog, pumpkin, or rum raisin, 13 cups unsifted powdered sugar], title: Spicy Pecan Roll with Eggnog Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 849: {instructions: Special Equipment: 4 6 to 8ounce individual serving dishesnMelt the chocolate over a double boiler setup.nWhile the chocolate is melting, in a large mixing bowl, combine the egg yolks and sugar and beat, with a handheld mixer, until very pale and thick and have doubled in size. Whisk in the coffee liqueur. When the chocolate has melted, whisk it into the egg yolk mixture.nIn a medium bowl, whip the heavy cream to medium peaks. Using 13 of the whipped cream at a time, fold the cream into the chocolate mixture. Repeat this process until all the cream is incorporated. Transfer the mousse to individual serving dishes and chill for at least 1 hour.nGarnish with fruit, nuts, cookies or whipped cream.nChocolaty delicious, ingredients: [6 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 egg yolks, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur, 1 12 cups heavy cream, Fruit, nuts, cookies or whipped cream, for serving, optional], title: Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: OQ7KHqsHL8Y0.zARDiau5wNmbn29GHq}, 850: {instructions: Put the ricotta in a finemesh sieve set over a bowl. Refrigerate 30 minutes to drain.nTransfer the ricotta to a large bowl. Add the cream cheese, confectioners sugar, vanilla and almond extracts, and the orange zest and beat with a mixer until smooth and fluffy, about 1 minute. Fold in 3 tablespoons chopped chocolate. Cover and refrigerate until thick and cold, at least 1 hour.nTransfer the ricotta mixture to a resealable plastic bag. Snip off one corner and pipe the mixture into the cones. Gently press the remaining chocolate and the pistachios into the ricotta mixture. Dust the cones with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Lisa Shin, ingredients: [1 14 cups ricotta cheese, 14 cup cream cheese, at room temperature, 13 cup confectioners sugar, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 13 cup finely chopped bittersweet or semisweet chocolate about 2 ounces, 6 sugar cones, 2 tablespoons finely chopped pistachios], title: Coneoli, picturelink: dQB2wPYjtx76lKMrC0s5skgsCWKCwhu}, 851: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCooks Note: Michaels favorite mix of meats for this burger is chuck, sirloin, and brisketnBuild a mediumhot fire in your grill or preheat a stovetop grill pan.nCook the bacon in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, turning once, until crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove the bacon to paper towels to drain. Reserve the bacon fat in the pan.nForm the ground beef into 4 patties, each about 3 12 inches in diameter. Season the patties with salt and cracked black pepper, to taste. Put the burgers on the grill or in the grill pan and cook for 3 minutes. Flip and top each burger with a slice of cheese. Grill for 3 minutes for medium rare. Remove them to a plate. Add the English muffins to the grill or grill pan and toast for 1 minute.nCook the eggs sunny side up in the bacon fat while the burgers rest.nBuild the burgers by sandwiching them between the muffin halves along with pickle slices, red onion, bacon, an egg, and some spicy ketchup.nPack the onions in 2 1quart jars and cover with enough water to come within 12inch of the rim. Pour the water out into a measuring cup. Note the volume, pour off half the water, and replace it with vinegar. Add 2 tablespoons sugar and 2 tablespoons salt for every 3 cups of liquid.nPour the vinegar mixture into a nonreactive saucepan, add the mustard seeds, red pepper flakes, coriander seeds, black peppercorns, garlic, and bay leaves, and bring to a boil over high heat. Allow the liquid to boil for 2 minutes, and then remove it from the heat.nPour the hot liquid into the jars to cover the onions and screw on the lids. Refrigerate for up to 1 month.nIn a nonreactive 2quart saucepan over medium heat add the olive oil. Add the onion, garlic, and a large pinch of salt. Saute until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the Fresno chiles, ancho chile, and red pepper flakes. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the brown sugar, cumin, cinnamon, tomato paste, and vinegar and simmer for 10 minutes. Stir in 3 cups of water, bring to a gentle simmer, and cook over low heat for 2 hours.nRemove the ketchup from the heat and let cool for 15 minutes. Discard the cinnamon stick. Puree the mixture in a blender and strain through a sieve, pushing down on the any solids. Let cool and pour into a storage container. Cover the container and refrigerate for up to 1 month., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, 24 ounces ground beef, 75 percent lean, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 4 thin slices Cheddar, 4 English muffins, split, 4 large eggs, 1 dill pickle, thinly sliced, 12 cup Pickled Red Onions, recipe follows, 4 teaspoons Spicy Ketchup, recipe follows, 2 pounds red onions, sliced, White wine vinegar, Sugar, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 4 garlic cloves, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small yellow onion, minced, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, Kosher salt, 5 Fresno chiles, seeded and minced, 1 ancho chile, seeded and minced, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 3 cups water], title: The Lola Burger, picturelink: uO84fnGX0GlwiEQWrEiql.OKTpyT3y}, 852: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In the large bowl, cream the butter with the sugar using an electric mixer. Add the egg and ground nuts. In another bowl, mix the flour with the baking powder, soda, cardamom, cinnamon, cloves, allspice and nutmeg. Blend the dry ingredients into the creamed mixture until a stiff dough forms. Shape the dough into a ball. At this point, you can wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate it to develop the flavor, for up to a week. Cut off a portion of the dough at a time and roll between your hands and a lightly floured work surface to make slim, ropes about 12inch thick. Place 4 or 5 ropes on an ungreased cookie sheet. Cut ropes into 12inch pieces using a sharp, small knife. Separate the pieces. Bake for 8 minutes or until the cookies are lightly browned and dry. Remove from the oven cool on the baking sheet., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup light or dark brown sugar, packed, 1 large egg, 1 cup ground toasted filberts or almonds, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon freshly ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg], title: Peppernuts, picturelink: null}, 853: {instructions: Heat a large, deep skillet over medium heat. Add extravirgin olive oil and garlic to the pan. When garlic speaks by sizzling in oil, add tuna and mash into oil with the back of a wooden spoon. Let the tuna sit in the oil 5 to 10 minutes to infuse the fish flavor into the extravirgin olive oil and to give the tuna time to break down  it will almost melt into the extravirgin olive oil. Raise the flame a bit and add the coarsely chopped tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Heat the tomatoes through, 2 minutes, then add hot, drained pasta that has been cooked to al dente. Add parsley to the tuna and pasta and toss to combine well and evenly coat pasta. Adjust seasonings. Top pasta with shredded basil and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan in a slow stream, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 6ounce cans Italian tuna in olive oil, drained, 12 pint small cherry or grape tomatoes, coarsely chopped, Coarse salt and black pepper, 1 pound gemelli pasta  short braids of pasta or other shortcut pastas can be substituted, such as penne rigate, cooked to al dente in salted water, 13 cup flatleaf parsley, chopped, about 3 handfuls, 20 leaves fresh basil leaves, shredded], title: Gemelli with Tuna and Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: UaTKRVWXwCt231V.dpTQCXK4CF2osK}, 854: {instructions: Place flour, eggs and bread crumbs in 3 separate shallow plates. Season veal with salt and pepper. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees. Dredge veal in flour and shake off excess. Then dip floured veal in eggs and then in bread crumbs set crumbed mixture on a rack for coating to set. In a large skillet heat 14inch deep vegetable oil. When hot, add the veal without crowding in a batch and cook for 3 minutes a side. With a slotted spatula transfer the veal to a baking sheet. Set first batch in oven to keep warm. Repeat with a second or third batch until all the veal is done. Keep the veal warm in the low oven while you eat your first course. When ready to eat, center greens on a dinner plate. Cut veal into strips on the diagonal and pile in the center. Garnish with tomato salsa., ingredients: [14 cup flour, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 cup bread crumbs, 1 14 pounds veal scallops, preferably cut from the top round and pounded thin between Sheets of plastic wrap, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil for sauteing], title: Wiener Schnitzel Over Greens, picturelink: null}, 855: {instructions: Cut the lobster meat in a large dice and add it to the warm Beurre Blanc. Gently swirl the pan to cover the lobster meat with the sauce. Add the chives.nSpread the softened butter on both sides of each roll and toast in a saute pan over mediumlow heat. Slice each roll through the center without cutting all the way through, and fill each roll with lobster meat. Spoon a tablespoon or 2 of Beurre Blanc over the lobster meat and garnish with celery leaves. Serve warm.nPlace the vinegar, shallots, bay leaf and crushed peppercorns in a saute pan and simmer until reduced to 1 to 2 tablespoons liquid. Add the cream and slowly add the cold butter, cube by cube, whisking constantly as each cube melts. Add the salt and lemon juice. Strain and press the Beurre Blanc through a fine sieve into another saute pan and add the celery., ingredients: [One 1pound lobster, cooked, Beurre Blanc, warmed, recipe follows, 2 pinches chopped chives, Softened unsalted butter, 4 splittop hot dog rolls or 4 thick slices brioche, Celery leaves, for garnish, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup diced shallots 2 shallots, 1 small bay leaf, 12 teaspoon crushed black peppercorns, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted cold butter, cubed, Pinch kosher salt, 1 12 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup finely chopped celery], title: Lobster Roll, picturelink: XgCTGdvMhl3jIU5hQcOASmgHYDEzYIS}, 856: {instructions: Melt butter in a large pot. Sweat the garlic and shallots in the butter for 20 minutes, until translucent. Add mushrooms and sweat until mushrooms are soft.nDeglaze pot with white port, and cook until reduced by half. Add the water cover. Bring to a boil, then remove from the heat and allow to steep for 20 minutes. Add salt and pepper to taste.nTo serve, ladle bouillon into a soup bowl, and top with chives. Finish by floating several dashes of sherry on the surface of the bouillon., ingredients: [1 pound mixed wild mushrooms, such as chanterelles, cepes, black trumpets, 2 shallots, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup white port, 2 quarts water, Salt and pepper to taste, Chives, finely chopped, Several dashes Osborne aged oloroso sherry], title: Bouillon of Forest Mushrooms with Oloroso Sherry, picturelink: null}, 857: {instructions: Cover the chops with waxed paper or plastic and whack each chop with the heel of your palm to flatten it out. Season chops with salt and pepper on both sides. Combine cumin, coriander and paprika and sprinkle the mixture evenly over chops. Pat the spices in place and wash up. Let chops stand 15 minutes.nHeat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan. Add peppers and onions. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper and cook together 5 minutes, then add grape tomatoes and continue to cook until skins begin to burst on tomatoes. Add half the flatleaf parsley to the skillet and toss. Transfer vegetables to a platter and cover with loose foil to hold heat.nPlace a tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil in a small pot for couscous, just eyeball the amount. Heat oil over medium heat and add garlic. Saute garlic 1 minute then add the pine nuts to toast a little. Add chicken stock to the pot and bring it up to a boil. Add couscous, remove from heat, and cover the pot. Let stand for 5 minutes.nReturn skillet to stove and add another tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan. Add lamb chops to skillet and sear 2 to 3 minutes on each side for medium rare, cook 4 minutes on each side for medium well chops. Place chops on top of the peppers and onions.nFluff couscous with a fork and stir in mint and the remaining parsley. Pass couscous at the table. It makes a nice bed for the veggies and lamb to catch all the juices., ingredients: [8 loin lamb chops, Coarse salt and coarse black pepper, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 13 palm full, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 13 palm full, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika, 13 palm full, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 2 green bell peppers, seeded and cubed, 1inch pieces, 1 large yellow skinned onion, cubed, 1inch pieces, 1 cup grape tomatoes, 12 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, a couple of handfuls, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 12 cups couscous, 5 or 6 sprigs fresh mint, finely chopped, about 3 tablespoons], title: Spiced Lamb Chops on Sauteed Peppers and Onions with Garlic and Mint Couscous, picturelink: 1aYeOwDgaRqO6uh8yDPkasBqwETdsFi}, 858: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, toss the oats with the canola oil, melted butter and salt. Spread the mixture out on 2 baking sheets and toast in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes, shaking the pan twice and making sure they dont burn. Remove from the oven and set aside. Reduce the heat to 325 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the brown sugar, honey, apple juice and molasses. Heat the mixture slowly, stirring until all combined. Stir in the vanilla and remove from the heat.nToss together the toasted oats, rice cereal, wheat germ, pecans and almonds. Pour in the sugar mixture, stirring as you pour. Toss to combine it will be sticky.nPress into 1 baking sheet thoroughly greased with butter and bake until golden, about 25 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool. Cut pieces with a sharp knife and remove from the pan. You can cut them while theyre still warm if thats easier.nDip the cooled granola bars straight into the melted chocolate so that the top is plain and the bottom is chocolatecovered. Set on parchment until set, sticking in the fridge to hasten this along if necessary., ingredients: [6 cups rolled oats not quick oats, 14 cup canola oil, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, plus more for greasing, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup brown sugar, 12 cup honey, 14 cup apple juice, 14 cup molasses, 3 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups rice cereal, 1 cup wheat germ, 12 cup finely chopped pecans, 14 cup roughly chopped almonds, 8 ounces milk chocolate, melted], title: Granola Bars, picturelink: jqEmHCyMKnW.Mm3kxNHCEaY66xjTe}, 859: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and butter and flour a large baking sheet.nIn a bowl whisk together flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt. In another bowl with an electric mixer beat together butter and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs and beat until combined well. Stir in flour mixture to form a stiff dough. Stir in hazelnuts and chocolate chips.nOn prepared baking sheet with floured hands from dough into two slightly flattened logs, each 12 inches long and 2 inches wide, and sprinkle with confectioners sugar. Bake logs 35 minutes, or until slightly firm to the touch. Cool biscotti on baking sheet 5 minutes.nOn a cutting board cut biscotti diagonally into 34inch slices. Arrange biscotti, cut sides down, on baking sheet and bake until crisp, about 10 minutes. Cool biscotti on a rack Biscotti keep in airtight containers 1 week and , frozen, 1 month., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 stick 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 cup blanched hazelnuts, coarsely chopped, 34 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar], title: Chocolate Hazelnut Biscotti, picturelink: null}, 860: {instructions: For the chocolate cake batter:nPreheat the oven at 350 degrees F. Butter 2 9inch round by 2inch deep cake pans, and line the bottom with a round of parchment paper.nBeat the 12 egg yolks with the sugar until thick and pale, about 3 minutes using a hand or stand mixer. Sift and fold in the cocoa using a spatula.nBeat the egg whites until firm peaks form. Slowly add the egg whites to the chocolate mixture in 3 increments.nDivide the batter evenly between the pans lined with parchment paper and bake in the middle of the oven for 20 minutes, or until it springs back with the touch of your fingers. Let cool slightly and unmold. Cool completely.nFor the raspberry filling:nIn a small saucepan, melt the raspberry jam, transfer to a bowl and add the fresh raspberries. Stir delicately to coat the raspberries with the jam. Keep aside.nFor the chocolate mousse:nIn a saucepan, bring the cream to a boil and remove from heat. Pour the hot cream on the chopped chocolate and let stand for 2 minutes. Whisk the ganache until smooth. Add the butter and let cool at room temperature for about 30 minutes.nBeat the 5 egg whites to soft peaks. Add the sugar and continue beating until firm peaks form. Slowly add the meringue in 3 increments to the chocolate ganache. Keep the mixture in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nTo assemble the cake:nRemove the parchment paper from the cake and invert one layer onto a plate. Spread half of the chocolate mousse and garnish with the reserved raspberry mixture. Place the second cake layer on top. Spread the remaining mousse and garnish with fresh raspberries. Top with chocolate shavings and sprinkle with powdered sugar., ingredients: [12 eggs, separated, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup cocoa, sifted, 1 cup raspberry jam, 4 cups fresh raspberries, some reserved for garnish, 2 cups 35percent whipping cream, 1 12 cups chopped dark chocolate, 14 cup soft butter, 5 egg whites, 14 cup sugar, Chocolate shavings, for garnish, Powdered confectioners sugar, for garnish], title: Chocolate Raspberry Cake, picturelink: null}, 861: {instructions: Position wire racks on 2 rimmed baking sheets. Lay 1 pound bacon in a single layer on the racks and bake 7 minutes at 375 degrees F. Brush with maple syrup and continue baking until caramelized, about 25 minutes, flipping, brushing with syrup and seasoning with pepper every 5 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the racks.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: MaplePepper Bacon, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 862: {instructions: Put the flour on a plate and season with a healthy amount of salt and pepper mix with a fork to combine evenly. Dredge the shrimp in the seasoned flour to coat all sides.nHeat the butter and oil in a heavy bottomed pan over medium heat until butter stops foaming and just starts to turn a light brown. Add the shrimp, and give it a toss, saute for 5 minutes until the shrimp is firm and there is a crispy coating on the outside. Remove the shrimp to a side plate and cover to keep warm.nPut the pan back on the heat and add the garlic and shallots. Cook and stir for 1 minute until soft. Add the lemon juice and chicken broth, give it a stir and let it cook down for 1 minute to thicken slightly. Put the shrimp back in the pan and coat in the lemon sauce. Season with salt and pepper and garnish with chopped parsley before serving., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 cup chicken broth, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Sauteed Shrimp, picturelink: llB1VSatcYGDtuYcwYrSLHhgutmjgn6}, 863: {instructions: Combine the tuna, capers, celery, walnuts, olive oil, vinegar, olives, parsley and lemon juice in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Top the crackers with the tuna mixture and serve.nFrom Food Network Kitchen: This recipe has been updated and may differ from what was originally published or broadcasted., ingredients: [4 ounces premium tuna, such as Ortiz, drained, 2 tablespoons chopped capers, 2 tablespoons very finely diced celery, 2 tablespoons chopped toasted walnuts, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon finely minced nicoise olives, 1 teaspoon finely minced fresh parsley, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 butter crackers, such as Ritz], title: Albacore Tuna with Celery and Walnuts, picturelink: qnQ4YZ1zT6rklrRM6HWCimLMcOy.ame}, 864: {instructions: Fill a 6quart pot 23 full of water add the crab boil and mix until blended. Cut the potatoes in half and slice into 38inch thick pieces. This can be done ahead of time cover the potatoes with ice water until ready to cook. Add the potatoes to the pot. Bring water to a boil and cook the potatoes until forktender.nWhile the potatoes are cooking: in a medium saute pan on medium heat, cook bacon until crispy remove and drain on a paper towel. Add red onion to bacon grease cook until caramelized. Just before onions are done, add garlic and cook until lightly brown.nIn a bowl, place butter, 12 the cheese, 12 the bacon bits, 12 the green onions, the cooked red onions and garlic, cayenne, paprika, salt, pepper, and sour cream mix together thoroughly.nStrain potatoes and add to bowl let stand for a few minutes or until cheese starts to melt. Fold ingredients together, trying not to break up the potatoes excessively. Top with remaining cheese, bacon, and green onions.nCheck seasonings and adjust to taste., ingredients: [1 package dry form crab boil recommended: Zatarains, 3 pounds red potatoes, 1 pound thickcut bacon, diced, 1 cup diced red onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 pound butter, at room temperature, 14 pound finely shredded Cheddar, 1 green onion, chopped, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon paprika, Salt and pepper, 34 cup sour cream], title: Goody Girl Championship Potatoes, picturelink: PQsc4EWiy9ZVD8hUsSls25iPEkwaGh6}, 865: {instructions: Bring the water to a boil in a pot large enough to hold the lobsters.nRinse the lobsters under cold water and quickly slide them into the boiling water. Cover the pot and simmer gently until the lobsters turn completely red, in about 6 minutes.nDrain in a colander and serve immediately with melted butter or extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [4 1 12pound or larger live lobsters, 2 gallons water], title: Boiled Lobster, picturelink: null}, 866: {instructions: In a tall glass, muddle together the sugar, mint and lime. Pour in the rum and stir to combine. Strain into 2 glasses filled with ice. Top each with some beer and serve., ingredients: [2 teaspoons sugar, 8 to 10 fresh mint leaves, 12 lime, cut into wedges, 3 ounces white rum, One 12ounce bottle of your favorite India Pale Ale], title: Beer Mojito, picturelink: null}, 867: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCream the cheese and butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until light. Add 14 cup granulated sugar, the salt, and vanilla. With the mixer on low speed, add the flour and mix until just combined. Dump the dough out onto a wellfloured board and roll it into a ball. Cut the ball in quarters, wrap each piece in plastic, and refrigerate for 1 hour.nTo make the filling, combine 6 tablespoons of granulated sugar, the brown sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, the raisins, and walnuts.nOn a wellfloured board, roll each ball of dough into a 9inch circle. Spread the dough with 2 tablespoons apricot preserves and sprinkle with 12 cup of the filling. Press the filling lightly into the dough. Cut the circle into 12 equal wedgesu2014cutting the whole circle in quarters, then each quarter into thirds. Starting with the wide edge, roll up each wedge. Place the cookies, points tucked under, on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Chill for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush each cookie with the egg wash. Combine 3 tablespoons granulated sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon and sprinkle on the cookies. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until lightly browned. Remove to a wire rack and let cool., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup granulated sugar plus 9 tablespoons, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 34 cup raisins, 1 cup walnuts, finely chopped, 12 cup apricot preserves, pureed in a food processor, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon milk, for egg wash], title: Rugelach, picturelink: ADw0RaQ8ERnzhe.eJSA8oBofqrFJnVa}, 868: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the bread in the bowl of a food processor and process until fine crumbs are formed, about 25 to 30 seconds. Put the crumbs on a baking sheet and bake for 12 minutes, until golden. You will wind up with about 1 13 cups toasted crumbs.nIn a medium bowl, toss the crumbs with oregano, garlic powder, paprika, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. In another bowl, whisk the egg whites and milk together. In a third bowl stir together the flour, and the remaining 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper. Dip each piece of chicken, 1 piece at a time, in flour, shaking off excess, then egg, then bread crumbs, shaking off excess.nIncrease oven temperature to 400 degrees. Place breaded breasts in a glass baking dish and spray on each side with cooking spray, about 5 seconds total per side. Bake breasts until cooked though and crumbs are browned, about 15 minutes. Top with marinara sauce, mozzarella and parmesan and return to oven for an additional 10 minutes, until cheese is bubbling.nExcellent source of: Protein, Vitamin A, Riboflavin, Niacin, Vitamin B6, Vitamin C, Calcium, Iron, Phosphorus, SeleniumnGood source of: Thiamin, Vitamin B12, Pantothenic Acid, Iodine, Magnesium, Manganese, Potassium, Zinc, ingredients: [4 slices wholewheat bread 1ounce each, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 4 teaspoons paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 2 egg whites, 12 cup skim milk, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 6 ounce skinless boneless chicken breast halves, pounded to 12inch thickness, Olive oil cooking spray, 1 jar goodquality marinara sauce about 3 12 cups, 34 cup 3 ounces shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, 2 tablespoons 12ounce shredded Parmesan], title: Chicken Parmesan, picturelink: sVNCu.Va7Q7kA4u2jKrRlB7Vduf389S}, 869: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Butter 8 cup souffle dish. Bring milk to boil in heavy large saucepan. Reduce heat to medium. Gradually mix in cornmeal and salt. Stir until mixture becomes very thick, about 1 minute. Add butter stir until melted. Remove pan from heat. Stir in 12 cup sugar and buttermilk. Whisk yolks in large bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in cornmeal mixture. Using electric mixer, beat egg whites in medium bowl until frothy. Add remaining 14 cup sugar and beat until soft peaks form. Gently fold whites into cornmeal mixture.nTransfer mixture to prepared dish. Bake until mixture puffs and is golden brown. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve hot., ingredients: [3 cups whole milk do not use low fat or nonfat, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup butter, cut into pieces, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup buttermilk, 6 large eggs, separated, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Powdered sugar], title: Sweet Cornmeal Pudding, picturelink: null}, 870: {instructions: Butter a 12 by 14inch baking dish and set aside.nIn a large pot, bring the stock and milk to a boil. While whisking, slowly add the cornmeal and continue to whisk until thick, about 15 minutes. Stir in the red peppers and the blue cheese, if using. Pour the mixture into the baking dish and cool completely in refrigerator. When the polenta has cooled, cut into squares. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a saute pan. Place the polenta squares in the pan and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes on each side. In another saute pan, heat the remaining olive oil and add tomatoes and garlic and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Whisk in the wine and butter and reduce until sauce has thickened and then add the basil and thyme. Transfer the polenta to a platter and pour the tomato sauce over the squares., ingredients: [4 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 2 cups 2 percent milk, 2 cups cornmeal, 14 cup diced roasted red peppers, optional, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, optional, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tomatoes, diced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup butter, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, 12 bunch fresh thyme leaves], title: Fried Polenta with Tomato Basil Sauce, picturelink: Da5Ecltik5ecCZ6Gc3Fw3h1n06u1xqq}, 871: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the shredded green cabbage, purple cabbage, sweet peppers and carrots in a bowl. In a separate bowl, mix the mayonnaise, milk, sugar, vinegar, salt and hot sauce. Pour over the cabbage. Toss to combine. Add the cilantro at the very end. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours., ingredients: [12 head green cabbage, sliced thin, 12 head purple cabbage, sliced thin, 3 mini sweet peppers in two different colors, thinly sliced, 2 whole carrots shredded, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 14 teaspoon salt, Couple dashes hot sauce, 2 cups fresh cilantro leaves], title: Colorful Coleslaw, picturelink: pkNtENpEwnlk2lZFDRe9u6zusdWBuYm}, 872: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line two cookie sheets with parchment paper.nAdd the coconut palm sugar, cashews, agave nectar, cacao powder, coconut oil, vanilla powder, cinnamon and cayenne pepper to a highspeed blender. Blend until the mixture is smooth. In a large mixing bowl, pour the chocolate sauce mixture over the kale leaves. Using your hands, massage the chocolate mixture into the kale leaves until each one is evenly coated. Fold in the coconut flakes and hemp seeds.nTransfer the coated kale to the cookie sheets and bake about 20 minutes. Remove the cookie sheet, flip the kale leaves and bake for another 5 to 10 minutes. Watch them very closely, as they may burn quickly if left in the oven a few moments too long. Remove the kale chips from the oven when crispy. Allow to cool a bit, then serve., ingredients: [34 cup coconut palm sugar, 12 cup cashews, preferably soaked in water for 1 to 2 hours, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons agave nectar, 13 cup cacao powder, 2 tablespoons coconut oil, 1 teaspoon ground vanilla powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 large bunch of curly kale, washed, stemmed and torn into palmsize pieces, 14 cup extrafine shredded coconut flakes, 1 teaspoon hemp seeds], title: Chocolate Kale Chips, picturelink: null}, 873: {instructions: Bring the stock to a boil in a large saucepan, stir in the rice, cover, reduce the heat and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes, until the rice is tender.nIn a large bowl, combine the yogurt, flour and egg yolks, mixing with a wooden spoon until smooth. Add the cold water in a thin stream while stirring constantly. Stir yogurt mixture into the hot soup, season with salt and pepper, cover and gently simmer for 10 minutes.nHeat butter in a small saucepan until foamy. Add the dried mint and leave on low heat for 1 minute. Pour warm butter mixture over the soup, and serve immediately. If soup is to be reheated later for another serving, thin it with water., ingredients: [6 cups chicken, lamb or beef stock, 23 cup rice, 3 cups plain yogurt, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 egg yolks, 2 cups cold water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons dried mint leaves], title: Yogurt Soup, picturelink: null}, 874: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine parsley, onion, chili powder, chives, cumin, and salt. Package in decorative jar or cellophane bag.nIn a medium bowl, combine dip mix, sour cream, and mayonnaise stir until smooth. Refrigerate at least 2 hours for flavors to blend. Serve with chips or fresh vegetables., ingredients: [12 cup dried parsley flakes, 13 cup dried minced onion, 13 cup chili powder, 14 cup dried chives, 14 cup ground cumin, 2 teaspoons salt, 3 tablespoons Southwestern Dip Mix, 1 cup sour cream, 1 cup mayonnaise], title: Southwestern Dip, picturelink: fL7UgjOfZPYLGWh1G5XVuNuAf4dBIBi}, 875: {instructions: Special equipment: Standard 12 12 cup muffin tinnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the muffin tin with cupcake liners.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, and salt together in a medium bowl.nIn another medium bowl, beat the eggs and sugar with an electric mixer until light and foamy, about 2 minutes. While beating, gradually pour in the butter and then the vanilla.nWhile mixing slowly, add half the dry ingredients, then add all the milk, and follow with the rest of the dry ingredients. Take care not to over mix the batter. Divide the batter evenly in the prepared tin about 13 cup batter per cup cake.nBake until a tester inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool cupcakes on a rack in the tin for 10 minutes, then remove. Cool on the rack completely.nFor Meringue: Bring a few inches of water to a boil in a saucepan that can hold a mixers bowl above the water. Whisk the egg whites, sugar, lemon juice and zest, cream of tarter and salt in the bowl by hand. Set the bowl above the boiling water and continue whisking until the mixture is hot to the touch and the sugar dissolves, about 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a standing mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat at mediumhigh speed until meringue is cool and holds a soft peak, about 5 minutes. Add a few drops of desired food coloring and continue beating until it holds stiff peaks.nTo decorate: Using a spoon, offset spatula or piping bag, dollop, spread or pipe meringue on top of each cupcake. Use the back of a spoon to create peaks and valleys in the cupcake as desired., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, room temperature, 23 cup sugar, 34 cup unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup milk, 4 large egg whites, 23 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Pinch cream of tartar, Pinch fine salt, 1 to 2 drops pastel food coloring], title: Classic Cupcakes with Lemon Meringue Frosting, picturelink: 9QfYbNcFja0RtA6m6e7kpeqcpREZ4.}, 876: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Cream the butter with the sugar using a handheld mixer. Mix in the rosemary, salt, and flour, 14 cup at a time. Sprinkle in the chocolate chips, and stir by hand until welldistributed. Gather the dough into a ball. If the dough begins to soften or feel greasy, chill the dough for 15 minutes.nRoll the dough out into a rectangle of 12inch thickness and cut into rectangles about 12inch by 2inches. Place the dough pieces on a cold ungreased baking sheet. Prick the tops with a fork. Bake the shortbread until the dough starts to turn a golden color, about 25 minutes. Remove the shortbread from the baking sheet and let cool completely on a rack., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter 1 stick, softened to room temperature, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon dried rosemary, crushed, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup mini chocolate chips], title: Rosemary Chocolate Chip Shortbread, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 877: {instructions: The mushroom filling: In a medium skillet, heat the 2 tablespoons oil or lard over medium heat. Add the mushrooms, chiles, and epazote if youre using cilantro, set it aside to add later, stir well, and cover. Continue to stir every minute or so, replacing the cover each time, until the mushrooms have released a lot of juice, 4 to 5 minutes. Uncover, and let briskly simmer until all the liquid has evaporated, about 3 minutes. Taste and season with salt, usually about 14 teaspoon. Add the cilantro now, if thats what youre using.nForming and griddlebaking the quesadillas: Heat a wellseasoned or nonstick griddle or heavy skillet over medium heat. Turn the oven on to its lowest setting. One by one, make the quesadillas: Lightly brush 1 side of each tortilla with oil, then lay it oiled side down on the hot griddle. Spread with about 14 cup of the cheese, leaving a 12inch border all around. Spoon about 3 tablespoons of the mushroom mixture down the center of the cheesecovered tortilla. When the cheese begins to melt but before the tortilla begins to crisp, fold the tortilla in half along the line of the filling. Cook, flipping the quesadilla every minute or so, until the cheese is completely melted and the tortilla crisps, about 5 minutes in all. As each quesadilla is done, transfer it to a baking sheet and keep in a warm oven.nServing the quesadillas. When all the quesadillas are done, set them out in a clothlined basket. Pass the salsa separately for each guest to spoon on., ingredients: [8 6inch fresh corn tortillas or flour tortillas if good corn tortillas are not available, 8 ounces Mexican melting cheese quesillo, asader, or the like or Monterey Jack or mild Cheddar, shredded about 2 cups, About 1 cup salsa, store bought or home made, 2 tablespoons olive oil preferably extravirgin or richtasting pork lard, plus a little more for the tortillas, 1 pound button mushrooms or other flavorful mushrooms, such as shiitake, oyster, cremim, or chanterelles, cleaned and sliced 14in8h thick about 4 cups, 2 to 3 serranos or 1 to 2 jalapenos, stemmed, seeded and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh epazote leaves or 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt], title: Cheese and Mushroom Quesadillas: Quesadillas de Queso y Hongos, picturelink: null}, 878: {instructions: Heat oven to 350u00b0F. In 10inch skillet cook bacon on mediumhigh heat until crisp. Drain grease crumble bacon. In medium bowl combine Simply Potatoes, cream cheese, bacon and salt stir to mix well. Spoon about 23 cup Simply Potatoes mixture into 6 1 cup glass custard cups or ramekins. Top each with 1 tablespoon cheese. Sprinkle lightly with paprika. Bake 15 to 20 minutes or until heated through. Garnish each with chopped fresh chives., ingredients: [2 strips bacon, 1 package Simply Potatoesu00ae Country Style Mashed Potatoes, 12 cup chive and onion soft cream cheese, 34 tsp Salt, 13 cup Crystal Farmsu00ae Shredded Cheddar Cheese, Paprika, Chopped fresh chives], title: Easy Mock TwiceBaked Potatoes, picturelink: ymG8UcgiOqU9DOXlXtD8g4TwVOGsx3C}, 879: {instructions: Grind 12 teaspoon each caraway and coriander seeds in a spice grinder. Whisk 2 egg whites to soft peaks fold in the spices, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 6 chopped dried arbol chiles, 13 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon orange zest, 3 cups mixed nuts and 3 tablespoons diced butter. Spread on a baking sheet bake at 325 degrees F, stirring occasionally, 45 to 50 minutes. Let cool. Crumble the chiles for extra heat.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [], title: SweetandSpicy Nuts, picturelink: SecMdZTSAKYfAkdbs1GDQ0X9s9AsJu}, 880: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nToast pine nuts in a small pan over medium heat until golden. Place spinach, arugula, garlic, cheese, 2 pinches salt, a few grinds black pepper, nutmeg, and toasted nuts in a food processor. Pulse grind the filling into a paste. Taste and adjust seasonings. Remove 12 cup of filling paste to a bowl and stir in extravirgin olive oil to loosen it. Reserve remaining filling in processor bowl.nPlace steaks between layers of waxed paper several inches apart. Pound steaks with a heavy bottomed pan to 12 their thickness. Season each steak with salt and pepper on both sides. Cover each steak with a thin layer of filling and top with roasted red peppers. Roll steaks tightly and cut each steak in 12 across. Secure pinwheels with a carefully placed skewer and set 6 pinwheels on a baking sheet. Drizzle with extravirgin oil and roast 12 to 15 minutes. Remove skewers and transfer pinwheels to dinner plates. Top each with a generous portion of reserved sauce made from filling and extravirgin olive oil, combined., ingredients: [1 3ounce jar pine nuts, 13 cup, 2 cups fresh baby spinach leaves, 1 cup arugula leaves, 2 cloves cracked garlic, 34 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 4 handfuls, Salt and pepper, 18 to 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 3 thin cut 34inch New York strip steaks, Coarse salt and black pepper, 1 tall jar, 18 to 20 ounces, roasted red peppers, well drained, about 3 peppers, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Metal skewers], title: Pinwheel Steaks, picturelink: Qqiy754QcF4yCs6B.RQelWww8VmEBm}, 881: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the quinoa, 1 teaspoon salt and 2 cups water in a small sauce pot. Bring the water to a boil, cover the pot and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook until the water is all absorbed, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer the cooked quinoa to a large bowl and set aside to cool.nHeat the olive oil in a large saute pan, add the garlic and onions and cook over medium heat until tender and lightly browned. Stir in the coriander, cumin and a pinch of salt cook 1 minute more. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.nCombine the cooled onion mixture, cilantro, parsley and sundried tomatoes in a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Do not puree. Add the black beans and pulse again. Add the mixture to the bowl with the cooked quinoa and mix well.nLine a baking sheet with foil and lightly oil it. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nForm small golfballs from the mixture, then flatten into patties and place them on the prepared baking sheet. When all of the patties are on the tray, drizzle with additional olive oil, then roast until lightly browned on the edges, about 12 minutes. Serve with the suggested toppings., ingredients: [1 cup quinoa, well rinsed, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for oiling and drizzling, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 cups chopped yellow onion, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 12 cup sundried tomatoes, cut into pieces, One 15ounce can black beans, drained, Suggested toppings: arugula, avocado, chopped cilantro, mayonnaise], title: Black Bean and Quinoa Falafel, picturelink: aSGH52Zedv0L7LD7UQGxXCLAn5YfnrW}, 882: {instructions: Blood Orange Granita, for serving, recipe followsnFor the blood orange rub: Place chicken pieces in a large dish and add the garlic powder, pepper, ground fennel, olive oil and blood orange zest. Coat the chicken with the rub and place in the fridge for 30 minutes.nFor the crispy chicken fingers: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Fill a large pot onethird full with the vegetable oil and heat to 350 degrees F. Line a baking tray with a cooling rack.nPlace the flour, whisked eggs and panko into individual dishes. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Dredge the chicken in the flour, followed by the eggs and then the panko breadcrumbs. Place the breaded chicken on the prepared baking tray. In batches, place the chicken strips in the oil and fry until crispy and golden. Place on a baking tray and keep warm in the oven. Repeat the process with the remaining chicken.nFor the sweet and sour blood orange sauce: Heat the olive oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Add the red onions and sweat until tender and translucent. Mix the honey, red wine vinegar and 12 cup water in a bowl. Add to the saute pan and stir. Add the blood orange zest, blood orange pieces and cinnamon stick. Season with salt and pepper, stir and cook until the mixture has reduced by half.nStrain the mixture through a sieve into a new pot over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and then remove from the heat. Continue to cook for 3 to 5 minutes. Place the pot back over medium heat, add the cornstarch mixture and bring to a simmer to cook the cornstarch out, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the basil.nFor the blood orange watercress salad: Segment the blood oranges over a sieve and bowl to ensure all the juices are reserved set the segments aside. Place the olive oil, red wine vinegar and shallots in the blood orange juice. Season with salt and pepper and stir. Place the watercress and iceberg lettuce on a serving plate. Spoon the blood orange dressing over the greens. Garnish with the blood orange segments and crushed rice crackers.nServe the salad alongside the crispy chicken fingers with the sweet and sour blood orange dipping sauce., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts 6 ounces each, cut into strips, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 12 tablespoon ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, ground in a mortar and pestle, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, Zest of 1 blood orange, chopped, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, 2 eggs, whisked, 2 12 cups panko breadcrumbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 red onion, diced, 1 cup honey, 12 cup red wine vinegar, Zest of 2 blood oranges, 4 blood oranges, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with 2 tablespoons cold water, 8 fresh basil leaves, julienned, 2 blood oranges, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 shallot, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch watercress, trimmed, 2 cups roughly chopped iceberg lettuce, 12 cup crushed rice crackers], title: Crispy Chicken Fingers with Sweet and Sour Blood Orange Sauce, Blood Orange Watercress Salad, picturelink: null}, 883: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nVigorously whisk the egg yolks and lemon juice together in a stainless steel bowl and until the mixture is thickened and doubled in volume. Place the bowl over a saucepan containing barely simmering water or use a double boiler, the water should not touch the bottom of the bowl. Continue to whisk rapidly. Be careful not to let the eggs get too hot or they will scramble. Slowly drizzle in the melted butter and continue to whisk until the sauce is thickened and doubled in volume. Remove from heat, whisk in cayenne and salt. Cover and place in a warm spot until ready to use for the eggs benedict. If the sauce gets too thick, whisk in a few drops of warm water before serving.nBrown the bacon in a medium skillet and toast the English muffins, cut sides up, on a baking sheet under the broiler. Fill a 10inch nonstick skillet half full of water. Add white vinegar to the cooking water. This will make the egg white cook faster so it does not spread. Bring to a slow boil. Gently break 1 of the eggs into the water taking care not to break it. Repeat with remaining eggs. Reduce the heat to a gentle simmer. Cook 3 12 minutes until the egg white is set and yolk remains soft. Remove with a slotted spoon, allowing the egg to drain. To assemble: Lay a slice of Canadian bacon on top of each muffin half, followed by a poached egg. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon hollandaise sauce over the eggs. Garnish with chopped parsley.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [4 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup unsalted butter, melted 1 stick, Pinch cayenne, Pinch salt, 8 slices Canadian bacon, 4 English muffins, split, 2 teaspoons white vinegar, 8 eggs, Salt and pepper, to taste, Hollandaise Sauce, recipe above, Fresh chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Hollandaise Sauce, picturelink: HKtFm1bTaNaqgXPf8qx.GYdvEM.1ni}, 884: {instructions: Heat a mediumhigh skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add oil. Cooks Note: Oil is heated when you drop a little flour in and the oil spits.nPound out the cube steaks with a meat mallet until they are 14 to 12inches thick. Salt and pepper both sides. Mix the flour, cayenne and paprika together in a bowl. Beat the eggs in another bowl. Dredge the steaks through the flour, then egg mixture, then through the flour again.nPlace the steak carefully in the pan as the oil will splatter. Cook until golden brown, about 4 to 6 minutes on each side. When finished, place on a sheet tray lined with paper towels, hold in a warm oven and repeat the procedure with the other pieces of steak.nWhen all steaks have been cooked off, pour off all but 2 tablespoons of the cooking oil and lower heat. Add 3 tablespoons of the leftover flour mixture to the oil and whisk to create a paste. Cook until golden, about 1 minute. Gradually add the milk to the flour and oil mixture while whisking together. Season the gravy with salt and pepper, to taste. Let cook until thickened about 10 minutes. Pour gravy over the steak to finish and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [12 cup vegetable oil, 6 4ounces each cube steaks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon paprika, 4 eggs, beaten, 1 12 cups whole milk, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Chicken Fried Steak with Gravy, picturelink: ut0kjMPV5ulzbT3EX7AO7qNKwquBIiu}, 885: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour 3 9inch cake pans. Cut 3 circles of waxed or parchment paper to fit the bottoms of the pans, then press them in. In a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, cream the butter until smooth. Add the sugar and eggs and mix until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the vanilla, cocoa, baking soda and salt mix. Add half of the flour, then half of the sour cream, and mix. Repeat with the remaining flour and sour cream. Drizzle in the hot coffee and mix until smooth. The batter will be thin.nPour into the prepared pans and bake until the tops are firm to the touch and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean a few crumbs are okay about 35 minutes. Halfway through the baking, quickly rotate the pans in the oven to ensure even baking, but otherwise try not to open the oven. Let cool in the pan 10 minutes. Turn out onto wire racks and let cool completely before frosting.nTo frost the cake, use a spatula to cover 2 of the cake layers with frosting. Stack them together. Flip the third cake layer over and rest it on the top to create a very flat top for the cake. Frost on the sides and top with a thin crumb layer to seal all the crumbs in and chill. Repeat with a finishing layer of butter cream. Place about 2 cups of butter cream in a potato ricer and press it through onto the top of the cake moving it in a circular motion to look like spaghetti. Place chocolate truffle meatballs around on top and chill until ready to serve. Just before serving, pour on the strawberry puree.nIn a saucepan place the sugar and carefully pour the water around the edge. Using your finger make an X in the pan to help the water gently mix with the sugar. Bring to a boil and cook to softball stage 235 degrees F. Meanwhile, whip the egg whites in a mixer with a whip attachment until light and fluffy. When sugar is softball slowly pour it into the bowl down the side and continue whipping, adding vanilla, until incorporated and then cooled. Add the butter 1 cube at a time while whipping until it is a thick butter cream check flavor and consistency of butter cream before continuing to add butter, as not all of the 2 cups may be needed. Keep at room temperature while frosting the cake.nHeat the heavy cream in a small saucepan, and as soon as it boils, turn off the heat. Meanwhile, put the chopped bittersweet chocolate in a medium bowl. Pour the hot cream into the bowl. Whisk until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth, add the peanut butter and whisk until smooth. Cover and let rest in a cool place overnightdo not refrigerate. The mixture will become firm but not hard.nThe next day, scoop balls of truffle mixture using an ice cream scoop onto baking sheets lined with parchment paper. Refrigerate until set, about 1 hour. Use your palm to gently press down the point that sticks up on each truffle. Transfer to the freezer and freeze until hard, 2 to 3 hours or overnight.nMelt the semisweet chocolate in the top of a double boiler set over barely simmering water. It should be liquid, but not so hot that you cant touch it. Spread the cocoa powder out on a sheet pan with sides.nWorking in 2 batches to avoid crowding the pan of cocoa, dip the frozen truffles one at a time into the melted chocolate, shaking off any excess. Set coated truffle on the cocoa. Gently but thoroughly shake pan containing the truffles and the cocoa after the chocolate has started to set until truffles are completely coated. Carefully remove to another pan and refrigerate, uncovered for 30 minutes. Transfer to an airtight container and keep chilled.nIn a blender, puree the strawberries and add a teaspoon of water if necessary to adjust consistency to a thick, but not pasty consistency. Adjust sweetness to taste with sugar., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 3 cups light brown sugar, packed, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 cups sifted cake flour, 1 13 cups sour cream, 1 12 cups hot coffee, Vanilla Buttercream, recipe follows, Chocolate Truffle Meatballs, recipe follows, Strawberry puree, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 4 egg whites about 12 cup, 2 cups butter, cut up, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 ounces bestquality bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 1 12 pounds semisweet chocolate, 1 12 cups Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 1 pint fresh strawberries Water, to adjust consistency Sugar, to taste], title: Spaghetti and Meatball Cake, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 886: {instructions: For the sauce:nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the shallots and garlic to the pan and sweat them for 1 minute. Throw in the thyme, marjoram, bay leaf, cloves, and juniper berry and sweat for 1 minute. Add the red wine and let the mixture simmer until the wine is mostly cooked off and the sauce starts to thicken slightly, about 20 to 25 minutes. Stir in 12 cup of the demi glace, cook for 1 minute, then taste. If the sauce needs a little more richness, add more demi glace until it tastes evenly rich and smooth. Stir in the butter until it is just melted. Taste the sauce again and season with salt, and pepper, if necessary.nFor the steak and turf:nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Preheat a grill or cast iron pan over high heat.nRemove the steak from the refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking so the meat is at room temperature. This helps the meat to cook evenly. Coat the steak in 2 tablespoons olive oil. Season the steak with salt, and pepper. Sear the steak on both sides, about 2 minutes per side, until browned. Transfer the steak to the oven for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest before slicing. While the steak is in the oven, season the fish well with salt and pepper. Wrap thin slices of potato around each piece of fish, overlapping slightly. Do this with each slice overlapping the last by 14inch until the fish is wrapped. Heat a nonstick pan over medium heat and add 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season the potatowrapped fish with salt and pepper and add the fish to the pan with the potato overlap facing down. This will help seal the potatoes on the fish. Cook each side until the potato is crispy and fish is cooked through. Transfer the cooked fish to a paper towel. Keep warm.nFor the mushrooms:nMelt 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the corn to the pan and cook until lightly browned. Remove the corn from the pan to a bowl. Add another 1 tablespoon of butter and then stir in the shallots. Cook the shallots until softened, about 5 minutes. Remove the shallots to the bowl with the corn. Add in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and raise the heat to mediumhigh. Add the mushrooms and cook until they start to brown, but are still firm. Add the sherry vinegar and stir. Simmer until reduced down and almost cooked out. Add the corn and shallots back into the pan. Stir to combine. Season the mushrooms with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nFor the leeks:nIn a large, deep saute pan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the leeks and shallots and sweat the leeks and shallots for 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season the mixture with salt and pepper. Add the wine and bring to a simmer and let the wine cook all the way down until it is almost cooked out. Add the stock and repeat the reduction process. Add the cream and reduce the heat to mediumlow and let simmer until the leeks and shallots are tender and the sauce begins to thicken. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper again, if needed.nTo plate:nSlice the steak into thin slices. Make a bed of mushrooms on each plate. Top with slices of steak and a piece of fish. Spoon the leeks on the side. Top the steak and fish with the red wine sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 sprigs fresh marjoram, 1 bay leaf, 2 cloves, 1 juniper berry, 1 bottle dry red wine, 1 cup demi glace thickened concentrated enhanced stock, divided, 2ounces butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 1pound New York strip steak, cut in half, fat trimmed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 5ounce pieces Chilean sea bass, 1 Idaho potato, peeled, cut into a rectangle, sliced thin lengthwise on a mandolin, and held in a bowl of room temperature water, 4 tablespoons, butter, divided, Kernels from 1 ear white corn, 3 shallots, sliced thin, 2 cups cremini mushrooms, washed, halved, 4 tablespoons sherry vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 4 tablespoons butter, 3 leeks, halved, washed, and sliced into 12inch pieces, 1 shallot, sliced thin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 14 cup white wine, 14 cup chicken stock, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Surf and Turf in Herbed Red Wine Sauce with Buttery Mushrooms and Creamy Leeks, picturelink: 3YYEMzCm6TZEhWkhdjyW00ptirs3fm}, 887: {instructions: Slice each biscuit in half and put a sausage patty on the bottom half of each. Top with cream gravy and parsley. Serve 2 biscuits per person with eggs on the side.nSlice each biscuit in half and put a sausage patty on the bottom half of each. Top with cream gravy and parsley. Serve 2 biscuits per person with eggs on the side.nCombine the pork, garlic, onion powder, sage, thyme and oil in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 8 hours to allow the flavors to meld.nForm the mixture into 8 patties, each 12 inch thick. Heat a nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Cook the patties until golden brown and just cooked through, about 5 minutes per side.nCombine the pork, garlic, onion powder, sage, thyme and oil in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 8 hours to allow the flavors to meld.nForm the mixture into 8 patties, each 12 inch thick. Heat a nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Cook the patties until golden brown and just cooked through, about 5 minutes per side.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute without browning. Slowly whisk in the warm milk. Raise the heat to high and continue whisking until the sauce begins to thicken and the raw taste of the flour has been cooked out, about 5 minutes. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Serve warm.nPut the milk in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute without browning. Slowly whisk in the warm milk. Raise the heat to high and continue whisking until the sauce begins to thicken and the raw taste of the flour has been cooked out, about 5 minutes. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Serve warm.nPut the milk in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.nCombine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Cut in the cold butter using your fingers or a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the buttermilk and mix gently until the mixture just begins to come together.nScrape the dough onto a lightly floured counter. Pat into a 10by12inch rectangle, about 34 inch thick. Use a 2inch round cutter to cut out biscuits. Press together the scraps and repeat.nPlace the biscuits 2 inches apart on the baking sheet brush the tops with the cream and sprinkle with pepper use 2 teaspoons total. Bake until light golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Brush the biscuits with the melted butter and transfer them to a wire rack to cool at least slightly.nPhotograph by Con PoulosnPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.nCombine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Cut in the cold butter using your fingers or a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the buttermilk and mix gently until the mixture just begins to come together.nScrape the dough onto a lightly floured counter. Pat into a 10by12inch rectangle, about 34 inch thick. Use a 2inch round cutter to cut out biscuits. Press together the scraps and repeat.nPlace the biscuits 2 inches apart on the baking sheet brush the tops with the cream and sprinkle with pepper use 2 teaspoons total. Bake until light golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Brush the biscuits with the melted butter and transfer them to a wire rack to cool at least slightly.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [8 Black Pepper Buttermilk Biscuits see below, 8 Sausage Patties see below, Cream Gravy see below, Chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish, Scrambled eggs, for serving, 8 Black Pepper Buttermilk Biscuits see below, 8 Sausage Patties see below, Cream Gravy see below, Chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish, Scrambled eggs, for serving, 1 pound ground pork, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped into a paste, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound ground pork, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped into a paste, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups whole milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups whole milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for shaping, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus 4 tablespoons  12 stick, melted, 1 12 cups buttermilk, chilled, 12 cup heavy cream, Freshly ground pepper, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for shaping, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus 4 tablespoons  12 stick, melted, 1 12 cups buttermilk, chilled, 12 cup heavy cream, Freshly ground pepper], title: Biscuits With Cream Gravy, Sausage and Scrambled Eggs, picturelink: kUcyYHnJZK92AOpnN3VRXWZj02bN4G}, 888: {instructions: Slice the tops off of the peppers and remove the seeds.nPlace the cream cheese in a medium bowl and use a silicone spatula to smash and stir it until smooth. Fold in the ham, corn, parsley, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper.nStuff each pepper generously with some of the cream cheese filling. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [12 mini bell peppers, 6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 3 ounces thinly sliced deli ham, cut into 14inch pieces, 12 cup frozen corn, thawed, 13 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cream Cheese and Ham Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: H6Ite6oGtjgydW3YQGY4rGzf0hnWKfu}, 889: {instructions: For the citrus bagna cauda: Heat the olive oil in a small saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and anchovies. Cook, stirring and breaking up the anchovies with a wooden spoon, until the anchovies dissolve and the garlic is fragrant and beginning to brown, about 3 minutes. Set aside to cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile, add the lemon zest, orange zest, lemon juice, orange juice, honey, salt and pepper to a small bowl. Once the anchovygarlic oil has cooled, whisk it into the citrus. Allow to mingle for about 10 minutes before removing the garlic.nFor the grilled Treviso: Preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nGrill the Treviso halves until slightly wilted and charred in spots, 3 minutes per side. Remove to a cutting board, cut out the cores and chop the leaves into bitesize pieces. Place in a medium bowl and season with the 12 teaspoon salt. Toss the Treviso with the bagna cauda dressing and sprinkle with the walnuts.nn, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled, 2 anchovy fillets, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest 12 orange, 1 tablespoon lemon juice 12 lemon, 1 tablespoon orange juice 12 orange, 1 12 teaspoons honey, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 3 large heads Treviso, halved lengthwise, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup chopped walnuts, toasted], title: Grilled Treviso with Citrus Bagna Cauda, picturelink: W6o6l2Zy5ejahaTOwpCBSxiMIZGUNNq}, 890: {instructions: Blanch carrots in salted boiling water for 2 to 3 minutes until tender crisp. Drain and plunge in icebath to stop the cooking.nTo a saute pan, add butter and sugar. Let melt and add carrots, cook over low heat until heated through, and glazed, about 4 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound carrots, sliced or roll cut, 1 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon sugar], title: Glazed Carrots, picturelink: null}, 891: {instructions: Using a mandoline, slice the fennel into thin shavings.nCut the bottom and top off of the grapefruit. Using a knife, cut the peel off of the sides, following the curve of the grapefruit and being careful only to cut away the peel and bitter pith. Hold the fruit in 1 hand over a bowl and cut the flesh of the grapefruit away from the membrane to release a wedge. Repeat until all segments are released.nIn a large saute pan over medium heat coat with extravirgin olive oil and add the fennel. Season with salt and saute for 1 to 2 minutes or until the fennel is warm and coated with the oil. Remove from heat. Toss in the grapefruit segments, olive slivers and juice and sprinkle with the fennel fronds. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 fennel bulb, 1 pink grapefruit, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt, 14 cup slivered cerignola or other big green olives, 14 cup freshly squeezed pink grapefruit juice, 14 cup picked fennel fronds], title: Warm Shaved Fennel with Pink Grapefruit, picturelink: fnfBrAFS0B2ocI2VmwARHtVGxPkXKq}, 892: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the Brussels sprouts in the feed tube of the food processor fitted with a large slicing disc. There is no need to core them. Process the Brussels sprouts until theyre all sliced.nPlace the butter and olive oil in a large 12inch saute pan and heat it over medium heat. Add the sliced Brussels sprouts, 1 12 teaspoons salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper and saute them, stirring frequently, for about 4 to 5 minutes, until tender but still bright green. Stir in the balsamic vinegar, season to taste, and serve hot., ingredients: [2 12ounce packages Brussels sprouts, ends and brown leaves trimmed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon syrupy balsamic vinegar], title: Sauteed Shredded Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: d4QfX8a4RYQINDjfqvLDGEAs.UhD09e}, 893: {instructions: Hollow out 4 tomatoes, . Season with salt and pepper and invert to drain. Cook 2 bacon slices with 1 garlic clove chop, then toss with 12 cup chopped lettuce, 12 cup chopped stale bread cubes, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise and salt and pepper. Stuff into the tomatoes, then brush with the bacon drippings. Bake 20 to 30 minutes at 425 degrees F.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: BLT Tomatoes, picturelink: c1QNSOms5UG4TjdOn8uAg2l6xrGtfhu}, 894: {instructions: Whip the egg yolks until light in color and thickened. Add vanilla, set aside. Melt 1ounce pastilles in a double boiler, add cocoa powder, and coffee liqueur. Combine mixture with the yolks. In double boiler, whisk until smooth over a low flame. Whip heavy cream to stiff peaks. Fold in sugar and then fold in cream into the yolk mixture. Pour in parfait glasses., ingredients: [6 egg yolks, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 1ounce white chocolate pastilles, 12 cup cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup confectioners sugar], title: Chocolate Parfait, picturelink: null}, 895: {instructions: Broil 20 husked and rinsed tomatillos, 1 sliced onion and 4 unpeeled garlic cloves until charred. Peel the garlic and puree with the tomatillos, onion, 1 chipotle in adobo sauce, 2 tablespoons cilantro and a pinch each of sugar and salt.nSee all 50 GameDay DipsnPhotographs by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Tomatillo Salsa, picturelink: KD7co2PNbwmZJ8tUxXowjO.dQ9ZeRC}, 896: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a medium saucepan threequarters with water. Add the lemon juice and bring to a boil. Add a pinch of salt and then drop the shrimp into the boiling water, cook until the shrimp are opaque, 2 to 3 minutes.nWhile shrimp cooks, create an ice bath. Drain the shrimp and place in the ice bath. Once cooled, drain the shrimp and pat off any excess water. Set aside.nCombine the vinegar, apples, carrots, cucumbers, jalapenos and scallions in a bowl. Season the salad with salt and pepper.nTo assemble the wraps, lay out the lettuce leaves. Divide the poached shrimp and salad among the leaves. Top each with a sprig of cilantro.nTo prepare ahead of time, pack the lettuce, shrimp and 14 cup salad in separate containers and assemble when youre ready to eat., ingredients: [12 lemon, juiced, Salt, 12 ounces raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 small green apple, julienned, 1 medium carrot, shredded, 1 small kirby cucumber, cut into matchsticksize strips, 1 small jalapeno, sliced into rings, 1 scallion, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 large Bibb lettuce leaves, 4 sprigs fresh cilantro], title: Bahn Mi Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 897: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a large saucepan, combine the orange juice, Grand Marnier, ginger, orange zest, stock, sugar and star anise. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and simmer until reduced by half. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat, remove the star anise and cool. Separate the glaze into 2 containers. Score the skin of the duck breasts in a diamond pattern with a sharp knife. Season the duck with salt and pepper. Place the duck breasts, skin side up, in a large baking dish. Place the duck in the oven and roast for 10 minutes. Remove the duck from the oven. Lower the temperature of the oven to 375 degrees. Using 1 of the containers of the glaze, brush the dusk breasts generously with the glaze. Return the duck to the oven and bake for another 5 to 10 minutes to cook the duck to a medium rare. Remove the duck from the oven and place the breasts on a large platter. Heat up the second container of mandarin glaze in a small saucepan. Add 2 tablespoons of the pan drippings and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and brush onto the duck breasts. Serve with vermicelli and spring vegetables., ingredients: [12 cups Mandarin orange juice, 1 cup Grand Marnier, 3 tablespoons minced ginger, 12 cup Mandarin orange zest, 2 cups duck or chicken stock, 12 cup sugar, 2 pieces star anise, Salt, Pepper, 30 Peking duck breasts, 3 pounds rice stick noodles vermicelli, cooked according to package instructions, 3 pounds assorted patty pan squash, steamed], title: Mandarin Orange Glazed Duck with Vermicelli and Spring Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 898: {instructions: Simmer pears and plums, covered in a large saucepan with 13 cup water until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain reserve cooking liquid Transfer fruit to a blender. Working in small batches, blend until smooth. Add up to 13 cup boiled and cooled water if needed. Pass mixture through a fine sieve for the smoothest texture. Fill 14cup plastic containers or ice cube trays with puree. Use same method for other fruits combinations., ingredients: [1 12 pounds pears, washed, peeled, cored, and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 12 pounds ripe plums, pitted and quartered], title: Pear Plum Combination  Babyfood, picturelink: null}, 899: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine flour, 1 teaspoon of salt and 12 teaspoon of pepper in a flat dish or pie plate. Dredge chicken thighs lightly in flour mixture, patting off excess. In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat add olive oil, when oil is hot add chicken, browning on both sides, about 5 minutes.nIn the bottom of a 5quart slow cooker add, mushrooms, green pepper, onion, garlic, carrot, tomatoes, chili flakes, remaining salt and pepper, basil and parsley. Add chicken, chicken broth and wine. Cover and cook on HIGH setting for 4 to 6 hours., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus 12 teaspoon, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus 14 teaspoon, 1 5 count package chicken thighs, about 2 to 3 pounds, 3 tablespoons pure olive oil, 12 pound button mushrooms, quartered, 1 green pepper, sliced, 1 yellow onion, sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 carrot, peeled and chopped, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 cup red wine], title: Chicken Cacciatore, picturelink: ItKj2dw4cJ.W6AzHJbkdWRTEVmZABJG}}