{8700: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nToast the coriander seeds, mustard seeds, peppercorns, cumin and bay leaf in a dry pan until fragrant and the mustard seeds begin to pop, about 1 minute. Transfer to a spice grinder or small food processor and grind into a fine powder.nPlace the chicken in a roasting pan and pat dry. Arrange the carrots and onions around the chicken. Scatter the orange zest on top of the chicken and place the orange pieces in the cavity.nLift the chicken skin from the chicken without removing it using your fingers. Rub the spice mixture and the salt on top of the chicken and under the skin. Pour the beer into the bottom of the roasting pan, not onto the chicken or any of the vegetables. Cover with foil and carefully transfer to the oven.nRoast the chicken for 30 minutes, and then remove the foil and return to the oven and continue cooking until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F, 30 to 40 more minutes.nLet rest for at least 10 minutes before cutting into halves or quarters. Remove the orange and skin before serving.nNutrition information per serving: 411 calories, 11 g fat, ingredients: [2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons mustard seeds, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 dried bay leaf, crushed, One 3pound chicken, 2 large carrots, roughly chopped, 1 large onion, quartered, 1 orange, zested and halved, One 12ounce beer, such as Brooklyn Brew Shop Honey Grapefruit Ale], title: Bobbys Lighter Drunken Chicken, picturelink: null}, 8701: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat 14 cup oil, garlic, and chile pepper over mediumhigh heat and cook until garlic is lightly brown. Remove garlic from pan. Add clams and cover pan. Cook until clams steam open, about 5 to 10 minutes. Remove clams from pan and place in a dish. Add some steaming juices to keep clams warm. Cover. Reserve remaining steaming juice it should be about 1 cup.nPour 1 cup reserved juice into blender and add chickpeas. Process until smooth. Season with salt, if necessary, and pepper. Divide puree among 4 shallow bowls. Top with clams and sprinkle with parsley. Combine the lemon zest and remaining olive oil, and drizzle over the top. Serve right away with toasted bread, if desired.nServing suggestion: 4 slices toasted country bread., ingredients: [14 cup, plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 14 small chile pepper, minced, 3 pounds Littleneck clams, cleaned well, 3 12 cups cooked chickpeas, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh minced Italian parsley, 1 lemon zested into thin strips, and juiced], title: Sauteed Clams with Chickpea Cream, picturelink: null}, 8702: {instructions: Cook onions in simmering, salted water for 5 minutes, then drain. Heat olive oil in a small saute pan, add onions and sugar, toss to coat. Cook, tossing occasionally, until onions are tender and golden brown.nIn a large bowl mix the ground lamb with the flour, beaten egg, ground nutmeg and salt and pepper. Separate the mixture into 4 equal patties. On a hot grill or barbecue grill patties for approximately 5 minutes on each side for a medium rare burger or until desired degree of doneness.nAfter cutting the focaccia into rounds, slice each round in half. Lay the grilled lamburgers on top of focaccia. Crumble the feta over patties. Top with caramelized onions cut in half, a drizzle of olive oil and fresh mint leaves. Replace remaining rounds of focaccia.nSuggested Drink: Banrock Station Southeast Australia Shiraz, 1997, ingredients: [20 pearl onions, peeled, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 pound ground lamb, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 egg, beaten, 12 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, Salt and pepper to taste, Focaccia bread, cut into 4 to 5 inch rounds, 1 cup feta cheese, crumbled, Fresh mint leaves], title: Lamburgers with Sweet Caramelized Onions, picturelink: null}, 8703: {instructions: Start up your grill and make sure its hot.nIn a mediumsized mixing bowl add the beef, seasonings, and shallots. Mix the meat with your hands, thoroughly incorporating the seasoning and shallots. Form the meat into smallsized patties. Put the minipatties on the grill and cook through, giving it about 2 to 3 minutes per side. In the last 2 minutes of grilling, top each patty with a slice of cheese and allow it to start melting. When the cheese has melted, remove the patties from grill. Put the patties on the bottom half of the bun, garnish with micro greens, and lean the top half of the bun on the side of the slider, exposing the greens, for presentation purposes. Serve hot with condiments on the side.nIf giving to your dog, go with a mild cheese, ingredients: [1 pound high quality ground Kobe beef, 1 12 teaspoons onion powder, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 12 small rolls sliced in 12 recommended: Hawaiian sweet rolls, Sliced cheese of your choice see Cooks Note, Micro greens, for garnish, Condiments of your choice], title: Kobe Beef Sliders, picturelink: null}, 8704: {instructions: Combine all ingredients, except tortillas, into a bowl and mix well. Add dressing and tortillas and mix lightly being careful not to break up tortillas too small., ingredients: [2 large granny smith apples, julienned, 1 large red pepper, stem, seeds and membrane, removed and julienned, 1 large green pepper, stem, seeds and membrane, removed and julienned, 1 large yellow bell pepper, stem, seeds and membrane, removed and julienned, 1 small head of green cabbage, julienned thin, 1 small head of red cabbage, julienned thin, 4 yellow corn tortillas julienned thin and fried, 4 red corn tortillas julienned thin and fried, 4 blue corn tortillas julienned thin and fried, 1 bunch cilantro leaves, whole, 12 cup canola oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 14 bunch of cilantro, chopped fine, Juice of 3 limes, Salt to taste], title: Cilantro Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 8705: {instructions: Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Increase the mixer speed to medium high add the egg and vanilla and beat until incorporated. Reduce the speed to low add the flour mixture in 2 batches and beat until just combined. Divide the dough between 2 sheets of plastic wrap shape into disks. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Generously dust a work surface with confectioners sugar. Working with 1 disk at a time, roll out the dough until about 13 inch thick, dusting with more confectioners sugar as needed. Return the dough to the refrigerator if it gets too soft. Cut out shapes with 3 to 4inch cookie cutters arrange 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Using a sharp paring knife or a small cookie cutter, cut out smaller shapes from the middle of the cookies. Reroll the scraps and cut out more cookies. Refrigerate the cookies until firm, 1 hour.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Pulse the hard candies in a food processor until coarsely ground. Mound the candy inside the cutouts of the cookies. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are lightly browned around the edges and the candy is melted, about 16 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets. Dust with confectioners sugar brush off any from the centers, if desired.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 12 cup red hard candies such as Jolly Rancher], title: Holiday Windowpanes, picturelink: x11QVucEiQOKQw8atjGsk68elGxe}, 8706: {instructions: Make the swirl: Combine the cream cheese, granulated sugar, eggs, sour cream, heavy cream and vanilla in a food processor and puree until smooth set aside.nMake the cake: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Generously coat a 10 to 15cup Bundt pan with cooking spray and dust with flour, tapping out the excess. Whisk the flour, granulated sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Whisk the vegetable oil, sour cream, eggs, food coloring, vanilla, vinegar and 14 cup water in a medium bowl. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and whisk until just combined.nSpread 3 cups of the batter in the prepared Bundt pan. Pour in the cream cheese swirl mixture, then spoon the remaining cake batter evenly over the top. Bake until the top is cracked and a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool 20 minutes in the pan, then carefully invert onto a plate and let cool completely, at least 2 hours.nMake the glaze: Combine the cream cheese, confectioners sugar, sour cream, vanilla and salt in a food processor and puree until smooth. Pour and spread on the cooled cake., ingredients: [2 8ounce packages cream cheese, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups vegetable oil, 34 cup sour cream, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons red gel food coloring, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar, 4 ounces cream cheese, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 12 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch of salt], title: Red Velvet Cream Cheese Bundt Cake, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 8707: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nWrap corn tortillas in foil and warm in the oven. Bring broth to a boil in a saute pan. Set chicken into broth with bay and oregano and onion. Return to a boil, cover and reduce heat to simmer. Poach chicken in broth 10 minutes. Remove chicken breasts to a bowl and shred with 2 forks. Add 12 cup of cooking liquid and tomato paste, spices and salt and work through the chicken using the forks.nCombine all sauce ingredients and heat through, keeping warm until needed.nRemove tortillas from oven and switch broiler on high.nPile chicken mixture into warm corn tortillas and roll. Line casserole or baking dish with enchiladas, seam side down. Pour hot tomato sauce over the chicken enchiladas and top with cheese. Place in enchiladas in hot oven 6 inches from broiler and broil 5 minutes to melt cheese and set enchiladas. Serve.nvar axel  Math.randomnvar a  axel  10000000000000ndocument.write, ingredients: [8 soft corn tortillas, 3 cups chicken broth, 4 pieces boneless skinless chicken breast, 6 to 8 ounces, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, 2 sprigs fresh oregano, 1 small onion, quartered, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 13 palm full, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt, 2 cups tomato sauce, 2 teaspoons hot cayenne pepper sauce, several drops, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 pinches, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 2 12 cups Monterey Jack shredded cheese, available on dairy aisle], title: Chicken Enchiladas, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 8708: {instructions: Cabbage: combine all ingredients and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 24 hours. Place marinated cabbage in a large pot, over low heat. Simmer for 1 12 hours, covered. Adjust seasoning. To reheat, saute cabbage over medium heat in 2 tablespoons of olive oil, just to heat and reserve.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nSeason loins liberally with kosher salt and pepper. Over medium high heat in whole butter, sear all sides. Place in oven for 7 to 10 minutes for rare to medium rare.nSauce: Place jus in saucepan and bring to a simmer. Place quince in jus, simmer for 5 minutes, then add cold butter, whisking gently. Before serving, finish with thyme.nPlace 14 of the cabbage in middle of plate. Place cake of semolina beside cabbage. Slice loin into 3 even slices and lay over the gratin. Drizzle quince and sauce around and on top of the caribou. Plate the remainder of the ingredients in the same way.nIn a covered pot, cook the quince over low heat in the syrup, lemon, and water. When the quince is almost fork tender 20 minutes, remover cover and continue to cook for 10 minutes until quince is fork tender. Let quince cool in liquid. Keep refrigerated.nBring milk to scald and add the butter, whisking quickly. While whisking, add semolina in a steady stream. Keep whisking until mixture thickens. Turn down heat and cook over low heat for 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in the oka and yolks. Adjust seasonings.nTransfer to a casserole and sprinkle the gratin with the Parmesan and breadcrumbs. Refrigerate until ready to use. Quarter for serving.nReheat in a 375 degree F oven for 12 to 15 minutes, gratin under a broiler to finish., ingredients: [4 cups shredded red cabbage, 4 ounces red wine, 2 ounces sherry vinegar, 1 peeled and diced Granny Smith apple, 1 small white onion, sliced, 4 tablespoon maple syrup Canadian, 2 4 ounce rashers bacon, diced, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 teaspoon ground juniper berries, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 4 6ounce filets caribou from the saddle, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 8 ounces concentrated veal or caribou jus, 2 ounces cold sweet butter, diced, 1 teaspoon thyme leaves, 8 pieces Cooked Quince, recipe follows, Semolina Gratin, recipe follows, 1 large quince, peeled, cored and cut into 8 wedges, 4 ounces simple syrup equal parts sugar and water brought to a boil and allowed to cool, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 ounces water, 1 quart milk, 14 cup sweet butter, 1 14 cups semolina, 12 cup grated oka semisoft cheese similar to smoked gouda, 2 egg yolks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup Parmesan, 14 cup bread crumbs], title: Loin of Yukon Caribou with Mulled Red Cabbage, Semolina Gratin, and Quince, picturelink: null}, 8709: {instructions: Preheat fryer to 375 degrees F. with canola oil.nIn a medium sized bowl, cream together shortening, mascarpone and sugar. In a measuring cup mix together buttermilk, egg, vanilla, lemon juice and zest. Slowly beat in egg mixture. Once well blended slowly add flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt.nRoll dough out on a floured surface until 13inch thick. Punch out doughnuts with a 1 12inch biscuit cutter or donut cutter. Let stand 10 minutes. Fry until golden. Remove from fryer and dust with powdered sugar. Serve with fresh berries., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 2 tablespoons shortening, 2 tablespoons Mascarpone cheese, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 lemon, zested, 2 cups flour, sifted, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, Powdered sugar, to garnish, Fresh berries, to garnish], title: Homemade Lemon Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 8710: {instructions: Melt butter in a saucepan and add water. When it comes to a boil put in the crab claws. Add salt, pepper and bread crumbs. Cook for 2 minutes. Add lemon juice and parsley. Serve over Fettuccine Alfredo.nPut noodles in salted boiling water, stir and cook for 90 seconds. Strain noodles loosely. Melt butter lightly in a pan. Put noodles in with the melted butter. Add cheese and pepper and toss well. Add hot cream. Toss again well., ingredients: [14 pound butter, 12 cup water, 1 pound crab claws, Salt and pepper, 12 cup bread crumbs, 1 ounce lemon juice, Pinch fresh parsley, Fettuccine Alfredo, recipe follows, 1 pound fresh fettuccine noodles, 6 ounces butter 1 12 sticks, 12 pound Parmesan cheese, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 cup halfandhalf, heated, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Crab Fingers Rickey Jackson, picturelink: null}, 8711: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a jelly roll pan and line with parchment. Set aside.nTake the carrots and chop into large pieces, then mince in a food processor until you have a fine texture. Drain pineapple and finely chop walnuts. Set aside. In a large mixing bowl add flour, baking soda, baking powder and spices together. In a separate bowl mix buttermilk, molasses, eggs, vegetable oil and dark brown sugar together.nNow combine wet and dry ingredients together to make a batter then fold in the carrots, pineapple and walnuts. Pour into the prepared pan and bake in the oven for 2530 minutes until cake is set and springs back when gently pressed in the middle. Remove the pan from the oven and allow cake to cool on a rack while you prepare the frosting and cointreau carrots recipes below. Once the cake has cooled, cut into three rectangles by cutting the cake lengthwise twice. Stack the cake up into three tiers with cream cheese frosting in between each layer. Frost the outside of the entire finished cake  smoothing off the edges and corners an offset spatula works well. Top with Cointreau carrot rounds and drizzle a little of the syrup on top as well.nUsing a kitchen mixer, combine cream cheese and butter until blended and you have a smooth, light texture. Add the vanilla, lemon zest and powdered sugar and beat until combined. Continue to beat until smooth and glossy  about 7 minutes.nSlice carrot up into rounds. Add carrot, butter, sugar, cointreau and salt to a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and reduce until syrupy  about 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 cups finely minced carrots, 12 cup crushed pineapple, drained, 34 cup finely chopped walnuts, 2 12 cups, allpurpose flour, plus extra for pan, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, A pinch of kosher salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 14 cup molasses, 4 large eggs, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 cups dark brown sugar, 2 lbs cream cheese, room temperature, 2 sticks of unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 cups powdered sugar, 1 medium carrot, 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup Cointreau, pinch of salt], title: Birthday Carrot Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting and Cointreau Carrots, picturelink: null}, 8712: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, beat together the egg yolks and sugar until the yolks lighten in color and the sugar is completely dissolved. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, over high heat, combine the milk, heavy cream and nutmeg and bring just to a boil, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and gradually temper the hot mixture into the egg and sugar mixture. Then return everything to the pot and cook until the mixture reaches 160 degrees F. Remove from the heat, stir in the bourbon, pour into a medium mixing bowl, and set in the refrigerator. Chill the mixture in the refrigerator until it reaches a temperature of 40 degrees F, approximately 4 to 6 hours.nOnce chilled, process in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions. Serve as is for softserve, or place in an airtight container and put in the freezer for 2 to 4 hours for traditional ice cream., ingredients: [4 egg yolks, 13 cup sugar, 1 pint whole milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 3 ounces bourbon], title: Eggnog Ice Cream, picturelink: pRfvbSWqSYUJaKezsfhS7bslSvmUzG}, 8713: {instructions: Combine the sugar, 1 cup water, allspice, cloves, cinnamon and ginger in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until the sugar is completely melted. Remove from the heat and let steep for 1 hour. Strain into a small bowl, cover and refrigerate until cold., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 8 whole allspice berries, 8 whole cloves, 3 cinnamon sticks, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped], title: Spiced Simple Syrup, picturelink: null}, 8714: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a small skillet, cook the chorizo over medium heat until browned, about 5 minutes, breaking it into pieces with a wooden spoon. Remove from heat and drain on a paper towellined plate. In a deep mixing bowl, whisk together the eggs and milk until well beaten. Pour the egg mixture into the unbaked pie skin. Evenly spoon the chorizo and potatoes into the eggfilled pie skin. Arrange the green chile strips in a sunburst pattern on top of the quiche filling. Sprinkle queso fresco over top. Bake for 40 minutes. Slice into 4 wedges and serve immediately, with a warm tortilla, if desired., ingredients: [6 ounces chorizo, 8 eggs, 12 cup milk, 1 10inch pie skin or pastry, 1 cup cooked breakfast potatoes seasoned with red chili powder or flakes, paprika, and garlic, 2 whole green chiles, fire roasted, peeled, and cut into strips, 14 cup queso fresco, Serving suggestion: warm tortillas.], title: Santa Fe Quiche, picturelink: U1C6ubTkqJLA0FvAtD6MaQcaBhACGQS}, 8715: {instructions: Special equipment: kitchen twinenFor the lamb: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the salt, pepper, coriander, cumin and fennel.nDrizzle the olive oil over both sides of the racks of lamb, then evenly apply the dry rub all over the lamb.nUsing a sharp knife, make cuts between each of the rib bones on the back sides of the racks to allow the straight racks to be flexible and formed into a crown.nTie the 2 racks together where they meet. Lift them so that the bare bones point upward and fashion them into a crown, then secure by tying twine around the bottom and midsection.nPlace the crown roast onto a rack set in a rimmed baking sheet.nRoast until a thermometer inserted into the meat avoid touching bone registers 110 degrees F, 50 minutes to 1 hour.nFor the pesto: Into the bowl of a food processor fitted with the blade attachment, add the mint, cilantro, almonds, salt, green onions, garlic and chile. Pulse, scraping down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula as necessary, until finely chopped. With the machine running, add 34 cup of the olive oil in a steady stream.nPour the pesto into a bowl. Add the remaining 34 cup olive oil and the lemon juice. Season to taste. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside, or refrigerate bring to room temperature 30 minutes prior to serving the lamb.nRemove the lamb from the oven and raise the oven temperature to 500 degrees F.nPlace a sheet of foil over the bones to keep them from burning. Roast the lamb until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of a chop reaches 125 degrees F for mediumrare or 135 degrees F for medium, an additional 10 minutes. Tent the lamb with foil and allow to rest for 10 minutes. Remove the twine and carve into chops serve with pesto on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground fennel, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 racks of lamb, frenched, fat caps trimmed, 4 cups fresh mint leaves, 2 cups fresh cilantro leaves, with some tender stems, 12 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 green onions, green and light green parts only, roughly chopped, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, 1 Fresno chile, seeded, deveined and roughly chopped, 1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Crown Roast of Lamb with Mint and Green Onion Pesto, picturelink: LnfwksyMREcwwJuqu1cHzHkOi8Fu.e}, 8716: {instructions: Marinate the chicken in the buttermilk for at least 30 minutes. Preheat the deep fryer to 325 degrees F.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl mix the panko, pecans, salt and seasoned salt. Remove the chicken from the buttermilk and shake off excess liquid, then dip in the egg whites. Dredge the chicken in the panko mixture and then rest the chicken in the refrigerator for 20 minutes.nPlace the chicken in the deep fryer and cook until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Finish off in the oven until the internal temperature of the chicken is 165 degrees F, 12 minutes., ingredients: [Twelve 6ounce chicken breasts, 1 cup buttermilk, 3 cups panko breadcrumbs, 1 cup crushed pecans, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon seasoned salt, 3 egg whites], title: Buttermilk Pecan Chicken, picturelink: iuWbyP.36XS2cXiOvRV6hTEpb1Hu79G}, 8717: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all ingredients and refrigerate until serving., ingredients: [1 mango, julienned, 12 cup carrots, julienned, 1 pound jicama, peeled and julienned, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and julienned, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup fresh lime juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Mango Jicama Slaw, picturelink: UoEXfmLWJ4O.sYPbK47Wo21msp2MCG}, 8718: {instructions: Cook 2 thinly sliced large red onions in a skillet with 14 cup olive oil over low heat, covered, until golden, 30 minutes. Stir in 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar and 1 teaspoon grated peeled ginger season with salt. Cook until thick, about 20 more minutes.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Red Onion Marmalade, picturelink: ZK83.ZmiSBL2qo4Rx90EDeedxIg0ty}, 8719: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nToss the jalapenos with 1 tablespoon olive oil, some salt and pepper and lay skinside up on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the skin is blistered, 10 to15 minutes. Place in a plastic baggie for about 5 minutes loosen the skin. Pull off the skin, remove the majority of seeds and ribs, and slice. Set aside.nSpread the mascarpone on 4 slices of bread and divide the Cheddar among the other 4 slices. Divide the sliced jalapenos among the 4 sandwiches. Close, and butter both sides of the bread.nHeat half of the remaining oil on a flat griddle over medium heat. Grill one side of the sandwiches until golden. Remove, heat the remaining oil and repeat with the second side until golden and the insides are all melty and gooey., ingredients: [6 jalapenos, cut in half lengthwise, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, 1 cup shredded aged Cheddar, 8 slices country white bread, 2 tablespoons salted butter], title: Jalapeno Popper Grilled Cheese, picturelink: RFlvm6bFX6ZQbwoQAqpJOjNev6zB64m}, 8720: {instructions: Salt and pepper chicken. Heat a deep pan and add olive oil. Brown the chicken pieces and remove chicken to a plate. Add onions, carrots, garlic and salt and pepper and saute but dont brown for 5 minutes.nAdd mushrooms, parsley salt, and pepper, saute 2 minutes. Add chicken back to the pan with tomato paste, wine and salt and pepper and give everything a light dusting of cinnamon. Mix it all well and add chicken broth, stir well. Bring to a boil. Cover and simmer low for 12 hour, stirring occasionally. Continue to cook until sauce is thick, approximately 15 minutes more. Make instant polenta according to package directions. When done taste chicken and season if necessary. Spoon polenta into middle of dish and stew goes over warm polenta. Sprinkle generously with Parmesan. Garnish with more chopped parsley., ingredients: [Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 chicken breasts, 2 chicken legs, 2 chicken wings, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 small onions, chopped, 2 carrots diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 pound button and portobello mushrooms, sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley plus more, for garnish, 12 6ounce can tomato paste, 12 cup white wine, Large pinch ground cinnamon, 1 16ounce can chicken broth, 10 ounces instant polenta, Freshly grated Parmesan], title: Stewfato: Stewed Chicken, picturelink: null}, 8721: {instructions: In a large bowl combine the cucumbers and onion, sprinkle with salt, and toss well. Add the ice cubes and chill, covered, overnight.nDrain the mixture in a colander and rinse under cold water. In a saucepan bring the remaining ingredients to a boil, stirring. Add the cucumbers and onions and bring to just a simmer, stirring. Transfer to a bowl and cool. Chill the pickles, covered, for 24 hours.nThe pickles can be made 1 week ahead and kept refrigerated, covered. Or, spoon the hot pickles into sterilized 1pint Masontype jars, filling the jars to within 12inch of the top. Seal with the lids. Put the jars on a rack in a kettle and pour in enough hot water to cover them by 2 inches. Bring to a boil and cook, covered, for 10 minutes. Transfer the jars with tongs to a rack and cool. Store in a cool, dark, dry place., ingredients: [1 14 pounds Kirby cucumbers, cut into 12inch slices, 1 onion, sliced very thin, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 cups ice cubes, 1 cup cider vinegar, 1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon celery seeds, 14 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste], title: Bread and Butter Pickles, picturelink: null}, 8722: {instructions: Pinch ground cinnamon, plus more for garnishnPut the pumpkin puree, yogurt, ice cubes, maple syrup, vinegar, ginger and cinnamon into a blender. Blend until very smooth. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of water if needed to adjust consistency. Pour into a glass and dust with cinnamon., ingredients: [12 cup pure pumpkin puree, 12 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 34 cup ice cubes, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 12inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated], title: PumpkinGinger Smoothie, picturelink: QLOmDq9Fa3ShcjvRgPTT67M2qMWyOre}, 8723: {instructions: Separate the pods from the stalks. Place bean pods in a large bowl. Sprinkle generously with salt, rub vigorously, and let stand 15 minutes. Bring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil, add the beans and boil over high heat for 5 to 6 minutes. For a firmer bean, decrease the cooking time. Dont cover the pot or the beans will lose their bright green color. When ready, drain beans and serve hot or at room temperature. To eat as finger food, serve the beans in baskets or bowls. Squeeze the pods with your fingers to press the beans into your mouth and discard the pods., ingredients: [12 pound young green soybeans about 4 cups of pods, fresh or frozen, 2 tablespoons salt], title: Edamame Cooked Fresh Soybeans, picturelink: null}, 8724: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a saute pan over high heat, add the oil and allow to heat. Then add the sausage and cook for 2 minutes, stirring throughout the process. Next, add the celery and onions, again cooking for 2 minutes. Then deglaze the pan with the wine. Next, add the lemon juice, then the clams, breadcrumbs and parsley. Cook for 2 minutes, and then remove from the heat. Next, stuff the clam shells loosely with the prepared stuffing. Place in the oven and cook for 8 to 10 minutes.nDuring cooking, prepare the sauce. In a bowl, whisk together the butter and hot sauce, mixing well. After cooking the clams, finish with the prepared butter sauce and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 ounces Italian sausage, 16 cup smalldiced celery, 16 cup smalldiced red onion, 14 cup white wine, Juice of 1 lemon, 24 small clams, raw and diced, shells reserved, 14 cup breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon hot sauce], title: Sausage and Herb Stuffed Clams, picturelink: NhhxGLhWoKEkrTFI9ewzqBHJ2SMeT.O}, 8725: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine egg, corn muffin mix, milk and 1 seasoning packet. In a separate shallow dish, mix second seasoning packet and flour. Insert wooden skewers half way into hot dogs.nHeat oil to 360 degrees F in a deepfryer. Dredge each beef frank in flour seasoning mix, dust off excess then dip into cornmeal batter. Fry 2 to 3 corn dogs at a time for about 3 minutes or until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 egg, 1 10ounce package corn muffin mix, 34 cup milk, 2 packets spaghetti sauce spice seasoning mix, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 reducedfat beef hot dogs, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 wooden skewers], title: Corn Dogs, picturelink: null}, 8726: {instructions: For the greens: Cook the bacon over medium heat in a large skillet until browned, about 6 minutes. Add the onion, garlic, oregano, salt, pepper flakes and tomato, and cook until vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the kale and 1 12 cups broth, cover, cook until wilted, about 8 minutes. Stir in 14 cup broth and vinegar, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the pork: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the Cajun spice, 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, and salt to make paste. Rub the pork with spice paste. Heat a skillet over mediumhigh. Add the remaining olive oil and sear the pork, turning until all sides are golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes total. Roast until an instantread thermometer inserted into the meat registers 150 degrees F, about 10 to 12 minutes. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest on a cutting board. Deglaze the pan with 12 cup chicken broth. Reduce a little and swirl in 2 tablespoons butter. Thinly slice the pork, divide among 4 plates. Drizzle with pan sauce and serve with the greens and dinner rolls or biscuits.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [3 slices bacon, thinly sliced, 1 small red onion, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch red pepper flakes, 8 cups kale, roughly chopped, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, plus 14 cup, 1 large tomato, diced, 2 teaspoons cider vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons Cajun spice blend, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 pork tenderloins about 14 ounces each, each halved crosswise, 12 cup chicken stock, Storebought dinner rolls or biscuits], title: Cajun Pork Tenderloin with Braised Greens, picturelink: null}, 8727: {instructions: Toss cooked spinach tortellini, grape tomatoes and mini mozzarella balls with pesto, olive oil, salt and pepper. Thread onto skewers., ingredients: [], title: Tortellini Kebabs, picturelink: jinVTvilmJSzYfv6Lc2zzrgEfSejOFe}, 8728: {instructions: Make the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with liners. Combine the butter, 23 cup condensed milk, the granulated sugar, egg, vanilla and salt in a food processor. Process until smooth and slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Add the flour, baking powder and baking soda and pulse a few times until blended. Drizzle in 14 cup whole milk, pulsing a few times, until smooth.nDivide the batter among the prepared muffin cups, filling each about threequarters of the way sprinkle the mini chocolate chips on top. Bake until the tops of the cupcakes are golden and spring back when lightly pressed, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes in the pan, then transfer to a rack. Poke the warm cupcakes all over with a toothpick. Mix the remaining 2 tablespoons each condensed milk and whole milk brush evenly over the warm cupcakes. Let cool completely.nMake the frosting: Put the milk chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl and microwave in 30second intervals, stirring, until smooth. Let cool slightly. Combine the butter, melted chocolate, 14 cup condensed milk and the salt in a food processor and process until smooth, scraping down the sides occasionally. Add the confectioners sugar and process until smooth, about 1 more minute. Transfer to a bowl and refrigerate until firm but still spreadable, about 20 minutes.nSpread the frosting on the cupcakes, making a small well in the middle fill each with 12 to 34 teaspoon condensed milk. Top with cookies.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup plus 2 tablespoons sweetened condensed milk, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons whole milk, 2 tablespoons mini chocolate chips, 6 ounces milk chocolate, chopped, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup sweetened condensed milk, plus more for topping, Pinch of salt, 34 cup confectioners sugar, Mini chocolate chip cookies, for topping], title: MilkandCookies Cupcakes, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 8729: {instructions: Mix all ingredients in a gallon pitcher or punch bowl. Let flavors blend for several hours. Serve over plenty of ice., ingredients: [4 bottles dry red wine, 1 cup brandy, 12 cup sugar, 2 oranges, sliced with rind, 2 lemons, sliced with rind, 2 apples, sliced with skin, 1 honeydew melon, 2 cinnamon sticks], title: Sangria, picturelink: null}, 8730: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition a rack in the oven 3 inches from the broiler. Line a half sheet pan with aluminum foil and place the salmon on the pan.nPlace the sugar, zest, salt, and pepper into the bowl of a small food processor and process for 1 minute or until well combined. Evenly spread the mixture onto the salmon and allow to sit for 45 minutes, at room temperature.nTurn the oven on to the high broiler setting for 2 minutes. After 2 minutes, place the salmon into the oven and broil for 6 to 8 minutes or until the thickest part of the fish reaches an internal temperature of 131 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove the salmon from the oven and allow to rest, uncovered, for 8 to 10 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 side, skinon, sockeye salmon, 1 12 to 2 pounds, pin bones removed, 13 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon zest, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Broiled Sockeye Salmon with Citrus Glaze, picturelink: hMJkK3WAzehyy4HMuqFhh09A.frCX9C}, 8731: {instructions: Pour the oil into a deep, heavy bottomed pot and heat to 350 degrees F.nMake the breading mixture by combining the breadcrumbs, and Parmesan in a medium bowl. Mix to blend. In another bowl, whisk together the eggs and the splash of water.nPlace the zucchini in a large bowl and season with salt. Toss to blend. Sprinkle lightly with flour use a sieve to dredge then toss to coat evenly  this will help the breading to stick. Submerge the zucchini in the eggs. Remove the pieces, 1 by 1, shaking off excess egg and them roll them in the breadcrumb mixture until they are coated on all sides. Transfer to a platter or baking sheet.nWhen the oil comes up to temperature, test the oil by dropping in one piece of zucchini. It should rise to the surface fairly quickly, begin the bubble and fry gradually. Prepare a baking sheet fitted with a kitchen towel and a slotted spoon or, alternatively, a spider to remove the zucchini from the oil. Drop a few pieces of zucchini into the oil and gently swirl the oil as they fry. This swirling will allow the zucchini to move around a lot, assuring they fry more evenly on all sides. When they are light to medium brown, remove them with the spoon and lay them out on the kitchen towel to cool. Sprinkle with a touch of salt and paprika. Repeat.nServe immediately with lemon wedges., ingredients: [4 cups canola oil, 1 cup toasted Italian breadcrumbs, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 3 eggs, 1 splash cold water, 4 medium zucchini, washed, dried, ends trimmed, cut, lengthwise, into 10 wedges like pickles, 2 cups flour, for dredging, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon paprika, for dusting, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Fried Zucchini, picturelink: OON8hYFLjQCyqYk7TGhDCPRwA3j20VK}, 8732: {instructions: Fill a large pot with about 2 inches of water. Add 1 tablespoon salt and bring to a boil. Add the lobsters, cover and cook until the shells are bright red, about 10 minutes. Remove to a colander using tongs, then rinse under cold water to cool slightly.nRemove the meat from each lobster: Twist off the claws and tail. Remove the flippers at the end of the tail and insert your thumb to force out the meat. Crack the claws with the flat side of a knife or a lobster cracker remove the meat. Roughly chop the lobster meat, transfer to a bowl and chill 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lay the bacon on a foillined baking sheet and bake until browned and crisp, about 15 minutes drain on paper towels. Combine the mayonnaise, chopped celery, basil and lemon juice in a large bowl set aside.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat add the buns and toast about 2 minutes per side. Spread about 1 tablespoon of the herbed mayonnaise in each roll. Stir the lobster meat into the remaining mayonnaise and season with salt and pepper. Fill each roll with a lettuce leaf, 1 slice of bacon, some lobster salad and a few tomato slices. Sprinkle with the celery leaves and chives. Crumble the remaining bacon slice and sprinkle on top.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 live lobsters 1 14 to 1 12 pounds each, 5 slices bacon, 13 cup mayonnaise, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, plus 1 tablespoon chopped celery leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 topsplit hot dog buns, Freshly ground pepper, 4 leaves Boston or Bibb lettuce, 1 tomato, halved and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives], title: BLT Lobster Rolls, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 8733: {instructions: Pat the pineapple shells dry with paper towels and freeze them, wrapped well in plastic wrap, for 1 hour. Pack the shells with the ice cream, mounding the ice cream and smoothing the surface, and freeze the filled pineapples, covered with plastic wrap, for at least 4 hours or up to 24 hours. In a metal bowl combine the egg whites and the granulated sugar, set the bowl over a pan of simmering water, and stir the mixture is dissolved. Remove the bowl from the heat and with an electric mixer beat the meringue until it holds stiff glossy peaks. Working quickly, cover the ice cream in each pineapple with a smooth layer of meringue. Transfer the remaining meringue to a pastry bag fitted with a small star tip and pipe it decoratively over the pineapples. Sift the confectioners sugar lightly over the meringue, broil the pineapples in batches if necessary on a baking sheet under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 30 seconds to 1 minute, or until the meringue is golden, and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 miniature pineapples each about 1 14 pounds or 2 3pound pineapples, halved lengthwise, cored, and the flesh cut out and reserved for pineapple icecream, leaving 14inch thick shells, About 2 quarts pineapple ice cream or sorbet, 4 large egg whites, at room temperature, 23 cup granulated sugar, Confectioners sugar, for sifting over the meringue], title: Pineapple Filled with Pineapple Ice Cream and Meringue, picturelink: null}, 8734: {instructions: Mix the pork, sausage, egg, scallions, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper and about threequarters of the crushed gingersnaps in a large bowl with a spoon or your hands until combined refrigerate 1 hour. Dampen your hands and form the mixture into about 20 meatballs, 34 inch each.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Add the olive oil to a large castiron skillet or Dutch oven and swirl to coat. Add the meatballs in a single layer and top with the onion, garlic and poblano. Sprinkle with the chili powder. Bake until the meatballs are firm and the vegetables start softening, about 8 minutes.nAdd the tomatoes to the skillet along with the Worcestershire sauce, brown sugar, the remaining gingersnaps, the chicken broth, hot sauce and 1 cup water. Stir gently, carefully loosening the meatballs from the pan and mixing them into the sauce. Return to the oven and bake until the meatballs are tender and the sauce thickens, about 40 more minutes.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [12 pound ground pork, 12 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 3 scallions, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups finely crushed gingersnaps about 20 cookies, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 large sweet onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 poblano chile pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 14ounce can fireroasted diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 teaspoons packed light brown sugar, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon chipotle hot sauce], title: Chipotle Pork Meatballs, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 8735: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the cream in a heatproof bowl and set the bowl over a pan of simmering water. Cook until heated through. Using a wire whisk, slowly stir the white chocolate into the warm cream until completely melted. Whisk in the Baileys and vanilla. Cover and chill for one hour or until pliable but firm enough to scoop.nWith two teaspoons or a 1 14inch ice cream scoop, make dollops of the chocolate mixture and place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Refrigerate for about 15 minutes, until firm enough to roll into rough spheres.nMelt the bittersweet chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a pot of simmering water.nDrizzle the melted bittersweet chocolate over the truffles. Chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [14 cup heavy cream, 7 ounces good white chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons Baileys liqueur, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 6 ounces bittersweet or dark chocolate, chopped], title: Chocolate Truffles, picturelink: VF3TKYGSgHJ0uFtudMgVSw90cWEnXm}, 8736: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Lay the bread slices in one layer its OK if they overlap a little on a baking sheet. Bake the slices to dry them out a little for 6 minutes, then flip and bake for 6 minutes more. Set aside to cool. Reduce the oven temperature to 200 degrees F.nWhisk together the eggs, halfandhalf, granulated sugar, cinnamon, vanilla and salt in a large casserole dish.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over mediumlow to medium heat. Place 2 slices of bread in the egg mixture. Let the bread completely soak in the egg mixture on both sides, about 30 seconds to 1 minute total, checking after 15 seconds. Bread should feel heavy and soaked through but hold its shape without breaking apart. Melt a tablespoon of butter in the skillet and add the 2 soaked slices cook until the outside is golden brown and crisp and the inside is cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes per side. You will need to watch and adjust the temperature between medium and mediumlow if the bread is browning too quickly or not browning fast enough. Keep finished French toast slices warm on a rack nested in a rimmed baking sheet in the oven. Repeat with the remaining slices.nServe with a dusting of confectioners sugar and drizzle of maple syrup., ingredients: [8 slices Texas Toast or other 34inchsliced white bread, 8 large eggs, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 tablespoons butter, Confectioners sugar, for serving, Maple syrup, for serving], title: Classic French Toast, picturelink: caSqm4UVTG1munUoHG82AgTq.acLE2}, 8737: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCore the apples. Using a paring knife, score a ring around the midriff of each apple, just cutting through the skin to prevent the apples from bursting during baking. Stuff the apples with the figs and almonds. Set on a baking sheet, and bake until puffed up and soft all the way through, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, put the sugar in a saucepan with a spoonful of water, and boil to a golden caramel, about 5 minutes, depending on how much water youve added. Do not stir the sugar with a spoon, gently swirl the saucepan over the heat until the desired color. You want a nice rich caramel color, but dont let it get too dark.nServe the baked apples warm from the oven with the sauce poured over and with a generous slump of cinnamon whipped cream or creme fraiche on the side., ingredients: [6 medium baking apples, such as Boskop, Braeburn, Fuji, or Gala, 4 to 6 dried figs, 14 cup chopped almonds, toasted, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon heavy cream or creme fraiche, Juice of 1 lemon, Serving suggestion: cinnamon whipped cream or creme fraiche], title: Baked Apples with Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 8738: {instructions: Special equipment: Food processor Shallow baking sheet and roasting rack wooden tooth picksnFor the bread crumbs: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Tear the bread into pieces leave the crusts on and place in the bowl of your food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until of fine crumb consistency see note. Measure your bread crumbs 3 generous cups and place on a shallow baking sheet. Place in the oven and set your timer for 10 minutes. When the timer goes off, check the crumbs. They should feel dry with a light golden color. If still soft, swish them around to redistribute and place back into the oven for a few minutes and check again but dont allow them to scorch. Remove from the oven and pour the crumbs into a bowl. Note: Generally, between 5 and 6 slices of bread will yield 1 cup of crumbs.nTo prepare the stuffing: Melt 3 tablespoons butter in an 8inch skillet over medium heat. When the butter is hot and bubbling, stir in the minced onions, celery and garlic. Saute the vegetables until softened and fragrant 3minutes. Stir in the minced water chestnuts and thyme. Cook gently for one more minute just to release the flavor of the thyme. Stir in the parsley and remove from the stove. Pour the contents of the skillet into the bowl with the crumbs and fold together to combine. Replace the skillet to the stove over medium heat and melt 2 more tablespoons of butter. When hot, add the chicken livers in a single layer and sear on both sides until golden. Reduce the flame, cover and simmer for 2 minutes just to cook through. Avoid overcooking the liver. They should retain pinkness in the center. Uncover the skillet, raise the heat and cook just a bit to caramelize the bits of onion and liver that cling to the bottom of the skillet. Remove the livers to a cutting surface and allow them to cool slightly. Meanwhile, pour the butter out of the skillet but do not wipe out the interior. Place the skillet back over medium heat and pour in the chicken stock. Bring the stock to a boil and reduce by 12 as you occasionally scrape any bits of caramelized liver and vegetables up off the bottom of the pan. While the stock reduces, chop the chicken livers into small but still textural pieces making sure they dont become pastelike. Fold into the bowl of crumbs. When not more than 12 cup of stock remains in the skillet, remove from the stove and swirl in the remaining 3 tablespoons butter. Pour the reduced and concentrated stockbutter mixture into the bowl of crumbs and when just warm, stir in the beaten egg. Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nTo work with bacon: Lift small walnut sized portions of the stuffing mixture and gently squeeze to help the crumbs bind together. Roll each portion into a ball and place on a tray. Cut your packages of bacon in half widthwise using sharp kitchen shears. Take two pieces of bacon equal to 1 whole piece and lay them in a crisscross on your work surface. Continue assembling as many pairs of bacon strips as can comfortably fit on your work surface. To assemble bacon rolls: Brush the exposed facing up side of the bacon lightly with some maple syrup. Take one ball of stuffing and place in the center where the two pieces of bacon cross and overlap. Wrap the exposed bacon around the stuffing alternating with the bottom, side, top and side strips. Secure the roll with one or two tooth picks. If not baking right away, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until needed. To roast: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Place the stuffed bacon rolls on a roasting rack that sits over a shallow baking sheet. Roast them in a preheated oven until crisp and piping hot throughout, about 30 to 35 minutes see TimeManagement Tip. Serve hot or at least warm., ingredients: [3 generous cups fresh bread crumbs Use all white or a combination of white, soft rye and or whole wheat., 1 stick butter, 34 cup minced yellow onion, 13 cup minced celery, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 13 cup minced water chestnuts, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves or use 12 teaspoon crumbled aromatic dried thyme, 14 cup chopped flat leaf Italian parsley, 12 pound fresh chicken livers, rinsed well, drained, with any connective tissue cut away and the livers dried gently with paper towel, 1 cup rich, well seasoned Chicken Stock or doctored canned broth, 1 extralarge egg, lightly beaten, Salt to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup pure maple syrup approximately, 2 12 pounds thin sliced packaged bacon, To secure the bacon rolls: wooden tooth picks], title: Maple Roasted Stuffed Bacon Rolls, picturelink: null}, 8739: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nOn a work surface, roll the puff pastry into a roughly 10 by 16inch rectangle. With a sharp knife, trim uneven edges to make a perfect rectangle. Evenly cut off the outer 1 inch of each side of the rectangle in strips put the puff sheet on the baking sheet. Dip your finger in water and run around the top edges of the rectangle and replace the removed strips of pastry along the edges of the sheet, pressing lightly to adhere. With a fork, pierce the interior of the tart shell to prevent rising do not pierce the adhered edges. Bake until the outer edges have puffed and are golden in color about 15 minutes. Set aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add onions and thyme sprigs and season well with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions begin to brown. Add the stock, a tablespoon at a time, as the pan gets dry, scraping and stirring the brown bits that are stuck to the bottom oft the pan. When the onions are caramelized to a dark golden color, remove from the heat and discard the leafless thyme sprigs the leaves fall off while cooking.nWhen ready to serve, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Evenly spread the caramelized onions on the cooked pastry shell and heat in the oven until warmed through, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from oven, to a cutting board and cut into wedges. Arrange on a serving platter and garnish each wedge with a sprig of fresh thyme. Serve immediately and enjoy, ingredients: [1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed in refrigerator, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 large Vidalia onions or other sweet variety, thinly sliced, 4 thyme sprigs, plus more for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 13 cup good quality beef stock], title: French Onion Tart, picturelink: VvXQ1nVmyIlDdAxVag8nNyf2ge5rvUG}, 8740: {instructions: Pour a little bit of dry vermouth in a chilled martini glass and swirl toncoat the inside of the glass. Dispose of excess vermouth. In a shaker full of ice,ngently swirl or stir the vodka before straining into glass.nServing suggestion:Garnish with olives or lemon twist and add rocks if you like, ingredients: [Dry Vermouth, 2 ounces vodka, chilled], title: The Classic Martini, picturelink: null}, 8741: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the potatoes in a large pot and cover with water by 2 inches. Salt well and bring the water to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook the potatoes until soft, about 15 minutes. Drain the potatoes, reserving 1 cup of water in a separate bowl. Return the pot to the stove top over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and fry until crisp, then remove it to a paper towel lined plate.nCarefully remove all but 3 tablespoons of bacon fat and return the pot to the heat. Add the garlic, scallions, jalapenos, paprika, salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Cook over medium heat until the scallions and jalapenos are tender, about 3 minutes. Add the flour, and stir until the vegetables are evenly coated, about 2 minutes. Stir in the sugar, vinegar and reserved 1 cup of water. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer until thickened and slightly reduced, about 3 minutes. Stir in the potatoes and the crispy bacon. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [4 pounds red potatoes, washed and cut into 2inch cubes, Kosher salt, 6 strips bacon, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 scallions, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped pickled jalapenos, 12 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup white wine vinegar], title: Tangy Tater Salad, picturelink: 5AlBbtfMv1WGir7pyk47.8k8iXKde1.}, 8742: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLightly butter an 8inch square baking dish and arrange 4 slices of the bread flat on the bottom. Cover each with equal amounts of cheese and ham, if desired. Top with the remaining bread.nBeat the eggs lightly in a small bowl and pour in the milk. Season with the salt and blend well. Pour over the sandwiches, cover and refrigerate for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the sandwiches, uncovered, until lightly browned around the edges and set in the center, 40 to 45 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [8 slices homemadestyle white bread, 3 to 4 inches square, crusts removed, 14 pound thinly sliced cheese Muenster, provolone, fontina or Gruyere, 2 ounces prosciutto or boiled ham, thinly sliced, optional, 3 large eggs, 2 cups whole milk, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Cheese Sandwich Souffle, picturelink: 12NcNQ2I1JKhVIkMeOrJ07ol19hY8CW}, 8743: {instructions: Special equipment: Small paintbrushnFor the antennae: Unroll the licorice and cut into twelve 1 14inchlong pieces. Separate the two strands from each other, leaving them attached at one end. Roll 2 small 14inch balls of yellow fondant for each pair of antennae and attach to the separated ends of the licorice. Enclose the remaining fondant in plastic wrap so it does not dry out. Repeat with the remaining pairs of antennae. Set aside to dry.nFor the legs: Cut more licorice into 2 12inch segments. Separate the strands from each other to make 72 legs. Roll 72 small 14inch balls of yellow fondant to make a foot for each leg. Attach a foot to the end of each leg. Set all the legs aside to dry.nFor the bodies: Shape about 2 teaspoons of red fondant into a ladybug body the size of a small walnut. Make a line in the back of the body with a small knife. Roll a small ball of black fondant about 34 inch in diameter for the head. Attach a pair of antennae by sticking the licorice into the head. Using a small brush with a little water, moisten the front of the head and attach 2 yellow sprinkles for eyes.nRoll enough 14inch balls of black fondant for spots and flatten them slightly. Moisten the backs of the ladybugs and attach the black spots. Attach 3 legs to each side of the body by pressing them in. Use a skewer to make holes to help guide, if needed.nTo assemble: Attach each head to a body by brushing the surface of the body with a little water and gently pressing the head on to adhere. Add pupils to the eyes by dipping a skewer into the melted chocolate and making small dots on the yellow sprinkles.nFrost each cupcake with about 2 tablespoons buttercream. Place the ladybug in the middle and press gently into the frosting. Repeat with the remaining elements., ingredients: [Black licorice spirals, such as Haribo for the antennae, About 2 ounces yellowtinted fondant for the antennae tips and legs, About 4 ounces redtinted fondant for the bodies, About 2 ounces blacktinted fondant for the head and spots, 24 yellow flat round sprinkles for the eyes, 1 tablespoon semisweet chocolate chips for the pupils, 12 GoTo Vanilla Cupcakes, 1 12 cups Vanilla American Buttercream, tinted green], title: Ladybug Cupcakes, picturelink: d5obY6wEsjrtZ7iEHLH4Yb4.CFOnWS}, 8744: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F for metal or glass pans, 325 degrees F for dark or coated pans. Grease sides and bottom of 2 9 round pans with shortening. Flour lightly.nBlend dry mix, water, oil and eggs in large bowl at low speed until moistened about 30 seconds. Beat at medium speed for 2 minutes. Pour batter in pans and bake immediately.nBake 9 round pans for 3033 minutes. Add 35 minutes to bake time for dark or coated pans. Cake is done when toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.nCool in pan on wire rack for 15 minutes. Cool completely before frosting.nGarnish with white chocolate, and enjoyndocument.writeunescape3Cscript src  document.location.protocol  https:  https:sb : http:b  .scorecardresearch.combeacon.jsc13c26035648c34900c4602c5700c6 3E3Cscript3E, ingredients: [1 pkg Duncan Hinesu00ae Red Velvet Cake Mix, 1 14 cup water, 13 cup vegetable oil, 3 large eggs, 1 tub Duncan Hinesu00ae Creamy HomeStyle Cream Cheese Frosting, White chocolate for garnish], title: Red Velvet Cake, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 8745: {instructions: Special equipment: 24 bamboo skewers, soaked in water 20 minutesnHeat the canola oil in a large skillet over high heat.nToss the beef strips and marinade with the cornstarch. Add the onions to the skillet and cook 2 minutes. Add the beef and marinade and cook 2 minutes. Add the cabbage and cook until the cabbage has softened and the beef is cooked, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and serve over top of the rice. Garnish with chopped scallions.nSlice the beef against the grain into 12inch wide strips and place into a large resealable bag. In a bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, oil, lime juice, brown sugar, garlic and ginger. Pour the marinade into the bag over the beef. Seal the bag and toss to coat completely. Place the bag into a large bowl and put into the refrigerator to marinate for at least 1 hour or as long as overnight.nTo serve: Preheat a grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Thread 24 of the beef strips onto the skewers. Oil the grill gates and place the beef on the grill. If desired, reserve the remaining beef strips and marinade for another use, such as Round 2 Recipe Beef and Cabbage Stir Fry. Cook the skewers 2 to 3 minute per side. Remove from the heat, place on a serving platter and sprinkle with the scallions. Serve immediately. Yield: 24 skewers., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 8 ounces beef strips and marinade, from Beef Satay, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, l medium onion, cut into 1inch pieces, 14 head red cabbage, thinly sliced, 3 cups cooked white rice, 1 scallion, chopped, for garnish, 2 12 pounds top round or London broil, 12 cup light soy sauce, 14 cup canola oil, plus more for grill, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 4 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Round 2 Recipe  Beef and Cabbage Stir Fry, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 8746: {instructions: Combine turkey scallops in a mixing bowl with oil, salt and pepper. Heat the grill or dry castiron pan over high heat until smoking. Sear the turkey slices about 1 minute per side. Transfer to a cutting board. Chop into 12 inch strips and reserve in a bowl with the juices from the board.nTo make tacos, toast the tortillas. For each serving, stack 2 tortillas and spread with a layer of black beans. Top with seared turkey strips, a tablespoon each of salsa and pickled shallots, and avocado slices. Roll and serve hot., ingredients: [1 pound turkey scallops, 2 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 4 corn tortillas, 1 cup refried black beans, 14 cup red salsa, 14 cup pickled shallots, 1 avocado, sliced], title: Turkey Tacos, picturelink: null}, 8747: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the mango, lime juice, sugar syrup and rum in a blender and process until smooth.nPour the mixture over a glass full of crushed ice.nNote: To make sugar syrup, heat 1 cup sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan until the sugar dissolves., ingredients: [1 ripe mango, peeled, seeded and chopped, 14 cup lime juice 2 limes, 1 teaspoon sugar syrup, 34 cup white rum, Crushed Ice], title: Mango Daiquiris, picturelink: SXni0ZtF7yhAZtdRB9B5QZX5nopUoDq}, 8748: {instructions: Preheat grill over mediumhigh heat.nPlace the meat in a bowl and add the cheese. Peel the onion and halve it, if using the medium onion. Grate about 3 to 4 tablespoons of onion directly over the meat into the bowl. Finely chop the remaining onion and reserve for topping. Add spices to meat: paprika, cumin and about 1 tablespoon of grill seasoning andor some salt and pepper. Add garlic, parsley and Worcestershire and beer then form 4 large patties making them a little thinner at the center than at edges. Burgers plump when you cook them so this will prevent burger bulge. Drizzle a little olive oil over the burgers then grill about 4 minutes on each side for medium rare, 5 minutes on each side for medium and 6 to 7 minutes on each side for well done.nMix mustard and sour cream with dill.nServe patties on bun bottoms and top with lettuce, pickles, chopped raw onion. Slather bun tops with sauce and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds lean ground sirloin, 13 pound smoked Gouda cheese, diced into 14 to 12inch cubes, 1 medium onion or 12 large onion, 2 teaspoons smoked sweet paprika, 23 palm full, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 13 palm full, Grill seasoning recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped, Generous handful finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 12ounce bottle beer, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 12 cup spicy brown mustard, 14 to 13 cup sour cream, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill or 1 teaspoon dried dill, 4 crusty Kaiser rolls, split and lightly toasted, Green or red leaf lettuce, for topping, Sliced sweet bread and butter pickles, for topping], title: Smoky Beer Burgers with Creamy Mustard Sauce, picturelink: 2tvlHdVITKS7TGn9cHjOnww8MswyqPm}, 8749: {instructions: Break down the squash. Cut the stem end off the squash, then use a vegetable peeler to remove the skin. Slice in half lengthwise. Scoop out the seeds and stringy pulp from one half. Reserve the other half for another use. Slice the squash lengthwise about 12 inch thick, then slice crosswise into 12inch cubes.nCook the squash. Bring the stock to a boil in a saucepan, then reduce the heat and keep at a simmer. Melt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the squash cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly golden, about 5 minutes. Add 14 cup water and cook until the squash is tender, 10 to 15 more minutes. Use a wooden spoon to partially mash the squash, pressing it against the side of the pan.nMake the risotto. Stir in the rice and season with salt and pepper. Add a ladleful of hot stock to the rice and cook, stirring, until absorbed. Dont add too much stock at once, and make sure it is hot otherwise, it will stop the cooking process. Continue adding stock, a ladleful at a time, stirring until absorbed before adding more.nAbout halfway through, add more salt and pepper to taste. The entire cooking process takes about 20 minutes start tasting for doneness after about 15 minutes. If youve used all of the stock and the rice is not yet al dente, heat a few cups of water and add ladlefuls as you did with the stock until the dish is done. The risotto is done when you can drag the spoon through the center of the pan and make a clean line in the rice for a few seconds. Season with more salt and pepper to taste, if needed.nServe the risotto. Transfer to serving bowls or a platter and top with Parmesan and parsley. Never leave finished risotto in the panit will keep cooking into a mush.nPhotograph by The Ingalls, ingredients: [1 small butternut squash, 6 cups vegetable stock, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter or extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups risotto rice Gabriele prefers carnaroli, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese, for topping, Chopped fresh parsley, for topping], title: Butternut Squash Risotto, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 8750: {instructions: Rinse the chicken legs and pat dry with paper towels. In a shallow dish or plastic bag, combine the sake, 14 cup soy sauce, oil, ginger, garlic, and half the scallions. Add the chicken legs, cover, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly grease a baking sheet with peanut oil. Place panko bread crumbs in a large plastic or paper bag, season with salt and pepper, and shake well to combine. Take 2 or 3 chicken legs at a time from the marinade and shake them in the seasoned bread crumbs until well coated. Place the breaded chicken legs on a baking sheet. Bake for 15 minutes, turn the pieces over, and bake for 15 minutes more or until cooked through. Remove chicken to a wire rack to cool.nMake the sauce by whisking hoisin, chili sauce, vinegar, and remaining 1 teaspoon soy sauce together. Place chicken legs in a single layer on a platter, drizzle with sauce and scatter over the crushed peanuts and remaining scallions. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 chicken legs, 14 cup sake, 14 cup low sodium soy sauce, plus 1 teaspoon, 14 cup peanut oil, plus more for greasing baking sheet, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, minced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 4 scallions, sliced thin, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon red chili sauce, such as Srirachi Hot Chili Sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 14 cup roasted peanuts, crushed], title: Panko Crusted Chicken Legs, picturelink: null}, 8751: {instructions: Place some the dressing in a large bowl and gently toss the watercress with the dressing, lightly shaking off excess. Remove to a serving dish. Toss the chayote with some dressing and add on top of the watercress. Repeat this process with the papaya, and then the avocado, tossing them in the remaining dressing. Season with salt and pepper and top with fried plaintain slivers.nIn a glass jar with a tightfitting lid, add all the ingredients and shake vigorously to blend. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [Tropical Dressing, recipe follows, 1 bunch watercress, cleaned, 2 chayotes, cooked and diced into 1inch cubes, 1 cup ripe papaya, diced into 12inch cubes, 1 cup ripe avocado into 12inch cubes, Salt and pepper, 12 cup deepfried green plantain slivers, for garnish, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 4 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and pepper], title: Watercress, Chayote, Papaya, and Avocado Salad, picturelink: aJvhDUtBsniWHzaixKixduZghc8dOa}, 8752: {instructions: Microwave lemon and lime in a small bowl to release essential oils and set aside until they are cool enough to handle.nAdd soy sauce and vinegar to blender, replace lid and turn on blender. Through the feed opening add, 1 at a time, the garlic, ground cloves, rosemary, thyme, and black pepper. Halve lemon and lime and leaving the blender running, squeeze juice from each through the feed opening.nPlace flank steak in a nonreactive container, add marinade and coat steak. Pour barbecue sauce over and spread to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours.nHeat grill and sear each side of steak. Cook to your desired level of doneness and transfer to a cutting board to let rest for 5 minutes.nHeat grapeseed oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and saute until translucent, then add mushrooms and saute until they begin to give up their juices. Add red wine and allow most of it to evaporate. In a small bowl, whisk together water and beef base and add to pan. Allow to reduce by half. Season with salt and pepper to taste, remove from heat and keep warm.nSlice steak on the bias into 14inch thick strips and arrange on plate. Spoon mushroom onion sauce over., ingredients: [1 fresh lemon, 1 fresh lime, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 3 garlic cloves, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and quartered, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, stripped from about 2 or 3 sprigs, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, stripped from 3 or 4 sprigs, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 2 pounds flank steak, 12 cup barbecue sauce of your choice, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 red onion, minced, 1 cup white mushrooms about 3 ounces, cleaned and sliced, 1 cup dry red wine, 1 cup water, 1 teaspoon beef base, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mushroom Onion Flank Steak, picturelink: null}, 8753: {instructions: Combine all ingredients with ice in a cocktail shaker. Shake until well blended, then strain into a chilled martini glass. , ingredients: [1 ounce Three Olives chocolate vodka, 1 ounce Frangelico, 1 ounce coconut rum], title: Almond Joy Martini, picturelink: null}, 8754: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill.nIn a food processor, pulse together the garlic, sundried tomatoes, basil, cheeses, tomato paste, red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper. Process until blended. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl. Add the beef and, using a wooden spoon or clean hands, stir until combined. Form the mixture into 8 4inch diameter patties, each about 34inch thick. Grill each side until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Allow to rest for 5 minutes.nBrush the cut side of the rolls with olive oil and grill until lightly toasted, about 1 minute.nPlace the burgers on the bottom half of the rolls and add desired toppings. Add the top half of the rolls and serve.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill.nIn a food processor, pulse together the garlic, sundried tomatoes, basil, cheeses, tomato paste, red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper. Process until blended. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl. Add the beef and, using a wooden spoon or clean hands, stir until combined. Form the mixture into 8 4inch diameter patties, each about 34inch thick. Grill each side until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Allow to rest for 5 minutes.nBrush the cut side of the rolls with olive oil and grill until lightly toasted, about 1 minute.nPlace the burgers on the bottom half of the rolls and add desired toppings. Add the top half of the rolls and serve., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 14 cup 5 or 6 sundried tomatoes in oil, drained, 13 cup fresh basil leaves, packed, 13 cup shredded mozzarella, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 pounds ground sirloin beef, 8 sourdough rolls, halved lengthwise, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Topping suggestions: shredded cheese, fresh mozzarella cheese, fresh basil leaves, sliced tomatoes, marinara sauce, prosciutto, sliced olives, roasted red bell peppers, lettuce leaves, arugula, ketchup, pesto., 4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 14 cup 5 or 6 sundried tomatoes in oil, drained, 13 cup fresh basil leaves, packed, 13 cup shredded mozzarella, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 pounds ground sirloin beef, 8 sourdough rolls, halved lengthwise, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Topping suggestions: shredded cheese, fresh mozzarella cheese, fresh basil leaves, sliced tomatoes, marinara sauce, prosciutto, sliced olives, roasted red bell peppers, lettuce leaves, arugula, ketchup, pesto.], title: Burgers a la Pizzaiola, picturelink: fm2jQqprFKvTVbcGRcY.2lrhUMVgi}, 8755: {instructions: Make the tomato vodka: Cut each of the tomatoes into 8 pieces and put them in a large glass jar. Add the vodka, stir to combine and cover. Put in a cool, dark place for at least 5 days and up to 7 days, stirring every day. After 5 to 7 days, strain through a finemesh strainer and discard the solids. To store, pour the tomato vodka back into its original bottle and keep in a cool, dark place.nMake the Bloody Marys: Put the cherry tomatoes, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice and 12 teaspoon salt in a blender, cover and blend on high speed for 1 12 minutes. Fill an ice cube tray with about 2 cups of the juice freeze overnight. Pour the remaining juice into a lidded container and reserve on the counter overnight. Refrigeration will destroy these particular flavors and aromas.nJust before serving, put 3 frozen cubes in each of 4 Collins glasses and add 1 12 ounces tomato vodka to each glass. Stir the reserved juice, pour 4 ounces into each glass and serve immediately.nPhotograph by Christina HolmesnMake Altons tomato vodka ahead of time and keep it on hand: It infuses for at least 5 days., ingredients: [1 pound ripe tomatoes, 1 750ml bottle 80proof vodka, 1 34 pounds cherry or grape tomatoes, rinsed and dried, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 to 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, to taste, Kosher salt], title: Bloody Marys with Tomato Vodka, picturelink: zH5iB80P6u.1OXc0bO.1sWtHSgeVwhS}, 8756: {instructions: Place masa and salt in a mixing bowl. Slowly mix in water until you reach a doughy consistency. Using 1ounce from mixture, roll into a ball. By hand, slap the dough and form a tortilla about 5inches in diameter, 18inch thick. If you have a tortilla press, place 1 ounce masa ball and lightly press down and make a tortilla. Repeat with remaining mixture.nCombine the cheeses and set aside.nTo cook tortilla, place it on a griddle or comal that is about 250 degrees F. When tortilla is slightly brown, flip tortilla over and cook the other side. When both sides are almost done, place cheese mixture on 1 tortilla and cover with the other one, making a quesadilla. Cook until the cheese melts. Cut quesadilla into quarters and serve with chipotle salsa and a sprig of cilantro.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace tomatoes, onions and garlic in a small roasting pan. Coat with olive oil and roast until charred and blistered, about 25 minutes. Let cool. Place in blender with remaining ingredients. Do not puree, but leave a little chunky for texture., ingredients: [1 cup masa, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 cup warm water, 14 cup Monterey Jack, grated, 14 cup Cotija Blanco cheese, grated, Chipotle Salsa, recipe follows, Sprig cilantro, 4 Roma tomatoes, 14 cup diced onion, 4 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped chipotle peppers, 2 teaspoons sugar, 18 cup pineapple juice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 lime, juiced], title: Quesadillas con Queso, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 8757: {instructions: For the marinade: Puree all the ingredients, except the chicken wings, together in a food processor, and then add to the chicken wings. Marinate the wings for 24 hours.nFor the tamarind sauce: Mix all the ingredients into a mediumthick sauce. Refrigerate for 1 day to allow all the flavors to meld.nFor the lava sauce: In a small pot, heat the olive oil and saute the garlic until golden remove and cool. Add all the other ingredients, combine completely, and refrigerate.nPreheat the oil to 350 degrees F.nAdd the chicken wings to the oil and deep fry until they are crispy and golden, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oil and drain.nTransfer the wings to a hot wok and douse with Trini Tamarind Sauce. Saute the wings for 1 minute in the sauce, remove, and serve with your choice of veggies or sides. Drizzle with Lava Sauce for an extra punch of spicy goodness., ingredients: [13 cup fresh thyme leaves, 13 cup cloves garlic, 12 cup chopped scallions, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons Cajun seasoning, 12 cup vinegar, 4 pounds chicken wings, 2 cups tamarind pulp, see Cooks Note, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons pureed garlic, 1 12 tablespoons garam masala, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Habanero pepper, or red pepper flakes, 14 cup olive oil, 1 clove garlic, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons Secret Special 4 pepper blend, or your favorite, Canola or vegetable oil, for frying, Veggies or sides, for serving], title: Trini Tamarind Wings, picturelink: huHNcqUwTQrJP3oD.i9zLuJQLmaMxOS}, 8758: {instructions: Preheat the grill to medium.nAdd the mint, black olives, red onion and bread crumbs to a food processor. Pulse until well blended. In a large bowl, combine the olive mixture with the meat. Using your hands, mold the meat mixture into 6 burger patties and place on a hot, oiled grill. Grill the burgers for about 7 minutes per side for mediumrare.nToast the buns on the grill and build the burgers on a toasted bun with a little Cucumber Chile Salad. if desired. Serve.nAdd shallots, cucumber, garlic, ginger and chiles to a bowl and follow with rice vinegar. Toss to coat and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nYield: 6 servings, ingredients: [1 bunch fresh mint leaves, about 1 cup leaves, 1 cup pitted black olives, 12 red onion, quartered, 1 cup bread crumbs, 1 12 pounds ground lamb, 6 hamburger buns, CucumberChile Salad, optional, recipe follows, 3 shallots, finely sliced, 1 large cucumber, peeled, seeded, quartered and finely sliced, 2 garlic cloves, crushed and roughly chopped, 2 fresno chiles, red jalapenos, seeded and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely grated ginger, 4 tablespoons rice vinegar, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Minted Lamb Burgers, picturelink: null}, 8759: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the arugula, oranges and fennel. Add the olive oil and lemon juice and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper.nServe immediately., ingredients: [10 ounces arugula leaves, 2 oranges, segmented, 1 small bulb fennel, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Shaved Fennel Salad, picturelink: HyjTRk337cXZv0bq818Ko82D.OHiQDy}, 8760: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta shells and cook for half the cooking time on the package make sure not to overcook. Drain and rinse in cool water. Set aside.nIn a bowl, mix together the ricotta, Romano, parsley, basil, egg, some salt and pepper and half of the Parmesan. Stir until combined.nTo assemble, coat the bottom of a baking dish with some sauce. Fill each halfcooked shell with the cheese mixture and place facedown on the sauce. Repeat with the shells until the cheese mixture is gone. Top the shells with the remaining sauce. Sprinkle on the mozzarella and extra Parmesan.nBake until hot and bubbly, 25 minutes. Serve with crusty French bread., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces jumbo pasta shells, 30 ounces wholemilk ricotta cheese, 12 cup grated Romano cheese, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 12 leaves fresh basil, cut into chiffonade, 1 large egg, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces Parmesan, grated, 2 jars goodquality marinara sauce, 8 ounces mozzarella cheese, grated, Crusty French bread, for serving], title: Stuffed Shells, picturelink: 7eSq03E5MZSnFSpBaKIJhiz9fStaT0i}, 8761: {instructions: Gently muddle the raspberries in a pretty footed glass. Top with the ice cubes, coconut water, pineapple juice and rum. Stir gently and serve with the mint leaves., ingredients: [2 tablespoons frozen raspberries, 14 cup ice cubes, 3 ounces coconut water, 3 ounces pineapple juice, 1 ounce light rum, 2 fresh mint leaves], title: PineappleRaspberry Rum Refresher, picturelink: uidJjqaJ7.8ENhLjIdppRW0wosg0Dyq}, 8762: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nFilling: In a small saucepan, add the potato and enough cold water to cover. Add a generous pinch of salt and bring to a boil over medium heat, then reduce the heat and simmer until tender, 12 to 15 minutes.nIn a second small saucepan, bring 4 cups water to a simmer and add a generous pinch of salt, bay leaves, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, peppercorns, chili flakes, and chicken breast. Simmer until cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes.nMash the potato and finely shred the chicken and put into a large bowl. Combine with mango, lime juice, chipotle sauce, remaining coriander seeds, cumin, cilantro, and salt and pepper, to taste. Mixing with a spoon or your hands, until well incorporated. Taste for seasoning and adjust, if necessary. Set aside.nSamosas: Roll the puff pastry out slightly, to flatten the seams. Using a paring knife to trace a 7inch ring mold or bowl, cut the dough into 8 7inch wide rounds. Cut each into 2 semicircles.nPut a tablespoon or so of the filling in the center of a semicircle. Have a small bowl of water handy. Dip your finger in the water and run it along the edges of the semicircle. Arrange the samosas so the flat side is facing away from you. Grab the left corner and fold it over the dough in a triangular motion, so that this corner lands on the bottom right side of the filling. Do the same with the other corner.nSqueeze bottom shut, and fold over, sealing with water. If you like, seal using a fork. Repeat with remaining dough and filling. Arrange the 8 samosas on a lightly greased baking sheet.nIn a small bowl, whisk the egg and 1 teaspoon water with a fork until thoroughly combined. Brush the tops of the samosas with the egg wash.nBake for 15 minutes at 425 degrees F, then turn heat down to 375 degrees F and bake for 10 more minutes. You can flip them over just before you turn the heat down, if you like.nChutney: In a food processor, whiz together the mint, cilantro, ginger, lime juice and water until it all comes together as a sauce. Therell probably still be little bits of leaf in the sauce, but I like how those taste, so no worries. Pour the chutney into a bowl.nIn a small pan, over medium heat, warm the oil until it shimmers. Add mustard seeds they should sizzle. Immediately cover with a lid until they stop spluttering. Make sure they dont burn If they do, start over. No big deal. I do it all the time Immediately add the seeds and oil to the chutney. It will sizzle so stand back. Once youve poured in all of the oil, you can even spoon a little chutney into the pan cue sizzling again so that you pick up all that lovely oil. Pour into the bowl with the chutney.nServe samosas hot, with the chutney... and bask in gratitude for the great ideas we all come up with, for our sensitive taste buds and for the blessing of good friendsnIn large bowl, combine the flour, buttermilk, oil, salt and ajwain seeds. Bring the ingredients together until a dough forms. Knead until it has softened a bit, about 5 minutes. Allow to rest, at room temperature, for 15 minutes. You can put this in the refrigerator, but make sure you let it sit at room temperature for 20 minutes or so, in order for it to soften.nRoll the dough into a short cylinder. Slice in half, then slice each half into 2 pieces, so you have 4 bits. Roll each bit into a ball. Flatten the balls into discs then, on a floured surface, roll them into a 18inch thick, 7inch wide circles. Cut in half to form 2 semicircles., ingredients: [1 large russet potato, Water, Salt, 2 bay leaves, 1 12 teaspoons coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 3 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breast, 1 mango, peeled, pitted and finely diced, Juice of 12 lime, 5 tablespoons chipotle sauce, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, Big handful cilantro leaves, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 packages puff pastry, thawed, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon water, 1 cup mint leaves, 12 cup cilantro leaves and soft stems, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, chopped, 12 lime, juiced, plus more to taste, About 14 cup water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil or olive oil, 1 teaspoon brown mustard seeds, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup buttermilk, 14 cup vegetablecanola oil, Big pinch salt, 12 teaspoon ajwain seeds, optional], title: Baked Samosas with Mint Chutney, picturelink: nFCpPildQAgdg8dz1z39Cq6rM6N6.Bi}, 8763: {instructions: Special equipment: a lidded 16ounce heatsafe containernAdd the miso, chicken base, chiligarlic sauce and ginger to the bottom of a lidded 16ounce heatsafe container. Top with the rice vermicelli, chicken, mushrooms, peas and scallions. Secure the lid, and refrigerate until using, up to overnight.nWhen ready to eat, add 1 14 cups boiling water to the container, cover and let sit until the noodles soften, about 7 minutes. Uncover, and stir again to dissolve the miso., ingredients: [1 tablespoon yellow miso, 12 teaspoon chicken base see Cooks Note, 12 teaspoon chiligarlic sauce, such as sambal oelek, 18 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, Small handful brokenup dried rice vermicelli, 13 cup shredded rotisserie chicken, 2 shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded, caps sliced thinly, 6 snow peas or sugar snap peas, strings removed, sliced thinly on the bias, 1 scallion, greens only, thinly sliced], title: JustAddWater Miso Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: be.GUosrupzyzAJVWOerX8fxkUGBD5i}, 8764: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the milk in small saucepan set over medium heat. Add the chocolate chips and whisk until the chips melt and the mixture is smooth, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool for about 5 minutes. Pour the cooled chocolate mixture into a blender. Add 1 cup of the raspberries, the yogurt, almonds and ice cubes, and blend until smooth. Pour into glasses, garnish with the remaining 14 cup raspberries and serve., ingredients: [34 cup 1percent milk, 34 cup dark chocolate chips, 1 14 cups raspberries, 1 cup nonfat Greek yogurt, 34 cup sliced almonds, 4 whole ice cubes], title: Chocolate Stressbuster Smoothie, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 8765: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a Dutch oven or ovenproof pot over high heat. Add the broccolini and stirfry until just tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon. Add the sausage, onion and carrot to the pot and cook, breaking up the meat, until browned, about 5 more minutes. Add the rice and garlic and cook, stirring, 1 more minute. Add the wine to the pot and cook until evaporated, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth, tomatoes and 1 cup water cover and bring to a boil. Transfer the pot to the oven and bake until the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove the pot from the oven. Dont worry if the risotto seems wet it will thicken when you add the cheese. Vigorously stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and the cheese until creamy, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the broccolini and divide among bowls.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 bunch broccolini, roughly chopped about 8 ounces, 12 ounces sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 12 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 medium carrot, finely chopped, 1 cup arborio rice, 1 clove garlic, minced, 13 cup dry white wine, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 cup grated fontina cheese], title: Sausage and Broccolini Risotto, picturelink: lfIuLG8cO0QcoMl4q2r0VtIE8rOcHK}, 8766: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Remove the stems from the mushrooms and coarsely chop set aside. Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until slightly crisp, about 6 minutes. Add the chopped mushroom stems, celery, carrot, scallions and thyme and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables soften, about 2 minutes.nAdd the butter and let melt, then add the panko, parsley and parmesan continue to cook, stirring, until the panko is slightly golden, about 2 minutes. Stir in the hot sauce until combined. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly.nArrange the mushroom caps on a rimmed baking sheet. Fill each with about 12 teaspoon blue cheese, then mound the panko mixture on top. Bake until golden, about 15 minutes. Turn on the broiler broil until the tops are crisp, 1 to 2 minutes.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [3 10ounce packages white mushrooms, 4 slices bacon, finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 2 scallions, chopped, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup Buffalo hot sauce, 13 cup crumbled blue cheese about 1 12 ounces], title: Buffalo Stuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 8767: {instructions: Spoon 18 cup bran flakes into the bottom of 6 parfait glasses. Whip heavy cream until soft peaks form, and set aside briefly. In another bowl, use an electric mixer to whip together yogurt, honey, and cream cheese. Fold whipped cream into the cream cheeseyogurt mixture. Spoon 14 cup of the cream mixture on top of the bran flakes in each glass. In another bowl, combine, red and white grapes, and blueberries. Slice in bananas and squeeze lime juice on top to prevent oxidation. Gently fold in raspberries. Spoon 14 cup of the fruit over the cream in each glass. Then repeat with 14 cup layer of cream followed by another 14 cup layer of fruit. Spoon 18 cup hazelnut and chocolate paste on top of the second fruit layer and garnish with mint sprigs., ingredients: [34 cup bran flakes, divided, 12 pint 8ounces heavy cream, 1 8ounce container plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 23 cup seedless red grapes, halved, 23 cup seedless white grapes, halved, 23 cup blueberries, 2 bananas, 1 lime, 23 cup raspberries, 34 cup hazelnut and chocolate paste recommended: Nutella, 6 sprigs fresh mint], title: SixStory Fruit Yogurt Parfait, picturelink: PWaneIL1AoosdJlzYXqfgulSWwsM1q}, 8768: {instructions: In a blender, combine the eggs, milk, flour, sugar and salt. Blend until the mixture forms a smooth batter. Heat a 10inch nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Melt 1 cube of butter in the pan. Add 14 cup of batter and quickly tilt the pan to form an even coating of batter on the bottom of the pan. Cook for 1 minute, until set and slightly browned. Using a heatresistant spatula, carefully loosen the sides and gently flip the crepe over. Cook for 1 minute. Repeat with the remaining batter and butter, stacking the crepes on top of each other on a plate as they are ready. You should have 8 or 9 crepes total. Add 1 tablespoon of peanut butter to each crepe and, using the back of a spoon, spread evenly over the crepes, leaving a 12inch border. Spread 2 teaspoons of jam over the peanut butter. Line 5 to 6 blueberries along the center of each crepe. Fold the crepe in half over the blueberries. Fold the two ends inward and continue to roll into a tube shape. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Cut each crepe in half horizontally and arrange on a platter. Dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [4 large eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 18 teaspoon fine sea salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 10 cubes, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, at room temperature, 13 cup strawberry or raspberry jam, 12 cup 2 ounces fresh blueberries, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Crepes With Peanut Butter and Jam, picturelink: .b.ZFVoeISA1PAbwoPSEgOpLaW1qW}, 8769: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 11by17inch rimmed baking sheet and line the bottom with parchment paper. Lightly butter the parchment and dust with flour, tapping out the excess.nWhisk 1 cup each flour and granulated sugar, the baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. In a large bowl, whisk the 4 egg yolks, vegetable oil, coconut milk and coconut extract. Whisk in the flour mixture in 2 batches.nBeat the 6 egg whites and cream of tartar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until foamy. Increase the speed to medium high gradually add the remaining 12 cup granulated sugar and beat until stiff, shiny peaks form. Fold onethird of the beaten egg whites into the egg yolk mixture with a rubber spatula, then gently fold in the rest.nSpread the batter on the prepared baking sheet and bake until the cake is golden and springs back when pressed, 15 to 20 minutes. Loosen the edges of the cake with a knife transfer the baking sheet to a rack and let the cake cool slightly. Dust a large piece of parchment paper with confectioners sugar. Invert the cake onto the parchment and peel off the parchment on top. Brush the cake with the rum.nMake the frosting: Whisk the egg whites and granulated sugar in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water do not let the bowl touch the water until the mixture is warm and the sugar dissolves. Remove the bowl from the pan cool slightly.nBeat the egg white mixture with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until stiff peaks form, 12 to 15 minutes. Beat in the butter a few pieces at a time, then continue beating until glossy and smooth, 5 to 7 more minutes. Dont worry if the mixture looks curdled at first continue beating. Beat in the rum.nSpread about 2 cups of the frosting on the cake, then sprinkle with 2 cups coconut. Starting at a short end, roll up the cake, using the parchment to help you. Transfer to a platter, seamside down. Cover the cake roll with the remaining frosting and sprinkle with the remaining 2 cups coconut.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for the pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 large eggs, separated, plus 2 egg whites, all at room temperature, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup coconut milk, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons coconut extract, Pinch of cream of tartar, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 1 tablespoon white rum, 6 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into pieces, 3 tablespoons white rum, 4 cups sweetened shredded coconut], title: Coconut Roulade With Rum Buttercream, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 8770: {instructions: Special equipment: a 2 14inch round cookie cutternPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPlace the pastry on a lightly floured work surface. Using the tines of a fork, prick the pastry all over. Using a 2 14inch round cookie cutter, cut out 16 rounds of pastry. Place the pastry rounds on the prepared baking sheet. Lay a piece of parchment paper on top of the pastry rounds. Place another baking sheet directly on top of the parchment paper to keep the pastry even while baking. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes until golden. Remove the top baking sheet and the top piece of parchment paper.nSpread 1 teaspoon of tapenade on each pastry round. Place about 1 tablespoon of cheese on top. Arrange 2 pieces of tomato on the cheese. Bake for 5 to 7 minutes until the cheese has melted. Remove from the oven and sprinkle the chopped basil on top.nTransfer the tartlets to a platter and garnish with a pinch of fleur de sel., ingredients: [1 10 by 9inch sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed, 13 cup olive tapenade, 1 cup 2 12 ounces shredded fontina cheese, 8 cherry tomatoes, quartered, 6 basil leaves, chopped, Fleur de sel or other large flake sea salt], title: Tomato Basil Tartlets, picturelink: null}, 8771: {instructions: Combine water, salt, pepper, and butter, and bring to boil. Slowly, in a thin stream, whisk in the cornmeal. When it starts to bubble turn off heat or it will splatter the mix is very hot at this stage and can burn. Stir with wooden spoon, partially cover and leave on the warm stovetop, stirring every few minutes so it does not stick, for 30 minutes. When thick, remove from warm stovetop, and add cheese, garlic, and cilantro. Mix well. Pour into a 1 by 8 by 12inch sheet tray or baking dish. Smooth out the mixture until it is level. Chill until firm, about 2 to 3 hours.nPreheat the canola oil in a deep pot to 350 degrees F.nCut polenta in strips, about 1 12 by 3 inches. Lightly bread the polenta fries with cornmeal. Deep fry in hot oil for 2 to 4 minutes or until crispy., ingredients: [1 12 quarts water, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces butter, 1 pound course yellow cornmeal, plus more for breading, 1 cup blue cheese, grated or crumbled fine, 1 tablespoon garlic puree, 12 bunch cilantro, chiffonade, 3 cups canola oil, for frying], title: Blue Cheese Polenta Fries, picturelink: null}, 8772: {instructions: In a pitcher, combine pomegranate juice, cranberry juice, sugar substitute, lime juice, and vodka over ice. Top off with club soda., ingredients: [1 cup pomegranate juice, 1 cup unsweetened cranberry juice, 6 packets sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 6 tablespoons lime juice, 2 cups vodka, Club soda], title: Passionate Dream, picturelink: B7m5QnT8E7bG5blB6KMMKmF8jb5Xwa}, 8773: {instructions: Special equipment: two 10inch cake pansnFor the fruitcake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the bottom of two 10inch cake pans with parchment paper.nIn a mixing bowl using an electric hand mixer, whip together the oil, granulated sugar and eggs until the mixture lightens in color. Sift together the flour, cinnamon, baking soda and baking powder. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients, and mix until just combined, scraping down the sides of the bowl to make sure nothing is stuck. Fold in the coconut, pecans, dates, bananas and pineapples, being careful to avoid overmixing. Divide the batter between the prepared cake pans and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 30 to 40 minutes.nCool the cakes.nFor the icing: In a medium bowl using an electric hand mixer, mix the cream cheese and butter until smooth. Add the confectioners sugar, vanilla seeds and rum to taste, and mix until smooth.nPlace one of the cakes on a serving plate and use half of the icing to cover the top. Place the second cake on top and cover the top with the remaining icing. Sprinkle toasted coconut flakes over the cake to serve., ingredients: [2 cups oil, 1 14 pounds granulated sugar, 5 eggs, 14 ounces allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup shredded coconut, 34 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup chopped dates, 2 ripe bananas, sliced, One 16ounce can crushed pineapple, 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature, 8 ounces butter, at room temperature, 1 pound confectioners sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeded, Dark rum, Toasted shredded coconut, for serving], title: Island Fruitcake with CinnamonRum Cream Cheese Icing, picturelink: KYYfjogzha9ck6OhenS.GgGZZDgFDK}, 8774: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the bell peppers in half top to bottom and remove the seeds and ribs. Set aside. Cook the rice in a medium saucepan following the package directions.nIn a medium skillet, brown the ground beef with the onion and garlic over mediumhigh heat, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain any excess fat from the meat and remove the skillet from the heat. Combine the ground beef mixture, rice, tomatoes, black pepper and salt in a large bowl and mix until blended.nIn a 9by13by2inch baking dish, place the bell peppers cutside up. Evenly divide the beef mixture among the pepper halves. Cover the dish with foil and bake for 20 minutes. Remove the foil and sprinkle the Cheddar on top. Return the pan to the oven, uncovered, and bake until the cheese melts, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [12 mini sweet bell peppers, 1 cup longgrain white rice, 1 pound lean ground beef, 1 medium sweet onion, such as Vidalia, diced, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped, One 10ounce can diced tomatoes and green chilies, such as Rotel, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 ounces sharp Cheddar, grated], title: Mini Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: RhbJyuJ0yX0jSMdnRwezVlVU.eVsGje}, 8775: {instructions: Combine the butter and sausage in a Dutch oven or heavygauge pot over high heat, and saute for about 6 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the bell pepper, onion, celery, and garlic, and season with Creole seasoning, salt, and black pepper. Saute, still over high heat, for about 8 minutes, or until the natural sugars in the vegetables have browned and caramelized.nAdd the tomatoes, shrimp, fish, and bay leaf, and stir. Add the rice, stir gently, and add the water. Gently move a spoon across the bottom of the pot, making sure that the rice is not sticking. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat, cover, and simmer for about 15 minutes or until the rice has absorbed most of the liquid. Turn off the heat, then fold in the oysters, cover, and let sit for about 8 minutes, during which time the jambalaya will continue cooking from residual heat.nTo serve, transfer to a serving bowl, and mix in the green onions. Season with hot sauce.nThoroughly combine all ingredients in a blender, food processor, or mixing bowl, and pour the mixture into a large glass or plastic jar. Seal it so that its airtight. It will keep indefinitely. Yield: about 2 cups, ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 pound andouille sausage, cut into 14inch slices, 1 large bell pepper, any color, cut into large dice, 1 large onion, cut into large dice, 3 ribs celery, cut into large dice, 1 small head garlic, cloves peeled and minced, Creole Seafood Seasoning, recipe follows, or any Creole seasoning, to taste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large tomatoes, cored, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled, 12 pound fish fillets, diced trout, catfish, redfish, bass, and bluefish would work well, 1 bay leaf, 3 cups longgrain rice, rinsed 3 times, 6 cups water, 1 pint shucked oysters, with their liquor, 2 bunches green onions, thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon hot sauce, or to taste, 13 cup table salt, 14 cup granulated or powdered garlic, 14 cup fresh ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper, or to taste, 1 tablespoons dried thyme, 2 tablespoons dried basil, 1 tablespoons dried oregano, 13 cup paprika, 3 tablespoons granulated or powdered onion], title: Seafood Jambalaya, picturelink: null}, 8776: {instructions: Combine all ingredients, except lime juice and cilantro, in a 4quart slow cooker.nCover and cook on low setting for 2 to 3 hours, stirring occasionally.nStir in lime juice and serve hot garnished with cilantro, if using., ingredients: [2 8ounce packages cream cheese, 1 cup cashew pieces, chopped, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 2 tablespoons chili paste recommended: Sambal Oelek, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 34 cup coconut milk recommended: Thai Kitchen, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 14 cup finely chopped cilantro leaves, optional, Serving Ideas: Serve with presliced vegetables or packaged crudite platter sold at your grocery store.], title: Spicy Cashew Dip, picturelink: YOkU7fjEMelWMBmZtxVtq3uoWlwNkzC}, 8777: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce: Whisk together the vinegar, mustard, oil, celery, apples, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Set aside while you make the sliders.nFor the sliders: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir in the cranberry sauce, ketchup, vinegar, Dijon, Worcestershire, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer until the sauce has thickened, about 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and carefully pour the sauce into a food processor or blender and process until smooth.nPlace the turkey into a large bowl and pour the sauce over the turkey, stirring to coat evenly with the sauce. To serve, spoon a 14 cup of the turkey onto the bottom half of the rolls, garnish with 2 tablespoons of the slaw and top with the top half of the roll.nCombine the cranberries, maple syrup cinnamon, orange zest and orange juice in a medium saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon. Turn the burner off. Using the back of your spoon, lightly mash the cranberries to desired consistency. Chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 celery ribs, thinly sliced, 1 granny smith apple, cored but not peeled, cut into 2inch matchsticks, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 1 large shallot, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup Cranberry Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups shredded turkey, 12 sweet dinner rolls, One 1pound bag fresh or frozen cranberries, 12 cup maple syrup, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 orange, zested and juiced], title: Cranberry BBQ Sauce Turkey Sliders, picturelink: 0wyePaildBb6nBqf14P4zh3Kdx68GB2}, 8778: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Place a silpat a French nonstick baking mat on a baking sheet. Set aside. In a small saucepan, bring 34 cup water, the butter, and salt to a boil. Immediately remove from heat, add the flour all at once, and beat vigorously with a wooden spoon until the mixture is smooth and pulls away from the sides of the pan to form a ball, 30 to 60 seconds. Beat the mixture over low heat for 30 to 60 seconds more to dry it. Make an egg glaze: Whisk 1 of the eggs in a bowl set aside. With a wooden spoon, beat the remaining eggs into the dough 1 at a time, beating thoroughly after each addition. Beat enough of the reserved beaten egg into the dough until it is shiny and just falls from the spoon, using as much egg as necessary. Beat in the Gruyere cheese. Transfer the dough to a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch plain tip, and pipe 12 mounds about 2 inches in diameter onto the prepared baking sheet. Brush with the egg glaze. Bake the gougeres until puffed and golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Take 1 gougere from the baking sheet, and let it cool for 1 minute. If it remains crisp on the outside, it is done. If not, replace it, and continue baking 5 to 10 minutes longer. Let gougeres cool slightly before removing from baking sheet. Serve warm., ingredients: [34 cup water, 13 cup unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup allpurpose flour, sifted, 5 large eggs, 34 cup coarsely grated Gruyere cheese], title: Chesse Puffs with Anne Gougeres, picturelink: null}, 8779: {instructions: Debone and trim the leg well or have your butcher do it. Smash the garlic cloves and mix with the rosemary, thyme sprigs, and cracked pepper. Add 12 cup of olive oil and rub all over the meat. Marinate, covered, in the refrigerator, for 1 to 2 days. Remove the herb sprigs and garlic cloves from the meat.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Mix the chopped garlic, rosemary, and thyme with enough olive oil to dampen into an almost pastelike consistency. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nSeason the lamb well with salt and pepper. Spread the interior liberally with tapenade. Roll up and tie with string. Heat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 tablespoons of olive oil and place the lamb in the pan, fatside down. Sear until golden and turn over so that all sides are seared. Place fat side up in the pan and use a large fork to hold the lamb while you drain off any excess fat.nPat the chopped herbed mixture all over the outside of the lamb. Add 2 cups of water to the pan and roast for 1 12 hours until a meat thermometer reads 125 degrees F. Let the meat rest for 15 minutes before slicing. Slice thinly and serve with roasted potatoes. Serve extra tapenade on the side or pan juices.nPlace all the ingredients except the olive oil and the parsley in a food processor. Chop coarsely by pulsing the machine. Drizzle in the olive oil and pulse a few more times, season with salt and pepper. Fold in the parsley by hand. The tapenade is best when made a day in advance so flavors have time to marry.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [1 whole leg of lamb, deboned, 6 garlic cloves, peeled and smashed, 3 sprigs rosemary, 12 bunch thyme, 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped thyme, Kosher salt and pepper, Tapenade, recipe follows, 2 cups water, 1 cup pitted Nicoise olive or pitted Kalamatas, 2 small cloves garlic, 2 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 shallot, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons capers, 12 teaspoon minced lemon peel, 3 anchovy fillets, optional, Kosher salt and black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley], title: Herb Crusted Leg of Lamb with Tapenade, picturelink: kZTuIvqVLbbTm4RIhZlNqhnSM3NnjNi}, 8780: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the annatto seeds, aguardiente, and water and allow to soak for at least 15 to 20 minutes. Place over medium heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the liquid has reduced by about 25 percent, to 34 cup. Strain the liquid into a medium mixing bowl and discard the seeds. Add the grated yucca, cloves, sugar, cayenne, and raisins. Mix together well and set aside.nHeat a griddle or large castiron skillet to high heat. Toast the banana leaves for about 3 seconds on each side this will soften and make them easier to handle. Wipe along the grain of each leaf with a towel, then cut out and discard the cords. Place a leaf on the work surface with the grain running vertically. Place 1 12 tablespoons of the filling about 2 inches from the near edge and lay 3 slices of banana over it. Place another 1 12 tablespoons of filling on top of the banana. Fold the edge of the leaf over the filling to cover. Fold both sides of the leaf toward the center and roll until you reach the opposite end of the leaf. Doublewrap with a second leaf, with the grain running horizontally. Repeat with the remaining leaves and filling until all the chapanas firmly with the thin kitchen twine.nPlace them in a steamer over simmering water and cover with a few extra banana leaves, if desired. Cover tightly and steam for about 2 12 hours, maintaining the water level with hot water as necessary. Transfer the chapanas to a rack to cool thoroughly. Remove the cords, unfold the leaves, and serve. If desired, refrigerate for 1 to 2 days and bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons annatto seeds, 12 cup aguardiente or light rum, 12 cup water, 2 12 pounds yucca, peeled see Note and finely grated, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 cup sugar, Pinch of cayenne, 14 cup golden raisins, 24 dried banana leaf pieces, 12x10inch, or 72 corn husks, 2 ripe bananas, peeled and sliced 14inch thick], title: Chapanas with Golden Raisins, picturelink: null}, 8781: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nMix flour, baking powder, and salt in large mixing bowl. Cut in butter with pastry cutter or hands until it resembles coarse meal. Add 12 cup sugar and cream. Knead approximately 3 minutes and let rest.nToss fruit with cornstarch, 14 cup sugar, and spices. Place fruit mixture in a 9 by 13inch glass or ceramic baking dish. Cover with gobs of the cobbler dough. Bake 35 minutes or until lightly browned., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons unsalted chilled butter, 12 cup sugar, plus 14 cup, 1 cup heavy cream, 6 cups peeled fresh or frozen peaches, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch grated nutmeg], title: Peach Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 8782: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the lobsters and boil until just cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the grill to mediumhigh. Drain the lobsters and put them in a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Then drain the lobsters well, remove the tail from the lobster, and carefully remove the tail meat from the shell.nSkewer each tail onto 2 skewers so that the meat lies flat. Brush the tails with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side or until slightly charred.nPlace the lobster skewers on a platter and drizzle with some of the sauce over top. Sprinkle with chopped cilantro and garnish with lime wedges. Top with dollops of caviar, if desired. Serve the remaining sauce in small bowls for individual dipping.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add garlic, ginger, and serrano chile and cook for 1 minute. Add the curry paste and cook for 2 minutes. Add mangoes and water, stir well, and cook until the mango is soft, about 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a blender see Cooks Note below. Add the lime juice, cilantro, and honey and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the remaining 12 cup oil and blend until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [8 1 12 pound live lobsters, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 16 skewers, soaked in cold water, Green CurryMango Sauce, recipe follows, Chopped cilantro leaves, for garnish, Lime wedges, for garnish, 4 ounces black caviar, optional, 2 tablespoons plus 12 cup canola oil, 1 red onion, coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger, 1 serrano chile, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons green curry paste, 3 ripe mangoes, peeled, pitted, and coarsely chopped, 2 cups water, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Lobster Tails with Green CurryMango Dipping Sauce, picturelink: 9.mUCcCjjQN53XLRM7lpWR0S29UZuWy}, 8783: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat about 18inch of olive oil in a very large frying pan over medium heat. When the oil is almost smoking, add several slices of eggplant and cook, turning once, until they are evenly browned on both sides and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Be careful, it splatters Transfer the cooked eggplant slices to paper towels to drain. Add more oil, heat, and add more eggplant until all the slices are cooked.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, mix together the ricotta, egg, halfandhalf, 14 cup of the Parmesan, 18 teaspoon salt, and 18 teaspoon pepper.nIn each of 2 individual gratin dishes, place a layer of eggplant slices, then sprinkle with Parmesan, salt and pepper and spoon 12 of the marinara sauce. Next, add a second layer of eggplant, more salt and pepper, half the ricotta mixture, and finally 1 tablespoon of grated Parmesan on top.nPlace the gratins on a baking sheet and bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until the custard sets and the top is browned. Serve warm., ingredients: [Good olive oil, for frying, 34 pound eggplant, unpeeled, sliced 12inch thick, 14 cup ricotta cheese, 1 extralarge egg, 14 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup good bottled marinara sauce], title: Eggplant Gratin, picturelink: 7wnKejWDQi9.jtnSYWAGxgxWfBkw5.i}, 8784: {instructions: Place 6 of the basil leaves in the palm of your hand and clap. Place the leaves in the base of a cocktail shaker and add the simple syrup and lime juice. Pummel the basil leaves with a muddler to release the oils. Add the gin to the shaker along with ice. Put the top on the cocktail shaker and shake. Using a strainer, pour the mixture into a glass.nPlace the remaining basil leaf in your hand and clap. Garnish the cocktail with the basil leaf and serve., ingredients: [7 organic basil leaves, 12 ounce simple syrup, 34 ounce fresh lime juice, 1 12 ounces gin, such as 209 Gin], title: Basil Gimlet, picturelink: sqajVJn4DBU6JekT4.Z6TTm5jrHtbNm}, 8785: {instructions: Cook 3 minced garlic cloves in a skillet with olive oil until golden. Add a few pinches of red pepper flakes. Stir in 1 head torn escarole in batches, season with salt and toss. Cover and cook until the greens are wilted, 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Escarole with Garlic, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 8786: {instructions: Preheat the oven at 450 degrees F. Oil the bottom of a pizza pan and stretch out the dough until the pizza covers the whole pan. Add as little or as much of your favorite toppings before baking it until the crust is golden brown and the toppings are bubbling, golden, or cooked through depending on your ingredients, approximately 20 minutes.nfor Schiacciata alla Fiorentina, add 2 tablespoons of sugar when making Nonna Giulias pizza doughnTo make the dough:nMound the flour on a smooth work surface, and create a well in the middle of the flour. Break up the cubes of yeast with your hands and add it to the well, along with the white wine, olive oil and a portion of salted lukewarm water. Work the flour slowly, adding the rest of the salted lukewarm water as needed until it turns into a uniform dough.nCover the dough and let rest to rise for about 20 to 30 minutes at room temperature., ingredients: [1 recipe pizza dough per focaccia Nonna Guilias Pizza Dough, recipe follows , Extravirgin olive, for drizzling and greasing, Salt, Radicchio, cut in 18 slices, Smoked scamorza cheese, sliced mozzarella can be substituted, Potatoes, thinly sliced, Onions, sliced, Fresh rosemary, Zucchinis, thinly sliced, Onions, sliced, Red wine grapes, halved, Chianti wine, for drizzling, 2 tablespoons of sugar, for sprinkling, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon fresh yeast, crumbled, 34 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups lukewarm water], title: Le Focacce, picturelink: null}, 8787: {instructions: Cut the crab legs into 3inch pieces with kitchen shears. Cut along one side of the shell on each piece so the meat can be easily removed after cooking.nPlace the remaining ingredients by the stove. Toast 2 tablespoons pepper in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat until fragrant, about 2 minutes remove from the heat.nHeat the vegetable oil and butter in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat until sizzling you can also set a roasting pan over two burners. Add the garlic, ginger, scallions and jalapenos sprinkle with the sugar and cook, stirring, until the mixture is fragrant, about 1 minute.nAdd the crab pieces, oyster sauce and soy sauce. Cook, tossing, until heated through, about 5 minutes. Scatter the toasted pepper on top and continue to cook, tossing, about 1 more minute. Transfer the crab and sauce to a bowl. Serve with rice.nPhotograph by Roland Bello, ingredients: [3 pounds Alaskan king or snow crab legs, thawed if frozen, Freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 stick unsalted butter, cubed, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 10 thin slices peeled ginger, 8 scallions, cut into 2inch pieces, 4 red jalapeno peppers, seeded and finely chopped, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, White rice, for serving], title: Spicy Peppered Crab Legs, picturelink: T.LRekhBFnNtU7jSrY0nvlJfh5Cvxbi}, 8788: {instructions: Bring 6 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the tapioca, reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 15 minutes. Strain the tapioca in a large sieve, and rinse under cold running water until cold. Spoon the tapioca into a 3quart pitcher.nAdd the wine, grape juice and liqueur to the pitcher, and stir to combine. Add the tarragon and peaches, and cover the pitcher with plastic wrap. Refrigerate the sangria to chill, at least 4 hours up to overnight.nTo serve, fill 8 glasses halfway with ice. Stir the sangria to redistribute the tapioca, then pour the sangria, fruit, and tapioca into each glass., ingredients: [12 cup smallpearl tapioca, One 750milliliter bottle dry Gewurztraminer or other dry white wine, 2 cups white grape juice, 1 cup elderflower liqueur, such as St. Germaine, 1 cup loosely packed fresh tarragon leaves, roughly chopped, 2 white peaches, pitted and cut into 14inchthick wedges], title: White Peach, Tarragon and Bubble Sangria, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 8789: {instructions: Prepare a grill for medium heat. Lay out a piece of heavyduty foil 12 inches by 18 inches. Fold the four sides up to create walls and spread the shrimp in the center of the foil. Toss the shrimp with the garlic, chipotle sauce, cumin, oregano, coriander and salt. Pour in the beer. Dot the butter pieces on top. Cover with another large piece of foil and crimp and fold the edges together to seal tightly.nTransfer the foil pack to the grill, close the lid and cook until the shrimp are pink and cooked through, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit for a few minutes. Carefully tear the packet open, being careful not to let the escaping steam burn you. Squeeze lime juice over the shrimp and sprinkle with cilantro. Serve the shrimp with the rice and pass extra chipotle hot sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 14 pounds peeled and deveined large shrimp, 5 garlic cloves, smashed, 2 teaspoons chipotle hot sauce, plus more to taste, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup Mexicanstyle lager, such as Corona, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 lime, halved, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 cups cooked white rice], title: Healthy Chipotle BeerandButter Shrimp Foil Pack, picturelink: null}, 8790: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason the chops liberally with salt and pepper. Heat the extravirgin olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the oil smokes, add the chops and cook, turning once, until caramelized and the meat is just turning firm, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove to a platter and cover with foil, reserve.nAdd a drizzle more oil to the pan, add bacon and brown for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the onions and saute over medium heat with the bacon until soft, 6 to 7 minutes. Sprinkle in flour, stir for 1 minute, then add the beer. Cook until reduced by half, 1 to 2 minutes more, then whisk in the stock. Remove from the heat and season with pepper. Pour the gravy over the chops, sprinkle with parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 bonein pork chops, just over 1inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus a drizzle, 2 thick slices smoky bacon from deli counter, diced 14inch, 1 medium onion, diced 14inch, 1 rounded tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 bottle amber to dark German beer, 12 cup stock, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Pork Chops with Beer and Bacon Gravy, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 8791: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the cherry tomatoes, 12 cup olive oil, garlic, basil leaves, red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon salt, and the pepper in a large bowl. Cover with plastic wrap, and set aside at room temperature for about 4 hours.nJust before youre ready to serve, bring a large pot of water with a splash of olive oil and 2 tablespoons salt to a boil and add the pasta. Cook al dente according to the directions on the package be careful  it only takes 2 to 3 minutes. Drain the pasta well and add to the bowl with the cherry tomatoes. Add the cheese and some extra fresh basil leaves and toss well. Serve in big bowls with extra cheese on each serving., ingredients: [4 pints cherry tomatoes, halved, Good olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced garlic 6 cloves, 18 large basil leaves, julienned, plus extra for serving, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound dried angel hair pasta, 1 12 cups freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus extra for serving], title: Summer Garden Pasta, picturelink: M8abYZTtGUe9pL3AgoKDVCA1l1t7F7m}, 8792: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the garlic, ginger, honey, soy sauce, groundnut oil, rice wine, and fivespice powder. Add the drumsticks, and cover the bowl with plastic wrap. Then, let the chicken marinate in the refrigerator for as long as possible. Overnight is ideal, but 10 minutes is fine if you do not have enough time. When ready to cook, preheat an oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the chicken drumsticks on a roasting pan, and roast for 30 minutes, or until their skins are golden., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, crushed and chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon groundnut oil peanut, 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, 2 teaspoons fivespice powder, 2 14 pounds skinon chicken drumsticks], title: FiveSpice Roast Chicken Drumsticks, picturelink: null}, 8793: {instructions: For the coconut marinated pork tenderloin: Combine the coconut milk, ginger, curry, lime juice, star anise, paprika, pepper, Scotch bonnets and garlic in a bowl. Add the pork and turn to coat in the marinade. Cover the bowl and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours and up to 8 hours. Remove the pork from the refrigerator 30 minutes before grilling and pat dry with paper towels.nPreheat the grill to high heat for indirect grilling.nBrush the pork with the canola oil and sprinkle with salt. Place the pork directly over the heat and cook until charred on all sides, about 8 minutes. Move the pork to the cooler part of the grill and continue grilling until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the pork registers 150 degrees F, about 12 minutes longer. Remove the pork from the grill and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice into 14inch thick slices.nFor the green sauce: Combine the cilantro, parsley, onions, lime juice, olive oil, salt, garlic and Scotch bonnet in a blender and blend until smooth. Taste and add a little honey to sweeten. Add a little water if the sauce is too thick.nSpoon the green sauce over the sliced pork., ingredients: [1 can unsweetened coconut milk, 3 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 1 heaping tablespoon mild curry powder, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon ground star anise, 1 teaspoon Spanish paprika, 14 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 2 Scotch bonnet chiles, chopped, or 2 tablespoons Scotch bonnet hot sauce, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 pounds pork tenderloin, trimmed of excess fat, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Kosher salt, 1 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves, 12 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup sliced green onion, green and pale green part, 34 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 Scotch bonnet chile, chopped, Honey, as needed], title: Coconut Marinated Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: VtApbOu4RN9HLCZqd3q6PXGGY363lq}, 8794: {instructions: Combine in a shaker, shake it up and pour over ice.nGarnish with apple slicesnPLEASE DRINK RESPONSIBLY.nCROWN ROYAL Blended Canadian Whisky. 40 AlcVol.nu00a92012 The Crown Royal Company, 801 Main Ave, Norwalk, CT, ingredients: [1.25 oz. Crown Royalu00ae, .5 oz. apple schnapps, 3 oz. cranberry juice, Apple slices], title: Crown Royalandreg Washington Apple, picturelink: G0JEq1vyiBJO8hOWtXVGq37UEexa8RW}, 8795: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a large ovenproof saute pan, heat the grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat to nearly smoking. Meanwhile, season the grouper and shrimp with salt and pepper. Carefully place the grouper in the pan and sear over a mediumhigh heat to allow the fish to caramelize to a golden brown color. Carefully flip the fish over and add the shrimp to the pan. Cook for about 1 minute, lower the heat and add the sliced garlic, bay leaves and chile flakes.nCook the garlic to a nice golden brown, for about 1 minute, then deglaze the pan with the white wine. Cook until the wine is reduced by half. Add the marinara and fish broth and cook until the sauce is slightly reduced, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer the pan to the oven and cook until the fish is fully cooked, about 8 to 10 minutes. Serve hot over pasta of your choice., ingredients: [3 tablespoon grapeseed oil, Four 6ounces portions Florida black grouper, 12 Florida gulf shrimp 1620 count, peeled and deveined, Salt and pepper, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 bay leaves, Pinch of crushed red chile flakes, 4 ounces white wine, 12 ounces marinara sauce, 4 to 6 ounces fish broth or light chicken broth, Cooked pasta of your choice, for serving.], title: Florida Black Grouper all Acqua Pazza, picturelink: null}, 8796: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small pot over medium highheat, warm the milk to a simmer, then add the brown sugar, cinnamon, ginger, cloves and nutmeg. Whisk the milk to a froth and add the oats. Stirring constantly, cook until the oatmeal is a smoothielike consistency, about 2 12 minutes.nPour the hot mixture into 4 mugs. Stir a shot of espresso into each and top with 1 tablespoon granola. Sip or spoon while it is still hot, ingredients: [5 12 cups milk, 14 cup loosely packed brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 cups quickcooking oats, 4 shots warm espresso, 4 tablespoons granola], title: Oatmeal Latte, picturelink: PRVJ93L7aGVDAhrO4LgFq.LEX7wNKy}, 8797: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nOn a large piece of waxed paper, sift together the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, cloves and ginger.nCream the shortening and 1 cup of the sugar in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the flour mixture and mix to combine. Mix in the molasses and the egg. Cover the dough in plastic wrap and chill until firm, 1 hour.nRoll the dough into 1inch balls. Roll the dough balls in the remaining 12 cup sugar and place on an ungreased cookie sheet, spaced 1 to 1 12inches apart.nBake for 20 minutes. Transfer the cookies to a wire rack to cool. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 34 cup solid shortening, such a Crisco, 1 12 cups sugar, 14 cup molasses, 1 large egg], title: Cinnamon Cookies, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 8798: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium fry pan over medium heat cook bacon until brown and crispy. Remove bacon and place onto a plate lined with a paper towel.nPour off all but 2 tablespoons of the bacon fat from the pan. Turn down heat to low and whisk the balsamic vinegar into the bacon fat. Pour over kale. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to coat and set aside.nIn small nonstick fry pan over medium heat add butter and fry egg sunny side up.nTransfer the kale to a serving dish and top with fried egg, orange segments, bacon and dollops of ricotta cheese., ingredients: [1 head fresh kale, ribs removed and shredded, 3 strips bacon, chopped, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg, 1 orange, segmented, 2 tablespoons ricotta cheese], title: Shredded Kale Salad, picturelink: KuxITtk7nGAuv.JizqlMF8gfR.WQwi}, 8799: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment or silicone pads.nWhisk together the flour, salt and baking soda in a bowl. Place the butter in the bowl of an electric stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat until smooth, about 1 minute. Add the sugars and continue mixing, scraping down the sides and bottom of the bowl until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes longer. Add the eggs, one at a time, and the vanilla extract. Add half of the flour mixture and mix until just incorporated. Add the remaining flour mixture, again mixing until just combined. Remove the bowl from the stand and fold in the chocolate chunks.nUsing a small ice cream scoop, spoon the dough onto the prepared baking sheets, leaving at least 2 inches between each cookie, and bake on the middle rack until the cookies are lightly golden brown and still soft in the middle, about 11 minutes. Let the cookies rest for 2 minutes on the baking sheets before removing them to a baking rack with a wide metal spatula. Let the cookies cool on the baking rack for a few minutes before eating. Repeat with the remaining dough., ingredients: [2 cups plus 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup dark brown muscavado sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, One 5ounce block semisweet chocolate, chopped into chunks, such as Callebaut, One 5ounce block milk chocolate, chopped into chunks, such as Callebaut], title: Throwdown Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: lghrUo.QT9WzA6KPfIOe4cT6lGNjvgS}, 8800: {instructions: Remove the center ribs and stems from 1 bunch kale tear the leaves into 3to4inch pieces. Toss with 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika and 14 teaspoon salt. Spread on 2 baking sheets coated with cooking spray. Bake at 350 degrees F until browned around the edges and crisp, 12 to 15 minutes.nPhotograph by Jacob Snavely, ingredients: [], title: Smoky Kale Chips, picturelink: EvXQHwFCeoqyC78dcD5uK7oeTnqqZBO}, 8801: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut out the stems from peppers and discard. Remove the seeds and clean out the white ribs. Season them inside with salt and pepper. Rub the outsides of the peppers with vegetable oil and place them, stem side down, onto a baking sheet. Bake them for 30 minutes, or until the skins are wrinkled and slightly charred. Remove the peppers from the oven and put them into a large bowl. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let them steam until they are cool enough to handle, about 10 minutes. Peel the skin from the peppers, making sure to keep them whole, and set aside.nWhile the peppers are baking and steaming, make the pesto: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Have a bowl of ice water ready. When the water is boiling, add the basil leaves. After 5 seconds yes, 5 seconds remove the basil and immediately put it into the ice water. This will keep the pesto green. When it is cold, drain the basil and squeeze out any excess water. Put the basil into a food processor or blender and add the pine nuts, cheese, and garlic. Turn on the processor and slowly add the olive oil until the mixture is smooth. Refrigerate until ready to use.nIn a large skillet over high heat, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter. Cook the eggplant until beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the onions and cook until softened and lightly browned, about 10 minutes more. Transfer them to a cutting board, let them cool a bit, and chop them finely with a knife. Add 1 tablespoon butter to the same pan over mediumhigh heat. When it is melted, add the Swiss chard, cover the pan, and let the chard wilt for about 1 minute. Transfer the chard to a bowl. Add the vegetables, ricotta, 1 tablespoon of the pesto, and season with salt and pepper. Mix well, taste, and adjust the seasoning. Stuff this mixture into the peppers, being careful to keep them whole. Place them on their sides into a lightly buttered baking dish. Sprinkle each pepper evenly with bread crumbs and bake until the tops are golden brown, about 10 minutes. Serve immediately garnished with extra pesto., ingredients: [4 large red bell peppers, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for rubbing the peppers, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 4 cups diced eggplant, 2 cups sliced onion, 1 pound fresh Swiss chard, cleaned and roughly chopped, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 12 cup dry bread crumbs, 12 pound fresh basil, leaves picked, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 3 garlic cloves, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Swiss Chard and Ricotta Stuffed Roasted Peppers, picturelink: 5s.FkDl7FROdisyvfwwnm1z4vPoYpW}, 8802: {instructions: Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Sprinkle bread cubes on baking sheet and bake in a 350 degree oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until toasted. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, stir together lemon juice, olive or vegetable oil, anchovy paste, elephant garlic and pepper. Remove toasted bread from oven and place in a shallow bowl. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the dressing mixture over croutons and toss to coat.nIn a salad bowl, toss together limestone and romaine lettuces. Add croutons, remaining dressing and Parmesan cheese. Toss well and serve., ingredients: [3 12inch thick slices French bread, cubed, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 teaspoon olive or vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 1 clove Friedas Elephant Garlic, peeled and finely minced, 14 teaspoon pepper, 3 cups Limestone lettuce, washed and dried and torn into bite size pieces, 3 cups Romaine lettuce, washed and dried and torn into bite size pieces, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese], title: New CaesarStyle Salad, picturelink: null}, 8803: {instructions: Combine the lemon zest and juice in a nonreactive saucepan with the sugar and eggs and beat well. Add the butter and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula or wooden spoon, until the sugar dissolves and the mixture thickens into curd. Be sure to keep scraping the bottom of the pan during the few minutes this takes you you dont want the eggs to scramble before the curd forms. If youre the nervous type, make the curd in a heatproof bowl over a pot of boiling water the bowl shouldnt touch the water. The curd will take just a little longer to thicken, about 5 minutes. Strain the crud into a bowl and press a piece of plastic wrap against the surface so a skin doesnt form. Refrigerate until cool, at least 1 12 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease a springform pan with 1 tablespoon of the butter and dust it with 1 tablespoon of the flour.nCream the remaining 8 tablespoons butter in a large bowl with 1 cup of the sugar until light and fluffy. Sift the remaining 1 cup flour, the baking powder, and salt together and stir into the creamed butter.nIn a separate bowl, beat the eggs until they start to foam. Do not overbeat, or the cake will be tough. Add the eggs and ground almonds to the flour and butter mixture, mixing well.nScrape the batter into the prepared pan. Drop 8 individual tablespoons of lemon curd evenly around the outside of the cake, leaving a 1inch border around the edge. Try to place the curd so theres an even amount of cake batter between each dollop of curd. Drop 3 tablespoons curd in the center. Refrigerate any remaining curd for another use hint: breakfast toast. Sprinkle the top of the cake with sliced almonds and 1 to 2 tablespoons sugar, according to taste.nBake until the cake is toasty brown on top and a toothpick or knife inserted into the cake comes out clean be sure not to insert it near the curd, about 40 minutes. Let cool for 10 minutes, then remove the sides of the pan and let cool completely on a rack.nIf serving the cake with whipped cream, add the almond liqueur to the heavy cream and beat until the cream is stiff. Sift a thin, even layer of confectioners sugar over the top of the cake. Present the cake at the table and offer the almond whipped cream on the side., ingredients: [Grated zest and juice of 2 lemons, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 extralarge eggs, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, 9 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon flour, 1 cup plus 1 to 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 extralarge eggs, 12 cup ground toasted almonds, 2 tablespoons toasted sliced almonds, 1 tablespoon almond liqueur optional, 12 cup heavy cream optional, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar or as needed], title: LemonAlmond Butter Cake, picturelink: null}, 8804: {instructions: Special equipment: wooden skewers soaked in water for several hoursnPreheat a grill. Skewer the shrimp, with zucchini slices ribboned in between each piece. Stir together the olive oil, pepper flakes, mint, and salt in a glass casserole. Lay in the skewers, cover, and refrigerate for a few hours to marinate, turning once or thrice. Cook on the grill until the shrimp are pink and the zucchini is striped with grill marks, 3 to 5 minutes per side., ingredients: [24 large shrimp, peeled and tailed, 24 thin zucchini ribbons, 14 cup60 ml olive oil, 12 teaspoon chile pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint or basil, Salt], title: Shrimp and Zucchini Skewers, picturelink: null}, 8805: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStuffing: Heat olive oil and butter in a medium skillet over moderate heat. When the butter melts, add the celery, onion, and bay leaf. Season with salt and pepper. Crumble the muffins into the pan and combine with the vegetables. Add thyme and chicken stock. Cook stuffing 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, then remove from heat and let stand in the warm pan.nTurkey and Gravy: Preheat a large skillet over medium high heat and add the olive oil. Season turkey cutlets with salt, pepper and poultry seasoning. Saute 5 minutes on each side, then transfer cutlets to a warm plate and cover plate with aluminum foil. Return skillet to stove and reduce heat a bit. Add butter, then flour to the melted butter. Cook flour and butter a minute or two, stirring with a whisk. Whisk in chicken stock. Reduce the stock 2 or 3 minutes, to desired gravy consistency. Season with salt and pepper, to your taste.nTo serve, mound cranberry orange stuffing onto each dinner plate using an ice cream scoop. Rest sauteed turkey cutlets on top of the stuffing and cover the turkey with gravy. Garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces, 2 ribs celery, with greens, from the heart of the stalk, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, Salt and pepper, 2 cranberry orange muffins, from the baked goods section of your market, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, a few sprigs, stems removed, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 13 pounds turkey breast cutlets, the average weight of 1 package, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, cut in small pieces, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken stock, Chopped flatleaf parsley, for garnish, optional], title: Turkey Cutlets with Cranberry Orange Stuffing and Pan Gravy, picturelink: wIauABOh1aGfGQ9HWhPaAhQXv3AoK4K}, 8806: {instructions: For the labne: Line a sieve with cheesecloth. Mix together the yogurt and salt, and spoon into the cheesecloth. Wrap the edges of the cloth over the top of the yogurt, and place the sieve over a large bowl to collect all the whey that drips off. Place your contraption in the fridge and let it drain overnight. Whats left on the top of the cheesecloth is labnenFor the vinaigrette: Use a sharp knife to separate the skin of the preserved lemon from the flesh. Discard the flesh. Cut the skin into a julienne, and then into a small 18inch dice. Mix together the preserved lemon, olive oil, lemon juice and a small pinch of salt. Pit the green olives I use a cherry pitter, which makes an easy and fun job out of it. Cut each olive in half lengthwise, then give them a rough chop. Mix into the vinaigrette.nGently toss the greens into the vinaigrette. Spoon a few dollops of labne onto a plate or platter top with the kohlrabi, a spoonful or two of the preserved lemon vinaigrette, a scattering of greens and olives, a few cracks of black pepper, and a pinch of sea salt. Repeat this once more, layering greens, kohlrabi, labne, pepper and sea salt., ingredients: [4 cups plain yogurt sheep or cows milk, Pinch salt, 1 preserved lemon, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt, 2 cups green olives, such as Cerignola, 6 ounces spring greens, such as butter lettuce, wild arugula, cress and pea shoots, trimmed, washed, dried and torn into medium, irregularsize pieces, 3 small heads kohlrabi, peeled, shaved into 18inchthick strips using a mandolin, Coarse sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Shaved Kohlrabi  Spring Green Salad with Labne, Green Olive, and Preserved Lemon Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 8807: {instructions: Combine 5 ounces of the flour, 14 teaspoon of the yeast, all of the honey, and all of the bottled water in a straightsided container cover loosely and refrigerate for 8 to 12 hours.nPlace the remaining 11 ounces of flour, remaining yeast, and all the salt into the bowl of a stand mixer, and add the preferment from the refrigerator. Using the dough hook attachment, knead the mixture on low for 2 to 3 minutes just until it comes together. Cover the dough in the bowl with a kitchen towel and allow to rest for 20 minutes. After 20 minutes, knead the dough on medium speed for 5 to 10 minutes or until you are able to gently pull the dough into a thin sheet that light will pass through. The dough will be sticky, but not so sticky that you cant handle it.nWhile the dough is kneading, pour half of the hot water into a shallow pan and place on the bottom rack of your oven.nGrease the inside of a large straightsided container with the vegetable oil. Place the dough ball into the container and set on the rack above the pan of water. Allow to rise until doubled in size, approximately 1 to 2 hours.nOnce the dough has doubled in size, turn it onto a counter top, lightly dust your hands with flour, and press the dough out with your knuckles then fold 1 side in towards the middle of the mass and then the other, as if you were making a trifold wallet. Repeat the folding a second time. Cover the dough with a kitchen towel and allow to rest for another 10 minutes.nFlatten dough again with your knuckles and then fold the dough in onto itself, like you are shaping something that looks like a jellyfish. Turn the dough over and squeeze the bottom together so that the top surface of the dough is smooth. Place the dough back onto the counter and begin to roll gently between your hands. Do not grab the dough but allow it to move gently back and forth between your hands, moving in a circular motion. Move the dough ball to a pizza peel or the bottom of a sheet pan that has been sprinkled with the cornmeal. Cover with the kitchen towel and allow to bench proof for 1 hour, or until you poke the dough and it quickly fills back in where you poked it.nPlace an unglazed terra cotta dish upside down into the oven and heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the 13 cup of water and the cornstarch in a small bowl. Uncover the dough and brush the surface with this mixture. Gently slash the top surface of the dough ball in several places, approximately 13 to 12inch deep. Add more of the hot water to the shallow pan if it has evaporated. Slide the bread onto the terra cotta dish in the oven and bake for 50 to 60 minutes. Once the bread has reached an internal temperature of 205 to 210 degrees F, remove to a cooling rack and allow to sit for 30 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [1 pound bread flour, plus extra for shaping, 1 teaspoon instant rapid rise yeast, 2 teaspoons honey, 10 ounces bottled or filtered water, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 quarts hot water, Vegetable oil, for greasing the rising container, 2 tablespoons cornmeal, 13 cup water, 1 tablespoon cornstarch], title: Very Basic Bread, picturelink: null}, 8808: {instructions: Heat the stock and ladle 2 cups into a medium bowl. Add dried mushrooms and let soak for 20 minutes, then drain, reserving the liquid. Pour liquid through a fine sieve lined with cheesecloth or paper towels to catch any grit. Add mushroom liquid back to warm stock. Keep stock heated over medium heat. Pat soaked mushrooms dry and saute in a large skillet with 1 tablespoon olive oil.nHeat remaining olive oil in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots and cook until softened. Add rice and cook, stirring, until the rice becomes translucent, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add vermouth and stir until absorbed by rice. Add warm mushroom stock to rice, 1 cup at a time, stirring constantly. All stock must be fully absorbed before the next cup of stock is added. After about 20 minutes, the rice should be tender but not mushy, it should have a creamy texture. Add more stock if needed. Fold in Sauteed mushrooms, Parmesan, and season with salt and pepper. Let stand for a minute before serving. Sprinkle with Parmesan, if desired., ingredients: [6 to 8 cups chicken stock, 5 ounces dried mushrooms porcini or other wild dried mushrooms, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 shallots, minced, 2 cups arborio rice, 12 cup white vermouth, 23 cup grated Parmesan, plus extra for serving, Salt and pepper], title: Simple Mushroom Risotto, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 8809: {instructions: In a bowl, combine lime juice, tequila, triple sec, cilantro, garlic and red pepper flakes. Add chicken and marinate chicken for 3 hours or overnight depending on how much you like the tequila flavor.nMarinate peppers and onion in Vegetable Marinade for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nPreheat outdoor grill to medium heat. Remove chicken from marinade and grill, turning once, until juices run clear, about 5 to 6 minutes per side. Drain peppers and onions, grill in a grill basket until tender and browned on edges, about 8 to 10 minutes.nSlice the chicken breast into 12inch strips. Serve with peppers and onions, cheese, salsa and sour cream.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl., ingredients: [1 14 cups lime juice or margarita mix, 12 cup tequila, 12 cup triple sec or orange juice, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 8 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 1 large red bell pepper, cut into thick strips, 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into thick strips, 1 large Vidalia onion, cut into wedges, Vegetable Marinade, recipe follows, Shredded Mexican cheese blend, for serving, Salsa, for serving, Sour cream, for serving, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup lime juice or margarita mix, 1 teaspoon liquid smoke, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Touchdown Tequila Chicken Recipe, picturelink: null}, 8810: {instructions: Mix the ice, rum, cider, bitters and mint sprigs in a large pitcher and stir to combine. Pour into glasses and garnish with mint., ingredients: [3 cups ice, 24 ounces dark rum, One 22ounce bottle hard ginger cider, such as Ninepin Ginger, 6 to 7 dashes angostura bitters, 12 mint sprigs, plus sprigs for garnish], title: Sparkling Stone Fence Cocktail, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 8811: {instructions: Boil sweet potatoes until very tender. Rub them, while hot, through a colander. Add the eggs, powdered sugar, butter, nutmeg, lemon peel, and brandy. Mix thoroughly and place in a medium Dutch Oven. Place on a bed of coals. Cook for 25 minutes or until firm. When done, sprinkle the top with sugar., ingredients: [1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and quartered, 6 eggs, beaten, 34 pound powdered sugar, 34 cup butter, melted, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon lemon peel, 14 cup brandy, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Sweet Potato Pudding, picturelink: null}, 8812: {instructions: Place margarine, corn syrup and chocolate chips in 2quart saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until melted and smooth. Remove from heat.nAdd KELLOGGSu00ae COCOA KRISPIESu00ae cereal to chocolate mixture. Stir until cereal is coated. With back of spoon, shape mixture evenly in bottom and on side of 9inch pie pan coated with cooking spray. If mixture is too soft, refrigerate about 5 minutes. Chill crust.nCombine gelatin and water in small saucepan. Let stand 1 minute. Place over low heat, stirring constantly, until gelatin has dissolved. Remove from heat.nIn large mixing bowl, combine marshmallow creme, flavoring, color and warm gelatin, mixing until smooth. Gently fold in thawed whipped topping.nSpoon filling into chilled crust. Refrigerate 3 hours or until firm. Serve garnished with additional whipped topping and chocolate curls, if desired, ingredients: [14 teaspoon liquid green food coloring, 1 container 8 oz. reduced fat frozen whipped, topping, thawed, Chocolate curls optional, 2 tablespoons margarine, 14 cup light corn syrup, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 2 cups KELLOGGSu00ae COCOA KRISPIESu00ae cereal, 1 envelope unflavored gelatin, 14 cup cold water, 1 jar 7 oz. marshmallow creme, 1 to 1 12 teaspoon peppermint flavoring], title: Mint Chocolate Pie, picturelink: PR7DOLwCBB3iiDzDr3A95ch3fKii9ke}, 8813: {instructions: Trim and halve the figs, place in a saucepan with the wine, sugar, salt and pepper, and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until the wine is reduced by half and slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the thyme sprigs. Serve on top of an assertive cheese, such as Manchego, blue, Taleggio, or a triple cream spread over bread slices., ingredients: [8 ounces dried mission figs, 12 cup red wine, 14 cup sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Cheese and sliced bread, for serving], title: WinePoached Figs, picturelink: uxx5622F45OTYbPWhiJGr8rVWAy56Ae}, 8814: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the gingerbread: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8by8inch cake pan with a little softened butter and line with parchment paper, letting any excess hang over the edges of the pan.nPlace the orange juice and raisins in a measuring cup and set aside to soak. In a mixing bowl add the melted butter, molasses and sour cream, whisking until well combined. Add 1 23 cups of flour, the ginger, baking soday, cinnamon, cloves and salt and whisk together until combined. Drain the raisins, then add them to the batter along with the remaining 1 cup of flour and the crystallized ginger. Combine with a silicone spatula, then pour into the prepared pan and bake until a cake tester inserted into the center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Remove the cake from the oven and set aside to cool completely before cutting the cake into 1inch cubes.nWhile the cake bakes, make the cranberry curd: Into a saucepan set over medium heat, add the sugar, cranberry juice and salt and whisk until smooth. Once the sugar is dissolved, whisk in the egg yolks, then add the butter. Reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring constantly, until the cranberry curd thickens and reaches 170 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove from the heat and transfer the curd to a bowl to cool.nTo assemble: Place a few pieces of the gingerbread cubes in a small jar, add 2 tablespoons of the cranberry curd on top of the gingerbread and top with whipped cream., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus extra butter at room temperature for greasing the pan, 14 cup orange juice, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 cup molasses, 1 cup 8 ounces sour cream, 2 23 cups allpurpose flour, divided, 1 12 teaspoons ground ginger, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup crystallized ginger, 1 12 cups sugar, 14 cup cranberry juice, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 large egg yolks, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pats, Sweetened whipped cream, for serving], title: Gingerbread Jars with Cranberry Curd, picturelink: FldGMcIN71m5jDmIErAqbkY.lQH05tG}, 8815: {instructions: With a hand blender, combine the mushroom and potato leek soup in a pot heat over medium heat until hot. In a separate pot, heat the pea soup until hot.nCombine the creme fraiche with the ginger and lemon zest in a small mixing bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nSpoon the mushroom and leek soup into bowls. Spoon some pea soup into each bowl along with the creme fraiche and swirl. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 can mushroom soup, 1 can potato leek soup, 1 can pea soup, 1 cup creme fraiche, 1 teaspoon grated ginger grated on a rasp grater, 1 lemon, zested, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: MushroomLeekPea Soup with LemonGinger Creme Fraiche, picturelink: lg3wHdHnaIA38A4ke8I44cwtygXFa}, 8816: {instructions: Brush the sliced baguette with olive oil, toast in a 350 degree oven until crisp and golden. Remove from the oven and allow to cool for several minutes before spreading a thin layer of cheese on each crouton and dust the cheese with black pepper. Place the croutons under a broiler to brown the cheese slightly before serving., ingredients: [1 French baguette, sliced into 14inchthick rounds, Olive oil, 4 ounces fresh goat cheese, Cracked black pepper], title: Goat Cheese Croutons, picturelink: null}, 8817: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Set up a large bowl of ice water. Add the green beans to the pot and cook until crisptender, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain and plunge the green beans into the ice water to stop the cooking. Drain the green beans.nWhisk the vinegar, mustard and honey in a large bowl. Whisk in the oil until emulsified. Add the green beans, cannellinis, kidneys, basil, parsley and shallots to the bowl and toss to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, Ice, 8 ounces fresh green beans about 2 cups, washed and cut in half, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, One 15ounce can cannellini beans, rinsed and drained, One 15ounce can red kidney beans, rinsed and drained, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, 1 shallot, minced, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Three Bean Salad, picturelink: .oxjUftd.bOorJyZq6UP6JVguIiZQAO}, 8818: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a spiral cutternWhisk together the oil, vinegar, honey, red pepper flakes and salt and pepper to taste in a small bowl to make a vinaigrette.nIn a large bowl, combine the tomatoes, zucchini, corn and carrots. Pour the vinaigrette over the vegetables and stir to combine. Add the feta and basil and season with salt and pepper.nAllow to sit for at least 30 minutes or up to 2 hours in the refrigerator before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 teaspoons honey, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 20 grape tomatoes, halved, 2 large zucchini, at least 1 12 inches thick, spiral cut into noodles, 2 ears yellow corn, kernels cut off the cobs, 1 large carrot, at least 1 12 inches thick, spiral cut into noodles, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 12 bunch fresh basil, sliced into chiffonade], title: Zucchini Noodle Salad, picturelink: IlLdgiusfHyhCcIQwJZ12KOzqaR2VOq}, 8819: {instructions: Bring 2 12 cups water to a boil in medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add 12 teaspoon cinnamon, the ginger, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Add the carrots and cook until crisptender, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain the carrots, reserving the cooking liquid.nPut the couscous and chicken in a medium bowl pour 1 cup of the hot cooking liquid on top. Stir, then cover tightly with plastic wrap and let sit 5 minutes. Fluff the couscous with a fork.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the almonds, raisins, scallions and the remaining 14 teaspoon cinnamon. Cook, stirring, until the nuts are toasted, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the cilantro.nDivide the couscous and chicken among bowls. Top with the carrots and more of the cooking liquid. Sprinkle with the almond mixture and more cilantro. Top with yogurt andor harissa.nPer serving: Calories 441 Fat 20 g Saturated 7 g Cholesterol 91 mg Sodium 853 mg Carbohydrate 42 g Fiber 8 g Protein 28 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 medium carrots, thinly sliced, 1 cup couscous, preferably whole wheat, 2 cups coarsely shredded rotisserie chicken, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup sliced almonds, 14 cup golden raisins, 4 scallions, white and light green parts only, roughly chopped, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for topping, Greek yogurt andor harissa or other hot sauce, for topping], title: Spiced Couscous and Chicken, picturelink: OHNjng6xwXxjX.L8ELs2NPNZfYbLMC}, 8820: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nSeason the steaks with salt and pepper. In a cast iron pan, heat oil then add the steaks. Sear until lightly colored on each side, about 2 minutes per side. Remove to a roasting pan and roast in oven to the desired doneness.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nVegetables:nIn a large saute pan, heat oil and add the minced shallots. Add the haricots verts until warmed through. Top with the chervil. Season, to taste.nToss the carrots to coat in olive oil. Place in a roasting pan with thyme. Roast for 20 minutes or until carrots are fork tender.nRub the shallots in oil and place in aluminum foil. Place in the same oven and roast about 45 minutes or until shallots are soft enough to squeeze out of their skins. Reserve.nSauce:nIn a small saucepan heat the beef reduction with the red wine and port reductions. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a saute pan combine the carrot juice and the baby carrot and cover. Cook until carrots are soft. Combine the carrots and the butter and puree until smooth. Season with sea salt and pepper.nAligot:nSimmer the potatoes whole with skins in salted water. When tender peel and puree through a sieve with a small amount of butter. Once pureed, reheat and add grated Cantal cheese until the mixture is stringy. You can adjust your emulsion with a bit of warmed milk and whole butter. Season with salt and pepper and serve.nAssembly on the plate: Arrange the heated roasted carrots and shallots on the bottom of the plate. Place the glazed haricots verts on top. Make a small round portion of the Aligot and spoon above the vegetables. Slice the meat against the grain and shingle out slices over the potato puree.nSauce the beef with the beef reduction, and spoon the carrot sauce around the vegetables.nPlace a ribbon of the sauce around the plated vegetables, ingredients: [4 pieces, aged beef ribeye steaks, Sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for searing, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 2 shallots minced, 8 ounces haricots verts, blanched, sliced on a bias, 2 teaspoons picked chervil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 bunches baby carrots, peeled, Olive oil, for coating, 10 small shallots, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 cup beef reduction, 14 cup red wine reduction, to taste, 14 cup port reduction, to taste, 3 carrots, juiced, 1 bunch baby carrots, peeled and greens removed, 1 ounce butter, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 pounds Idaho potatoes, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 1 pound Cantal or Laguiole cheese, grated, 1 ounce milk, Unsalted butter, for adjusting consistency, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Prime Aged Cote de Boeuf with Roasted Baby Carrots, Shallots and Aligot, picturelink: 3ENo21eejvN1rr1N6lJfWKGNXyU1Uq}, 8821: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill footed mug or a mug with hot water to preheat it, then empty. Pour piping hot coffee into warmed glass until it is about 34 full. Add the brown sugar and stir until completely dissolved. Blend in Irish whiskey. Top with a collar of the whipped heavy cream by pouring gently over back of spoon. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 cup freshly brewed hot coffee, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 jigger Irish whiskey 1 12 ounces or 3 tablespoons, Heavy cream, slightly whipped], title: Original Irish Coffee, picturelink: SXni0ZtF7yhAZtdRB9B5QZX5nopUoDq}, 8822: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a large saucepan with water and bring to a boil. With a ladle, slowly lower the eggs into the water one by one. Reduce the heat to a low boil and cook for 10 minutes. Drain.nWhen the eggs are cool enough to handle, remove the shells. Slice each egg in half lengthwise. Remove the yolks and place them in a food processor. Arrange the whites cutside up on a serving platter.nTo the food processor, add the mayonnaise, lemon zest and juice, mustard, salt, pepper and avocado. Process until well blended and smooth, then transfer to a resealable plastic bag. With scissors, snip off a bottom corner from the bag. Using the bag like a pastry bag, pipe the yolk mixture into the egg whites. Garnish with watercress. Serve immediately or cover loosely and chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [12 large eggs, 12 cup mayonnaise, Grated zest of 1 lemon plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 avocado, diced, Watercress leaves, for garnish], title: Avocado Deviled Eggs, picturelink: OMtndTwFkMsxKaGA.5PhPndkBnI9Kl6}, 8823: {instructions: For the beans with arugula and tomatoes: Slice the bacon strips into 4 even pieces and cook in a large stock pot over mediumhigh heat until brown and starting to get crispy. Add the onion and stir, making sure to scrape the bottom of pot. Cook until the onion is soft, about 5 minutes. Add the beans, chicken stock, 8 cups of water, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat to mediumlow and simmer. Stir the beans frequently and check the water level: If they start looking dry add a little more water. When the beans no longer float, after about an hour, reduce the heat to low. Continue cooking until the beans are soft, 25 to 30 minutes more.nFor the grilled fish: Heat a grill or heavy grill pan over mediumhigh heat. If using a grill, coat the fish with the oil, season with salt and pepper and add to the grill using tongs to adjust the fish and prevent sticking. If using a grill pan, season the fish with salt and pepper and add the oil to the grill pan if the oil begins to smoke, reduce the heat slightly. Cook the fish until white on all sides and edges and firm to the touch, 3 to 4 minutes per side.nJust before serving, add the tomatoes and arugula to the beans and stir in to heat the tomatoes and wilt the arugula, just a few minutes. Serve with the fish., ingredients: [8 ounces applewoodsmoked bacon strips, 1 small yellow onion, diced, 3 pounds dried white beans, 14 cup highquality chicken stock or broth, 3 tablespoon salt, 3 tablespoon black pepper, 1 cup diced tomatoes, 2 cups arugula, Three to four fresh 6ounce grouper fillets or like fish, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, Sea salt and pepper], title: Grilled Grouper and Stewed White Beans with Arugula and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 8824: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat with EVOO, a couple of turns of the pan.nAdd the beef, season with salt and pepper, and brown. Add the salami and brown. Add the onion, garlic, chiles, Cubanelle pepper and oregano and stir to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste, stir a minute more, then add the passata or tomato sauce, stock and wine, reduce the heat and simmer 20 to 30 minutes to thicken. Cool and store. Reheat over medium heat with a splash of water or stock to loosen up.nTo serve, finely chop the giardiniera and parsley in a food processor or by hand to make a relish. Lightly toast or warm the rolls in the oven. Serve the sloppy mix on the rolls, topped with the relish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons EVOO, 1 12 pounds ground beef, sirloin leaner or chuck more buttery, Salt and pepper, 14 pound of spicy salami, sliced 14inch thick at the deli and chopped into 14inch dice, 1 onion, chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 to 2 spicy to hot heat level chiles Fresno or Italian cherry, seeded and chopped, 1 Cubanelle pepper Italian frying pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup passata or tomato sauce, 1 cup beef stock, 12 cup dry red wine, About 1 cup drained giardiniera hot pickled vegetable salad, Small handful parsley, Ciabatta or other crusty rolls], title: Sloppy Whatdyaknow Joes, Pizzaiola Style, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 8825: {instructions: 1.HEAT oven to 375 degrees F. 2.COMBINE chocolate chips and unsweetened chocolate in microwavesafe dish. Microwave on MEDIUM 50 power 2 minutes. Stir. Repeat until smooth. Cool slightly. 3.BEAT sugar and shortening in large bowl at medium speed of electric mixer until blended and crumbly. Beat in eggs, one at a time, then salt and vanilla. Reduce speed to low. Slowly mix in chocolate until well blended. Combine flour and baking soda. Add to chocolate mixture. 4.SHAPE dough into 1 14inch balls. Roll in chopped peanuts. Place 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets. 5.BAKE 7 to 10 minutes or until set. Immediately press peanut butter cup down into center of each cookie. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheet. Place on cooling rack to cool completely. 6.PLACE peanut butter in resealable food storage bag. Seal. Microwave on HIGH 100 power 10 seconds. Knead. Cut small tip off one corner of bag. Drizzle over cookies., ingredients: [1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 2 1 oz. squares unsweetened baking chocolate, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening OR 12 stick Criscou00ae Butter Shortening Sticks, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup finely chopped peanuts, 36 miniature peanut butter cups, unwrapped, 13 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup Cookies, picturelink: null}, 8826: {instructions: Whisk the honey, lime juice and spices together in a small bowl. Slowly whisk in enough extravirgin olive oil to emulsify the dressing. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCombine the cabbage, apples and peanuts in a large serving bowl. Add the dressing and toss well. Serve., ingredients: [4 teaspoons honey, 4 limes, juiced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon garam masala, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small head green cabbage, finely shredded, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and sliced into thin matchsticks, 14 cup roasted peanuts], title: AppleLimePeanut Slaw, picturelink: W6efjgnC228dGIVhYL.1h.zOCZvwugS}, 8827: {instructions: In a small saucepan over high heat, reduce the vinegar to 14 cup. In a mixing bowl, combine the vinegar syrup with the mustard, honey, and ancho chile powder and season to taste with salt and pepper. Let rest 30 minutes. Preheat grill. Brush the salmon with the glaze and grill 3 minutes on each side for medium., ingredients: [1 cup sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 salmon fillets, 6 ounces each], title: Grilled Salmon with Sherry VinegarHoney Glaze, picturelink: null}, 8828: {instructions: Combine the almond cream ingredients and in a pastry bag with a large opening no tip and set aside. Halve the puff pastry and roll each into an 8 12inch circle, 18 inch thick.nPlace 1 of the circles on a parchment paper lined baking sheet. Pipe a 5inch diameter mound of almond cream in the center of the circle. The mound should be about 1inch high. Prepare the egg wash: Whisk together the egg yolks, whole egg, and milk in a small bowl until well combined.nLightly brush the remaining 1 12inch rim of the pastry circle with the egg wash. Place the second circle of puff pastry over the first. Gently press against the sides of the almond cream mound to remove any trapped air. Seal the edges of the 2 layers by pressing the top edge into the bottom edge. Use a sharp knife to give the circle a fluted edge like a flower. Use a sharp knife to pierce a 12inch slit in the top layer at the center. This will allow steam to escape during baking. To make the classic pattern in the top, use a sharp knife to score a curved line that begins at the top of the mound and ends at the bottom of the mound. Repeat this line every 12 inch around the circumference of the mound, but be careful not to cut through the top layer and into the almond cream. Lightly brush the top with egg wash.nLet the frangipane rest in the refrigerator for 1 hour before baking. At this point, you can wrap the frangipane well in plastic wrap and freeze for up to 2 weeks. Let it thaw in the refrigerator or in your backpack before baking. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F 175 degrees C. Bake until it begins to brown slightly, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare the glaze: Stir together the corn syrup and water.nRemove the frangipane from the oven and brush it well with the corn syrup mixture. This adds sweetness, enhances the color, and gives it a crispy crust. Continue to bake until well risen and evenly browned, about another 20 minutes. The baked frangipane should be flaky and tender, and the almond cream center still moist. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and let cool on a wire rack. The frangipane is best when served while it is still slightly warm. Use a serrated knife to slice it., ingredients: [14 cup, plus 1 12 teaspoons room temperature unsalted butter, 14 cup, plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 cup almond flour, 1 medium egg, 2 tablespoons flour, 13 ounces chilled puff pastry, store bought puff pastry ok, 1 large egg yolk, 1 medium egg, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 14 cup light corn syrup, 1 12 tablespoons water], title: Frangipane, picturelink: null}, 8829: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Stir together the beans, oregano and 1 cup cheese in a bowl. Add the chicken, season with pepper and stir until evenly combined.nStir the salsa together with 1 cup water in a bowl, then transfer 1 cup to cover the bottom of a 13 by9inch baking dish. Stack the tortillas, wrap them in damp paper towels and microwave until warm and pliable, about 15 seconds.nArrange the tortillas on a workspace, then divide the chicken filling among the tortillas about 14cup filling per tortilla. Roll the tortillas up like a cigar, then transfer them to the baking dish seamside down, positioning the rolls so that the dish is filled evenly. Press the rolls gently with your hands so they begin to soak the sauce up. Pour the remaining salsa mixture over the rolled tortillas, then sprinkle with the remaining 2 cups cheese.nBake the enchiladas until the cheese melts and the enchiladas are hot in the center, about 30 minutes. Serve hot with sour cream and pickled jalapenos., ingredients: [One 15ounce can refried beans about 1 cup, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 ounces 3 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 12 rotisserie chicken, meat shredded about 2 14 cups, bones and skin discarded, Freshly ground black pepper, One 16ounce jar mediumspicy tomato salsa, Twelve 6inch corn tortillas, Sour cream and pickled jalapenos, for serving], title: Shortcut Chicken Enchiladas, picturelink: null}, 8830: {instructions: Heat the oven to 450 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle.nCombine mushrooms, 3 tablespoons oil, and rosemary on a baking sheet, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and toss to coat. Place in oven and roast until mushrooms are shrunken, and browned about, 20 minutes. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon of the balsamic and toss to coat.nScatter half of the Parmesan on the pizza. Discard rosemary and arrange mushrooms on top. Distribute ricotta on top of the mushrooms and top with remaining Parmesan and a drizzle of the olive oil. Bake until crust is browned and cheese is melted, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat a small frying pan over medium heat, and add remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. When oil shimmers, add egg and fry until set, bubbly and brown on the edges, and the pan is almost dry. Carefully add remaining 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar and reduce slightly. Place egg on top of pizza. Reduce the balsamic vinegar about 1 to 2 minutes more, until syrupy, then drizzle over pizza and serve., ingredients: [1 14 pounds button or cremini mushrooms, quartered, 14 cup olive oil, 4 sprigs rosemary, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 1 pound storebought baked pizza crust, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 8 ounces fresh ricotta, 1 large egg], title: Herbed Roasted Mushrooms with Fried Egg, picturelink: lp1aY1N3LQzUAVWBjDiSkUMn05mACZe}, 8831: {instructions: Season the pork meat generously with salt and pepper, lightly flour. Heat oil in a heavybottomed skillet over medium high heat and brown pork chunks well in small batches, on all sides. Lift pork out of pan and place in a wide soup pot. Discard fat and place the onions and peppers in the same skillet and sweat over moderate heat, stirring occasionally until limp, about 5 minutes. Add all of the chiles and cook an additional 34 minutes, then add the garlic and cook 12 minutes more.nAdd the Sauteed vegetables, chopped tomatillos, dried herbs and cilantro to the meat, cover with the chicken stock and bring up to a boil and reduce to a slight simmer. Cook for 23 hours uncovered or until the pork is fork tender.nAdjust the seasoning to taste with salt and pepper. Serve with red rice for a delightful contrast., ingredients: [4 pounds pork butt or shoulder, trimmed of fat and cut into 2inch cubes, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Flour for dredging, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 yellow onions, 2 green bell peppers, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 Anaheim or Poblano chiles, cut into 1inch cubes, 23 jalapenos, seeds removed, and finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, peeled and finely chopped, 1 12 pounds tomatillos, roasted, peeled and chopped, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, crushed and soaked in a scant amount of water, 2 bay leaves, 1 bunch cilantro leaves, cleaned and chopped, 4 cups chicken stock], title: Pork Chile Verde, picturelink: null}, 8832: {instructions: In a shallow nonreactive dish combine the mustard, barbecue sauce and olive oil season with rosemary, salt and pepper.nTurn butterflied pieces of tenderloin in the mixture and marinate for 30 minutes at least or for an hour while marinating, take the time to prepare the side dishnPreheat your grill or broiler and broil for 6 to 7 minutes a side only let tenderloin rest on a cutting board for 10 minutes before cutting it on the bias into thin slices., ingredients: [2 tablespoons each of Dijon mustard, barbecue sauce and olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 16 ounce pork tenderloin, halved and butterflied], title: Barbecued Grilled Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 8833: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray 16 regularsize muffin cups with cooking spray. In small bowl, mix granulated sugar, flour and cinnamon. Separate dough into 16 triangles. For each roll, dip 1 marshmallow in melted butter roll in sugar mixture. Place marshmallow on shortest side of triangle. Roll up, starting at shortest side and rolling to opposite point. Completely cover marshmallow with dough firmly pinch edges to seal. Dip 1 end in remaining butter place butter side down in muffin cup. Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown place sheet of foil or cookie sheet on oven rack below muffin cups to guard against spills. Cool rolls in pan 1 minute. Remove from muffin cups place on cooling racks set over sheet of waxed paper. In small bowl, stir glaze ingredients until smooth, adding enough milk for drizzling consistency drizzle over warm rolls. Serve warm. High Altitude 35006500 ft: No change., ingredients: [14 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons Pillsbury BESTu00ae allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cans 8 oz each Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls, 16 large marshmallows, 14 cup butter or margarine, melted, 12 cup powdered sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 2 to 3 teaspoons milk], title: Magic Marshmallow Crescent Puffs, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 8834: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the fried chicken: Using a mallet, lightly pound the thighs to flatten. Combine the hot sauce and 2 cups of the buttermilk in a large resealable gallon bag. Slice the chicken into 1inch thick slices and add to the bag. Marinate for 40 minutes in the fridge.nIn a large, deep castiron or heavy skillet, bring the oil to 350 degrees F.nRemove the chicken strips from the marinade and lightly pat away excess. Place the panko breadcrumbs into a large mixing bowl and season with the granulated garlic, marjoram, thyme, salt and pepper.nPut the flour and remaining 2 cups buttermilk into separate, medium mixing bowls. Season each with salt and pepper. Dredge one piece of chicken at a time by first placing into flour and patting off the excess. Then place the floured slices into the buttermilk. Finally, transfer to the seasoned panko crumbs. Dust with panko crumbs, pressing gently to ensure the coating sticks. Set onto a wire rack fitted over a baking sheet and repeat until all the thighs are dredged.nPlace the thighs into the oil in batches and fry until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Do not overcrowd the oil. Once browned and the internal temperature reads 165 degrees F, remove from the oil and set on a towellined dish to drain. Season with kosher salt.nFor the salad: In a large glass mixing bowl, toss the lettuce with the beans, corn, cucumbers, tomatoes and shaved radish. Add in 1 cup ButtermilkChive Dressing and toss to coat. Serve the chicken on top of the salad. Drizzle with a little extra dressing.nOn a flat cutting board, smash the garlic cloves with the flat side of a knife. Add the salt to make a paste, pressing downward and scraping with blade of knife. Reserve the paste.nIn a medium glass mixing bowl, combine the buttermilk, mayonnaise, sour cream, white vinegar, chives, parsley, dill and garlic paste. Blend well with a whisk or immersion blender. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve, at least 1 hour., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 4 cups buttermilk, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 4 cups canola oil, for frying, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon dried marjoram, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 head iceberg lettuce, rinsed, core removed and chopped into bitesize pieces, 1 cup cooked black beans, 1 cup cooked corn kernels, 1 cup peeled, seeded and diced cucumbers, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, cut in half, 1 small bunch red radishes, rinsed and finely sliced, ButtermilkChive Dressing, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, 23 cup buttermilk, 13 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons white vinegar, 3 tablespoons finely sliced fresh chives, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh Italian parsley, 14 teaspoon dried dill, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Fried Chicken Salad with ButtermilkChive Dressing, picturelink: tLQCGYgtyISqoSH35GUMD4UZNnqofW6}, 8835: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the scallion whites and cook until light brown, about 3 minutes. Add the sauerkraut and apple and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the sauerkraut is lightly browned and dry, about 10 minutes. Add half of the scallion greens and cook for 1 minute.nPreheat the broiler. Mix the mayonnaise, chili sauce, the remaining scallion greens, the capers and their liquid, and the dill pickling liquid.nSpread about 12 teaspoon butter on one side of each bread slice. Place 4 slices, butteredside down, on a foillined baking sheet. Spread each with some of the mayonnaise mixture, then layer the turkey, dill pickles and sauerkraut mixture on top. Sprinkle with the cheese and broil until the cheese melts, about 2 minutes.nSpread more of the mayonnaise mixture on the unbuttered sides of the other 4 bread slices place butteredside up on the sandwiches. Return to the broiler until golden, turning once, about 2 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 3 scallions, white parts and 2 inches of green, finely chopped, 1 8ounce can sauerkraut, drained and rinsed, 1 small apple, peeled and grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 to 3 tablespoons chili sauce, 2 teaspoons capers, chopped, plus 1 teaspoon liquid, 8 slices dill pickle, plus 1 teaspoon pickling liquid, 8 slices seeded rye bread, 1 pound delisliced turkey, 1 12 to 2 cups grated Swiss cheese about 6 ounces], title: Turkey Reubens, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 8836: {instructions: 2 days ahead: Make braised short ribsn1 day ahead: Slice vegetables Make apricot walnut fillingnOn the day: Reheat and finish braised short ribsnMake tempura batternFry vegetablesnBake apples, ingredients: [], title: Game Plan: Wine Pairing Dinner Party, picturelink: null}, 8837: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, stir the orange juice and honey together until well blended. Add the fruit and toss to combine. Scoop the ice cream into 4 dessert bowls and top with the fruit mixture. Spoon the rum over the top and sprinkle with toasted coconut. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup orange juice, 12 tablespoon honey, 1 cup diced fresh pineapple 12inch pieces, 12 cup seedless grapes, 1 banana, sliced, 1 mango, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 12 cup canned mandarin oranges in light syrup, strained, 1 kiwi, peeled, halved lengthwise and cut across into 14inch pieces, 1 cup fat free vanilla ice cream, 4 tablespoons rum, 2 tablespoons shredded unsweetened coconut, toasted], title: Janettes Ambrosia, picturelink: null}, 8838: {instructions: For the salad: Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the snap peas and cook until vibrant green, about 1 to 2 minutes. Drain and transfer to a bowl of iced water to cool, about 2 minutes. Drain and add to a salad bowl. Stir in the cucumbers, tomatoes and dill.nFor the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil and lemon zest until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPour the dressing over the salad and toss until coated.nCooks Note: As an alternative to boiling, the snap peas can be lightly steamed for 2 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound sugar snap peas, trimmed, 2 small Persian cucumbers, unpeeled, thinly sliced, 1 cup about 12 pint cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice from 12 large lemon, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Snap Pea and Cucumber Salad, picturelink: null}, 8839: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees.nOver medium heat, melt 1 tablespoon of butter in a saute pan. Add 3 bananas, coarsely chopped, and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of sugar. Stir well to blend sugar and butter. Cover and cook for 5 minutes.nMash bananas with the back of a wooden spoon. Add the juice of 14 lemon to the mixture, raise heat to high, add 3 tablespoons Spanish brandy, and boil for 1 minute. Remove from heat, divide among 6 round, shallow, 6 ovenproof dishes, and let cool.nPlace 3 cups of heavy cream in a saucepan with 1 vanilla bean. Bring to a boil, then remove from heat. Reserve.nPlace 8 egg yolks and 5 tablespoons of sugar in the top of a double boiler. Stir over simmering water until the mixture becomes fairly thickabout 15 minutes. Add the reserved cream with vanilla bean, and stir the mixture over simmering water for 10 minutes. Remove from heat, and ladle over the cooled banana puree in the 6 dishes.nPlace the six dishes in 12inch of water in a roasting pan. Place in the oven, and bake for 40 minutes. When done, remove and chill for at least 1 hour.nWhen ready to serve, place the dishes on a bed of cracked ice in a roasting pan. Sprinkle 2 teaspoons of light brown sugar over each dish, distributing evenly. Place under a broiler for 3 minutes, or until sugar caramelizes. Remove and serve immediately, or rechill and serve cold., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 bananas, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon sugar, Juice of 14 lemon, 3 tablespoons Spanish brandy, 3 cups heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, 8 egg yolks, 5 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons light brown sugar], title: Creme Brulee with Banana Puree, picturelink: null}, 8840: {instructions: To make the Green Curry Paste: In a food processor, combine the peppers, shallot, lemon grass and fresh ginger, and pulse to roughly chop. Add in anchovy paste, spices and oil and puree to form a paste.nIn a large heavy pan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil and 3 tablespoons of the green curry paste. Stir rapidly for 1 minute, then slowly add the coconut milk. Stir for 2 minutes and bring to a boil. Add in the peppers and onions, then reduce heat and simmer for 3 minutes.nIn a large measuring cup, combine lime juice, fish sauce, brown sugar, and cornstarch. Slowly pour into simmering coconut mixture. Add in the chicken pieces and bring to a low boil. Simmer for 25 minutes, adjusting with additional curry powder, curry paste, and salt, if needed.nTo serve: Serve rice in individual bowls, top with curry, then garnish with your choice of toppings.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nAdd the pears and garlic cloves to a large bowl and drizzle with olive oil. Combine brown sugar, cinnamon, cloves, 1 teaspoon of the red pepper flakes, salt and lemon juice in a small bowl. Sprinkle over the pears and toss to evenly coat. Arrange pears cut side down on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper, and bake for 15 minutes in the preheated oven. Flip pears over and pour a little bit of the maple syrup into each divot where the core was removed. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes more, then remove to a cutting board and let cool. When cool enough to handle, peel and dice.nWhile the pears are cooling, combine the remaining ingredients in a small nonreactive saucepan, and bring to a simmer over low heat. Remove from heat and cool slightly. Combine the pears and the sauce and refrigerate in a covered container for 24 hours, and up to 1 week., ingredients: [2 serrano peppers, seeds removed, 2 Anaheim peppers, seeds removed, 1 shallot, 1 lemongrass stalk, about 5 inches, after trimming, roughly chopped, 1 2inch knuckle ginger, chopped, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 1 tablespoon hot curry powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 tablespoon ground turmeric, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons green curry paste, 2 14ounce cans coconut milk, 2 small red bell peppers, sliced into 2 by 34inch pieces, 1 small poblano pepper, sliced into 2 by 34inch pieces, 2 small red onions, sliced in half rings, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 5 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, sliced across grain into bitesized pieces, 1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into bitesized pieces, 2 cups jasmine rice, cooked, 12 pound bacon, cooked and crumbled, 3 Roma tomatoes, seeds removed and diced, 1 bunch green onions, thinly sliced, 13 cup diced red bell pepper, 2 eggs, hardboiled and diced, 13 cup raisins, 12 cup dry roasted and salted peanuts, 12 cup coconut, toasted, 1 cup Spicy Pear Chutney, recipe follows, 5 ripe Bosc pears, cut in 12 and cored, 5 garlic cloves, peeled, smashed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 13 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon cloves, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 lemon, juiced about 2 tablespoons, 13 cup maple syrup, 1 red onion, diced, 12 serrano pepper, seeded and minced, 3 tablespoons minced shallot, 3 tablespoons finely minced fresh ginger, 13 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 12 cup dried cranberries], title: Thai Green Curry Chicken, picturelink: null}, 8841: {instructions: Fill a large goblet halfway with white wineu20ac, and then fill another quarter with your juice of choice, and finish with club soda. Garnish according to the juice, using zest, pomegranate seeds or apple slices., ingredients: [Crisp white wine such as Sauvignon Blanc, very cold, Fresh juice, such as pink grapefruit, blood orange, pomegranate or cranberryapple, Citrusflavored club soda, very cold, Grapefruit and orange zest, for garnish, Pomegranate seeds, for garnish, Red apple slices, for garnish], title: Wine Fruit Sparklers, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 8842: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Pour yogurt into a shallow dish or plate. Pour bread crumbs into a separate shallow dish or plate. Dredge chicken through yogurt, shake off excess, place in crumbs, and coat all over. Gently shake off excess crumbs. Spray a large nonstick pan with olive oil or pan coating. Place tenders on the pan and bake for 6 minutes. Turn tenders over and bake another 6 minutes, or until tenders are crisp and cooked through., ingredients: [1 pound boneless, skinless chicken tenders, Salt and pepper, One 8ounce container plain yogurt, 2 cups finely ground, toasted bread crumbs, Olive oil or pan coating], title: Chicken Tenders, picturelink: J4focdsxGdUg6QAWJk3wuSyCw.BBKP.}, 8843: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nPour the melted butter into a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, 1 cup sugar, the baking powder, and the salt and mix well. Stir in the milk, mixing until just combined. Pour this batter over the butter but do not stir them together.nIn a small saucepan, combine the peaches, lemon juice, and remaining cup of sugar and bring to a boil over high heat, stirring constantly. Pour the peaches over the batter but do not stir them together. Sprinkle with cinnamon or nutmeg if desired.nBake in the preheated oven for 40 to 45 minutes or until the top is goldenbrown. Serve warm or cold., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups sugar, 3 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch salt, 1 cup milk, 4 cups peeled, pitted and thinly sliced fresh peaches 5 to 6 medium peaches, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Several dashes ground cinnamon or ground nutmeg optional], title: Easy Peach Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 8844: {instructions: Make the dressing: Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil add the garlic and cook 2 minutes. Remove the garlic and place in a blender with the cherry tomatoes, vinegar and basil puree until smooth. With the motor running, add the olive oil in a slow, steady stream and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nMake the salad: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente about 2 minutes less than the label directs. Drain and rinse under cool water shake off the excess. Transfer the pasta to a bowl and toss with the dressing.nShave the zucchini into strips with a vegetable peeler or mandoline halve the strips crosswise and add to the pasta. Add the tomatoes, bocconcini, pine nuts and basil and toss. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately or refrigerate, covered, up to 6 hours. Bring to room temperature before serving.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 clove garlic, 12 cup cherry tomatoes preferably mixed colors, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup fresh basil, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Kosher salt, 8 ounces campanelle or fusilli pasta about 4 cups, 1 small zucchini, 1 12 cups halved cherry tomatoes, 1 cup halved bocconcini small mozzarella balls, 14 cup pine nuts or slivered almonds, toasted, 12 cup fresh basil, thinly sliced, Freshly ground pepper], title: Garden Pasta With Bocconcini, picturelink: b7NtpyanVXCzFrAGH.4H993xUCIOi}, 8845: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 24count mini muffin tins with paper liners.nIn a blender combine the strawberries reserve about 12 small strawberries for garnish, slicing each into 4 with 14 cup water and puree until smooth. Puree should equal about 1 34 cups, if not add more water. Set aside 14 cup of the puree for frosting.nIn a large mixing bowl, using an electric mixer, beat together the cake mix, egg whites, vegetable oil, and 1 12 cups of pureed strawberries for 2 minutes. Scrape down the sides of bowl to make sure all the batter is well incorporated. Using a mini icecream scoop, fill the muffin tins about 34 of the way to the top. Bake until the tops are golden and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the tins from the oven cool slightly before removing the muffins. Cool completely on a wire rack before frosting.nFrosting: In a mixing bowl that fits over the top of a pot of boiling water, combine all of the ingredients, except the vanilla and food coloring. Beat with hand mixer on medium speed, while mixture cooks, until peaks are formed when the beaters are lifted out of the bowl, about 7 minutes. Remove the bowl from the heat and add vanilla and red food coloring to the desired pink shade. Frost the cupcakes with the colored frosting and garnish each with a strawberry slice., ingredients: [1 pound strawberries, washed and hulled, 14 cup water, 1 18.25ounce box white cake mix, 3 egg whites, 13 cup canola oil, 2 egg whites, 1 cup sugar, Reserved strawberry puree, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Red food coloring], title: Blushing Strawberry Cupcakes, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 8846: {instructions: Heat the oil in a small frying pan over low heat. When hot, add the caraway seeds and chili powder and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the shrimp, mustard, salt, and lemon juice and stir well. Cover the pan and cook for 5 to 6 minutes. Stir the mixture well and serve with Saffron Pilaf, a basic rice pilaf laced with saffron and a green salad., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon caraway seeds, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 1 pound raw shrimp, shelled, cleaned, washed, and dried, 1 12 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Pinch salt, 14 cup lemon juice], title: Mustard Shrimp SarsonWalla Jhingha, picturelink: null}, 8847: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLay the flank steak in a large baking dish and pour the mojo over it. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour or up to 8 hours, so the flavors can sink into the meat. Dont marinate the steak for more than 8 hours though, or the fibers break down too much and the meat gets mushy.nPreheat an outdoor grill or a ridged grill pan over mediumhigh flame you can also use a broiler. Brush the grates with a little oil to prevent the meat from sticking. Pull the steak out of the mojo marinade and season the steak on both sides with salt and pepper. Grill or broil the steak for 7 to 10 minutes per side, turning once, until mediumrare. Remove the steak to a cutting board and let it rest for 5 minutes to allow the juices to settle. Thinly slice the steak across the grain on a diagonal.nWarm the tortillas for 30 seconds on each side in a dry skillet or on the grill, until toasty and pliable.nTo make the tacos, stack up 2 of the warm tortillas, lay about 4 ounces of beef down the center, and sprinkle with some lettuce, onion, and cheese. Top each taco with a spoonful of the Pico de Gallo salsa and garnish with lime wedges. Repeat with the remaining tortillas.nIn a mortar and pestle or bowl, mash together the garlic, jalapeno, cilantro, salt, and pepper to make a paste. Put the paste in a glass jar or plastic container. Add the lime juice, orange juice, vinegar, and oil. Shake it up really well to combine. Use as a marinade for chicken or beef or as a table condiment.nYield: approximately 1 14 cupsnIn a mixing bowl, combine all ingredients together. Toss thoroughly. Let it sit for 15 minutes hour to allow the flavors to marry.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [2 pounds flank or skirt steak, trimmed of excess fat, 1 recipe Mojo, recipe follows, Olive oil, for coating the grill, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 7inch corn tortillas, Shredded romaine or iceberg lettuce, for serving, Chopped white onion, for serving, Shredded Jack cheese, for serving, 12 cup Pico de Gallo, recipe follows, 2 limes, cut in wedges for serving, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 1 jalapeno, minced, 1 large handful fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 limes, juiced, 1 orange, juiced, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, 4 vineripe tomatoes, chopped, 12 medium red onion, chopped, 2 green onions, white and green parts, sliced, 1 Serrano chile, minced, 1 handful fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 lime, juiced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Tacos Carne Asada, picturelink: eBeBuJp1P8hB8GG.GJYop6aVhtkFb5K}, 8848: {instructions: In a pot combine chicken, carrots, and water. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook for 8 to 10 minutes. Add peas and macaroni and continue to cook for another 4 to 5 minutes. In a food processor puree mixture until smooth. Add extra water or stock to achieve desired consistency., ingredients: [1 skinless and boneless chicken breast, cut into chunks, 1 carrot, peeled and chopped, 2 cups water or homemade chicken stock with no salt, 12 cup frozen peas, 12 cup cooked elbow macaroni or other pasta], title: One Pot Chicken Entree, picturelink: null}, 8849: {instructions: Mix sugar, salt and cornstarch and add to chopped cranberries and molasses. Pour into pastrylined pan. Dot with butter and cover with top crust. Bake at 425 degrees for about 35 minutes, ingredients: [1 quart cranberries chopped, 12 cup molasses, 1 13 cups sugar, Salt to taste, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 double pie crust], title: Cranberry Pie, picturelink: null}, 8850: {instructions: 1. Whisk the flour and 2 teaspoons salt together with 2 cups water in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat and cook until the mixture thickens, pulls away from the side of the pan, and is a thick paste consistency, about 4 minutes. Stir in the chickpeas. Spoon leveled tablespoons of the mixture onto a parchmentlined baking sheet and flatten to 1inch wide rounds about 13inch thick. Cover and chill for at least 30 minutes. The recipe can be prepared up to this point and chilled overnight.n2. Fill a small skillet with 1inch oil and heat to 375 degrees F. Fry the fritters until golden, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain.n3. Stir 14 cup chopped parsley into the ricotta, then dollop onto warm or room temperature fritters. Top with the chopped olives, 1 small parsley leaf, and a sprinkle of salt., ingredients: [1 12 cups chickpea flour, Kosher salt, 12 cup canned chickpeas, drained and coarsely mashed, Vegetable oil, for frying, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus more parsley leaves for serving, 1 cup fresh ricotta, 14 cup oilcured black olives, coarsely chopped], title: Panelle with Ricotta and OilCured Black Olives, picturelink: null}, 8851: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, cream the butter and sugar till light and fluffy. Mix in the vanilla, lime juice, and lime zest. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and incorporate well.nIn a separate bowl, combine the bread crumbs, flour, all the spices, baking powder, and salt.nIn another bowl, combine rum and port. Add flour mixture alternately with rumport mixture into the batter.nPrepare a 9inch cake or spring form pan by lining bottom and sides with parchment paper. Fill the pan 34 of the way and bake until a skewer comes out of the center of the cake clean, about an 1 hour and 10 minutes.nPut raisins, prunes, cinnamon sticks, and vanilla beans in a glass jar and cover with mixture of equal parts Jamaican white rum, Jamaican spiced rum, and Port. Cover with a tight fitting lid, label, and date the jar. Put in a cool, dry cupboard. From time to time, check the fruits to see if more liquor is needed, as the fruits will plump and soak up the liquid. Keep the fruit covered in liquor. It is best to allow the fruit to marinated for at least a month for best flavor., ingredients: [12 pound unsalted butter, 12 pound light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 6 eggs, 6 ounces bread crumbs, 6 ounces flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon cloves, ground, 1 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup with rum, 1 pint Port, 4 cups mixed marinated fruit, recipe follows, squeezed, 1 pound black raisins, 1 pound golden raisins, 1 pound prunes, cut in quarters or eighths, depending on size., 4 cinnamon sticks, 2 vanilla beans, split, 5 ounces Jamaican White rum, 5 ounces Jamaican Spiced Rum, 5 ounces Port wine], title: Rum Spice Cake, picturelink: null}, 8852: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor, combine the yogurt, ginger, turmeric, cumin, paprika, cayenne, garlic, and onion, and process to a smooth puree. Put the puree into a shallow, flat dish and place the chicken breasts into the puree, coating both sides evenly. Allow to marinate, covered and refrigerated, for several hours or overnight.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees.nSeason the chicken breasts lightly with salt and pepper and place on a rack in a roasting pan that has been preheated for 10 minutes in the oven. Roast the chicken, turning once, until fully cooked but still moist and not dried out. Cooking time will vary depending on the size and thickness of the chicken breasts.nAlternately, prepare an outdoor grill and cook over indirect heat with the lid on, turning once. Serve the chicken breast with a salad and a grain such as lentils to make a complete meal., ingredients: [1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast, 12 cup nonfat yogurt, 2 tablespoons fresh ginger, grated, 1 tablespoon ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon finely minced garlic, 1 small white onion, roughly chopped about 14 cup], title: Tandoori Roasted Chicken, picturelink: null}, 8853: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the olives, capers, anchovies and garlic in a food processor fitted with a steel blade, and pulse 3 times. Add the olive oil, lemon juice, mustard, thyme and parsley and process until chunky.nServe on toasts., ingredients: [12 pound good black olives, such as kalamata, pitted and diced, 3 tablespoons capers, drained, 8 anchovy fillets, 1 garlic clove, minced, 12 cup good olive oil, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 baguette, sliced and toasted], title: Tapenade, picturelink: V9GclU34nPKf7qewnPjaw5aeXmXh1Ay}, 8854: {instructions: Chicken:nPlace chicken in a stockpot or large saucepan. Add water, salt, celery, and onion and simmer over low heat until chicken is fully cooked through. Increase heat to bring chicken and stock to a boil. Add dumplings, cover, and boil gently 8 to 10 minutes or until dumplings and chicken are tender. Ladle into serving bowls.nDumplings:nCombine flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl. Cut in the shortening. Add milk to make a stiff dough and knead until incorporated. Roll dough out to about 18inch thickness and cut into 1inch strips, squares, or diamonds. Add to chicken and stock as directed above., ingredients: [1 small chicken about 1 12 pounds, cut into 8 pieces, skin removed, 1 12 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 celery stalk, diced, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup chopped onion, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable shortening, 12 cup skim milk], title: Chicken and Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 8855: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCream the butter and sugar, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs and mix thoroughly. Then add the milk and gradually add the flour, making a light, soft dough. Roll the dough out so itu00bfs very thin. Cut into rounds and put on a buttered baking pan. Bake until the cakes are yellowish in color, about 8 minutes., ingredients: [1 stick butter, plus more for the pan, 12 cup powdered sugar, 4 eggs, beaten, 12 cup sour milk or buttermilk, 4 cups allpurpose flour, sifted], title: Easy Tea Cakes, picturelink: null}, 8856: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the fruit into a medium heavy bottomed pot over medium heat. Add the pomegranate juice, water, and salt and bring to a simmer. Add the tea bags and simmer for about 40 minutes, until liquid has been mostly absorbed.nRemove the tea bags and discard. Stir in the pecans and transfer to a serving bowl. Serve warm or at room temperature and enjoy, ingredients: [1 12 cups chopped dried apricots, 1 cup chopped dried cherries, 1 cup pomegranate juice, 2 cups water, Small pinch salt, 2 chai spiced tea bags, 1 cup toasted and chopped pecans], title: Spiced Stone Fruit Chutney, picturelink: CuwMG2i8nyEKeWtELyktDRjRLMuUwoC}, 8857: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the Prosecco, 12 cup of the sugar and 12 cup water in a large saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes to burn off some of the alcohol. Remove from the heat and slowly whisk in the gelatin until completely dissolved. Pour into a 9 by 11inch baking dish, cool to room temperature, then refrigerate to set up for at least 4 hours.nIn a large bowl, whip the cream to medium stiff peaks. In another bowl, whisk the remaining 14 cup sugar into the mascarpone until smooth. Add 13 of the whipped cream to the mascarpone to lighten, and then fold in the remaining whipped cream. Cut the Prosecco gelatin into 1 by 1inch cubes and put a layer into the bottoms of 4 parfait glasses. Divide 12 of the cream mixture among the glasses on top of the gelatin, and then repeat with 2 more layers, ending with a final dollop of the cream. Serve with a long spoon and dig in, ingredients: [1 bottle Prosecco 750 ml, 34 cup sugar, divided, 12 cup water, 2 14ounce packets unflavored gelatin, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 pint mascarpone, room temperature], title: Prosecco Gelatin Parfait, picturelink: nVjS7QO1sOivQwd0C7r1XiXdAkrb6GW}, 8858: {instructions: Pull gently on the tentacles to separate them from the hood most of the intestines will pull out as well. Cut off the tentacles below the eyes and reserve. Pull out long plasticlike quill and discard it and the intestines. Rinse out the hoods and, if desired, pull off the purple skin with your fingers or a paper towel. Slice body into 14inch rings. Set rings aside with the tentacles until needed., ingredients: [], title: Cleaning Squid, picturelink: null}, 8859: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine butter, chives, and black pepper. Mix well to combine. Serve with rolls., ingredients: [2 tablespoons light butter, softened, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, Pinch black pepper, 4 wholewheat dinner rolls], title: Dinner Rolls with Chive Butter, picturelink: IuPz3KbPh7bPAH1qxF2ag.LCiexI92q}, 8860: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the potatoes and garlic in a steamer basket fitted over a large pot of boiling water. Cover and steam until the potatoes are knifetender, 12 to 15 minutes. Warm the chicken broth in a small pot on the stove or in a glass container in the microwave.nRemove the steamer basket and drain the water from the large pot. Transfer the potatoes and garlic to the pot, add the oil, salt, pepper, and broth and mash until smooth.nExcellent source of: Vitamin B6, Vitamin C, PotassiumnGood source of: Fiber, Niacin, Folate, Magnesium, Manganese, Phosphorus, ingredients: [1 14 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, unpeeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 4 large cloves garlic, peeled and quartered, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Garlic Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: X9UlT8.T2oj1nOimx3AZvm9BQNlW4gi}, 8861: {instructions: For the caramelized onions: In a large skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onions, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are deep golden brown, about 20 minutes. Set aside to cool, about 10 minutes.nFor the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the red wine vinegar, lemon juice and honey. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until blended. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the salad: Peel and trim the ends from each grapefruit. Using a paring knife, cut along the membrane on both sides of each segment. Free the segments and add them to a large salad bowl. Add the lettuce, fennel, cucumber, scallions, and thyme.nPour the dressing over the salad and toss until all the ingredients are coated. Arrange the caramelized onions on top and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 onions, very thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon honey, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pink grapefruits, 1 head romaine lettuce, thinly sliced or torn into 1inch pieces, 1 large fennel bulb, trimmed and thinly sliced, 1 small cucumber, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced, 3 scallions, finely sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves], title: Caramelized Onion and Grapefruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 8862: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine well the mayonnaise and the olives, spread the mixture on one side of the bread slices, and sprinkle it with the basil. Divide the tomato slices among half the bread slices, season them with pepper, and top them with the remaining bread., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 8 Kalamata or other brinecured black olives, pitted and minced, 12 12inchthick oval slices countrystyle bread, 1 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, chopped coarse, 3 large tomatoes, each cut into 4 12inchthick slices], title: Tomato and Basil Sandwiches with Olive Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 8863: {instructions: In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat.nAdd KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated. Cool slightly.nFor each pilgrim hat, use cookie cutter to cut into pilgrim hat shape. Decorate with frosting andor candies. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS: In microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Follow steps 2 and 3 above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 package 10 oz., about 40 regular marshmallows,  OR , 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 6 cups KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, 6 cups KELLOGGSu00ae COCOA KRISPIESu00ae cereal, Canned frosting andor decorating gel, Assorted candies], title: Pilgrim Hat Treats TM, picturelink: PR7DOLwCBB3iiDzDr3A95ch3fKii9ke}, 8864: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Peel beets and cut into 34inch wedges. In a bowl toss beets with 1 teaspoon oil to coat and in one end of a shallow baking pan spread in one layer.nCut potatoes into 14inchthick slices. In another bowl toss potatoes with 1 teaspoon oil to coat and at other end of baking pan spread in one layer, making sure that potatoes do not touch beets beets will bleed.nCut zucchini diagonally into 12inchthick slices and cut slices lengthwise into 12inchwide sticks. In a bowl toss zucchini with 1 teaspoon oil to coat and in one end of another shallow baking pan spread in one layer.nCut carrots diagonally into 13inch thick slices. In a bowl toss carrots with 1 teaspoon oil to coat and at the other end of second baking pan spread in one layer.nIn a small bowl whisk together lemon juice, parsley, remaining 13 cup oil, and salt to taste.nBake vegetables in oven 5 minutes, or until zucchini is just tender, and transfer zucchini to a shallow bowl. Bake remaining vegetables, testing them every 5 minutes, 10 to 15 minutes more, or until tender, and transfer as cooked to separate shallow bowls.nStir dressing and spoon about 1 tablespoon over each vegetable, tossing to coat. In a bowl toss chicken with remaining dressing.nArrange vegetables and salad greens on a platter and mound chicken in middle. Alternatively, vegetables, chicken, and dressing may be tossed together, but beets will bleed. Serve salad at room temperature. Yield: 2 to 3 servings COOKING LIVE SHOW CL E276nCHICKEN BARBECUEn1 yellow onion, minced 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 2 large garlic cloves, minced 1 cup ketchup 12 cup water 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice 2 tablespoons unsulphured molasses 1 teaspoon drained bottled horseradish 12 teaspoon ground cumin 14 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes 18 teaspoon ground allspice 2 cups diced cooked chicken such as rotisserie chicken 2 or 3 squares caraway corn bread, split horizontally 2 tablespoons minced red onion Accompaniment: 2cabbage slawnIn a saucepan cook yellow onion in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until golden. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Stir in ketchup, water, lemon juice, molasses, horseradish, cumin, red pepper flakes, and allspice and simmer, stirring once or twice, 15 minutes.nStir in chicken and simmer until just heated through, about 1 minute.nOn 2 or 3 plates spoon chicken and sauce over bottom halves of corn bread squares and sprinkle with red onion. Top barbecue with top halves of corn bread squares and serve with slaw.nNote: A 3pound rotisserie chicken yields about 2 cups white meat and 2 cups dark. ., ingredients: [6 small beets about 1 pound, trimmed, 13 cup plus 4 teaspoons olive oil, 6 small red potatoes about 34 pound, 2 zucchini about 1 pound, 4 medium carrots, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves, 2 cups shredded cooked chicken i.e.: rotisserie chicken, 1 small head frisee or other curly endive or escarole, quartered], title: Chicken and Roasted Vegetable Salad, picturelink: null}, 8865: {instructions: Put the chicken, lime juice, honey, red curry paste, and cilantro into a medium bowl and mix well by hand.nLay out 10 wonton wrappers in a row. Put 1 heaping teaspoon of the chicken mixture into the center of each square. Working quickly, dip your fingers into the water and moisten the edges of the wonton. Fold it over the filling to form a triangle, pressing well to seal. Curl the 2 points in towards each other, moisten 1 point and press them together to form a bishops hat. Repeat with the remaining wontons and freeze. The recipe may be made up to this point 1 week in advance.nPour 3 inches of the vegetable oil into a large saucepan and place over medium heat until a bread cube dropped into the oil browns within 30 seconds. When ready to cook, drop the wontons into the hot oil in batches of 6 until puffed and golden, about 3 minutes. Remove and let the excess oil drain. Garnish with chopped chives and serve with Golden plum sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 pound ground chicken, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon red curry paste, 1 small bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, Square wonton wrappers, 1 cup water, Vegetable oil, Chopped chives, for garnish, Golden plum sauce, found in Asian markets], title: Red Curry Chicken Wontons with Plum Sauce, picturelink: null}, 8866: {instructions: Steep saffron in lemon juice for 5 minutes. Combine all ingredients and keep covered., ingredients: [12 teaspoon saffron threads, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 cup extra virgin oil, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 1 Spanish onion, small diced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 14 cup Italian parsley, chopped fine, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, Salt and pepper], title: Argentine Marinade for Chicken or Seafood, picturelink: null}, 8867: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously oil a 9inch skillet set aside. Whisk together the nut milk and chia seeds in a medium bowl to combine set aside.nGrind the corn grits in an electric spice grinder until theyre the texture of cornmeal, and add them to another medium bowl. Sift in the oat flour, millet flour, brown rice flour, arrowroot and baking powder, and stir well.nAdd the squash, oil, salt, maple syrup, 14 cup water and scallions to the chia mixture, and whisk to combine. Add the chia mixture to the flour mixture, and stir until just combined. Scrape the dough into the prepared skillet, and gently flatten to fill the pan.nBake the cornbread until a toothpick comes out clean, 28 to 30 minutes. Let cool for 15 minutes. Run a knife around the edge place a plate over the skillet, and invert. Slide the cornbread back into the pan with the bottom facing up to show off the beautiful crust. Serve warm., ingredients: [14 cup nut milk, 1 tablespoon chia seeds, ground, 1 cup corn grits, 12 cup glutenfree oat flour, 14 cup millet flour, 2 tablespoons brown rice flour, 1 tablespoon arrowroot powder, 2 teaspoons aluminumfree baking powder, 1 cup mashed winter squash, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more to oil skillet, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 14 cup maple syrup, 2 scallions, thinly sliced], title: GlutenFree Skillet Cornbread, picturelink: NZwDIQqCI7ceAtgkC8J3Kn0hcVxgU7G}, 8868: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Toss in the soba and swish them around with a pair of tongs so they dont stick together. Cook the noodles until they are soft, 5 to 6 minutes. Strain through a colander and immediately rinse with cold water. Transfer to a bowl and toss with the sesame oil.nCoat a large straightsided saute pan with peanut oil and toss in the garlic, ginger and jalapeno. Bring the pan to a medium heat and cook the garlic and ginger for 1 to 2 minutes. Toss in the carrots and 14 cup water and cook until the water has evaporated. Toss in the mushrooms and cook until the mushrooms have softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Sprinkle in the edamame and scallions.nAdd the soy, rice wine vinegar and 2 tablespoons water. Toss in the cooked soba, stir to combine and cook until the noodles are hot and the water has evaporated.nTransfer to a serving dish and sprinkle with the peanuts., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 to 9 ounces soba noodles twothirds of a 350g package, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, Peanut oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 1inch fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated, 12 jalapeno, seeds removed and finely chopped, 2 medium carrots, julienned cut planks on a mandolin, then cut into strips, 14 pound shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and julienned, 1 cup shelled edamame, 3 scallions, white and green sliced on the bias, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 14 cup peanuts, coarsely chopped], title: Soba Noodles with Edamame and Peanuts, picturelink: pY0dTWjVYxjFCT75luK23opSZ5DDy}, 8869: {instructions: For the pie: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nWhisk together the yolks, zest, condensed milk, lime juice, and vanilla in a bowl until smooth and thickened, about 2 minutes. Cover and set aside at room temperature for 20 minutes.nCombine the graham crackers, coconut, and sugar in a food processor and process into fine crumbs. Add the butter and process until the mixture just comes together. Pat onto the bottom and sides of a 9inch glass pie plate. Place on a baking sheet and bake until lightly golden brown and firm, about 10 minutes.nAdd the thickened filling to the warm crust, return to the oven, and bake the pie until the center is firm but jiggles slightly when shaken, about 15 minutes. Remove and let cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. Cover the surface and refrigerate until chilled and set, about 3 hours.nFor the whipped cream: Combine the whipping cream, coconut cream, sugar, and vanilla bean seeds in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and whip until soft peaks form.nTo serve: Mound the coconut whipped cream on top and sprinkle with toasted coconut., ingredients: [4 large egg yolks, 2 teaspoons grated Key lime zest, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons fresh Key lime juice, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 8 whole graham crackers, broken into pieces, 14 cup sweetened coconut, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 cups very cold whipping cream, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon coconut cream recommended: Coco Lopez, 2 heaping tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 12 cup sweetened coconut, lightly toasted, for garnish], title: Key LimeCoconut Pie, picturelink: 0ZgC.Ryzk4wgF2BlGMqBK5BiFJKony}, 8870: {instructions: In a large saucepan or stockpot, combine 4 cups water with the milk, bay leaves, and peppercorns. Bring to a simmer and then poach peeled salsify cook just until the salsify is soft, but not mushy. Remove the salsify from the poaching liquid, and refrigerate. Once the salsify is cooled, wrap 1 slice of bacon around each stalk of salsify.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoast the bacon wrapped salsify in the oven until the bacon browns slightly, about 10 to 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a medium ovenproof skillet, melt 12 stick butter over mediumhigh heat. Add elk tenderloin to hot pan and sear until browned on both sides, and then transfer pan to oven and roast until cooked to desired doneness. Be careful, as elk tenderloin cooks quickly.nIn a medium skillet, melt 12 stick butter over mediumhigh heat. Add Jerusalem artichokes and saute until the edges turn slightly brown. Then add shallots and saute for 1 minute more. Add arugula and remove from heat.nIn the center of the plate, make a circle of wild mushroom sauce. Place the salsify on top of the sauce, and the artichokearugula mixture on top of the salsify. Slice the elk tenderloin and place on top of the artichokearugula mixture. Garnish with chives.nMelt 1 stick butter in a large skillet over high heat. Add mushrooms and saute over high heat until browned. When mushrooms have browned, add 3 ounces diced shallots and the thyme. Cook mixture for 2 minutes more and then add cream. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook until the cream has reduced by half. Next, pour mixture into blender, add sherry vinegar and foie gras, if using, and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [4 cups water, 4 cups whole milk, 2 bay leaves, 10 black peppercorns, 16 stalks salsify, peeled, 16 slices smoked bacon, 14 pound 1 stick butter, divided, 2 pounds elk tenderloin, completely cleaned, 6 Jerusalem artichokes, peeled sliced into 18inch rounds, 1ounce diced shallots, 4 ounces baby arugula, Mushroom Sauce, recipe follows, Chopped chives, for garnish, 14 pound 1 stick butter, 1 pound mixed wild mushrooms, cleaned, 3 ounces diced shallots, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons aged sherry vinegar, 2 ounces foie gras, optional, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Elk Tenderloin with Bacon Wrapped Salsify, Jerusalem Artichokes, and Creamy Wild Mushroom Sauce, picturelink: X4NehaGOPresjaJ6QKISp3EUaDnfe}, 8871: {instructions: In separate bowls, prepare two 17.5ounce bags sugar cookie mix as the label directs for cutout cookies beat 34 teaspoon red gel food coloring into one batch and 34 teaspoon blue gel food coloring into the other. Form each batch into a 14inch log, wrap in plastic wrap and freeze until firm, about 30 minutes. Slice the logs into 14inchthick rounds and bake as directed let cool. To assemble, layer the cookies with whipped cream on a platter, alternating colors. Refrigerate up to 2 hours so the cookies soften but dont bleed. Sprinkle with red sanding sugar.nPhotograph by Jeff Harris, ingredients: [], title: Red, White and Woohoo, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 8872: {instructions: Preheat the broiler to high. Line a baking sheet with foil and spread the bagel chips on top. Cover with the cheese, then scatter the beef over the top.nBroil until the cheese begins to melt, bubble and brown.nGarnish with the onions, pickles and lettuce. Drizzle the top with squirts of ketchup and mustard. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups sesame bagel chips, 8 slices American cheese, 8 ounces ground beef, browned and seasoned with salt and pepper, 1 small red onion, diced, 1 cup dillpickle chips, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, Ketchup and mustard, for garnish], title: Cheeseburger Nachos, picturelink: null}, 8873: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace 8 4ounce ramekins or custard cups on a large baking sheet. Spray with cooking spray and set aside.nCombine chocolate, orange zest and vanilla extract in a medium bowl over hot boiling water. Whisk until chocolate is completely melted.nPuree bananas, sweet potato and honey until smooth.nRemove the melted chocolate from heat and fold over banana puree and 1 whole egg. Mix well.nWhip the egg whites until soft peak.nSlowly fold egg whites into chocolate mixture.nSpoon mix into ramekins, filling them almost to the top.nBake for approximately 6 to 7 minutes, remove and serve. Warm center of the chocolate should be soft., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 6 ounces 70 percent dark chocolate, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 very ripe bananas, 14 cup roasted sweet potato, 14 cup honey, 1 whole egg, 3 egg whites], title: Guiltless Warm Flourless Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 8874: {instructions: 1. Put the sesame seeds in a medium dry skillet and toast over medium heat, stirring often, until golden, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and set aside.n2. Puree the vegetable oil and chives in a blender until smooth, about 2 minutes. Add the ginger and 12 teaspoon salt and pulse just to combine. Set aside.n3. Whisk together the vegetable broth and miso with a pinch of salt in a large bowl until smooth. Remove 3 tablespoons to another bowl and gently toss the tofu with the dressing. Add the mesclun and pea shoots to the bowl with the remaining miso dressing and toss to combine and coat. Season with salt.n4. Divide the lettuce among 4 plates and top with the tofu. Drizzle with the chive ginger oil and sprinkle with the sesame seeds., ingredients: [3 tablespoons sesame seeds, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 bunch fresh chives, chopped about 1 cup, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons finely grated ginger about 1 ounce, 12 cup vegetable broth, 2 tablespoons white miso, 14 ounces soft tofu, drained, patted dry and cubed, 8 cups mesclun about 3 ounces, 4 cups pea shoots about 5 ounces], title: Tofu Salad with Chive Ginger Oil, picturelink: null}, 8875: {instructions: Stir together the cream cheese, sour cream, hot sauce, crab boil spice, and garlic in a medium saucepan until smooth season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Heat the cream cheese mixture over mediumlow heat until warm, stirring constantly, 2 to 3 minutes. Fold in the crab, scallions, parsley and lemon juice and warm until heated through, about 1 minute more. Serve immediately.nNutritional analysis per 14 cup serving does not include crackers: Calories 125 Total Fat 8g Sat Fat 4g, Mono Fat 2g, Poly Fat 0.5g Protein 11g Carb 2g Fiber 0g Cholesterol 58mg Sodium 349mg, ingredients: [8 ounces reducedfat cream cheese Neufchatel, room temperature, 14 cup reducedfat sour cream, 14 teaspoon hot sauce, 14 teaspoon crab boil spices, recommended: Old Bay, 1 garlic clove, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 ounces fresh crab meat, picked over for bits of shell and patted dry, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 to 3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Wholewheat crackers for serving, optional], title: Hot Crab Dip, picturelink: sg2Ox.FnWv3mU9Rml3m84MYRW9QpTG}, 8876: {instructions: In a pitcher filled with ice, combine vodka, cherry brandy, and pomegranate juice. Top with club soda and stir. Pour into glasses and garnish with a frozen cherry., ingredients: [Ice, 2 parts berry vodka, 1 part cherry brandy, 1 part pomegranate juice, 12 part club soda, 12 cup frozen Bing cherries, for garnish], title: Blushing Blossom, picturelink: null}, 8877: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nFill a 4quart pot with water and bring to a boil. Season water with salt.nCut the first 12inch off the top of the heads of garlic to expose all of the cloves. Place garlic heads in the center of a piece of aluminum foil. Sprinkle exposed cloves with salt and pepper, mist with olive oil spray, and then wrap up in aluminum foil. Roast for 45 minutes, and then allow to cool.nCook pasta according to package directions until al dente. Meanwhile, squeeze cooled roasted garlic cloves into a small saucepan, add chicken stock, and heat over medium heat. With an immersion blender, puree garlic and stock. Simmer until reduced by half. Add halfandhalf and simmer until thick. Add Parmesan and blend again with the immersion blender. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Add noodles to pan with sauce and toss to coat. Divide pasta among plates and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [Salt, 2 heads garlic, Pepper, Olive oil spray, 8 ounces fettuccine, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup nonfat halfandhalf, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves], title: Fettuccine Alfredo, picturelink: null}, 8878: {instructions: Put the onion, pepper, and oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. While this is cooking, pull the meat from the chicken, discarding the skin and bones. Add the chicken to the skillet along with the tomatoes, Creole seasoning, olives, hot sauce, and salt and pepper, to taste. Bring this to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for about 20 minutes. Let cool while you make the dough.nStir together the arepa flour and warm water with your hands until the dough is smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and let rest for 5 minutes. Take a piece of the dough and roll it into a ball about the size of a lemon. Put it on a piece of plastic wrap and place another piece of wrap on top. Pat out into a 5inch circle. Remove the top piece of plastic and put 3 tablespoons of the pulled chicken onto the center of the circle, leaving a 12inch border. Using the plastic wrap, fold the dough over to enclose the filling and form a semicircle. Press the edges together. Using the rim of a small saucer, trim off the edge of the empanada. Repeat to make the rest.nPut about 12inch of vegetable oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Dip the end of a wooden spoon into the oil: when bubbles form around it the oil is hot enough for frying. Fry the empanadas, a few at a time, until they are golden brown, about 3 to 5 minutes on each side. Drain on paper towels. Serve warm.nNote: Mozzarella cheese and a mixture of diced pear and crumbled gorgonzola cheese also make great fillings for these empanadas., ingredients: [1 onion, chopped, 1 red pepper, chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 store bought roasted chicken, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 2 tablespoons Creole seasoning, 34 cup chopped green olives, 6 dashes hot sauce, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 cups arepa flour precooked corn flour, available at Latin and larger super markets, 2 cups warm water, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Pulled Chicken Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 8879: {instructions: Peel, core and chop the apples.nIn large saucepan over medium heat, add the apples, brown sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, the cider and vanilla. Bring to simmer, then strain the apples over a mixing bowl to catch the liquid. To the liquid add the sugar, remaining cinnamon, 12 cup of beer, club soda and melted butter. Whisk in the eggs. Sift the flours and baking soda into a large bowl. Whisk in the liquid ingredients and let the batter rest for 30 minutes. Adjust thickness.nIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough canola oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F.nStir the apples into the batter. Using and ice cream server, scoop the batter, in batches, into the fryer and cook until golden and fluffy. Remove the fritters from the fryer to a serving platter.nMake caramel sauce by heating 1 cup brown sugar and 14 cup white sugar in a small pan over medium heat. Bring the sauce to a boil, then add 1 cup of heavy cream. Lower the heat and cook until the sauce turns deep amber in color, about 10 minutes. Drizzle the caramel over the fritters, sprinkle with salt, and serve with slice of Cheddar., ingredients: [6 honey crisp apples, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, divided, 12 cup apple cider, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup beer, 34 cup club soda, 4 tablespoons melted butter, 3 eggs, 2 cups rice flour, 1 12 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Canola oil, for frying, Salt, Sliced aged 12 years Cheddar], title: Pre Game Jitter Caramel Apple Fritter, picturelink: k6ww9nX4dDcUK1m.o1UMAUAnKgoB6u}, 8880: {instructions: Add the Jennies AllPurpose Baking Mix to a deep bowl, and set aside.nAdd the buttermilk, butter and eggs to a bowl or measuring cup. Beat with a fork to mix well. Pour into the bowl with the baking mix. Stir with a fork until just combined, and there are no visible traces of flour. Stir in the cheese and the Caramelized Onions. Rest the batter for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the waffle iron. Drop spoonfuls of the batter onto the waffle iron, and cooknAdd the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt to a large container. Cover and shake well to combine. Store in a cool, dry place for up to 1 month. Shake before each use to remix the ingredients.nMelt the butter in a deep skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the onions. Stir to coat the onions with the butter. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are very tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Uncover the onions, and raise the heat to mediumhigh. Cook, stirring occasionally until the liquid mostly evaporates and the onions turn a deep golden color, about 10 minutes. Season with salt., ingredients: [1 12 cups Jennies AllPurpose Baking Mix, recipe follows, 1 cup buttermilk, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 eggs, 2 ounces gruyere cheese, shredded, 12 cup Caramelized Onions, recipe follows, or leftover sauteed onions, 3 34 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 4 tablespoons butter, 3 large yellow onions, thinly sliced, Salt], title: Gruyere Cheese and Caramelized Onion Waffles, picturelink: 38FjUekAaxM.93rd7d5kTZY6HYUm6}, 8881: {instructions: Serving suggestions: sliced roasted tomatoes and onions, Champagne vinegar dressing, various herbs and spicesnPreheat a grill.nHeat the olive oil in a medium saute pan over mediumlow to medium heat. Add the garlic, shallots, and onion and saute for 2 minutes. Add the habanero chile and tomato and saute for 1 minute. Add the herbs and saute for an additional minute. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and bring the mixture to a boil. Once boiling, immediately add the orange liqueur and tequila. Stir, remove from the heat, and then add the whipped cream. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nGrill the shrimp for a couple minutes on each side until just cooked through be careful not to overcook. Place 5 or 6 shrimp on each serving plate and top with the habanero sauce. Garnish with 1 thick slice each of roasted tomato and onion topped with Champagne vinegar dressing and the herbs and spices of your choice., ingredients: [1 ounce olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 3 shallots, chopped, 12 onion, minced, 1 habanero chile, minced, 1 whole tomato, peeled, 3 bay leaves, 6 epazote leaves, 3 branches fresh thyme, 7 mint leaves, 1ounce orange liqueur, 1ounce tequila, 8 ounces whipped cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 30 to 36 jumbo shrimp, shelled and deveined], title: Giant Shrimp in Habanero Sauce, picturelink: null}, 8882: {instructions: Split the edamame pods and release the beans into a bowl. Discard the pods. Stir together the oil, basil, chile powder, onion salt, cumin, paprika and black pepper in a small bowl. Drizzle the mixture over the beans and toss to coat. Arrange the beans in a single layer in a shall baking dish. Roast, uncovered, at 375 degrees for 12 to 15 minutes, stirring once, until the beans begin to brown. Serve hot as a vegetable side dish or cooled as a snack. Refrigerate any leftovers., ingredients: [1 12ounce package edamame, 2 teaspoons olive or vegetable oil, 14 teaspoon dried basil, crushed, 12 teaspoon chile powder, 14 teaspoon each onion salt and ground cumin, 18 teaspoon each paprika and black pepper], title: ChileRoasted Edamame, picturelink: null}, 8883: {instructions: In a small saucepan with a tightfitting lid, combine the chicken, broth, 1 teaspoon of the salt, smashed garlic, and parsley. Bring just to a boil, remove from the heat, and set aside, covered, until just cooked through, about 15 minutes. Remove the chicken, strain the broth. Pull the chicken into strips and put in a bowl with about 14 cup of the broth. Reserve the rest of the chicken broth.nBring a large pot of cold water to a boil over high heat, then salt it generously. Add the broccoli and cook until crisptender, about 2 minutes. Transfer broccoli with a slotted spoon to a bowl. Return the water to a boil, add the fusilli and cook, stirring occasionally until al dente to tender but not mushy, about 8 minutes.nWhile the pasta cooks, combine the minced garlic, oil, and chile flakes in a large skillet. Cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring, until lightly browned and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook, stirring, until somewhat soft, about 1 minute. Add 12 cup of the broth, the remaining 2 teaspoons salt, and stir in the butter and 14 cup of the pecorino until incorporated. Stir in the chicken and broccoli, bring to a simmer, and remove from the heat.nDrain the pasta in a colander in the sink. Transfer to a bowl and toss with the remaining 14 cup pecorino. Pour the sauce over the pasta, season with pepper, and toss to combine. If the sauce around the pasta seems tight, add a little more broth, until it loosely naps the fusilli. Serve in large bowls and pass additional cheese at the table, if desired., ingredients: [2 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves each about 8 ounces, 3 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 6 cloves garlic, 2 smashed and 4 minced, 2 sprigs flatleaf parsley, 3 slightly heaping cups small broccoli florets about 7 ounces, 12 ounces spinach fusilli pasta about 34 of a pound box, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon chile flakes, 1 cup cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano, plus more to pass, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken, Broccoli, and Cherry Tomato Fusilli, picturelink: cjhI5GHxvdTC2G.NVNVPlDW3Br0qgnS}, 8884: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place a piece of parchment paper on a sheet pan.nLay 1 sheet of puff pastry on a floured board and carefully roll it out to 10 by 12 inches. Place it on a sheet pan and brush the center with the mustard, leaving a 1inch border around the edge. Place a layer first of ham and then cheese, also leaving a 1inch border. Brush the border with the egg wash.nPlace the second sheet of puff pastry on the floured board and roll it out to 10 by 12inches. Place the second sheet on top of the filled pastry, lining up the edges. Cut the edges straight with a small, sharp knife and press together lightly. Brush the top with egg wash and cut a few slits in the top to allow steam to escape.nBake for 20 to 25 minutes, until puffed and golden brown. Allow to cool for a few minutes and serve hot or warm., ingredients: [1 package 2 sheets frozen puff pastry, defrosted recommended: Pepperidge Farm, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 pound black forest ham, sliced, 12 pound Swiss Gruyere cheese, sliced, 1 egg, beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash], title: Ham and Cheese in Puff Pastry, picturelink: a7ezhmjz3IfeSt2dCkqnRuI44i5o8e}, 8885: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut orange juice in a small nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until reduced about 14 cup. Let cool to room temperature.nPut the butter, cool orange syrup, zest, jalapeno and sage in a food processor and process until smooth, season with salt and pepper. Scrape into a bowl. Can be made 1 day in advance and stored, covered in the refrigerator. Bring to room temperature before using.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Remove neck and gizzard from the turkey and discard. Rinse the bird thoroughly with cold water and pat dry. Rub the entire surface with 12 of the butter. Season the skin and the cavity liberally with salt and pepper. Truss the turkey and place on rack in a large roasting pan.nRoast the turkey for 30 minutes, then turn the temperature down to 375 degrees and continue roasting for 1 12 hours or until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F, brushing with the remaining butter every 15 minutes. Remove the turkey from the oven and let rest for 20 minutes before carving., ingredients: [2 cups fresh orange juice, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, Zest of 1 orange, finely grated, 3 jalapenos, roasted, peeled, seeded, 14 cup fresh sage leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 fresh turkey 16 pounds], title: Roasted Turkey Rubbed with Roasted Jalapeno, Fresh Sage and Orange Butter, picturelink: N1HwAN.SQTwCEfd49d8SG9EchhKBc.}, 8886: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat 13x9inch baking pan with nostick cooking spray.nBEAT cake mix, cinnamon, eggs, water and oil in medium bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes, scraping bowl occasionally. Beat in mashed bananas. Stir in nuts. Spread in prepared pan.nBAKE 34 to 36 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 45 minutes. Serve warm. Top each serving with sliced bananas. Drizzle with caramel syrup., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Moist Supremeu00ae Sugar Free Classic Yellow Cake Mix, 2 tsps. ground cinnamon, 3 large eggs, 12 cup water, 12 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 1 12 cups mashed very ripe bananas about 3 bananas, 1 cup coarsely chopped pecans or walnuts, 2 ripe bananas, sliced, Smuckersu00ae Sundae Syrupu2122 Sugar Free Caramel Flavored Syrup], title: Banana Caramel Cake, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 8887: {instructions: Dissolve yeast with 12 teaspoon sugar in warm water let stand 5 minutes or until proofed. When puffy, add 2 tablespoons olive oil to the mixture. In the bowl of a food processor combine 3 and 12 cups of the flour with 1 teaspoon salt. When well combined, add the yeast water and process until a dough forms. If dough is too dry, add a tablespoon of water to the dough and process until a tacky ball forms. If dough is too wet, add more flour a tablespoonful at a time, or until dough is tacky. Turn dough out onto a board and knead for a minute. Turn dough into a lightly oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let double in volume, about 45 minutes. Punch dough and pizza is ready to be formed and baked.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees. Divide dough into 2 halves. On lightly floured surface roll each half into a 12inch circle, as best you can. Transfer each to a large baking sheet and pinch up a 12 inch rim around the outside edges of each pizza.nFor kids: Sprinkle 12 of grated cheese on bottom, and top with some spaghetti sauce, then dot remaining cheese on top.nFor adults: Sprinkle bottom of dough with half of cheese, then scatter zucchini, shrimp and sundried tomatoes and top with remaining cheese. Bake on middle racks for 10 to 15 minutes, until pizzas are golden switch baking sheets between shelves half way through baking time so they cook evenly., ingredients: [4 cups all purpose flour, Salt, 1 package active dry yeast, Pinch sugar, 1 cup plus 14 cup water, tepid no hotter than 115 degrees, Olive oil, Spaghetti sauce, 1 cup or more grated mozzarella cheese, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Olive oil, 1 cup grated Fontina cheese, 12 pound zucchini, cut into 14 inch slices and parboiled for 1 minute, drained and dried, 14 cup cooked shrimp, sliced thinly, 14 cup oil packed sundried tomatoes, cut into slivers], title: Sunday Pizza for Kids and Adults, picturelink: null}, 8888: {instructions: For the chocolate cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCombine the flour, cocoa, baking powder and salt in a bowl.nBeat the sugar, butter and eggs with a mixer for about 30 seconds. Add the vanilla and beat for 30 seconds more. Add the flour mixture to the sugar mixture, alternating with the milk and beating until smooth.nUsing an ice cream scoop, drop mounds of the batter about 12 cup for each onto the lined baking sheet 6 per sheet as they will spread when baking. Bake for 15 minutes. Let cool completely on a wire rack. Repeat with the remaining batter.nFor the marshmallow filling: Whisk together the sugar, honey, vanilla, egg whites and 2 tablespoons water 30ml in a large heatproof bowl using a hand mixer. Place the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Beat with the mixer until the mixture is thick, creamy and stands in peaks, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and beat for a minute or so more, then let cool completely. You can keep the marshmallow filling in the refrigerator until ready to use.nSpread a generous amount of filling on the flat side bottom of a chocolate cake. Sandwich with another cake, pressing down gently to spread the filling evenly. Repeat to make 8 whoopie pies. Serve immediately or wrap the whoopie pies individually in plastic wrap they can be frozen., ingredients: [1 12 cups375ml allpurpose flour, sifted, 12 cup125ml unsweetened cocoa powder, sifted, 1 12 teaspoons7ml baking powder, 12 teaspoon2ml salt, 1 cup250ml sugar, 12 cup125ml butter, room temperature, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon5ml pure vanilla extract, 1 cup250ml milk, 1 cup250ml sugar, 2 tablespoons30ml honey, 1 teaspoon5ml pure vanilla extract, 2 egg whites, room temperature], title: Whoopie Pies, picturelink: null}, 8889: {instructions: Gently mix together the onions, lime juice, cilantro, honey and papaya in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [14 cup finely chopped red onions, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 medium papaya, peeled, seeded, and cut into small dice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: PapayaCilantro Salsa, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 8890: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill to medium heat.nSlice off the top third of each onion and set aside save tops. Slice an X in the inner 23 off each onion. Using a spoon remove the inside of the onion forming a bowl. Dice the removed inner section of the onions and set aside.nIn a medium bowl combine the vegetable medley, diced onion, herb garden seasoning and cheese. Evenly divide the mixture into each onion bowl. Top each filled onion with a tablespoon of butter.nCover the onion with its original top. Wrap with 2 layers of foil and place on the grill or in a preheated 400 degree F oven. Grill or bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until onions are tender., ingredients: [4 large sweet onions, peeled, 2 cups frozen vegetable medley, thawed recommended: Birds Eye, 2 tablespoons herb garden seasoning recommended: McCormick, 12 cup shredded Cheddar, 4 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces], title: Veggie Stuffed Onions, picturelink: dMTEUZDpy4kkN.t2XUtXUkMsle4O9e}, 8891: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPeel and devein the shrimp, leaving the tails on. Place on a sheet pan with the olive oil, salt and pepper and spread them in one layer. Roast for 8 to 10 minutes, just until pink, firm and cooked through. Set aside to cool.nFor the sauce, mix the chili sauce, ketchup, horseradish, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce and Tabasco. Top the shrimp with lemon zest and serve with the sauce.nPhotograph by Quentin Bacon, ingredients: [2 pounds 12 to 15 count shrimp, 1 tablespoon good olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Heinz chili sauce, 12 cup Heinz ketchup, 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, plus lemon zest for topping, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon Tabasco sauce], title: Roasted Shrimp Cocktail, picturelink: 7wWReZC45qO3W2UcRUj4Jsv852TLgzm}, 8892: {instructions: Place oats in a blender and spin to fine powder. Set aside. Using a kitchen mixer, cream the butter with peanut butter and both sugars then slowly add eggs and vanilla. In a separate bowl sift together flour, oat powder, salt, baking powder, and soda. Now slowly mix the dry into the suagr and butter mixture and then blend in the grated semisweet chocolate. Remove from blender and stir in the chocolate chips. Place large sized cookies on a baking sheet and bake for 10 minutes in a preheated 375 degree oven.nAssembly for Ice Cream Sandwich: Using 2 of Amys Super Cookies and big helping softened premium vanilla ice cream, spoon the ice cream on the flat side of 1 of the cookies and top with another cookie. Wrap the cookie sandwich in foil and allow to harden in the freezer. For an added treat, dip half of the sandwich in melted chocolate prior to serving., ingredients: [2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups rolled oats, 12 cup butter, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 ounces chocolate chips, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, grated, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon baking powder], title: Ice Cream Cookie Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 8893: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Lightly spray with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a mixing bowl, stir to combine the coconut, sugar and salt. Make a well in the center of the bowl and lightly whisk in the egg whites and almond extract until well incorporated with the other ingredients.nFor each macaroon, spoon up about 2 teaspoons of the coconut mixture and roll into a ball in the palm of your hand, wetting your fingers if necessary. Pinch the top to shape each ball into a pyramid space the macaroons about 1 inch apart from one another on the prepared baking sheet.nBake until the edges and tops are golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool slightly on the baking sheet, and then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.nDip the bottom of each macaroon in the chocolate and return to the parchmentlined baking sheet. Refrigerate until firm, 10 to 15 minutes.nStore the macaroons in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying baking sheet, 2 12 cups shredded sweetened coconut, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large egg whites, 14 teaspoon pure almond extract, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate morsels 12 cup, melted], title: Chocolate Dipped Coconut Rocher, picturelink: null}, 8894: {instructions: Make chicken stock by cooking chicken breasts in 8 cups boiling water and 2 teaspoons salt. Cook in boiling water for 10 minutes, add dried scallops here if you like then lower heat and cook for about 30 minutes. While making stock, wash and drain all vegetables. Cut mizuna into 2 strips you wont need much of thisjust to add green color. Slice the kamaboko fairly thin. Put a few mochi into toaster and toast until puffy.nRemove chicken from stock onto a plate. While chicken is cooling, strain the soup in either cheesecloth or some kind of cloth to strain to a clean pot. Add the carrots and daikon and cook until tender about 10 to 15 minutes. Shred 1 breast of chicken and add to broth. Save the rest to make chicken salad or whatever for another time. Check flavor and add salt if needed. Just before serving, put mizuna in soup just to parboilmust be crunchcrisp. Put toasted mochi in a bowl, pour the soup over mochi, then put several slices of kamaboko on top and serve., ingredients: [4 skinless chicken breasts, 2 to 4 dried scallops optional, 1 12 cups carrots, peeled and sliced into 2inch strips, 1 12 cups daikon, peeled and sliced into 2inch strips, 1 cup mizuna, 1 package red kamaboko fish cake I prefer brand name Yamasa, 1 package mochi pounded rice cake, Salt to taste], title: Junes Ozoni, picturelink: null}, 8895: {instructions: For the sauce: Heat a pan over medium heat and melt the butter. Add the garlic and fry until golden, about 1 minute. Add the cream, and then turn the heat down to mediumlow. Keep stirring until the cream begins to steam do not let boil. Add the Parmigianno, nutmeg, salt and some pepper, and stir until the cheese is melted and the sauce is thick do not let boil. Add the spinach and stir until wilted. Remove from the heat.nFor the oysters: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Heat a pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and render until crispy. In a baking tray, lay down a bed of rock salt and place the oysters in their half shells atop the rock salt to stabilize them. Add 1 tablespoon of sauce per oyster. Sprinkle with the pancetta, Parmigianno, panko and drizzle with the olive oil. Bake until golden and bubbling, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup heavy cream, 13 cup finely grated Parmigianno, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon sea salt, Freshly cracked pepper, 1 cup baby spinach, julienned, 12 cup finely diced pancetta, 1 cup rock salt, 1 dozen Malpeque oysters, shucked, 12 cup finely grated Parmigianno, 12 cup panko, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Oysters Gfeller, picturelink: null}, 8896: {instructions: Fold your crepes in half twice, so they are in the shape of a triangle. In a nonstick pan over medium heat, melt half of the butter. When it begins to foam remove from heat and add 2 ounces of the liquor and 2 tablespoons of the sugar. Always add alcohol off of the heat to avoid a jumping flame. Use tongs to gently lay crepes into the pan. Turn the crepes to coat. Lay the crepes out on a plate and top with ice cream. Pour remaining sauce over the ice cream. Serve immediately.nIn a blender, combine all of the ingredients and pulse for 10 seconds. Place the crepe batter in the refrigerator for 1 hour. This allows the bubbles to subside so the crepes will be less likely to tear during cooking. The batter will keep for up to 48 hours.nHeat a small nonstick pan. Add butter to coat. Pour 1 ounce of batter into the center of the pan and swirl to spread evenly. Cook for 30 seconds and flip. Cook for another 10 seconds and remove to the cutting board. Lay them out flat so they can cool. Continue until all batter is gone. After they have cooled you can stack them and store in sealable plastic bags in the refrigerator for several days or in the freezer for up to two months. When using frozen crepes, thaw on a rack before gently peeling apart., ingredients: [Sweet crepes, recipe follows, 12 pound butter, softened, 4 tablespoons sugar, 4 ounces of your favorite liquor, 4 scoops of vanilla ice cream, 2 large eggs, 34 cup milk, 12 cup water, 1 cup flour, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 2 12 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons of your favorite liqueur, Butter, for coating the pan], title: Crepes Suzette, picturelink: null}, 8897: {instructions: In a large skillet over high heat, when skillet starts to smoke add oil and onions. Cook for 3 minutes.nSeason with salt and pepper, add the garlic and scotch bonnets, cook 2 minutes more, then add the callaloo in batches until it has completely collapsed.nAdd water if too dry, and continue to cook about 15 minutes more. Season, to taste, again at the end, if necessary., ingredients: [Olive oil, for sauteing, 1 large onion, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 garlic cloves, sliced, 12 teaspoon chopped scotch bonnet peppers, 2 pounds callaloo, stemmed, washed, and coarsely chopped], title: Sauteed Callaloo, picturelink: null}, 8898: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 11by17inch rimmed baking sheet and line with parchment paper butter the parchment and dust with flour.nBring the cola to a simmer in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook until reduced to 12 cup, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool. Whisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a bowl.nIn a separate large bowl, whisk the granulated sugar, vegetable oil, buttermilk, eggs, food coloring, almond and vanilla extracts, and the cola syrup. Stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients until just combined. Spread the batter on the prepared baking sheet bake until the cake pulls away from the pan, about 15 minutes. Let cool on the pan on a rack, 5 minutes.nDust a kitchen towel not terry cloth with confectioners sugar. Invert the cake onto the towel and peel off the parchment. Trim the cake edges. Starting with a short end, roll up the cake around the towel let cool completely on a rack.nMake the filling: Whisk the cream cheese, 12 cup cream and the almond extract in a large bowl. Beat the remaining 1 cup cream and the confectioners sugar with a mixer until soft peaks form gradually fold into the cream cheese mixture. Chill until ready to use.nUnroll the cooled cake. Spread with the filling, then gently reroll the cake and transfer to a platter. Dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for the baking sheet, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 cups cherryflavored cola, 2 tablespoons unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup vegetable oil, 13 cup buttermilk, 3 large eggs, 1 tablespoon red food coloring, 2 teaspoons almond extract, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 12 cups cold heavy cream, 2 teaspoons almond extract, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Red VelvetCherry Cake Roll, picturelink: W1OHdekXHyw0UxtGVPnZMZORbEveq.}, 8899: {instructions: Cover potatoes with cold water, bring to a boil and salt the water. Boil potatoes until just tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain.nMeanwhile, combine the honey, Dijon, and vinegar in a bowl then slowly whisk in the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. To the bowl add radishes, capers, onions, celery, watercress or parsley and hot potatoes. Using a wooden spoon break up the potatoes into large chunks. Toss the potato salad, adjust salt and pepper then serve., ingredients: [2 to 2 12pounds small red skin potatoes, quartered, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup honey, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons cider or white wine vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 radishes, sliced, 2 tablespoons capers, drained and chopped, 12 medium red onion, chopped, 3 to 4 ribs celery from the heart of the stalk, chopped, 1 cup watercress tops or flat leaf parsley leaves coarsely chopped], title: Honey Dijon Potato Salad, picturelink: XPy.npOGJh3T2jkmEbi6ouO824igYoK}, 8900: {instructions: Rinse the chicken wings under cold running water, then drain and blot dry completely with paper towels. Place the wings in a large bowl and sprinkle with the garlic salt, pepper, cayenne, and oregano. Season just 1 side of the wings for mild, or for hotter wings, turn the wings to coat the other side with seasonings and then cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 24 hours.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh.nGrill chicken wings, turning once, until the juices run clear when pierced with a fork. Serve immediately with a side of Blue Cheese Dressing.nBlend all ingredients together in a food processor. Transfer to a bowl, cover, and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [12 whole chicken wings, 2 tablespoons garlic salt, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh Greek oregano leaves, 2 cups Blue Cheese Dressing, recipe follows, 14 pound blue cheese, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 23 cup evaporated milk, 14 teaspoon garlic salt, 14 teaspoon celery seed], title: Spicy Chicken Wings, picturelink: cod.ts9b6m96pXvl7gOhLE.E9HjmpL.}, 8901: {instructions: Slice loaf of bread 14inch thick.nCombine scallops and shrimp in food processor, coarsely chop. Spread chopped mixture on slices of bread and bake on low heat in a preheated 400 degree oven until cooked through.nDrizzle with olive oil on top of crostini, sprinkle with salt and garnish with chopped cilantro., ingredients: [1 loaf bread good Italian, not sourdough, 8 ounces fresh sea scallops, 8 ounces peeled, deveined shrimp, Extra virgin olive oil, for drizzling, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Sea salt], title: Scallop and Shrimp Crostini, picturelink: null}, 8902: {instructions: Slice off about 1inch from the ends of the bread loaves and discard or save for breadcrumbs. Cut each loaf in half to make 4 rectangular loaves. Split each loaf in half lengthwise. Spread the inside of the bread with 12tablespoon mustard. On each of the bottom halves of bread layer 14 of the ham, pickle slices cut to fit evenly on top of the meat, 14 of the pork, and top with 14 of the cheese. Cover with the top halves of bread and, using your hands, press the sandwiches together.nPlace a baking sheet in the oven and preheat to 250 degrees F. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large castiron skillet over mediumlow heat. Place 2 sandwiches in the skillet and top with another castiron skillet to weigh them down. Turn the sandwiches and weigh them down again. Cook the sandwiches until golden brown and hot, about 6 minutes per side. Transfer to the oven to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining sandwiches and butter. Cut the sandwiches in half crosswise and serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine the peppercorns, garlic, and cloves and puree. While the motor is running, drizzle in the oil until a paste is formed. Using a rubber spatula, scrap the garlic paste into a small bowl.nPlace the pork butt on a work surface and season all over generously with salt. Rub all over with the garlic paste. Place in an ovensafe roasting bag and close with a twist tie. Place in a large roasting pan, and cook until tender, about 5 hours., ingredients: [Two 15inchlong soft French or Italian bread loaves, 14 cup yellow mustard, 4 ounces thinly sliced boiled ham, 8 lengthwise slices dill pickle from about 2 pickles, 2 cups pulled SLOWROASTED PORK, recipe follows, 4 ounces thinly sliced Swiss cheese, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 heaping tablespoons black peppercorns, 25 cloves garlic, about 2 heads peeled, 10 whole cloves, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 bonein pork shoulder, about 7 pounds, Kosher salt, as needed, White distilled vinegar, as needed], title: Cuban Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 8903: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a cast iron skillet, heat 1inch of oil over mediumhigh heat until it reaches 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, add the baking mix and 14 cup sugar and whisk until combined. In another bowl, whisk together the milk, egg, and butter. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and whisk until the batter is smooth. Put the batter into a pastry bag or plastic storage bag fitted with a small star tip.nMix together the 2 tablespoons sugar and the cinnamon and set aside.nWorking in batches, pipe the dough in a long strip into the hot oil. Fry, turning them once, until they are golden brown, about 1 minute on each side. Drain on a sheet tray lined with a brown paper bag or paper towels. Sprinkle with the sugar and cinnamon mixture and transfer to a serving platter. Serve warm with chocolate syrup.nIn a large bowl combine the flour, baking powder and salt. Cut in the shortening with a pastry knife or fork until the mixture is well blended. Use in recipes that call for Bisquick or allpurpose mix., ingredients: [2 cups canola oil, 2 cups AllPurpose Baking Mix, recipe follows, 14 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, 12 cup milk, 1 large egg, 3 tablespoons butter, melted and cooled, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup chocolate syrup, for serving, 6 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 34 cup shortening], title: Cinnamon Sugar Churros, picturelink: 7z7Kb4ypBac2TKdoEGcR6rw3VGl4RO6}, 8904: {instructions: Special equipment: 9by13inch broilerproof baking dishnPosition an oven rack in the upper third of the oven, and preheat to 450 degrees F.nCombine 1 cup water, orange juice, honey and vanilla bean pod and seeds in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally to loosen the honey. Turn off the heat, and leave the saucepan on the stove. You may need to reduce the roasting juices a little more once the pineapple is cooked.nArrange the pineapple slices in a broilerproof 9by13 baking dish. Pour the orange syrup over the pineapple. Roast, basting occasionally, until the pineapple is tender and the juices have reduced, about 20 minutes.nSet the oven to broil, and continue to cook the pineapple until it is a deep golden yellow and lightly brown around the edges, 5 to 10 minutes more.nThe roasting juices should be reduced and syrupy, measuring about 14 cup. If they are too watery, remove the pineapple slices with a slotted spoon to a medium bowl, return the juices to the saucepan and reduce the juices over mediumhigh heat until syrupy, about 14 cup.nDivide the yogurt among 4 small bowls. Top with the pineapple slices, and drizzle with the syrup., ingredients: [Juice of 2 oranges 12 cup, 14 cup honey, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 12 a fresh pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 12inchthick slices, One 7ounce container 2 percent Greek yogurt], title: HoneyRoasted Pineapple with Greek Yogurt, picturelink: iNKWisF9sA4.cyxI2fiie0hcPczLU5i}, 8905: {instructions: Begin by making the maple cream sauce. It needs to chill before serving.nPour the cream into a heavy saucepan. Add the maple syrup and corn syrup. Cook over a moderate heat, stirring constantly, until the sauce is thickened and reduced by about a third, about 20 minutes. Chill for at least an hour before serving over the warm peach crisp.nTo prepare the peach crisp, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9inch square or 8 by 12inch baking dish.nStart with the crumb mixture. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, brown sugar, granulated sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt.nCut the cold butter into pieces. Add the butter to the bowl and use a fork, pastry cutter or pastry blender to cut into the flour mixture. The mixture should resemble a moist, coarse meal.nPlace the peaches in a bowl, add the lemon zest to the peaches, mix in the lemon juice and maple syrup and gently stir the peaches to combine. Pour the peaches into the prepared baking dish. Top with the crumb mixture, evening out the surface with a fork.nCover tightly with foil and bake, about 15 minutes.nRemove the foil and bake until the topping is crisp and golden brown, about 30 minutes more. If the topping appears underdone, continue baking in 10 minute increments until its done.nSpoon the warm crisp onto a plate, and drizzle the chilled maple cream sauce over the top., ingredients: [1 12 cups heavy cream, 5 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 3 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 stick cold salted butter, plus more for greasing, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 fresh peaches, sliced 5 or 6 cups, Grated zest and juice of 12 lemon, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup], title: Peach Crisp with Maple Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 8906: {instructions: In a casserole dish with a lid, add green beans, garlic, olive oil, water and salt and pepper. Simmer on low heat covered until beans are tender, ingredients: [2 pounds green beans, stems removed, 1 head roasted garlic, 2 ounces olive oil, 14 cup water, Salt and pepper], title: Garlic Green Beans, picturelink: null}, 8907: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCoat a shallow roasting pan with cooking spray.nIn a blender, combine sage, pine nuts, olive oil, garlic, Parmesan, 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon black pepper. Puree until smooth.nSeason turkey all over with salt and black pepper and transfer to prepared pan. Spread pesto all over top of turkey. Arrange potatoes around turkey in pan, spray with cooking spray and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nRoast for 30 minutes, until potatoes are golden brown and turkey reaches 160 degrees F. Let turkey rest for 10 minutes before slicing crosswise into 12inch thick slices. Serve half of the turkey with all of potatoes. Reserve remaining turkey for salad, if desired, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 cups loosely packed fresh sage leaves, 12 cup pine nuts, lightly toasted in a dry skillet for 3 minutes, 13 cup olive oil, plus extra if needed, 4 garlic cloves, peeled, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 2 turkey tenderloins, about 1 pound each, 8 small red potatoes, halved, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sage Pesto Crusted Turkey Tenderloin, picturelink: dMqi3tG3EHEjtAzn58ZlL1LKV2KkUQe}, 8908: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush 2 baking sheets very lightly with oil.nSift the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt into a medium bowl.nWhisk the buttermilk and vanilla together in a liquid measuring cup. Set aside.nBeat the butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Gradually add the sugar and continue to beat at high speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs and yolks, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. At low speed, add the dry ingredients in 3 parts, alternating with the wet in 2 parts, beginning and ending with the dry to make a smooth batter.nEvenly mound 2 tablespoons batter per cookie onto the prepared cookie sheets, spacing them about 2inches apart. A small cookie scoop or ice cream scoop is ideal for this. Bake until the cookies are golden brown around the edges, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer cookies to rack and cool completely.nFor the chocolate icing: Put the chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl. Bring the cream to a boil in a small saucepan pour over the chocolate. Shake the bowl gently so cream settles around the chocolate set aside until the chocolate melts, about 5 minutes. Whisk until smooth, taking care not to incorporate too many air bubbles. Fill a pastry bag fitted with a small tip with about half of the chocolate icing.nFor the white icing: Whisk the confectioners sugar, corn syrup, lemon juice and warm water together to make a smooth icing. Fill a pastry bag fitted with a small tip with about a quarter of the icing.nTo Decorate:nFor tuxedo cookies: Set the cookies on a rack over a rimmed cookie sheet. Pour the white glaze over the whole cookie to cover set aside to dry. Pipe a bowtie and tuxedo lapel with the chocolate icing.nFor a little black dress and pearls: Pipe an outline of a womans dress with the dark chocolate and fill in with more icing. Pipe white icing pearls around the top of the cookie. Add silver dragees or candy pearls to dress up, if desired.nLet cookies dry completely, about 20 minutes. Serve.nStore cookies in a tightly sealed container for up to 2 days., ingredients: [Oil, for brushing, 3 cups cake flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 12 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup unsalted butter 2 sticks, 8 ounces, softened, 1 13 cups sugar, 2 large eggs, 3 large egg yolks, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons warm water], title: Tux and Gown Cookies, picturelink: BA.tcxYvOkIsj6De1VgYvtX119wNJmy}, 8909: {instructions: Place the oil, thyme, rind of the lemon peeled into strips, bay leaves and crushed garlic in a pan and bring to a gentle boil over mediumhigh heat. Then remove the pan from the heat and add the trimmed fish. Let stand 20 minutes. Then remove the fish, reserving the poaching oil, cool and flake.nIn a bowl, combine the juice of the lemon with 13 cup reserved poaching oil. Whisk to combine and season with salt and pepper. To the dressing, add the celery, onions, hot and sweet peppers, olives, parsley, capers and tarragon. Season the fish with a little seafood seasoning and add to the salad. Combine with the tines of a large fork, cover and store.nTo serve, place the rack in the center of the oven and preheat the broiler.nShred the Cheddar or Gruyere cheese on the large side of a box grater.nPile the tuna salad on the bottom of the rolls. Top with the cheese. Place both the bottoms and tops under the broiler to toast and melt the cheese, 2 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 cups olive oil, 4 to 5 stems fresh thyme, 1 lemon, 2 large bay leaves, 2 large cloves garlic, 1 12 pounds tuna, such as ahi or yellowtail, 1 inchthick2 ribs celery, finely chopped or 12 small bulb fennel, finely chopped, 12 red onion, chopped, 1 small fresh chile pepper, finely chopped, 12 small sweet pepper, finely chopped, 14 cup Nicoise or other pitted black olives, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons capers, 2 to 3 tablespoons fresh tarragon, finely chopped, Seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay Seasoning, 6 ounces very sharp white Cheddar or Gruyere cheese, Brioche rolls or lobster rolls, split], title: Olive Oil Poached Tuna Melts, picturelink: BxCJc7XUZoZN.ew5MkFxGtrRbE98JW}, 8910: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCut the potatoes and turnips and steam them until al dente. Warm the sauerkraut and bury the meats in the sauerkraut. Bring to a simmer and braise for 30 minutes covered in the oven until everything is cooked through. Add chicken stock or water as necessary to keep moistened during the cooking process.nRinse the sauerkraut of most of the salt in repeated coldwater washings. In the olive oil, sweat the onions until translucent. Add the wine and reduce. Add the sauerkraut and seasonings and cook to coat with the wine. Add the chicken stock, caraway seeds, bay leaves and pepper and simmer until most of the liquid is reduced. Adjust the seasoning with salt if necessary.nYield: 4 to 6 servingsnMix the sugars and salts together, then spread a layer in a pan. Place your pork, duck or other meat to be smoked on top of the cure and sprinkle more on top until completely covered. Let stand for 20 to 30 minutes, then rinse all the sugarsalt off, pat dry and smoke in a stovetop smoker.nYield: 6 pounds, ingredients: [6 potatoes, 6 turnips, Braised Sauerkraut, recipe follows, 2 veal sausages, cured and smoked, recipe follows, 6 ounces pork loin, cured and smoked, recipe follows, 1 8ounce slab bacon, 8 ounces country ham, 1 ham hock, Chicken stock, or water, if needed, 2 pounds sauerkraut homemade or store bought, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large onions, sliced, 1 cup Riesling, 1 quart chicken stock, Caraway seeds, Bay leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, Salt, only if necessary, 1 pound brown sugar, 5 pounds kosher salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt peter optional], title: Southern Smoked Choucroute Garni, picturelink: null}, 8911: {instructions: Prepare rice according to package instructions, adding dried fruit halfway through the cooking time. Remove rice from heat. Stir in fruit mixture and nuts. Transfer rice to serving bowl.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, mix tartar sauce, sour cream, lime juice, mustard, and chives. Cover chive sauce and refrigerate.nPreheat broiler. Divide salmon slices between 2 broilerproof glass or ceramic plates, covering half of each of the plates. Place plates under broiler and cook until salmon is pale pink and flaky, watching salmon carefully so it does not overcook, about 1 minute. Using potholders, carefully remove hot plates. Spoon chive sauce on top of salmon and serve with rice. Garnish with fresh dill., ingredients: [1 bag boil in bag white rice, 14 cup dried tropical fruit mix, 14 cup dry roasted peanuts, 2 tablespoons tartar sauce, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons fresh chives, chopped, 1 skinless 12ounce salmon fillet, cut crosswise into 10 12inch thick slices, Fresh dill, optional], title: Tropical Salmon, picturelink: BaQ2a6mugQGTdNOWXDntE9R8SQUFqR.}, 8912: {instructions: Evenly position 2 racks in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. on convection setting if you have it. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone sheets. If you only have 1 baking sheet, let it cool completely between batches.nPut the butter in a microwave safe bowl, cover and microwave on medium power until melted. Alternatively melt in a small saucepan. Cool slightly. Whisk the sugars, eggs, butter and vanilla in a large bowl until smooth.nWhisk the flour, baking soda and salt in another bowl. Stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients with a wooden spoon take care not to over mix. Stir in the chocolate chips or chunks.nScoop heaping tablespoons of the dough onto the prepared pans. Wet hands slightly and roll the dough into balls. Space the cookies about 2inches apart on the pans. Bake, until golden, but still soft in the center, 12 to 16 minutes, depending on how chewy or crunchy you like your cookies. Transfer hot cookies with a spatula to a rack to cool. Serve.nStore cookies in a tightly sealed container for up to 5 days.nFor a Rocky Road Bar:nLightly butter a 9 by 13inch baking pan. Make the batter as per cookie recipe and fold in 1 cup chopped walnuts along with the chocolate chips. Spread batter in prepared pan. Bake until the edges are light brown and the batter sets, about 45 minutes. Cool slightly and cover surface with 4 cups marshmallows and 1 cup chocolate chips. Broil at least 8 inches from the heat until marshmallows turn golden brown, about 2 minutes. Keep an eye on the marshmallows, and turn the pan frequentlythey go from golden to char in a wink. Cool, cut and serve., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 34 cup packed dark brown sugar, 34 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips, or chunks, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt], title: Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: JlQn5R5AEXSQet2OXmSkYqEQebWuzDa}, 8913: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, whisk together the flour, the baking powder, and a pinch of salt. In another bowl with an electric mixer, cream together the brown sugar, the peanut butter, and the butter and beat in the egg and the vanilla. Beat in the flour mixture alternately with the milk, beating well after each addition, and stir in 12 cup of the chocolate chips. Divide the batter among 12 paperlined 12cup muffin tins and bake the cupcakes in the middle of the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean. Turn the cupcakes out onto a rack and let them cool completely.nIn another bowl combine the remaining 34 cup chocolate chips and the scalded cream. Let the chips soften, and whisk the mixture until it is smooth. Let the icing cool completely, whisk it until it is fluffy, and spread it on the cupcakes., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons double acting baking powder, Pinch salt, 12 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup chunky peanut butter, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup milk, 1 14 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 14 cup heavy cream, scalded], title: Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Cupcakes with Chocolate Icing, picturelink: c7iepf2pK4eO4yPZNAHMI8wV90GqEu}, 8914: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees or its highest possible setting. Toast the bread: lay the bread slices directly on the oven rack and toast in the heated oven until golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Place the toast on 4 warmed plates.nMeanwhile, trim stems off the figs. Slice the figs in half and dip them in sugar, turning so they are well coated. Heat 1 tablespoon of the butter, add the almonds, and saute until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Set them aside. Heat the remaining butter in a skillet until foaming. Add the figs, cut side down, and saute until done, turning once, 3 to 4 minutes.nSet the figs on the toast and spoon over the pan juices. Top each toast with yogurt and a sprinkling of toasted almonds. Serve at once so the toast stays crisp., ingredients: [12 medium figs 1 12 pounds, 4 slices brioche or challah cut 1inch thick, 12 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 cup plain yogurt, stirred until smooth, 14 cup sliced almonds], title: Fig Toasts, picturelink: null}, 8915: {instructions: Lay the anchovies out on a plate and pour the vinegar on top to cover. Let marinate and cook until the anchovies turn white, about 10 minutes, and then remove from the marinade and pat dry. Arrange the anchovies in a serving dish with the olives and season with salt and pepper. Drizzle the olive oil on top and finish with the parsley., ingredients: [1 pound anchovies, heads removed, gutted and cleaned, White wine vinegar, 1 cup black olives, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Anchovy Marinade, picturelink: null}, 8916: {instructions: Preheat grill. Peel away the outer husk without actually removing it, remove the inner silky threads, then wrap the outer husk back around the ear. Soak the ears in water for 10 minutes, place on the grill and grill for 15 to 20 minutes. Brush with butter and sprinkle with salt., ingredients: [8 ears of corn, Unsalted butter, Salt], title: Grilled Corn, picturelink: null}, 8917: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour an oversized, 12cup muffin tin.nIn a large bowl sift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder and salt. In a mixer with a whip attachment, cream the butter. Add the sugar and blend well. Add the eggs and vanilla, blending well. Add the dry ingredients and mix on low just until incorporated. Scoop into muffin tins and spread to cover the bottom.nSauce: Whisk together the ingredients. Pour over and divide among the brownie batter filled muffin tins. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes until set. Serve at room temperature topped with whipped cream., ingredients: [1 12 cups flour, 1 cup cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups sugar, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups walnuts, 1 34 cups packed brown sugar, 34 cup cocoa powder, 3 cups water, Whipped cream, for garnish], title: Warm Chocolate Brownie Cake with Walnuts and Cream, picturelink: null}, 8918: {instructions: Pulse both flours, the oats, brown sugar and fine salt in a food processor until combined. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like wet sand. Add the peanuts, peanut butter and milk and pulse until the mixture clumps together. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface, form into a ball and knead 4 or 5 times. Roll into a 12inchlong log, about 1 inch in diameter. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Slice the dough into 14 inchthick rounds and arrange 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the baking sheets to racks and let the crackers cool.nMeanwhile, make the glazed grapes: Cook the granulated sugar, wine and thyme in a small saucepan over medium heat until syrupy, 10 to 12 minutes. Discard the thyme and add the grapes and kosher salt stir to coat and cook 1 more minute. Remove from the heat and let cool. Spread each cracker with cheese and top with a glazed grape. Season with pepper, if desired. Photograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup wholewheat flour, 3 tablespoons rolled oats, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons finely chopped salted roasted peanuts, 14 cup peanut butter creamy or crunchy, 2 tablespoons milk, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 cup dry red wine, 1 small sprig thyme, 15 large seedless red grapes, halved, Pinch of kosher salt, 13 pound brie, camembert or other soft cheese, at room temperature, Freshly ground pepper optional], title: Peanut Butter Crackers With Glazed Grapes, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 8919: {instructions: Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nGently combine the beef, salt, pepper and onions in a large bowl. Shape the mixture into 12 patties. Grill the patties on the pan until desired degree of doneness, about 5 minutes per side. Place some lettuce and patties on the bottom halves of the buns. Spread 2 tablespoons pimiento cheese over each patty. Add some fried eggs, onions, pickles and tomatoes. Top with the bun tops., ingredients: [2 pounds lean ground beef, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 small onion, minced, Green leaf lettuce, for serving, One 15ounce package slider buns, 1 12 cups prepared pimiento cheese, Fried eggs, for serving, Onions, for serving, Pickles, for serving, Tomatoes, for serving], title: Southern Pimiento Cheese Sliders, picturelink: null}, 8920: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 muffin pans with 18 to 19 cupcake liners.nSift together the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and orange zest in a medium bowl.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, mix the eggs, orange juice, butter, and vegetable oil on medium speed until incorporated, about 2 minutes. Turn the mixer to mediumlow speed, and add the dry ingredients a little bit at a time, making sure to scrape down the sides of the bowl if necessary. Mix until just combined.nFill the cupcake liners 34 of the way full, and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nTo assemble: Peel the cupcake away from its liner, and place upside down on the top of a new, fresh liner. The narrow end of the cupcake should be facing up at this point. Pour 2 to 3 tablespoons of the Brown Sugar Fig Sauce on top of each cupcake, allowing the sauce and figs to drip down the sides. Fill a piping bag equipped with a star tip with the Honey Goat Cheese Frosting, and pipe stars on the top of each cupcake. Sprinkle the tops of the cupcakes with the Parmesan.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the brown sugar and water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to medium, stir in the figs, butter, and orange zest, and heat until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove the sauce from the heat and allow to cool.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer with a whisk attachment, whisk the goat cheese, cream cheese, and butter on mediumhigh speed until smooth and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Reduce the speed to medium, and gradually add the powdered sugar until incorporated, scraping down the sides of the bowl if necessary. Add the honey and beat until incorporated., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon finely grated orange zest, 3 eggs, 1 cup orange juice, 12 cup butter, melted, 12 cup vegetable oil, Brown Sugar Fig Sauce, recipe follows, Honey Goat Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 14 cups dark brown sugar, 12 cup water, 8 black figs, trimmed and roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 teaspoon orange zest, 10 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 1 cup powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons honey], title: The Absurdist Fruit and Cheese Platter Cupcakes, picturelink: yY47bosSHvLfDxAXPMxTmBGxs4bQW}, 8921: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the pecans on a baking sheet in one layer and bake until golden, 6 to 8 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop set aside.nShred the Brussels sprouts using the large holes of a box grater or a mandoline. Coarsely chop any ungrated pieces with a knife.nCombine the mayonnaise, mustard, honey, vegetable oil and orange zest in a large bowl and whisk to combine. Whisk in the vinegar and orange juice until smooth. Add the shaved Brussels sprouts and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving dish and scatter the pecans and pomegranate seeds on top. Refrigerate 2 to 4 hours before serving.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [12 cup pecans, 1 12 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed, 6 tablespoons mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 14 cup champagne vinegar, 2 tablespoons orange juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup pomegranate seeds], title: Brussels Sprout Slaw, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 8922: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nLay the crackers face up on a large rack over a baking sheet or broiler pan. Scoop about 1 teaspoon of the grated Parmesan onto each cracker. Cut the package of bacon in half or cut pieces individually and carefully, so the cheese doesnt fall off, wrap each cheese covered cracker with one half piece of bacon, completely covering the cracker. It should fit snugly around the cracker, but not be pulled too taut. Place the baconwrapped crackers onto the rack. Place the baking sheet in the oven for about 2 hours. Serve immediately or at room temperature, ingredients: [1 sleeve country clubstyle crackers, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 1 pound thinly sliced bacon], title: Holiday Bacon Appetizers, picturelink: null}, 8923: {instructions: To make the dressing:nWhisk together the grated cheese, vinegar, and mustard. In a slow steady stream, whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Season the vinaigrette with salt, and pepper to taste.nTo make the salad:nRinse and dry all the salad greens, and toss them together in a large bowl. Arrange the chicken, bacon, avocado, tomato, and Roquefort in uniform rows on top the mixed greens. Garnish with the grated hardboiled egg, and chives.nJust before serving, pour the dressing over the salad and toss., ingredients: [12 cup Roquefort cheese, grated, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honeyDijon mustard, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 head romaine lettuce, chopped about 3 to 4 cups, 12 head Boston lettuce, chopped about 3 to 4 cups, 1 12 cups watercress, stems removed and chopped, 3 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, cooked and diced into 12inch cubes, 6 bacon slices, cooked and crumbled, 2 avocados, halved, pitted, peeled and diced into 12inch cubes, 4 vineripened tomatoes, seeded and diced, 34 cup Roquefort cheese, crumbled, 1 hardboiled large egg, forced through a sieve grated, 14 cup finely chopped fresh chives], title: Cobb Salad with Blue Cheese Vinaigrette, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 8924: {instructions: Preheat oven to broil setting.nCut the top 14 off the choke and snap off the outer leaves until you reach pale green, soft leaves. Using a spoon, remove the hairy choke from the center and discard. Immediately plunge in acidulated water to avoid discoloration. Repeat with remaining artichokes. Drain the artichokes and spin to dry. Toss in a bowl with oil, and season with salt and pepper. Lay the chokes out on a sheet pan lined with foil and place on the lower rack of the oven, and broil for 5 to 6 minutes. Flip the artichokes and return to the oven for 3 minutes. Eat as they are or marinate in herb oil for up to 2 days., ingredients: [8 whole artichokes, Acidulated water: 6 cups water with juice of 4 lemons, 14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fresh ground pepper, Herb oil, optional, recipe follows], title: Broiled Chokes, picturelink: null}, 8925: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F using the convection setting, if available. Place a baking sheet on one of the racks to preheat.nPrepare the chips: Cut the potatoes into 14inchthick sticks. Toss with the olive oil and cayenne in a bowl. Carefully remove the hot baking sheet from the oven, add the potatoes and spread in an even layer. Use a rubber spatula to scrape any oil from the bowl over the potatoes. Bake on the top oven rack, turning once, until browned and crisp, 25 to 30 minutes. Season with salt.nMeanwhile, make the fish: Set a wire rack on a baking sheet and coat with cooking spray. Lightly crush the cereal in a bowl with your fingers. Add 2 teaspoons salt, and black pepper to taste. In another bowl, whisk the egg whites and a pinch of salt until frothy.nDip the fish in the egg whites, then roll in the cereal crumbs to coat. Place the fish pieces on the rack position them on their sides so that the majority of the crust is exposed and mist with cooking spray.nBake the fish on the bottom oven rack until crisp and just cooked through, about 12 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper. Serve the fish and chips with tartar sauce andor malt vinegar, if desired., ingredients: [3 medium russet potatoes 1 14 pounds, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, Olive oil cooking spray, 2 34 cups crispy rice cereal, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 large egg whites, 1 12 pounds skinless, boneless Pollock or other firm white fish, cut into 2by4inch pieces, Tartar sauce andor malt vinegar, for serving optional], title: Baked Fish and Chips, picturelink: uMYyvNI8aHRKy0.lABiFYpe1noSxXxC}, 8926: {instructions: Melt the butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the shallot and cook until the shallot is tender and the butter turns a light brown color, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vinegar, honey, and salt and pepper. Pour over the spinach in a bowl and toss., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 loosely packed cups baby spinach], title: Spinach Salad with HoneyBrown Butter Dressing, picturelink: null}, 8927: {instructions: For the London broil: Whisk together the molasses, vinegar, mustard, olive oil, rosemary, soy sauce and garlic in a 2cup measuring cup. Pour the marinade into a 1gallon ziptop bag, add the London broil and turn to coat with the marinade. Refrigerate for 4 hours or at least 1 hour if time is limited. Remove the steak from the fridge at least 30 minutes before grilling to remove the chill.nHeat a castiron grill pan or outdoor grill on mediumhigh heat. Remove the London broil from the marinade, letting the excess drip off. Season the steak well with salt and pepper. Grill on each side for 10 to 12 minutes, a total of 24 minutes. Let rest for 10 minutes before slicing across the grain.nFor the salad: Add the tomatoes, zucchini, red and yellow bell peppers and onions to a large rimmed baking sheet and add the olive oil. Sprinkle evenly with salt and pepper, tossing to coat all the veggies in the oil. Place in a grill basket and grill over medium high until tender and lightly charred, about 5 minutes per side. If using an indoor grill pan, you will need to grill in 2 batches to avoid overcrowding the pan and steaming the veggies.nRemove the charred vegetables to a cutting board and let rest until cool enough to handle. Chop into bitesize pieces. Add the chopped vegetables, basil and arugula to a large bowl. Drizzle with the balsamic and a small drizzle of olive oil, season with some salt and pepper and toss it all together. Serve with the sliced steak., ingredients: [London Broil:, 3 tablespoons molasses, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, One 2pound London broil, trimmed of excess fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Salad:, One 10.5ounce container grape tomatoes, 2 small zucchini, sliced lengthwise into 12inch pieces, 1 red bell pepper, ribs removed, sliced into quarters, 1 yellow bell pepper, ribs removed, sliced into quarters, 12 medium red onion, sliced, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh basil, 3 handfuls arugula, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar], title: Molasses Grilled London Broil with Chopped Grilled Summer Salad, picturelink: NWD08FUszDr4JfGmp7igkzHmW.o3yCu}, 8928: {instructions: Remove the skin from the celeriac, halve the bulb, and slice into very thin julienne slices. Julienne the apple, and toss both in a bowl. In a smaller bowl, whisk the yolk with the vinegar and mustard. Add the grapeseed oil, drop by drop to make a thick mayonnaise. Season with salt, pepper, and lemon juice, to taste. Stir in the fennel seed, and toss with the celeriac to coat. Cover and refrigerate until serving. Cooks Note: Several hours is fine: some would even argue its de rigueur., ingredients: [1 pound450 g celeriac 1 medium, 1 Granny Smith apple, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon grainy Dijon mustard, 1 cup250 ml grapeseed oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Lemon juice, to taste, 2 teaspoons crushed fennel seed], title: Celeriac Remoulade, picturelink: null}, 8929: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the sugar cube, bitters, water, lemon zest, orange wedge and cherry to the bottom of an old fashioned glass. Use a small spoon to muddle the cube into the liquids so the sugar will begin to dissolve.nAdd ice to the glass and top with bourbon and club soda and stir well. Top with a cherry., ingredients: [1 sugar cube, 3 dashes of bitters, 2 teaspoons water, 1 strip lemon zest, 1 small wedge orange, 2 maraschino cherries, Ice, as needed, 2 ounces bourbon, Club soda, Cherry for garnish], title: OldFashioned Cocktail, picturelink: MbCepcCLluuPe2og0ipb9BXg0erYTcu}, 8930: {instructions: Begin by roasting the beets.nLentils:nTie onion, carrot, celery, bay leaf, and thyme sprigs together in cheesecloth. Place chicken stock in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Stir in the lentils, season with salt and pepper, and reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until the lentils are tender, about 20 minutes. Drain well and discard the cheesecloth bag of aromatics.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until lightly golden brown. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon to a dish lined with paper towels. Add the garlic and carrot to the pan and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the cooked lentils and bacon to the pan and stir to combine. Stir in the chopped thyme and 1 tablespoon of sherry vinegar. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Keep warm.nTo assemble, place the frisee in a large bowl, toss with half of the vinaigrette, and season with salt and pepper. Arrange the roasted beets around the outside of 4 dinner plates. Divide the greens among each plate in the center. Top the frisee with some of the warm lentils and place a slice of the goat cheese on top. Drizzle each salad with the remaining vinaigrette. Serve with slices of French bread.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCoat beets lightly with oil. Wrap beets in aluminum foil, place on a baking sheet, and roast in the oven until cooked through, approximately 45 to 60 minutes. Remove from the oven, let cool for 10 minutes, and then peel and slice into 14inch thick slices.nWhisk together the vinegar, mustard, thyme and salt and pepper in a small bowl. Slowly drizzle in the oil and whisk until emulsified., ingredients: [Roasted Beets, recipe follows, 1 medium Spanish onion, peeled and quartered, 1 carrot, quartered, 1 stalk celery, quartered, 1 fresh or dried bay leaf, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 14 cups dried French green lentils, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 pound slab bacon, diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 small carrot, peeled and finely diced, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 4 cups frisee or mixed greens, Sherry Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 4 slices goat cheese, French bread, for serving, 3 medium beets red or gold, scrubbed, leaves trimmed, Olive oil, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 12 cup olive oil], title: Warm Lentil Salad with Roasted Beets and Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 8931: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F and position an oven rack in the middle.nCut the carrots into 1inch lengths. Cut any thick pieces in half lengthwise so that the carrot chunks are all about the same size. Gently toss the carrots, onion, garlic cloves, oil and jerk seasoning together on a large baking sheet. Place in the oven and bake until the largest vegetables are very tender and browned in parts, about 50 minutes, flipping once halfway through cooking. Remove from the oven and cool slightly. Discard any parts of the onion wedges that has become leathery and chewy after from roasting.nOnce cooled, remove the garlic cloves from their skins place garlic in a food processor along with the carrots and onions, lime juice, coconut milk, salt and 2 tablespoons of water. Blend until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Add additional water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until desired consistency is reached.nTransfer the dip to a small serving bowl and garnish with lime zest. Serve with flatbread and vegetables., ingredients: [1 pound medium carrots, peeled, 1 large yellow onion, peeled and cut into 8 wedges leave the root intact but trim any hairy bits, 2 unpeeled garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon jerk seasoning, Zest and juice of 1 lime about 12 teaspoon zest and 2 tablespoons juice, 14 cup coconut milk, well stirred, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Serving suggestions: Warm flatbread, sliced celery, cucumber andor bell pepper sticks], title: JerkSpiced Carrot Dip, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 8932: {instructions: To prepare the shallots: Fill a deep saucepan with about 2 inches of vegetable oil. Heat over medium heat until a deepfat thermometer reads 360 degrees. Alternatively, use an electric deepfat fryer. Toss the shallots with the flour in a large bowl, to coat. Transfer to a strainer and shake to remove the excess flour. Add the shallots to the hot oil and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove the shallots with a slotted spoon, drain on paper towels, and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nWash the spinach in several changes of cold water. Drain in a colander and pile into a large nonreactive pot. Place the pot over medium heat and cook, stirring, until just wilted, about 3 minutes. The spinach will steam and cook in the water clinging to its leaves. Drain and rinse under cold running water. Use your hands to squeeze out the water. Transfer to a work surface and coarsely chop. Melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Pour in the milk, whisking constantly, and increase the heat to mediumhigh. Bring to a simmer, stirring often, and cook until thick and smooth, 3 to 5 minutes. Season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Stir in the spinach just before serving and warm through under low heat, about 3 minutes.nServe the spinach hot, garnished with the fried shallots., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 large shallots, thinly sliced, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 1pound bunches fresh spinach, large stems removed, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 14 cups whole milk, heated, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamed Spinach with Crispy Shallots, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 8933: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, over mediumhigh heat, combine broth, rice, salt, and saffron.nBring to a boil. Remove from heat and stir in currants. Cover and let stand 5 to 7 minutes until liquid is absorbed. Fluff with fork to distribute saffron and currants. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cups instant rice, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 pinch saffron threads, 2 tablespoons currants], title: Saffron Rice with Currants, picturelink: null}, 8934: {instructions: Pour into a highball glass., ingredients: [2 parts Kahlua, 4 parts soda water], title: Kahlua and Club Soda, picturelink: c4Yeb95tCsU6.1PL3d4fov5waa5TL6}, 8935: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine pie filling and brandy. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Stir in butter 1 piece at a time until melted. Remove from heat. Set aside 6 cherries, for garnish.nDivide the filling among the 6 crepes and roll or fold crepes. Top with a drizzle of chocolate syrup and garnish with a sprig of mint and reserved cherries., ingredients: [1 21ounce can cherry pie filling recommended: Comstock More Fruit, 14 cup Kirsch cherry brandy, 4 tablespoons butter, cold, 6 storebought crepes recommended: Friedas, Chocolate syrup, for garnish, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Brandied Cherry Crepes, picturelink: NUseiECdYuzJy55cp2NolryAWnysLXO}, 8936: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a large saute pan until approximately 350 degrees. Fry the plantain slices until golden brown and crisp. Remove from the oil and dust with sugar and cinnamon. Drain on paper towels, and reserve for garnishnBring all ingredients to a gentle boil, cool and reserve until needed. .nTo assemble the banana split, slice the bananas lengthways and cook in a saute pan with a little butter. Peel the pineapple and cut into 1inch rings. Remove the core. Add the pineapple to pan and cook until both are golden brown. Add the sugar and the rum. Flambe and stand aside. Place on the plate, bananas first, face up. Top with the pineapple ring. Pour any pan juices over the fruit. Drizzle a little of the Chocolate Rum Sauce over the dessert and the plate. Garnish with whipped cream and plantain chips.nFor the plantain crisps, fry the plantain slices in shallow vegetable oil until crisp, about 1 minute. Transfer the plantain chips to a plate lined with paper towels and immediately sprinkle with sugar and ground cinnamon.nMix all ingredients together in bowl. Transfer to freezer friendly container and freeze until set. Serve with the banana split or enjoy alone., ingredients: [1 cup white sugar, 12 cup good quality Cocoa Powder, 4ounces unsalted butter, 1 cup dark rum, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 green plantains, cut in thin slices lengthwise, Sugar, Ground cinnamon, 2 ripe bananas, 1 ripe pineapple, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup amber rum, 1 cup heavy cream and 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar whipped to soft peaks, 1 can Coco Lopez, 1 can unsweetened coconut milk, 1 can water, 2 tablespoons lime juice], title: Bora Bora Banana Split with Chocolate Rum Fudge Sauce, picturelink: null}, 8937: {instructions: Wipe the mushrooms clean with a damp cloth. Remove the stems and finely chop them. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, combine the ground meat, fennel seed, onion, garlic, lemon zest, half of the cheese, the chopped mushroom stems, breadcrumbs and spinach and season with salt and pepper. Brush lightly with EVOO and stuff the mixture into the caps.nArrange the caps on a rimmed baking sheet or in a baking dish. Leave some room around each mushroom to prevent the caps from getting steamy. Sprinkle the remaining cheese and the nuts on the caps and transfer to the oven. Bake until the mushrooms are tender and the filling is cooked through, about 25 minutes. Serve warm.nPhotographs by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [16 baby portabella mushrooms creminis, 1 pound ground chicken or turkey breast, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 13 palmful, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, grated or finely chopped, 1 lemon, zested, 1 cup shredded asiago cheese, 12 cup breadcrumbs, a couple handfuls, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and wrung dry in a clean kitchen towel, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons EVOO extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup pine nuts or chopped almonds], title: RACHAEL RAYS STUFFED BABY BELLAS Stuffed Baby Bellas, picturelink: null}, 8938: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the honey and mustard until combined. Brush the mixture on the outside of each bun and sprinkle the crushed pretzels on top. Place the buns on a baking sheet and bake until slightly golden brown, 5 to 8 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 4 hamburger buns, 14 cup crushed pretzels], title: Honey Mustard Buns, picturelink: ve13EJnttEHHCtqWGBt0rE91O1cp0a}, 8939: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the meatloaf: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat a small skillet over medium heat. Add the oil and onions, season with some salt and saute until translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for 1 to 2 minutes without letting the garlic brown. Remove from the heat and let cool.nIn a large bowl, add the crackers, milk, mustard, Worcestershire, hot sauce and eggs. Whisk together, and then sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the meat, parsley and cooled onions. Mix with your hands until evenly combined. Bake a tester meatloaf patty to taste and test the seasoning, adjusting as necessary. Using your hands, gently form the meatloaf into a loaf about 9by5inches. Place on a baking sheet.nFor the glaze: In a small bowl, combine the ketchup, brown sugar and apple cider vinegar. Slather half of the glaze over the meatloaf. Make sure not to touch the meatloaf with the spoon and then put that spoon back into the glaze dont cross contaminate, people Bake until the meat registers 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 1 hour. Let rest for 20 minutes before slicing for sandwiches.nFor the sandwich build: Place a slice of cheese on the bottom griddled bun, then a slice of meatloaf, spoon some extra glaze on the loaf, pop on a few pickles and top with crispy onions. Repeat to make 3 more sandwiches., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small Spanish onion, minced, Salt, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup coarsely crushed soda crackers, such as Nabisco Saltine Crackers about 24 crackers, 12 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 large eggs, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1 pound ground beef chuck, 8 ounces ground pork, 8 ounces ground veal, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley, 12 cup ketchup, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 4 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 4 slices sharp Cheddar, 4 potato rolls, buttered and toasted, Bread and butter pickles 3 to 5 per sandwich, 1 can crispy onions, such as Frenchs French Fried Onions], title: AllAmerican DownHome Patriotic Meatloaf Sandwich, picturelink: 1qw8FVz00NYdY.5c64uabaiYOWyRIF.}, 8940: {instructions: Make the dough: In a food processor combine the flour and salt. Add the butter and shortening and pulse until it resembles very coarse meal. Add the Cheddar and pulse until it again resembles coarse meal. Transfer the mixture to a bowl. Add the yolk mixture, tossing with a fork until it forms a dough. Add more cold water 1 tablespoon at a time, if necessary. Form the dough into a ball, flatten it into a disc, and dust with flour. Wrap the dough in waxed paper and chill for at least 1 hour or overnight.nRoll out half the dough 18inch thick on a lightly floured surface. Fit it into a 9inch 1quart glass pie plate and trim the edge, leaving a 34inch overhang. Chill the shell and the remaining dough while making the filling.nMake the filling: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Peel, core, and cut the apples into eighths. In a large bowl toss together the apples, 34 cup of the sugar, the flour, the cinnamon, the nutmeg, the salt, and the lemon juice until the mixture is combined well. Transfer the filling to the shell and dot it with the butter.nRoll out the remaining dough into a 13 by 14inch round on a lightly floured surface, drape it over the filling, and trim it, leaving a 1inch overhang. Fold the overhang under the bottom crust, pressing the edge to seal it, and crimp the edge decoratively. Brush the crust lightly with the milk and cut slits in it with a sharp knife to form steam vents. Bake the pie on a large baking sheet in the middle of the oven for 10 minutes. Reduce the temperature to 350 degrees and bake the pie for 20 to 25 minutes more, or until the crust is golden and the apples are tender., ingredients: [2 23 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cubed, 4 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 4 ounces sharp Cheddar, grated fine and chilled well, 2 egg yolks beaten lightly with 13 cup cold water, Milk, 3 pounds about 8 McIntosh apples, 34 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits], title: Double Crusted Cheddar Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 8941: {instructions: Special equipment: Ramekinsn1. Prepare the molds. Generously coat the interiors of 8 6ounce straightsided ramekins with the softened butter using a pastry brush or your fingers. Pour 2 tablespoons sugar into 1 dish and turn it until all surfaces are coated, then tip the sugar out into the next and repeat the process until all the ramekins have a thorough coating of butter and sugar. Set the prepared molds in a large shallow baking pan or on a halfsheet pan.n2. Applesauce. Tie the rosemary sprigs together with kitchen twine, wrapping the twine in a spiral up the length of the stems to keep the needles from falling off in the sauce. Put 34 cup sugar in a 4quart heavybottomed saucepan and place it over mediumhigh heat. When the sugar begins to melt, stir it with a wooden spoon. it will form big lumps at first, but keep cooking and stirring until all the sugar is dissolved and you have a smooth amber syrup. As soon as it reaches this stage, add 2 tablespoons butter and stir until it is melted and incorporated. Add the apples and stir. The caramel will harden and form lumps again, but once the sauce cooks it will dissolve. Add the rosemary bundle, cinnamon stick, and vanilla bean. Stir in the vanilla extract if using. Puree the mixture with a handheld immersion blender, in a food processor, or by passing it through a food mill. You should have a deep brown sauce that is thick enough to hold its shape in a mound. This applesauce can be stored covered in the refrigerator up to 1 week. Bring to room temperature before proceeding.n3. Egg whites. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, whisk the egg yolks and liquor if suing into the applesauce. In a separate bowl, beat the egg whites until they form soft peaks, add the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar, and continue to beat until they form stiff peaks. Using a large rubber spatula, fold onethird of the whites into the apple mixture until it is thoroughly incorporated, then gently fold in the remaining egg whites. Tilt the bowl over the prepared souffle cups and, using the rubber spatula to carefully guide the mixture, fill the dishes to 12 inch of the top. Wipe up any spills ont he sides of the dishes and, using your thumb, wipe off any mixture that is touching the rims. If the souffle bakes onto any buttered surface at the top of dish, it will stick and prevent it from rising straight up. At this point the souffles can be held up to 1 hour at room temperature.n4. Baking. Put the baking pan holding the souffles in the oven and pour about 12 inch hot tap water into the pan. Bake until the souffles are nicely browned and risen about 1 12 inches, 20 to 25 minutes. Using tongs or oven mitts, immediately transfer the hot dishes to individual serving plates and rush them to the tables with pitchers of the custard sauce. Each guest should break open their souffle in the middle and pour in some of the custard.n1. Heating the milk and warming the yolks. Pour the milk and sugar into a small 1 to 2quart saucepan and set it over medium heat. Put the egg yolks in a medium stainlesssteel mixing bowl and float that bowl in a larger bowl half full of hot tap water. Whisk the yolks until they are lukewarm, about 90 degrees to 100 degrees F. it will take less than 1 minute, then lift the bowl out of the water.n2. Cooking the custard. The instant the milk mixture comes to a rolling boil and rises in the pan, lift it off the heat. With the whisk in one hand and the saucepan in the other, pour the boiling milk into the egg yolks as you whisk constantly but gently. Continue to gently stir the sauce with the whisk for 30 seconds. At this point it should be fully cooked. An instantread thermometer set in the sauce should register 170 degrees to 180 degrees F. It should coat a teaspoon, but it will become much thicker when it cools. If for some reason the sauce did not get hot enough to thicken, you can place the bowl on top of a saucepan of boiling water and stir it with a rubber spatula until it reaches 170 degrees F. Do not heat the sauce above 180 degrees F. or it will curdle. Now whisk the sauce rapidly for 30 seconds to cool it and then pour it through a fine sieve. Store it in a covered container in the refrigerator for up to 5 days.nPour the milk into a small 1 to 2quart saucpean and place it over mediumhigh heat. Watch the pan carefully. As soon as the milk comes to a full boil, add the herbs and any additional flavoring, push them under the surface of the pan and let the herbs steep for 30 minutes. If they steep longer, it will have little effect on the flavor, but you should uncover the pan so that the milk can cool faster. Strain the liquid through a fine sieve into a large liquid measuring cup, pressing down firmly on the herbs with the back of a spoon to extract all the liquid from the leaves. Add fresh milk if needed to measure 2 cups., ingredients: [About 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, for the ramekins, 2 tablespoons sugar for the ramekins, 2 4inch sprigs fresh rosemary, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 pounds tart apples about 6 large, such as Granny Smith, Jonagold, or Braeburn, peeled, cored, and cut into 12inch dice, 1 2inch piece cinnamon stick, 12 vanilla bean, split and scraped, or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger, 3 large egg yolks, Optional: 2 tablespoons Calvados or Cognac, 6 large egg whites, 1 cup HerbInfused Custard Sauce made with fresh bay laurel leaves or rosemary, and vanilla recipe follows, 2 cups herbinfused whole milk recipe follows, 12 cup sugar, 6 large egg yolks, 2 cups whole milk, plus an additional 2 tablespoons if needed, Your choice of herb see in main souffle recipe above], title: AppleRosemary Souffle, picturelink: null}, 8942: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a blender. Blend, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula, until well combined., ingredients: [3 cups lightly packed fresh green coriander leaves, coarsely chopped, 12 to 1 fresh, hot green chile, coarsely chopped, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon ground toasted cumin seeds, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Fresh Coriander Chutney, picturelink: null}, 8943: {instructions: Heat a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the olive oil and bacon and cook until the bacon renders its fat, about 4 minutes. Remove the bacon to a paper towellined plate to drain.nPat the venison dry with paper towels and season with salt and pepper. In batches, cook the meat in the Dutch oven until browned all over, about 6 minutes per batch. Remove the meat to a plate as it browns.nOnce all of the meat is out of the pot, add the onion, bell pepper, green chilies, and garlic and cook until the onion and pepper begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the chili powder, cumin, paprika, and chipotle powder and cook until the vegetables are coated with the spices, about 1 minute. Pour in the beer, bring to a boil, and boil until reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, beef broth, chopped chipotle and chipotle sauce, brown sugar, and cocoa powder. Bring to a simmer and add the bacon and venison back. Simmer the stew, partially covered, until the meat is tender and the sauce is thick and flavorful, 1 12 hours to 1 hour and 45 minutes, uncovering for the last half an hour. If the meat is tender but the sauce is too thin, simmer rapidly over high heat for a minute or two to reduce, stirring to keep the bottom from burning., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 slices bacon, chopped, 2 pounds venison stew meat, cut into 1 or 2inch chunks, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 4ounce can chopped green chilies, drained, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons cumin, 1 teaspoon paprika preferably smoked, 14 teaspoon chipotle chili powder, 1 cup dark beer such as Dos Equis, 1 28ounce can fireroasted whole tomatoes, crushed by hand, 1 14 12ounce can lowsodium beef broth, 1 chipotle chili in adobo, chopped, plus 2 tablespoons sauce from the can, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder], title: Venison Chili from the Land, picturelink: UynRck7Xd8CYkGmwRfE9DIo5p9B8Qi}, 8944: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the bay leaf, vinegar, sugar, hot pepper sauce, and garlic, and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and let cool. Remove the bay leaf. Whisk in the toasted caraway seeds, mustard and vegetable oil until combined. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nPlace the cabbage and onion in a large bowl, pour the dressing over, and toss to coat evenly. Adjust the seasonings, cover and refrigerate overnight., ingredients: [1 bay leaf, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 dashes hot pepper sauce, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, toasted, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 head red cabbage, thinly sliced, 14 head green cabbage, thinly sliced, 1 red onion, peeled and thinly sliced], title: Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 8945: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the sweet potatoes on a baking sheet, puncture with a fork, and roast until tender but still slightly underdone, about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Peel and cut into 1inch cubes set aside.nIn a large skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the garlic, onions and peppers and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the diced sweet potatoes and some salt and pepper continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes are cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes. Turn the heat to low and stir in the spinach.nMelt the butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and fry the eggs until the whites are set and the yolks are still runny. Spoon the hash onto four plates and top each serving with a fried egg. Garnish with basil and Parmesan., ingredients: [3 sweet potatoes about 2 12 pounds, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 onion, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 4 cups baby spinach, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 eggs, 8 fresh basil leaves, torn or chopped, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Sweet Potato Hash with Fried Eggs, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 8946: {instructions: Special equipment: Round cookie cutter or ring mold 1inch in height by 1 12 to 2inches in diameter, parchment papernFor Peanut Butter Pate: In a mediumsized bowl mix together the peanut butter and the cooked brown rice. Incorporate the mixture until thick enough to mold. Set the bowl in the refrigerator until chilled, about 15 minutes. When the mixture is cold, remove it from the refrigerator. Lightly grease the inside wall of a ring mold with peanut oil. Put the ring on a sheet of parchment paper set on a flat surface. Fill the ring with the peanut butter mixture. Gently lift the ring from the parchment paper. The peanut butter pate should hold a perfectly circular shape. Regrease the ring mold and repeat until all the mixture has been used. Refrigerate the pate until ready to serve.nFor the Blueberry Puree: Bring the blueberries and water to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Lower the heat and let the berries reduce for about 10 minutes. Transfer the berries and most of the water to a blender. Blend on a low setting for about 30 seconds. Pour the puree into a small dish and refrigerate until chilled.nBefore serving, remove the pates from the parchment paper with a spatula and arrange on a serving dish. After plating, dab a little of the blueberry puree on top for garnish., ingredients: [1 cup peanut butter, 12 cup cooked instant brown rice, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 12 cup blueberries, 1 cup water], title: Peanut Butter and Jelly PuppyPate, picturelink: null}, 8947: {instructions: Mix the lime juice, soy sauce and oyster sauce in a bowl set aside. Pour the vegetable oil into a skillet to come halfway up the sides. Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer reads 350 degrees F. Working in batches, fry the chiles until golden, about 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Add the warm chiles to the lime juice mixture and toss. Chill at least 3 hours., ingredients: [14 cup lime juice, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, Vegetable oil, 1 pound fresh Anaheim or guero chiles], title: Chiles Toreados, picturelink: null}, 8948: {instructions: 1.Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper to taste. Heat olive oil in 1 very large or 2 medium skillets over mediumhigh heat. Add chicken and brown on all sides, about 35 minutes per side. Remove chicken and set aside. Pour off all but 2 Tbs. of pan drippings. In same pan, saute onion and half of garlic until soft. Stir in flour to blend, then slowly stir in 1 cup broth, bay leaf and saffron. Return chicken to pan, cover and simmer over mediumlow heat 30 minutes.n2. Meanwhile, in blender, combine almonds, 2 Tbs. parsley, remaining garlic and broth. Process until almonds are finely ground. With tongs or slotted spoon, transfer chicken to platter. Turn heat to high and stir almond mixture into pan liquids. Bring to boil and boil 12 minutes, or until slightly thick. Pour sauce over chicken and sprinkle with eggs, capers and remaining parsley.n3 Key Ingredients: STAR Originale Olive Oil, Capers, Chicken, ingredients: [5 lbs chicken pieces, salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 Tbs. STAR Originale Olive Oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 Tbs. allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 1 bay leaf, pinch saffron strands, 12 cup slivered almonds, 3 Tbs. minced parsley, 2 hardcooked eggs, chopped, 2 Tbs. STAR Capers], title: Chicken with Almond Sauce, picturelink: null}, 8949: {instructions: In a 2quart saucepan bring salted water to a boil and add rice and boil, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until cooked, about 25 minutes. Drain rice in a colander and rinse under cold running water until cool. Drain rice well.nIn a saucepan of boiling salted water, blanch beans and carrots for 1 or 2 minutes, drain in a sieve and shock in ice bath. Drain vegetables well.nIn a large bowl whisk together lemon juice, mustard, salt, and pepper. Add oil in a stream and whisk until emulsified. Add rice, blanched vegetables, celery, bell pepper, scallions, and chickpeas, toss well and adjust seasoning. Add dill and parsley. Serve on bed of arugula., ingredients: [2 cups water, Salt, 1 cup shortgrain brown rice, 12 pound green beans, trimmed, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 carrots, peeled, diced, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 6 tablespoons extravirgin oil, 1 celery rib, diced, 1 red bell pepper, cored, diced, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 1 12 cups canned chickpeas, Chopped dill, for garnish, Chopped parsley, for garnish, 1 bunch arugula salad, tough stems removed], title: Vegetable Rice Salads with Beans, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 8950: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Whisk the eggs, heavy cream, 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl until combined set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a 10inch ovenproof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, without stirring, until browned on the bottom, about 3 minutes. Stir, then continue cooking until the liquid evaporates, about 4 minutes. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the bell peppers and a pinch each of salt and pepper cook, stirring, until the peppers are softened and lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes.nReduce the heat to medium. Pour the egg mixture into the skillet and stir once or twice to combine cook, without stirring, until the edges start setting, about 1 minute. Scatter the cheese curds and scallions on top, then transfer the skillet to the oven. Bake until the frittata is set and lightly browned, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes in the skillet, then invert or slide onto a cutting board. Serve warm or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [12 large eggs, 12 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 ounces cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced about 2 cups, 2 bell peppers any color, thinly sliced, 6 ounces cheese curds, roughly chopped about 1 cup or mozzarella, shredded, 2 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Cheesy Pepper and Mushroom Frittata, picturelink: rzFDuT48WWiZsB0wFuu78oe0va6m2zu}, 8951: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPat the tenderloin dry with paper towels and sprinkle all sides with a generous amount of salt and pepper u2013 you should see the seasoning on the meat. Place a large skillet or roasting pan over mediumhigh flame, drizzle with the oil, and just when it begins to smoke lay the tenderloin in the hot pan. Brown on all sides until a crust forms and the meat is wellseared, about 7 minutes total. Toss the fresh thyme and rosemary on top of the tenderloin and transfer the whole thing to the oven roast for 20 to 25 minutes for mediumrare.nRemove the tenderloin to a cutting board to rest for 10 minutes before carving. Pour off the excess fat from the pan and put it back on the stove over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots to the pan drippings, saute, stirring with a spoon to scrape up the flavors in the bottom. Take the pan off the heat and pour in the cognac premeasure  never pour directly from the bottle Put the pan back on the heat and tilt it slightly over the burner to ignite the alcohol, or light with a kitchen lighter. The cognac will flame for a few seconds then go out as the alcohol burns off. Stir in the demiglace and cream, simmer for about 1 minute to thicken the sauce so it coats a spoon. Finish the sauce by stirring in the mustard and peppercorns until incorporated. Taste and season with salt, if necessary.nTo serve: pile the watercress on a serving platter, cut the tenderloin into 12inch thick slices and arrange it on top of the greens. Drizzle the sauce over the beef and garnish with chopped parsley. Serve the steak au poivre with pommes frites., ingredients: [1 4pound beef tenderloin, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 handful fresh thyme sprigs, 1 handful fresh rosemary sprigs, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 12 cup Cognac or brandy, 12 cup demiglace or dark stock, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons jarred green peppercorns, drained, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 bunch watercress, stems trimmed], title: Steak au Poivre, picturelink: 3hdvLnm7dxUFhNtoHIT8IURMpskuOMa}, 8952: {instructions: Make the cilantroavocado cream sauce: In a blender, combine the cilantro, avocados, sour cream, lime juice and a pinch of salt. Blend until smooth. Set aside.nMake the beef filling: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, salt, a few grinds of pepper, the cumin and thyme. Cook, stirring, until the onions are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add the beef and break it up with a spoon or spatula as it browns. When the meat is cooked through, taste and, if needed, season with a pinch of salt.nFill the chimichangas: Warm the tortillas in a microwave for just a few seconds. Using a rubber spatula or the back of a spoon, spread onequarter of the beans in the center of each tortilla, making a rectangle with the rough dimensions of 6 inches by 3 inches. Add the beef directly over the beans. This leaves 2 inches of tortilla on the rectangles short sides of the filling and 3 12 inches of tortilla on the long sides.nRoll the chimichangas: With the length of the rectangle of fillings horizontal to you, use both hands to fold each side in and over the mound of beef. Then fold the flap closest to you over the beef, tuck it in gently but tightly and roll the burrito away from you. Set aside with the seam side down and continue with the rest.nFry the chimichangas: Fill a large straightsided pan with an inch of oil and bring it to 350 degrees F. When the oil is hot, add 2 burritos at a time, seamside down, adjusting the temperature to keep the oil at 350 degrees F. Cook until golden on the bottom, then roll and cook all sides, about 3 to 5 minutes total. Transfer to a paper towellined plate. Repeat with the rest.nTop the chimichangas: Turn on the broiler or preheat your oven to 500 degrees F. Place the chimichangas on a baking sheet, seamside down. Mix the cheddar and jack cheeses in a bowl. Top each chimichanga evenly with cheese. Cook until the cheese melts, about 1 minute. Transfer each to a serving plate and top evenly with lettuce, cilantroavocado cream sauce, tomatoes, pickled jalapenos and radish slices.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [For the sauce:, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 avocados, pitted and mashed, 1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Kosher salt, For the filling:, 1 tablespoon vegetable or olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped Vidalia or other sweet onion, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 to 4 sprigs thyme, leaves stripped and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp or finely minced, 1 pound 80 percent lean ground beef chuck, For the chimichangas:, 4 10inch flour tortillas, 1 15 12ounce can refried black beans, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese, 1 cup shredded pepper jack cheese, 1 small head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 4 Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 8 to 12 pickled jalapeno slices, 4 radishes, thinly sliced], title: Chimichanga Alamo, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 8953: {instructions: Use oil to lightly grease a cookie sheet. Place white sugar and water in a small heavy pot and stir to combine. Turn on heat to medium and cook mixture, swirling occasionally but not stirring, until bubbling stops and sugar turns medium amber. Quickly stir in almonds and pour mixture onto greased cookie sheet. Let cool. Turn cookie sheet over onto piece of waxed paper and rap bottom sharply to release praline. Break praline up into large chunks then blend briefly in food processor to form pebblesized pieces. Set aside.nCombine milk and cinnamon sticks in a saucepan and bring to the simmer. Turn off heat and let infuse for 30 minutes. Whisk together brown sugar and egg yolks until thick and pale brown. Bring milk back to a simmer and pour about one cup over egg mixture in bowl, whisking constantly. Pour egg mixture into saucepan and cook gently over very low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, 10 minutes until well thickened. Stir in cream to stop the cooking and pour the mixture through a fine strainer into a clean bowl. Whisk in vanilla, ground cinnamon, and salt. Refrigerate mixture until cold.nFreeze in ice cream machine while still soft, fold in the praline pebbles. Scrape into container, cover, and freeze until solid., ingredients: [1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 34 cup white sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 1 cup sliced almonds, 3 cups milk, 4 cinnamon sticks, 8 large egg yolks, 1 cup plus one brown tablespoon packed brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of salt, 1 cup crema, creme fraiche or sour cream], title: Cinnamon Praline Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 8954: {instructions: In the basket of a coffee percolator place the allspice berries, peppercorns, star anise, cinnamon sticks, ginger and citrus zest. Pour the wine and honey into the percolator. Attach basket, cover and let percolate for 1 to 2 hours. Serve hot., ingredients: [6 whole allspice berries, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 2 whole star anise, 3 cinnamon sticks, One 1inch piece fresh ginger, sliced, 3 large strips orange zest, 3 large strips lemon zest, Two 750ml bottles red wine, 34 cup honey], title: Mulled Wine, picturelink: AOMuIuZfGrXRfuvjBu88FifAssIIW}, 8955: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the longgrain and wild rice mixes according to the package directions. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13by2inch casserole dish.nIn a large skillet, melt the butter. Add the mushrooms and onions and saute until the onions are translucent. Stir in the flour, cooking for 2 to 3 minutes. Slowly stir the broth and reserved canned mushroom liquid if using into the onion mixture, then stir in the halfandhalf. Cook until the mixture has thickened, 7 to 10 minutes.nAdd the chicken, rice, toasted almonds, pimientos, parsley, salt and pepper into the wet mixture. Pour everything into the prepared casserole dish and bake, uncovered, until most of the liquid has been absorbed, 30 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [Two 6ounce boxes longgrain and wild rice mix, such as Uncle Bens, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for greasing dish, 16 ounces fresh mushrooms, sliced, or two 4 12ounce cans sliced mushrooms, drained reserve the liquid, 1 small onion, chopped, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups chicken broth, 3 cups halfandhalf, 4 cooked boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, diced, 1 cup toasted slivered almonds, coarsely chopped, 12 cup sliced pimientos, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken and Wild Rice Casserole, picturelink: HCLr3s8xefORJws9IfjFMKNin0E99Z.}, 8956: {instructions: Peel, halve and core the pears, leaving the stem intact. Combine the Pinot Grigio, sugar, anise seed and lemon peel with 1 12 cups water in a medium saucepan place over high heat and cook about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium low and add the pears cutside down, in one layer, making sure that the liquid completely covers the pears. Cover and simmer until the pears are tender but intact, 30 to 40 minutes.nRemove the pears and set aside. Remove the lemon peel from the liquid and continue simmering uncovered until the liquid is reduced to 1 cup, 15 to 20 minutes. Divide the pears among 4 plates. Drizzle with some of the syrup. Serve with a dollop each of mascarpone cheese and dulce de leche, and an anise torta., ingredients: [4 ripe Anjou or Bosc pears, 3 12 cups Pinot Grigio, 34 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon anise seed, 1 long strip of lemon peel, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, Dulce de leche, for serving, 4 small anise tortas or thin, sweet crackers], title: Pinot Grigio Poached Pears, picturelink: UPhvbVv8hhlGd4OcIEWes3KXOOV5eAq}, 8957: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the cauliflower into florets. Place the florets on a baking sheet, drizzle with the oil and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt. Toss the florets to coat evenly and roast, stirring halfway through for even cooking, until very tender with brown and crispy edges, about 45 minutes. Let cool for 15 minutes.nTransfer half the florets to the center of a large clean dish towel. Wrap up all sides of the towel and twist it up to squeeze out the excess moisture. Squeezing out the moisture is very important because it will help prevent the crust from falling apart. Transfer the florets to a food processor and pulse until you get a ricelike texture. Repeat with the remaining florets.nLine a baking sheet or pizza pan with parchment. Generously spray the parchment with cooking spray. Do not skip this step.nIn a large bowl, add the pulsed cauliflower, egg, goat cheese, oregano, turmeric, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Use your hands and mix well. Press the dough out into a 9inch circle about 13inch thick on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the crust is golden brown and the edges are crispy, 25 to 30 minutes.nSpread the marinara sauce over the crust, leaving a 1inch border around the edge. Add the cooked sausage, then sprinkle with the mozzarella. Return to the oven until the cheese melts, another 10 minutes. Let sit for 5 minutes, then top with basil leaves and serve., ingredients: [One 2pound head cauliflower, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cooking spray, for the pan, 1 large egg, beaten, 13 cup crumbled goat cheese about 2 ounces, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 to 34 cup marinara sauce, 1 link Italian sausage about 3 ounces, casing removed, cooked and crumbled, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, Basil leaves, for garnish], title: Cauliflower Pizza Crust with Sausage and Basil, picturelink: wfDa5sMfYubiq.ogDIquAyZmUVxJicK}, 8958: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, breaking up the pork, until slightly browned, 2 minutes. Add the garlic, mushrooms, half of the scallions and 2 tablespoons panko cook 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, half of the parsley and 13 cup water. Increase the heat to high cook until slightly thickened, 3 minutes.nCombine the cottage cheese, 34 cup Mexican cheese and the remaining parsley in a bowl. Sprinkle 3 tablespoons panko in a 9inchsquare baking dish. Top with half of the squash, overlapping slightly season with salt. Top with twothirds of the pork sauce and the cheese mixture. Add the remaining squash season with salt. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons panko, pork sauce and 12 cup Mexican cheese.nCover with foil and bake until the cheese melts and the squash is tender, about 20 minutes. Uncover and turn on the broiler broil until golden, 2 minutes. Top with the remaining scallions.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [6 ounces ground pork, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 4 ounces cremini mushrooms, stemmed and chopped, 3 scallions, chopped, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs preferably wholewheat, 1 14.5ounce can nosaltadded diced tomatoes, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 34 cup lowfat smallcurd cottage cheese, 1 14 cups shredded reducedfat Mexican cheese blend 5 ounces, 1 large yellow squash, halved crosswise and thinly sliced lengthwise, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Squash and Pork Casserole, picturelink: q7tgwdU36bpBWmYAB5s1hFqq.KhP5O}, 8959: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPat the fish dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. In a large ovensafe saute pan, heat the olive oil over medium heat and cook the onions and fennel until tender and golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes and herbes de Provence and cook until the tomatoes begin to soften, another 5 minutes. Increase the heat to high and deglaze the pan with the wine, chicken stock and lemon juice and let bubble for 1 minute.nNestle the fish fillets into the pan, sprinkle with salt and pepper and top each with a pat of butter. Place into the oven and cook until the fish is cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes.nBroil just until a bit crusty, about 1 more minute. Squeeze lemon juice on the fish and serve., ingredients: [Four 4ounce fish fillets mild white fish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 small yellow onions, sliced with the grain, 1 bulb fennel, cored and cut into very thin wedges, 2 tomatoes, cut into small wedges, 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 lemon, juiced, 4 small pats butter, Lemon wedges, for squeezing], title: Snapper with Fennel, Onion and Tomato, picturelink: YRDn8UCpNB3r1DOY2mqK7jbIdn47IG}, 8960: {instructions: In a bowl combine all ingredients. Let stand in refrigerator for 2 hours, ingredients: [2 pints medium size strawberries, hulled and sliced, 1 750 milliliter bottle red wine, 14 cup orange blossom honey, 1 teaspoon finely chopped lemon zest, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 cup sugar], title: Macerated Strawberries, picturelink: null}, 8961: {instructions: To prepare the steak: Place the wine, rosemary, thyme, bay leaves, onion, garlic and olive oil in a large shallow baking dish and stir to combine. Add the steak and turn to coat both sides. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight. Heat the grill, remove the meat from the marinade, season both sides with salt and pepper to taste and grill 6 to 7 minutes on each side. Let sit 5 minutes and slice against the grain., ingredients: [3 cups dry red wine, 4 small sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 small onion, coarsely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 2 pound flank steak, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Red WineRosemary Grilled Flank Steak, picturelink: null}, 8962: {instructions: Put tomatoes in a blender and puree set aside.nIn a medium pot, heat olive oil, over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and garlic. Saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Add pureed tomatoes, Italian seasoning, and wine. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes.nServe Tuscan Tomato soup hot, garnished with chopped basil., ingredients: [1 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes with basil, pureed recommended: Progresso, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup frozen chopped onions recommended: OreIda, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic, 1 12 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 1 cup white wine, preferably Chardonnay, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped basil leaves], title: Tuscan Tomato Soup with Basil, picturelink: j0O2Lxz0jK8DpLNtoFTLJY9FR4bu6K}, 8963: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish with the 1 tablespoon of room temp butter and set aside.nCook the potatoes in a large pot of boiling salted water until they are very tender, about 15 minutes. Drain return the potatoes to the same pot and mash well with a potato masher. Mix in the melted butter and milk. Mix in the mozzarella, 34 cup of the Parmesan and pancetta. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and add in parsley. Transfer the potatoes to the prepared baking dish. Stir the bread crumbs and remaining 14 cup of Parmesan in a small bowl to blend. Sprinkle the bread crumb mixture over the mashed potatoes. Recipe can be prepared up to this point 6 hours ahead of time cover and chill.nBake, uncovered, until the topping is golden brown, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [4 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 stick butter, melted plus 1 tablespoon at room temp, 1 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, divided use, 8 oz pancetta, diced, cooked and drained of excess oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 chopped fresh flat leaf Italian parsley, 2 tablespoons plain dry bread crumbs], title: Baked Mashed Potatoes, with Pancetta, Parmesan Cheese, and Breadcrumbs, picturelink: viYJqyneygVhSRi1Cw5eUqERJLIOYb2}, 8964: {instructions: Cook the pearl barley in boiling, salted water for about 50 minutes, or until tender but still with a little bite, then drain and leave to steam dry.nNext, heat a glug of olive oil in a frying pan and add the onion and a pinch of salt. Cook slowly on a low heat for about 10 minutes, without coloring too much. Add the barley and the peas. Cover with the stock and bring to the boil. Simmer for 10 minutes, stirring every now and then.nOn a board, mash the flour and butter together with a fork until you have a paste. This is called a beurre manie and its a great way of thickening stews or sauces without having to stir the flour in directly, which could give you lumps. Stir half of the paste into the peas and barley and continue to simmer until the liquid begins to thicken. If, after 5 minutes, its not thick enough, add some more of your beurre manie. What you want to achieve is a silky smooth broth. Continue to simmer for another 10 minutes, adding a little extra stock if it gets too dry, while you cook your partridges.nPut some olive oil into another frying pan. Season the partridge legs with salt and pepper and add them to the pan. The legs go in first because theyre tougher than the breasts and need longer to cook. Shake them about and, after a few minutes, when theyre lightly golden, add the bacon bits and stir gently to stop them catching on the bottom. Meanwhile, lay the partridge breasts out, sprinkle over the chopped thyme and press onto both sides with a good pinch of seasoning. When the bacon is lightly golden, push it to 1 side of the pan with the partridge legs and lay the breasts in, skin side down. Cook for 4 minutes, then turn and cook on the other side for a minute to give you crispy skin and moist meat. You can cook them for longer if you like your meat well done.nWhen the breasts are done, taste the barley broth and adjust the seasoning, then stir in the lettuce and arugula  they only need a minute or so to cook. Serve the barley, peas and lettuce with the partridge breasts and legs on top and sprinkle with the bacon pieces. Spoon the broth juices over the top. Lovely homey cooking, ingredients: [4 ounces pearl barley, Olive oil, 1 red onion, peeled and finely chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces frozen peas, 2 cups good chicken or vegetable stock, 1 heaping tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 partridges, washed and patted dry, broken into legs and breasts, 4 ounces thick bacon or pancetta, rind removed, cut into pieces, A few sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked and chopped, A handful romaine lettuce leaves, washed and spun dry, A handful arugula, washed and spun dry], title: PanFried Partridge with a Delicate Pearl Barley, Pea and Lettuce Stew, picturelink: xxc6h5Fs2r.EOEdR.ZrjFidBhPuQ9G}, 8965: {instructions: Slice meat into 12thick by 2 nch long very thin strips and season with salt and pepper. Set in freezer.nHeat a skillet over medium heat. Melt 2 tablespoons butter and cook with flour 1 minute. Whisk in consomme. Thicken 1 minute. Stir in mustard and sour cream, thicken 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and season sauce with salt and pepper.nHeat a second skillet over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon oil and 1 tablespoon butter, then add the meat and onion and cook over high heat until brown on both sides, 3 to 4 minutes total. Then add the chopped cornichons and stir to combine.nArrange meat on a bed of egg noodles and top with Stroganoff sauce and parsley. Serve with thickly sliced pumpernickel bread., ingredients: [1 12 pounds beef tenderloin fillet, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, divided, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups beef consomme, available on soup aisle, 2 teaspoons prepared Dijon style mustard, 14 cup sour cream, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil or vegetable oil, 1 turn of the pan in a slow stream, 12 small onion, sliced, 13 cup coarsely chopped cornichons, 1 pound extra wide egg noodles, cooked to package directions, Chopped parsley leaves, garnish, Thickly sliced pumpernickel bread, optional], title: Beef Stroganoff, picturelink: R0p9Oyj1pnNcLVwM.ucssBBnai8DUei}, 8966: {instructions: Puree the bananas, sugar, milk, and extract together in a blender until smooth. Pour the mixture evenly among 4 to 6 molds and freeze until solid.nUnmold by first running a little cold water over outside of molds, then gently pulling the sticks., ingredients: [2 medium bananas, about 34 cup, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Special equipment: Plastic ice pop mold or use paper cups with wooden sticks inserted.], title: Bananas Paletas, picturelink: null}, 8967: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Place the shad, skin side down on a rack in a baking pan and season with salt and pepper. Broil the shad, about 6 inches away from the heat source until the top is lightly browned and fish is cooked through, about 8 to 10 minutes, depending upon how thick it is. You do not turn it When done, set on a bed of tomato garnish and serve with buttered spinach or other greens., ingredients: [34 to 1 pound shad fillet, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Broiled Filet of Shad, picturelink: null}, 8968: {instructions: Mix the flour and some salt and pepper together on a large plate. Dredge the flattened chicken breasts in the flour mixture. Set aside.nCook the linguine until al dente.nHeat the olive oil and butter together in a large skillet over medium heat. When the butter is melted and the oilbutter mixture is hot, fry the chicken breasts until nice and golden brown on each side, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove the chicken breasts from the skillet and set aside.nWithout cleaning the skillet, add the garlic and onions and gently stir for 2 minutes. Pour in the stock and scrape the bottom of the pan, getting all the flavorful bits off the bottom. Allow the stock to cook down until reduced by half, about 2 minutes.nPour in the crushed tomatoes and stir to combine. Add the sugar and more salt and pepper to taste. Allow to cook for 30 minutes.nToward the end of the cooking time, add the chopped parsley and give the sauce a final stir.nCarefully lay the chicken breasts on top of the sauce and completely cover them in the grated Parmesan. Place the lid on the skillet and reduce the heat to low. Allow to simmer until the cheese is melted and the chicken is thoroughly heated. Add more cheese to taste.nPlace the cooked noodles on a plate and cover with the sauce. Place the chicken breasts on top and sprinkle with more parsley and the basil chiffonade. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 whole medium onion, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, trimmed and pounded flat, 1 pound thin linguine, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 34 cups chicken stock, Three 14.5ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, plus more for serving, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus more if needed, Basil chiffonade, for serving, 12 cup allpurpose flour], title: Chicken Parmigiana, picturelink: null}, 8969: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C. Dust a large baking sheet with flour.nPut the flour, salt, and yeast in a large bowl and mix together to combine. Make a large hole in the center of the flour mix, then pour in the water, just enough to make a dough that is loose and easy to knead, but not too sticky. If it feels tight like Blutack postertack then add more water. As you knead it, the dough will become less sticky, so if you can add all the1 14 cups11fl oz300ml your loaf will be much lighter with a lovely open texture.nKnead the dough for 10 minutes by hand on a lightly floured counter or for 5 minutes in an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook. Add the thyme and knead for an additional 30 seconds, or until it is well combined. Put half the chorizo in the middle of the dough and then fold the edge around it to cover and knead it for an extra minute.nOn a floured surface, shape the fougasse into a ball, making sure the top of the ball is taught and smooth. Using a rolling pin, roll it out into a rough oval shape and transfer to the flourdusted baking sheet. Using a very sharp knife, or razor blade, carefully cut slashes in the loaf to look like a fern leaf, then with floured hands open up the slashes wide, as they will close up a lot when the bread is left to double in size.nPush the remaining chorizo into the top of the dough, then cover the dough loosely with oiled plastic wrap you may need several pieces. Let rise in a warm place until the dough has doubled in size.nRemove the plastic wrap, then brush the dough with milk and place in the oven.nThrow a couple of handfuls of ice cubes in the bottom of the oven or spray the oven with water before closing. This will keep a crust from forming too quickly on the bread, which would prevent the bread from rising nicely. Alternatively, put a roasting pan with water in the bottom of the oven instead.nBake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the bread is well risen, a beautiful golden brown and smells wonderfully cooked. It will come off the sheet once fully cooked too.nIt is tough to top the taste of warm bread straight from the oven, slathered in oodles of good butter., ingredients: [3 12 cups1 lb 2oz500g white bread flour, plus extra for dusting, 2 tsp salt, 2 tsp active dry yeast, 1 to 1 14 cups9 to 11fl oz250 to 300ml water, Leaves of 4 sprigs of fresh thyme, 12 cup2oz50g readytoeat chorizo sausage, very finely chopped, Vegetable oil, for oiling, 3 tbsp milk, for brushing], title: Chorizo and Thyme Fougasse, picturelink: null}, 8970: {instructions: Combine the Campari, lemon juice, orange liqueur and prosecco in a champagne flute. Garnish with a flamed orange twist.nTo make a flamed orange twist, light a match over the cocktailand squeeze a strip of peel over the match to release the oils. Drop the peel into the drink.nPhotograph by Jim Franco, ingredients: [12 ounce Campari, 12 ounce fresh lemon juice, 12 ounce orange liqueur, 4 ounces prosecco, Flamed orange twist, for garnish], title: Due Campari Nuovo, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 8971: {instructions: Peel and devein shrimp, if needed rinse, and pat dry with paper towels.nIn a large pot bring 4 to 6 quarts of water to a rolling boil add salt to taste and the Linguine stir gently.nCook pasta according to package directions, adding asparagus the last 4 minutes of cooking time remove from heat and drain well, reserving 23 cup pasta water.nMeanwhile, in a very large skillet heat oil over mediumhigh heat add shrimp cook and stir about 3 minutes or until shrimp are opaque.nStir in the Garlic Alfredo sauce and crushed red pepper warm through.nAdd pasta mixture to shrimp mixture and toss to combine, adding enough pasta water to reach desired consistency.nServe topped with additional crushed red pepper and Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [1 12 pound medium shrimp, 1 box Barillau00ae Linguine, 4 cups asparagus, cut into 2inch pieces, or 4 cups small broccoli florets, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 jar Barillau00ae Garlic Alfredo sauce, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 14 cup finely shredded Parmesan cheese], title: Spicy Shrimp Pasta in Garlic Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 8972: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the nuts on a baking tray and toast for 8 to 10 minutes, turning the nuts after 5 minutes. Cool and then coarsely chop. Set aside.nPlace the sugar in a medium deep saucepan. Add the corn syrup and water, and over medium heat, bring to a boil. Boil until a layer of bubbles forms on top, 3 to 4 minutes. Cover the pan with aluminum foil and continue to boil 5 minutes longer.nRemove the foil, add the butter, and stir with a wooden spoon until the butter is melted. Cook over medium heat until a candy thermometer registers 300 degrees F, about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Immediately stir in the salt, baking soda, and reserved nuts.nMeanwhile, coat with vegetable oil or spray a 12 by 17inch half sheet pan. Spread the nut mixture over the prepared pan, spreading it as thin as possible with a long, metal spatula. When cool, run a clean, dry towel over the top to absorb some of the oil.nCut or break the brittle into desired pieces., ingredients: [2 cups unsalted macadamia nuts, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 13 cup light corn syrup, 13 cup water, 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda], title: Macadamia Nut Brittle, picturelink: null}, 8973: {instructions: For the seasoning: Combine the cayenne, paprika, salt and pepper in a bowl, mixing well.nFor the chicken: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. In a bowl, mix the greens, onions, peaches, 14 cup butter and 1 tablespoon of the prepared seasoning, mixing well. Next, open the center cavity of the chicken and stuff it with seasoned greensfruit mixture. Then drizzle the remaining 14 cup butter over the skin of the chicken. Dust with the remaining seasoning.nRoast the chicken for 50 minutes, and then remove from the oven. Raise the oven temperature to 450 degrees F, allow to heat for 10 minutes, and then place the bird back in the oven and finish until skin is crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the chicken from the oven and allow to rest for 5 minutes before cutting or carving., ingredients: [2 teaspoons cayenne, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 2 cups raw mustard greens, shredded, 12 cup thin sliced red onion, 12 cup diced fresh peaches, 1 whole fresh chicken 3 pounds average, 12 cup clarified butter], title: Greens Stuffed Roasted Chicken, picturelink: null}, 8974: {instructions: Preheat a stovetop grill pan over mediumhigh heat for at least 5 minutes until very hot. In a small bowl combine butter, garlic, parsley, lemon juice, salt and pepper and beat until well mixed. Brush langoustines with garlic butter and grill, basting several times and turning once, until cooked through., ingredients: [12 cup softened butter, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons minced parsley, Juice of 12 lemon, Salt and pepper, 8 langoustines, split, deveined], title: Grilled Langoustines with Garlic Butter, picturelink: null}, 8975: {instructions: In a bowl, start the marinade for the hangar steak by blending the oil, vinegar, garlic, rosemary, salt and pepper blend and lemon juice and whisk together well. Place the steak in an 8 by 12inch casserole pan and generously coat with the marinade. Allow to marinate for 30 minutes to 1 hour under refrigeration.nFor cooking, preheat a grill or chargrill over high heat. Remove the steak from the marinade, straining any excess marinade. Removal of the excess marinade will prevent flaming or charring of the steak during cooking. Place the steak on the grill and cook over high heat, 8 to 9 minutes per side, or to desired doneness.nRemove from the grill and allow the steak to rest before slicing. Slice the steak on the bias, top to bottom, against the grain, 14 inches thick. Place the sliced steak over potatoes and serve., ingredients: [14 cup grapeseed oil, 14 cup dark balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon garlic puree, 1 teaspoon minced rosemary, 1 teaspoon salt and pepper blend 60 percent to 40 percent mixture, Juice of 1 lemon, 1, 2 or 3 pounds hanger steak, Potatoes, for serving], title: Hanger Steak, picturelink: null}, 8976: {instructions: In a large heatproof pourable container, dissolve gelatin in boiling water. Add juices and vodka, if using, and stir to combine. Pour over ice cubes into tall glasses and garnish with peach or pear slices., ingredients: [1 4serving size package strawberry gelatin recommended: Jello, 1 cup boiling water, 1 cup strawberry juice recommended: Kearns, 1 cup peach juice recommended: Kearns, 12 cup pear juice recommended: Kearns, Ice cubes, optional, 1 12 cups vodka, optional, Peach and pear slices, for garnishing], title: Berry Amazing Cooler, picturelink: j5dIHTCsjZIJB91dKhmp0HKvQ9ewu}, 8977: {instructions: Saute the diced garlic in a pan with olive oil. When slightly brown add the mushrooms and continue to saute. Cook the pasta and drain well. Add the mushroom saute and top with chopped parsley. Serve., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, diced, Olive oil, 8 mushrooms, diced, 1 pound penne pasta, Sprig parsley, chopped], title: Penne with Mushrooms and Caramelized Garlic Topped with Parsley, picturelink: null}, 8978: {instructions: Heat oil in a large hot saucepan and brown sausages. Add onions and garlic and saute until fragrant. Add remaining ingredients and simmer 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve over bucatoni., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound Italian sweet sausages, sliced, 14 onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 28ounce can pureed tomatoes, Bunch parsley, chopped, 12 cup fresh basil, leaves torn by hand, Salt and pepper, 1 pound bucatoni, cooked al dente], title: Marinara Basil with Sweet Sausages, picturelink: null}, 8979: {instructions: Put potatoes in a large pot and cover with water by at least 3 inches. Add salt and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat and simmer potatoes until fork tender, about 25 minutes.nDrain potatoes and return to pot to cool slightly. Roughly smash potatoes in pot with a masher or a large fork.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the bacon and cook until bacon is crispy and has given up most of its fat. Lower the heat to mediumhigh, add the rosemary and season with salt and pepper. Make sure bacon and rosemary are evenly distributed in the pan then add the potatoes.nPat down with a spatula so the potatoes are in an even layer. Season the top of the potatoes with salt and pepper.nCook until a nice brown crust has formed on the bottom, about 5 to 7 minutes. Use the spatula to flip the potatoes, cook until brown on the other side, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [2 12 pounds red bliss potatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 8ounce package bacon, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves], title: BaconRosemaryRed Bliss Hash, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 8980: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pork: Season the pork generously on both sides with salt and sugar. Allow to dry brine for about an hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the pork in a casserole dish. Add the garlic, ginger and enough beer to reach halfway up the belly. Cover in plastic wrap, then foil and roast until tender, about 3 hours. Remove the pork from the pan and press between 2 cookie sheets, weighing down the top with a couple of cans. Refrigerate overnight.nFor the octopus: Place the octopus in large pot with the red onion, garlic and bay leaves. Season with salt and cover with water. Bring to a low simmer and cook until a paring knife goes in easily in the thickest part of the tentacle, about 3 hours. Let cool, then refrigerate in the cooking liquid overnight.nFor the carrot caramel: Place the carrot juice in a small sauce pot. Simmer until reduced to 1 cup, 20 to 30 minutes. Whisk in the butter and season with salt.nFor the black currant vinaigrette: Combine the wine, vinegar, currants, salt and pepper in a sauce pot and simmer until the currants are plump, 5 to 10 minutes. Check the seasoning. The vinaigrette should be tart and sweet.nTo assemble: Slice the pork belly into 34inchthick slices. Remove the tentacles from the octopus and discard the body. Season the pork and octopus with salt. Heat a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat and sear the pork until GBD golden brown and delicious. Heat a second castiron pan over high heat and sear the octopus until GBD. Remove to a paper towellined plate to dry.nTo plate: Place about 1 tablespoon of the carrot caramel on each plate, arrange the pork and octopus on it, dress with the black currant vinaigrette and garnish with the radish, cilantro, parsley and watercress., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh pork belly, Kosher salt, for seasoning, Sugar, for seasoning, 5 cloves garlic, 1inch piece fresh ginger, sliced, 12 ounces light beer, One 6 to 8pound octopus, 1 red onion, halved, 5 cloves garlic, 4 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 cups carrot juice, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup red wine, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup dried black currants or raisins, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, Grated red radish, for serving, Cilantro leaves, for serving, Italian parsley leaves, for serving, Watercress, for serving], title: Belly and Sucker, picturelink: TbdAyZ1NU1wjPeygFcG8U3tqZTlnH6}, 8981: {instructions: 1. Cut potatoes lengthwise in 14inch squares. Soak cut potatoes in water for 1 hour to remove starch. Heat oil to 325 degrees F and blanch potatoes for 5 minutes until very soft but not brown. Remove from oil. Drain on paper towels.n2. In a medium saute pan over medium heat, cook bacon until just crisp, taking care not to overcook. Drain on paper towels.n3. In a 2 quart saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Add onion and cook about 2 minutes. Add garlic and flour, whisk until smooth. Cook 2 minutes more. Add chili sauce and mustard, and slowly whisk in heavy cream. When mixture begins to simmer, add cheeses and remove from heat. Taste sauce for seasoning. If sauce is too thick, thin with more cream. If too thin, thicken with a little more cheese.n4. Increase oil temperature to 375 degrees F. Fry potatoes a second time until crisp and golden brown. Remove from oil and drain again, season with salt immediately. On a large plate, arrange fries in the center, drizzle with sauce, top with crumbled bacon and chives. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 russet potatoes, 5 cups vegetable oil, for frying, 6 ounces thick cut applewood smoked bacon, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons minced onion, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon garlic chili sauce recommended: Sriracha, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 cups heavy cream, 1 cup ParmigianoReggiano, 2 cups sharp white Cheddar, 14 cup chopped chives, for garnish], title: Bacon Cheese Fries, picturelink: feGu.XUnqoafo7R7Guqc0PxxUoB95FW}, 8982: {instructions: Set peeled tomatoes in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook until mixture has broken down and has reduced to a 1 cup of puree. Pat chicken dry salt each piece lightly. Heat oil over medium heat. When hot, add thigh and drumstick pieces and unpeeled garlic and sear in hot fat for 3 minutes a side. Add breast and wing pieces and sear those as well until golden brown, about 3 minutes a side.nRemove breast and wing pieces and continue to saute leg and thigh pieces so flesh continues to brown as it cooks, about 10 minutes, add reserved breast and wing pieces and cover. Continue to cook, over gentle heat for another 15 minutes or until juices of the chicken run clear when the thigh piece is pricked.nRemove chicken to a platter and keep it warm, loosely covered with foil. Discard all but 1 tablespoon of fat and add 1 tablespoon of butter if all the fat is too dark, replace it with fresh butter. Mash garlic against the sides of the pan and skins should slide off easily discard skins. Add vinegar, fresh cup of reduced tomato puree and red wine.nBring liquid to a boil. Reduce it over high eat until only 1 cup remains, mashing garlic into sauce season with 1 teaspoon of salt and freshly ground black pepper. Remove skin and fat from chicken pieces and return them to sauce and turn chicken in sauce recipe can be made ahead of time up until this point. Reheat chicken, over gentle heat for 4 minutes. Stir in parsley and turn the chicken over in the sauce to ensure pieces are well coated. Garnish with watercress, ingredients: [3 pounds fresh ripe tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, 3 12 pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 unpeeled cloves garlic, 12 cup good red wine or sherry vinegar, 12 cup good Rioja or French red wine, 1 cup packed Italian parsley leaves, roughly chopped, Watercress for garnish, Polenta as side dish], title: Sunday Chicken in Fresh Tomato and Vinegar Sauce, picturelink: null}, 8983: {instructions: For the nut crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the nuts on separate baking sheets and toast until browned and fragrant, about 10 minutes.nRub the hazelnuts in a clean dishtowel to remove the skins. Allow the nuts to cool completely.nAdd the hazelnuts to a food processor and pulse a few times to chop. Add the pecans to the hazelnuts and pulse until finely chopped. Transfer to a plate.nFor the caramel sauce: Combine the brown sugar, corn syrup, granulated sugar and evaporated milk in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil while whisking frequently, especially as it gets close to boiling. Boil, whisking frequently, for 2 minutes. Let cool.nFor the sauteed pears: Melt the butter in a saute pan over medium heat. Add the pear and cook gently until lightly browned.nAdd the creme de cocoa, using caution as the liqueur may flame briefly and then go out as the alcohol burns off. Cook down until the sauce becomes thick, about 5 minutes.nFor the fresh whipped cream: Combine the cream, sugar and vanilla in a large bowl and beat with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form.nFor the batter: Whisk together the eggs, creamer, hazelnut liqueur, vanilla and cinnamon in a bowl.nDip 2 slices of the bread in the batter, turning to coat. Lay the battered bread on the nuts and coat both sides of each slice, pressing down firmly so they adhere. Repeat with the remaining bread.nHeat the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, add the coated bread and cook until crisp and golden, 4 to 5 minutes per side.nTo plate: Place 2 pieces of French toast on each plate and top with some sauteed pears, a generous drizzle of caramel sauce, whipped cream and more caramel sauce., ingredients: [2 12 cups pecans, 1 cup hazelnuts, 1 cup brown sugar, 12 cup dark corn syrup, 12 cup granulated sugar, One 5ounce can evaporated milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pear, cored and sliced into thin wedges, 12 cup creme de cocoa liqueur, 3 cups heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 6 large eggs, 12 cup French vanilla creamer, 12 cup hazelnut liqueur, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Eight 1inchthick slices rustic country white or Italian bread, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Creme Brulee French Toast, picturelink: null}, 8984: {instructions: Wash the yellow split peas carefully. Cover them with chicken broth, add the chopped onions, salt pork, bay leaf and herbs and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer, partially covered, for 1 to1 14 hours or until the peas are tender but have not fallen apart.nRemove salt pork from the soup discard the bay leaf and season soup to taste with salt and pepper. Cut the salt pork into 14 inch slices. Place a few slices of pork in individual serving bowls, ladle soup over the pork and serve with good rye bread.nVARIATIONS Add a chopped carrot and stalk of celery to the mixture after you remove the salt pork, puree the soup and thin with more stock if too thick.nOr simmer soup without salt pork saute kielbasa until crisp, slice thinly and serve in soup., ingredients: [1 pound dried yellow split peas, 4 cups chicken broth, 2 small onions, finley chopped, 1 pound salt pork in a piece, 1 bay leaf, 12 to 1 teaspoon dried marjoram or thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Yellow Split Pea Soup with Salt Pork, picturelink: null}, 8985: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F for keeping the pancakes warm. Grate 34 teaspoon lemon zest and then squeeze 1 tablespoon of juice reserve separately. Put one bag of the blueberries, the maple syrup, lemon juice and 14 teaspoon of the lemon zest into a small 8inch skillet with 13 cup water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally, and continue to simmer until the mixture is syrupy and thickened, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove the blueberry sauce from the heat and set aside. You should have about 34 cup.nMeanwhile, whisk the cake mix, sour cream, eggs, the remaining 12 teaspoon lemon zest and 1 cup water in a large bowl until smooth and thick.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat lightly coat with cooking spray. Drop the batter by 14cupfuls into the skillet, leaving 1 inch between each. Cook until bubbles rise to the top of the pancakes and they are set around the edges and lightly browned on the bottom, 5 to 7 minutes. Add about 5 blueberries to the top of each pancake and then carefully flip the tops of the pancakes will still be a little soft. Continue to cook until lightly browned and cooked through, 5 minutes more. Transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven. Repeat with the remaining batter.nTop the pancakes with the blueberry sauce and a dusting of confectioners sugar. Serve with butter and maple syrup on the side., ingredients: [1 lemon, Two 8ounce bags frozen blueberries about 4 cups, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, plus more for serving, 1 box yellow cake mix for two 9inch rounds, 1 cup sour cream, 2 large eggs, Cooking spray, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Butter, softened, for serving], title: CakeMix Blueberry Pancakes, picturelink: jdtH8x61M36Z9DYkPHamC1IQVP921S}, 8986: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPut the almonds, butter, garlic, chipotle, zest, and juice in a mini chopper and pulse to combine. Transfer to a large bowl and set aside.nScatter the broccoli in a single layer on a sheet pan, toss in the oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast until florets begin to brown but are still crisp, about 15 minutes. Stir into the bowl with the butter mixture until butter melts to completely coat the broccoli. Place back on the sheet pan and bake until tender and beginning to brown on top, about 10 minutes more. Serve., ingredients: [14 cup sliced almonds, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 1 chipotle en adobo, chopped with or without seeds, 1 lime zested and juiced 1 tablespoon, 1 bunch broccoli, stems peeled and quartered from top of florets through to bottom of stem about 1 12 pounds, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smokey Chili Roasted Broccoli, picturelink: null}, 8987: {instructions: Special equipment: An 8inchsquare baking dishnFor the dough: Combine the flour, Parmesan, sugar and salt in a food processor and pulse until mixed. Add about one third of the chilled butter and process until thoroughly combined the mixture will be slightly yellow. Add the remaining chilled butter and pulse until the mixture resembles very coarse meal with peasize bits of butter. Add the vinegar in a single pulse. Gradually add the ice water through the feed tube pulsing just until evenly combined. Squeeze a handful of the dough together, it should just hold its shape and be a little crumbly. If still very powdery, pulse again, adding up to 2 tablespoons ice water.nTurn the dough out on a work surface. Pat about two thirds of the dough into a square about 12inch thick. Repeat with the remaining dough. Wrap each piece tightly in plastic wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or up to 2 days.nAdjust an oven rack to the bottom position and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter an 8inchsquare baking dish.nFor the filling: Toss the tomatoes with 2 teaspoons salt in a large colander set over a large bowl. Let stand, gently tossing about every 10 minutes, until the tomatoes release some of their juices, about 30 minutes. Drain the juices from the bowl, add the drained tomatoes and toss with the brown sugar and the remaining 1 teaspoon salt.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and golden brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer the onion to a medium bowl, stir in the thyme and let cool. Add the pepper Jack, mozzarella, parsley, scallions, mayonnaise, 14 cup of the breadcrumbs and the garlic to the onions and stir to combine.nTo assemble the pie: Let the dough stand at room temperature for a few minutes until slightly softened to make rolling easier. Place the larger piece of dough between two large pieces of floured parchment roll into a rough 14inch square if the dough gets too soft, pop it in the fridge to firm up and then continue rolling. Roll the remaining dough into a rough 12inch square.nTransfer the larger piece of dough to the prepared baking dish. Gently press the dough along the bottom and up the sides of the dish. There will be overhang on all sides. Sprinkle the bottom with the remaining 1 tablespoon breadcrumbs top with the cheese mixture spreading it in an even layer. Then add the tomatoes. Dot with the butter. Put the remaining dough over the filling, lining up the edges with the bottom piece of dough as best you can. Pinch the edges together, trim any excess, then fold and crimp to create a tight seal. Brush the top and edges of the crust with the egg and cut decorative slits in the top of the pie.nBake until the crust is dark golden brown and the filling bubbles out a little through the slits, 1 hour to 1 hour and 10 minutes. If the crust browns too quickly, cover the pie loosely with foil. Let cool at least 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 sticks 1 12 cups cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch dice and kept very cold, plus more for greasing the baking dish, 1 tablespoon white or cider vinegar, 13 cup ice water, plus more if needed, Filling:, 3 12 pounds tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 cup shredded pepper Jack, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 3 scallions, sliced, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon breadcrumbs, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 large egg, beaten], title: Tomato Slab Pie, picturelink: kWQKPqhJzJB6Gy9pPUX23wTT17RPyjW}, 8988: {instructions: In a saucepan, bring the chicken stock to a boil.nPlace the couscous in a large, heatproof bowl. Stir in the salt and the cinnamon. Pour the boiling stock over the couscous mixture, cover and let stand for 5 minutes. Remove cover, fluff couscous and allow to cool completely.nIn a large bowl, combine olive oil, lemon juice and zest, red onion, cucumber, bell pepper, and green onions. Add the cooled couscous and toss until well blended. Stir in the cilantro leaves. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 cups chicken stock, 10 ounces instant couscous, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground cinnamon, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 small red onion, peeled, diced, 1 large cucumber, peeled, seeded, diced, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, diced, 1 bunch green onions, minced, 14 cup cilantro leaves, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Couscous Salad, picturelink: 9QBg.dGLQ9YWqIIChrRFwehONIGnfSy}, 8989: {instructions: Fill a stockpot with water, and bring to a boil. Cook artichokes until tender, about 4 minutes. Drain in a colander, let cool, and cut in half.nHeat a grill to medium hot. Brush vegetables with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Grill all vegetables except radicchio for 10 or 15 minutes, or until tender. Grill radicchio for 2 to 3 minutes. Serve vegetables warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [10 baby artichokes, 10 bulbs baby fennel, cut lengthwise into quarters and skewered, 2 bunches thin carrots, scrubbed, 2 bunches beets, peeled and sliced, 2 heads radicchio, quartered and skewered, Olive oil, for brushing, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 8990: {instructions: Season steaks with salt and pepper. Reserve 14 cup of flour. Dredge each steak in flour, egg and cracker crumbs. In a large cast iron skillet over medium high heat corn oil. Add steaks and cook until golden brown and crisp. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Pour off all but 4 tablespoon remaining oil and set over low heat. Whisk 14 flour into hot oil and bring to simmer. Gradually whisk in milk and bring to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds round steak, cut 12inch thick and pounded with mallet, Salt and pepper, 1 cup flour, 2 eggs, beaten, Hot pepper sauce, 4 cups crushed saltine crackers, 14 cup corn oil, 4 cups of milk], title: Chicken Fried Steak and Creamy Gravy, picturelink: null}, 8991: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease or spray each of 12 regularsize muffin cups. Remove cookie dough from pouch cut dough into 12 slices. Firmly press 1 slice in bottom and up side of each muffin cup. Bake 9 to 11 minutes or until golden brown. Cool completely, about 1 hour.nSpoon 1 teaspoon hot fudge into each cup top with 1 teaspoon chopped almonds. Divide ice cream evenly among cups. Freeze uncovered until firm, about 3 hours.nLet stand at room temperature 5 minutes before serving. Garnish with remaining hot fudge and almonds., ingredients: [1 roll 16.5 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated chocolate chip cookies, 13 cup hot fudge topping, 13 cup roasted chopped almonds, 1 cup coconut ice cream], title: ChocoCocoNut Mini Ice Cream Pies, picturelink: null}, 8992: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a large skillet over a mediumhigh heat, add the oil until smoking hot. Season the pork loin with paprika and salt and pepper, to taste. Add to the hot skillet, turning on all sides until golden brown. Remove from the skillet to a plate and allow to cool for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile in a kitchen blender add all of the chopped fresh herbs, the bread crumbs and the oatmeal and pulse until looks a little like course powder. Add the melted butter and combine until slightly wet.nWarm the apricot preserves and water in a small saucepan over low heat until melted together. Spread sparingly over the rested pork loin and then top with the oatmeal and bread crumb mixture. Press it down firmly so it adheres to the pork.nTransfer the pork to a small roasting pan and put in the preheated oven to roast for 20 minutes. Reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and continue to cook until the pork reaches the correct doneness, about 15 minutes. The internal temperature should register 155 degrees F on an instantread thermometer.nRemove from the oven to a cutting board and let rest for at least 10 minutes. Slice and arrange on a serving platter to serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons canola oil, 1 3 to 4pound pork loin, boned and trimmed, 4 tablespoons paprika, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cloves minced garlic, 2 teaspoons chopped thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped tarragon leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped sage leaves, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 1 cup oatmeal, 14 cup melted butter, 12 cup apricot preserves, 2 tablespoons water], title: Oatmeal Crusted Pork Loin, picturelink: null}, 8993: {instructions: Put a large pot or kettle over a medium heat. Add sugar, water, and corn syrup and bring to a boil. When mixture comes to a boil, add butter. Cook to 260 degrees F on a candy thermometer without stirring and add the sliced hazelnuts. Bring mixture to 300 degrees F and stir in salt, baking soda and vanilla. Pour mixture onto a greased baking sheet and spread out and allow to cool. Break up into pieces and decorate with melted chocolate., ingredients: [1 cup white sugar, 14 cup water, 14 cup light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons butter, 212 cups roasted unsalted hazelnuts, sliced, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, Few drops vanilla, Melted chocolate], title: Hazelnut Brittle, picturelink: null}, 8994: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except for the rind in a small saucepot, simmer for 5 minutes. Add rind, let steep for 5 minutes. Pour into a bowl and cool over an ice bath.nMint Vinaigrette: In a small sauce pan heat the vinegar and add the mint sprigs. Reduce by half. Add the remaining ingredients, except the oil and cool. Remove the mint sprigs.When cool whisk in the oil.nTo Assemble: Toss the watermelon and rum together, set aside. Toss the crab in half of the vinaigrette. Toss the greens and radishes in 13 to 12 of the vinaigrette. Place the greens and watermelon on the plate, sprinkle with pickled watermelon rind, and top with the crabmeat., ingredients: [1 12 cups apple cider vinegar, 12 cup sugar, 1 star anise, 1 teaspoon coriander leaves, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon cloves, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon pink peppercorns, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 stick cinnamon, Pinch red pepper flakes, 12 cup small diced watermelon rind, 12 cup white balsamic vinegar, 3 sprigs mint, 2 tablespoons shallot, minced, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped mint leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 1 small watermelon rind peeled, flesh cut into medium dice, 14 cup rum recommended: Sailor Jerry, 6 ounces jumbo lump blue crabmeat, 34 pounds mizuna, 3 radishes, shaved], title: Watermelon and Crab Salad, picturelink: null}, 8995: {instructions: In a large bowl toss together the cabbage and carrots. In a small bowl whisk together the sour cream, mayonnaise, mustard, lemon juice and parsley. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Pour the dressing over the mixed vegetables and toss to coat. Chill, covered, for 1 hour. Coleslaw may be made 1 day ahead. Serve chilled or at room temperature., ingredients: [6 cups very thinly sliced red cabbage, 1 pound coarsely grated or julienned carrots, 13 cup lowfat sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon prepared mustard, 1 to 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Purple and Orange Critter Slaw, picturelink: null}, 8996: {instructions: Mix together cocoa and sugar in a bowl. Fold in vanilla yogurt and then repeat with graham crackers. Add marshmallows and chocolate chips and combine. Pour into a mold and add popsicle sticks as needed., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cocoa, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup vanilla yogurt, 6 graham crackers broken into dime size pieces, 14 cup mini marshmallows, 14 cup chocolate chips], title: Frozen Smores on a Stick, picturelink: null}, 8997: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the sugar with 3 cups of water in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Remove from the heat and add the lemon juice. Pour the mixture into 3 ice cube trays and set aside to cool to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Place the trays in the freezer to harden, 4 to 8 hours depending on your freezer.nWhen ready to serve, add the ice cubes and the lemon peel to a food processor and pulse until the ice is fluffy and broken down. Serve with a straw and a spoon, and be prepared to be whisked away to the summer streets of Chicago., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, Peel of 1 whole lemon, pith removed], title: Italian Lemonade, picturelink: vO7kalTndrW9W2pCpue8rvZm57mpdOK}, 8998: {instructions: Combine lemon zest, rosemary, and olive oil.nPlace goat cheese in a baking dish or on a large plate and spoon marinade over the top. Season with gray salt and pepper. Refrigerate and let marinate., ingredients: [5 lemons, zested, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped rosemary leaves, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 8 2ounce rounds goat cheese, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Lemon Rosemary Marinated Goat Cheese, picturelink: K3Wzfhb6NerNrDW0f6cch73eUTyovBm}, 8999: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together eggs and sugar thoroughly combined and pale yellow. Whisk in melted butter, cocoa powder, evaporated milk, and coffee liqueur. Set aside.nPlace pie shell on baking sheet and place on an oven rack. Carefully pour in filling. Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes. About 5 minutes before pie is finished, mound marshmallows in the center of the pie they will spread as they melt. Continue baking until marshmallows are golden brown.nLet cool slightly. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 eggs, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 stick butter, melted, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 5ounce can evaporated milk, 14 cup coffee liqueur, 1 9inch graham cracker pie crust, 2 cups miniature marshmallows], title: Coffee SMore Pie, picturelink: mMw2pKBf1gZwVPewQ8im4iTXNqZlW}}