{9000: {instructions: In a paper bag or resealable plastic bag combine 23 cup of the cornstarch and the flour and shake the mixture well. In a colander rinse the eggplant, drain it, and in batches shake it in the cornstarch mixture, transferring each batch as it is coated to a large bowl.nIn a wok heat 1 cup of the vegetable oil over high heat until it is hot but not smoking, in it fry the pine nuts until they are golden, and transfer them with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. To the vegetable oil in the wok, add 4 cups of the remaining vegetable oil, heat the oil over high heat until it registers 375 degrees F on a deepfat thermometer, and in it fry the eggplant in 3 batches, stirring and turning the eggplant occasionally, for 6 minutes, or until it is golden brown. Transfer the eggplant as it is fried with a slotted spoon to a large sieve or colander set over a bowl, let it drain for 5 minutes, and transfer it to a serving bowl.nIn a small bowl stir together the soy sauces, sugar, remaining 2 teaspoons cornstarch, and broth, stirring until cornstarch is dissolved. Discard the oil in the wok and wipe the wok clean with paper towels. In the wok heat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil over high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it stirfry the gingerroot, scallion, garlic, and the chili sauce for 30 seconds, or until the mixture is fragrant. Stir the soy sauce mixture, add it to the scallion mixture, and bring the sauce to a boil, stirring. Stir in the sesame oil and the pine nuts and pour the sauce over the eggplant., ingredients: [23 cup plus 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 pound eggplant, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 5 cups plus 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup pine nuts, 1 teaspoon light soy sauce, 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce, 4 teaspoons sugar, 23 cup chicken broth, 1 12 tablespoons minced peeled fresh gingerroot, 1 12 tablespoons finely chopped scallion, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon Asian chili sauce, 2 teaspoons Asian toasted sesame oil], title: Eggplant with Pine Nuts Imperial Herbal Restaurant, picturelink: null}, 9001: {instructions: For the aspic: Put the chicken, celery, bay leaves, carrot and onion in a large stock pot. Cover with water, bring to a boil and then reduce the heat and simmer for 6 hours, skimming off scum. Strain and reserve the chicken and stock, discarding the veggies and aromatics. Using tongs, pick the meat from the chicken and reserve. An alternative to making the chicken stock from scratch is to use 1 quart prepared chicken stock and a rotisserie chicken.nMeasure out 1 cup of the stock and put it in an 8by8by2inch baking dish. Add the gelatin and allow it to bloom for 5 minutes.nMeasure out 3 more cups of stock and bring to a simmer in a saucepan. Add this to the baking dish and whisk gently to dissolve the gelatin.nAdd the pulled chicken meat, Parmesan, garlic, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, parsley, red pepper flakes and eggs to the broth and gelatin mixture. Arrange the eggs, parsley and pepper flakes in a pretty fashion.nChill at least 8 hours, or overnight. Also chill a rimmed baking sheet slightly larger than the baking dish.nTurn out the aspic by submerging the baking dish in warm water, placing the chilled baking sheet on top and inverting. Use a pizza cutter to cut the aspic into pretty 2by2inch cubes. Refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the grilled croutons and romaine: Preheat a grill or grill pan over high heat until very hot.nSlice the baguette thinly on the bias. You will need eight 18inchthick slices. Reserve the remaining baguette for another use.nPut the bread slices in a large bowl and toss with a few drizzles of olive oil, a few sprinkles of grated Parmesan and the minced garlic. Set aside.nRub the romaine pieces with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nGrill the romaine for about 4 minutes on each side the outside should be wilted and charred, the inside steamed but crisp. Grill the bread slices until toasted on each side.nTransfer the romaine and croutons to a large plate or cutting board and reseason with a little olive oil, a squeeze of lemon juice and salt and pepper.nUsing tongs and a knife, slice the romaine. Plate with 2 croutons and 2 cubes of aspic. The aspic will melt as you eat MMMMMMnThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, quartered, 3 celery ribs, roughly chopped, 2 dried bay leaves, 1 big carrot, peeled and halved, 1 onion, peeled and halved, 2 envelopes powdered gelatin, 14 cup coarsely grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, Few pinches crushed red pepper flakes, 3 hardboiled eggs, peeled and sliced, 1 baguette, Extravirgin olive oil, Grated Parmesan, a few heaping tablespoons, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 hearts of romaine, split lengthwise, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 lemon, halved], title: Grilled Chicken Caesar Salad, picturelink: jIgUMl0XTVKDBTqLYQfUSfJ9KPQ7WXe}, 9002: {instructions: In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, or using your fingers, combine the flour and salt in a large bowl. Add the butter and, using your fingertips, pinch the ingredients together into a sandy, crumbly mixture. In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, mix the sour cream and egg yolk until very smooth. Add the flour mixture and mix until the dough comes together. The dough may feel a little dry. Form into a disk, wrap it in plastic wrap and chill at least 4 hours or overnight. In a bowl, mix the cream cheese, egg, sugar, vanilla and lemon zest. On a work surface thickly dusted with confectioners sugar, roll out the pastry to a squarish or rectangular shape, 18inch thick. Using the tip of a sharp knife or a pizza cutter, cut into 3 by 3inch squares. Place a teaspoon of filling in the center of each square. Lift up one square, gathering the center of the square around the filling into a cup. Hold it in the fingers of one hand. Use the fingers of your other hand to gently push the midpoints of the sides inward, so that the 4 corners become the points of the petals. The cookie will look like a flower that is opening. Place the cookie in a mini muffin cup. Repeat with the remaining squares and refrigerate 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees. Bake until light golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool in the pan on a wire rack., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup sour cream, 1 egg yolk, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 egg, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, Confectioners sugar], title: Lemon Buttercups, picturelink: 5pL2Mb.smYhnwvddx8wfKnkJB8.BNum}, 9003: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, mix the garlic, cumin, ginger, paprika, salt and pepper, 12 cup grated onion, and the oil.nRinse the preserved lemons, and remove the pulp. RESERVE the lemon peel for later use.nAdd the lemon pulp to the mixing bowl. Add the chicken. Mix everything together and place in a large plastic bag to marinate overnight in the refrigerator. Twentyfour hours really gives the chicken the best flavor.nIn a large Dutch oven or casserole, place the chicken and marinade add the stems of the parsley and cilantro, the rest of the grated onion, the powdered saffron and 1 12 cups water. Bring to a boil over high heat, turn down to a simmer and cook, partially covered, for 30 minutes.nRemove the cover, stir the chicken and continue to simmer for another 15 minutes or until the chicken is tender.nRemove the chicken to a serving dish and cover with foil to keep warm. Keep sauce on stove and begin to reduce.nSlice the preserved lemon peel into thin slices and add to the sauce along with the olives, parsley and cilantro. Reduce until the sauce is just a little thick. This shouldnt take more than 5 minutes at most.nUncover the chicken and remove the skin from the chicken. It doesnt look pretty and who needs the extra fat. Pour sauce over chicken and serve., ingredients: [6 cloves garlic, peeled and finely chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 tablespoon kosher or sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 large Spanish onion, grated about 1 cup, 2 tablespoons canola, grapeseed or olive oil not a heavy olive oil, 1 to 2 preserved lemons, depending on size, 8 chicken thighs, with bone and skin, Stems from the parsley and cilantro, tied with twine, 14 teaspoon powdered saffron or 14 teaspoon powdered turmeric and 4 strands saffron, 1 cup pitted green Moroccan or Greek olives, 12 bunch Italian parsley, about 14 cup chopped, 12 bunch cilantro, about 14 cup chopped], title: Moroccan Chicken Tajine, picturelink: gXkL5Hp54dpI2sGLBmH6mJ5wosp06ma}, 9004: {instructions: Allow all the cooked vegetables to cool. Then peel the skin off the peppers and the onions. Remove the seeds from the peppers. Cut the peppers, onions, and potatoes into slices and place in a large salad bowl. Add the string beans to the bowl. Season the salad with olive oil, salt, and pepper. Toss well and serve anytime., ingredients: [2 yellow bell peppers, roasted, 2 onions, roasted, 2 large potatoes, peeled and boiled in salted water, 12 pound228 g string beans, ends trimmed, boiled, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Insalata del Mercato Ballaro: Ballaro Market Salad, picturelink: null}, 9005: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice the rolls into 14inch pieces on the diagonal. Put them onto a baking sheet and bake them, turning once, until they are golden brown on both sides, about 10 minutes.nIn a bowl combine the shrimp, tomatoes, basil pesto, and salt and pepper, to taste. Put a tablespoon of the mixture onto each piece of bread and serve., ingredients: [2 hoagies, 10 reserved shrimp from Shrimp Scampi with Pesto Couscous recipe, tail removed and chopped, 2 Roma tomatoes, chopped, Reserved basil pesto from Shrimp Scampi with Pesto Couscous recipe, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Round 2 Recipe  Shrimp Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 9006: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 9inch cake pan, then line the bottom with parchment paper and butter again. Dust the pan lightly with rice flour. Spread the cooked rice along the bottom of the pan.n2. Warm the milk in a small saucepan over low heat.n3. Beat the eggs, sugar, lemon zest, and salt in a bowl with an electric mixer on medium until pale yellow and the eggs start to thicken, about 1 12 minutes, being careful not to over whip which will cause the cake to rise and deflate when baked. Slowly stir in about half the warm milk into the eggs to temper, then add all the eggs to the saucepan and heat, stirring constantly, until it thickens slightly and almost coats the back of a spoon, 6 to 8 minutes.n4. Gently pour the custard over the rice and bake until the cake is just cooked through and wiggles only slightly in the very center, 40 to 50 minutes.n5. While the cake cooks, make the red wine cherry sauce. Combine the cherries, sugar, and wine in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring until the fruit softens and the liquid is reduced and syrupy, about 10 minutes. Cool and set aside.n6. Transfer the cake to a wire rack to cool for 30 minutes. Invert onto a platter and lift the pan. Remove the parchment paper. Cut into wedges and serve with the cherry sauce., ingredients: [Butter, for the pan, Rice flour, for dusting, 2 12 cups cooked medium or longgrain white rice, at room temperature, 2 12 cups milk, 7 large eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1 heaping teaspoon fresh lemon zest, Pinch fine sea salt, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup merlot, 1 pound dark sweet cherries, pitted, or 12 ounces pitted frozen cherries], title: Hungarian Rice Pudding Cake with Red Wine Cherry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9007: {instructions: In a Dutch oven or other large heavy pot, heat 4 inches oil to 375 degrees F over mediumhigh heat.nUsing kitchen shears or a knife, separate the wings at the joint. Reserve the drumette, saving the wing for homemade chicken stock, if desired. Stand a drumette on its wide end and, holding the narrow bone at the top, use a paring knife to push and scrape the skin and meat downward to expose the bone and make a plump lollipop of chicken at the bottom. Repeat with the remaining drumettes.nPlace the honey and chopped chipotles in a bowl and whisk together.nFry the lollipops in batches until crispy and golden brown, about 6 minutes, allowing the oil to come back up to temperature in between batches. Drain on a paper towel.nPlace the fried lollipops on a platter, bone up, and drizzle the honeychipotle sauce over the top. Sprinkle with sea salt and serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [Desired type of oil, for frying, 24 fresh whole chicken wings, 1 cup honey, 4 chipotle chilies in adobo sauce, finely chopped, Sea salt, 3 limes, quartered], title: Chicken Lollipops, picturelink: 4gTGZ4b67q7dYdf5qKcIzLlNGtZen3m}, 9008: {instructions: Heat oven to 250 degrees F.nSoak beans in a plastic container overnight in just enough cold water to submerge them completely.nPlace a cast iron Dutch oven over medium heat and stir in the bacon, onion, and jalapenos until enough fat has rendered from the bacon to soften the onions, about 5 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, dark brown sugar, and molasses.nDrain the beans and reserve the soaking liquid. Add the drained beans to the Dutch oven. Place the soaking liquid in a measuring cup and add enough vegetable broth to equal 4 cups of liquid. Add the liquid to the Dutch oven and bring to a boil over high heat. Add in cayenne, black pepper and salt. Give them a stir and cover with the lid. Place the Dutch oven in the oven for 6 to 8 hours, or until the beans are tender., ingredients: [1 pound dried Great Northern beans, 1 pound bacon, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 2 jalapenos, chopped, 14 cup tomato paste, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup molasses, Vegetable broth, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 2 teaspoons kosher salt], title: The Once and Future Beans, picturelink: es1osw8.XwTWqhZaaa5wUEjN1CiwE16}, 9009: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare a charcoal grill with hot coals. Brush the grilling rack with olive oil.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the garlic, mustard, vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Set aside.nPlace the cucumber, tomato, basil and capers in a large bowl, sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss together. Set aside.nWhen the grill is ready, brush 1 side of the onion slices and the peppers with olive oil. Place them, olive oil side down, on the grill and cook for 4 minutes. Brush the other side with olive oil, turn them over and continue cooking an additional 4 minutes. Remove the vegetables from the grill and place on a cutting board. Slice the peppers 12inch thick, separate the onion rings and add them both to the cucumber mixture.nBrush the bread slices on both sides with olive oil and toast them on the grill until golden. Add them to the cucumber mixture. Pour the reserved vinaigrette over the vegetables and toss together. Serve warm., ingredients: [Good olive oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 hothouse cucumber, unpeeled, seeded and sliced 12inch thick, 1 large ripe tomato, cut into 1inch cubes, 10 large basil leaves, 3 tablespoons capers, drained, 1 red onion, sliced into 14 inch rounds, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 3 large pieces, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and cut into 3 large pieces, 12 small ficelle, cut into 1inch thick slices], title: Grilled Panzanella, picturelink: iOZDfsVuJPN4eeRUs4QHboa.UbmSS}, 9010: {instructions: This recipe should take about 10 minutes to make. Put oil, garlic on medium heat and saute for a few seconds. Soak the meat for a few minutes in the white soy sauce, salt and pepper. Remove meat from vinegar and dredge in cornstarch. Then add meat and broccoli to the saute pan and saute for 2 minutes. Add noodles and keep on medium heat until they become soft, 2 minutes. Clear a spot in the middle of the pan about the size of a pancake, add 1 teaspoon oil and fry the egg for 15 seconds. Then mix well with the rest of the ingredients in the pan. Add dark soy, oyster sauce, sugar, fish sauce, and vinegar. Then sprinkle with black pepper and MSG, if desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cooking oil, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 4 ounces very thinly sliced meat beef, chicken, pork or shrimp, 2 tablespoons white soy sauce, Salt, Pepper, 14 cup cornstarch, 34 cup bite sized broccoli tips, 2 cups wide rice noodlesfresh noodles, soaked in hot water for 20 minutes, 1 teaspoon oil, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce, 2 teaspoon oyster sauce, 1 14 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon fish sauce, 34 teaspoon white vinegar, Sprinkle with Mono sodium glutamateMSG, if desired], title: PadSieu, picturelink: null}, 9011: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Combine wine, 14 cup chestnut honey, water, cinnamon, and lemon zest in a medium saucepan. Scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean and add the seeds and the scraped bean to the pot. Bring to a simmer, stirring. Pour the poaching liquid into a baking dish just large enough to hold the pears. Keeping stems intact, remove the core from the pear using a melon baller apple corer entering through the base and removing only the woody core and seeds. Trim the skin off the base only of the pear and place upright in baking dish. Bake the pears about 25 to 35 minutes or until tender. You must baste the pears with the liquid every 5 to 7 minutes. The skins should be crinkly. Remove from oven and let cool in the liquid.nCombine the mascarpone with the remaining 1 tablespoon chestnut honey. Using a pastry bag, fill each pear at its base with the mascarpone. Serve drizzled with poaching syrup., ingredients: [4 ripe but firm bosc pears, stem intact, 1 cup dry white wine, 14 cup, plus 1 tablespoon chestnut honey, 12 cup water, 1 cinnamon sticks, Zest of 1 lemon, 1 12 vanilla beans, split, 12 cup mascarpone cheese], title: Chestnut HoneyBaked Pears Stuffed with Mascarpone, picturelink: null}, 9012: {instructions: Put the Asian shallots, galangal, lemongrass, lemon leaves, sesame seeds, chile powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, fish sauce, and honey in a large mixing bowl and mix together well. Add the chicken, rubbing the marinade over and under its skin. Cover and place in the refrigerator to marinate for 2 hours, or overnight for a better result.nHeat a barbecue grill or char grill pan to mediumhigh heat.nAdd the chicken and cook for 15 minutes for each side. Once cooked, place the chicken on a cutting board, skinside up, and chop the leg and breast into a total of eight pieces with a heavy cleaver. Serve the chicken on a platter with some jasmine rice., ingredients: [1 small black chicken, separate the legs from the breast, 4 red Asian shallots, finely diced, 1 34 ounces 50 g galangal, peeled and pounded in a mortar and pestle, 1 lemongrass stem, white part only, finely chopped, 4 lemon leaves, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, 2 teaspoons chile powder, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 3 tablespoons Sa Pa honey or regular honey], title: Char Grilled Sapa Black Chicken in Galangal: Ga Den Nuong Rieng, picturelink: null}, 9013: {instructions: Whisk together the vinegar and mustard in a small bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste.nToss the watercress in a few tablespoons of the dressing and arrange on a platter. Top with slices of the tomatoes and onions and drizzle with the remaining dressing. Sprinkle with the blue cheese., ingredients: [3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 cups watercress, 2 tomatoes, sliced into 12inch slices, 1 large red onion, sliced into 12inch slices, 12 cup crumbled Maytag blue cheese], title: TomatoRed Onion Salad, picturelink: null}, 9014: {instructions: Make the meatballs: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and brush a baking sheet with olive oil. Pulse the bread in a food processor to make coarse crumbs. Transfer to a small bowl, add the milk and set aside to soak. Lightly beat the eggs in a large bowl, then add the beef, parsley, parmesan, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and the red pepper flakes mix with your hands to combine. Add the breadmilk mixture and mix until just combined do not overmix.nDampen your hands and shape the meat mixture into 4 large balls. Make an indentation in the center of each with your thumb and stuff with a mini mozzarella ball, then mold the meat around the cheese. Arrange the meatballs on the prepared baking sheet and bake until browned and firm, 25 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the sauce: Heat the olive oil in a large deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the garlic softens, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, 1 cup water, the basil sprigs and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer until thickened, about 30 minutes.nRemove the meatballs from the oven and add to the sauce, spooning some of the sauce on top. Continue cooking, occasionally spooning the sauce over the meatballs, until tender and cooked through, about 6 minutes. Serve with ricotta and chopped basil.nYou can form all of these meatballs a day ahead cover and refrigerate until ready to cook.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [For the meatballs:, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, 3 12 cups torn stale Italian bread about 14 loaf, 1 cup whole milk, 2 large eggs, 2 pounds ground beef chuck, 1 small bunch parsley, choppedabout 1 cup, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, 1 clove garlic, grated, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 4 mini mozzarella balls bocconcini, For the sauce:, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 14 to 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 3 to 4 sprigs basil, plus chopped leaves for topping, Ricotta cheese, for topping], title: Jumbo Cheesy Italian Meatballs, picturelink: cs2ukRJH4c6ixTnwpmOCX9VdBR5oA6u}, 9015: {instructions: In a shallow dish , combine bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese set aside. Place flour in shallow dish set aside. Beat two eggs in shallow dish and set aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons butter in skillet over medium heat.nSeason zucchini rounds with salt and pepper. Dredge in flour, beaten egg, then bread crumb mixture. Saute until golden brown, ingredients: [2 medium zucchini cut into 14 inch rounds, 23 cup bread crumbs, 13 cup Parmesan cheese, 1 cup flour, 2 whole eggs, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Ruthies Zucchini Rounds, picturelink: null}, 9016: {instructions: In a blender combine dressing ingredients. Puree and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nIn a mixing bowl combine the radicchio, arugula, romaine, prosciutto, cannelini beans, minced onion, diced tomato, broccoli, and artichoke hearts. Toss well.nAdd the dressing and mix again. Serve sprinkled with ricotta salata., ingredients: [3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon minced garlic, 13 cup packed basil leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups coarsely chopped radicchio, 1 12 cups coarsely chopped arugula, 1 12 cups chopped romaine, 3 ounces prosciutto, well trimmed, thinly sliced, and diced, 34 cup cooked cannelini beans, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, 12 cup diced, seeded, tomato, 1 cup broccoli florets, 1 jar marinated artichoke hearts, drained and quartered, 12 cup crumbled ricotta salata], title: Chopped Salad, picturelink: null}, 9017: {instructions: In a saucepan, bring heavy cream, milk, cheese, and seasonings to a boil, then stir and simmer until cheese is melted. Toss with macaroni and pour into baking dish. Sprinkle bread crumbs on top and dot with butter. Bake for 30 minutes in a preheated 350 degree oven and bread crumbs are toasted and nicely browned., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup milk, 2 cups grated Cheddar, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, Salt and pepper, 1 pound elbow macaroni, cooked and strained, tossed with 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup fresh bread crumbs, 2 ounces butter, diced into small pieces], title: Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: xuDipR6QSAKroq.gysUqFU6gBxawUe}, 9018: {instructions: For the dressing: Place the shallots, olive oil and vegetable oil in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook the shallots gently, at barely a bubble, until completely soft, 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature.nTo a food processor, add the cooked shallots and oil, and the cider vinegar, iced tea, mustard, honey and salt. Pulse until the shallots are finely chopped and the dressing is thick. Set aside.nFor the salad: Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the fregola and cook for 8 minutes or until cooked through. Drain well, then place in a large bowl. While the fregola is still warm, add the dressing and toss to coat. Allow the fregola to cool slightly before adding the green beans, wax beans, edamame, cherry tomatoes, basil and salt toss gently to coat.nDivide the salad between 8 plates. Top each with a burrata quarter and serve., ingredients: [3 large shallots, chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 14 cup iced tea, 2 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cup fregola, 12 pound green beans, trimmed, halved and blanched, 12 pound wax beans, trimmed, halved and blanched, 1 cup frozen edamame, thawed, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, quartered, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 whole burrata, quartered], title: Tre Fagioli with Fregola, picturelink: 6Ci.28xdfuCrpSXrnkEUDQs2Aco1ZO}, 9019: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the Salsa: In a small bowl mix together, tomatoes, onion, jalapeno, garlic, juice, olive oil, hot sauce, and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the Black Bean Puree: In a food processer, blend all ingredients together until smooth.nTo assemble: Stack tortillas on a cutting board. Using the bottom of the ramekin as a guide, cut 8 circles out of the tortillas. Spread the bean puree evenly on 1 side of each tortilla round. Place a round in each ramekin, bean side up. Crack 2 eggs into each of the 4 ramekins, followed by 14 cup of salsa, and 1 tablespoon each of Cheddar and jack. Cover with another tortilla round, bean side down. Do not jam the dishes with too much. The eggs will expand during cooking and overflow. Brush tops of each tortilla with butter and bake on a sheet tray for 35 minutes. Top with remaining cheese during the last 10 minutes of cooking. Cheese should be melted and golden on top. To serve, top with sour cream and salsa., ingredients: [2 small tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 medium jalapeno, chopped, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 15.5ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon lime juice, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, Pinch salt, 2 12inch flour tortillas, 1 tablespoon melted butter, 8 eggs, room temperature, 12 cup shredded Cheddar, 12 cup shredded pepper jack cheese, Sour cream, for garnish, Special equipment: 4 4 by 2inch ramekins], title: Huevos Rancheros with Black Bean Puree, picturelink: EJlHEc114Ke0bDbscUj6rh6RfW8TcmC}, 9020: {instructions: In a shaker with ice, add Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, triple sec, and cranberry juicenShake and strain into a martini glassnGarnish with lemon twist, ingredients: [1.25 oz. Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, .25 oz. triple sec, 1 oz. cranberry juice, 1 twist lemon], title: Cosmopolitan, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 9021: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nAssemble the sandwiches on a baking sheet by spreading 6 slices of bread with a scant amount of Dijon mustard. If you like more Dijon flavor, add more I like it to be subtle. Top with the desired amount of ham and sprinkle with about a tablespoon of cheese. Top with the remaining bread slices.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the butter over medium heat until melted. Stir in the flour, creating a roux, and cook for about 4 minutes. Whisk in the milk and stir until it thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon. Add the nutmeg and 1 cup of Gruyere, and season with salt and pepper. Pour the mixture over the sandwiches. Top the sandwiches with equal amounts of the remaining cheese.nBake for 8 minutes. Turn on the broiler and broil until the sandwiches are golden brown and the cheese is bubbly, about 2 minutes watch closely. Top each sandwich with a fried egg and serve., ingredients: [12 slices white sandwich bread, Dijon mustard, for spreading, Sliced ham, as needed, depending on how thick your ham is if using thinly sliced deli ham, use about 3 slices per sandwich, or 18 slices total, 4 cups grated Gruyere cheese, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, Pinch grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 overeasy fried eggs], title: Croque Madame, picturelink: s3O12OlkAlQmcycC67tbjZECgMXwFau}, 9022: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 9 by 2inch metal baking pan.nBlend the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a processor for 5 seconds. Add the butter cubes. Blend until the butter is reduced to tiny pieces, 15 to 20 seconds. Whisk the buttermilk, sour cream and eggs in a large bowl to blend. Add the dry ingredients from the processor and stir until evenly moistened. Scrape the batter into the prepared pan.nBake the corn bread until the top is golden brown and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cool the bread on a rack at least 30 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick chilled unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, plus more for greasing, 2 cups yellow cornmeal, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 13 cup sour cream, 2 large eggs], title: Buttermilk and Sour Cream Corn Bread, picturelink: jTSa8URLaNdSnZaD8ebo1cgmv4k0DwO}, 9023: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the coffee, sugar and cocoa. Whisk in the corn syrup until all the sugar crystals are dissolved and the mixture is completely smooth. Place the chocolate and butter in a large, dry bowl set over barley simmering water. When the chocolate has melted, whisk in the coffeecocoa mixture until smooth and blended. The sauce is best if left to ripen for a full day before serving. Note: For Hot Fudge Sauce place a heat proof container of sauce in a pan of hot water and set it over very low heat. Stir the sauce until warm.nFinely chop the chocolate and put into it in a medium bowl. Add the hot coffee and gently stir with a whisk until smooth and blended. Stir in the corn syrup.nIn a small saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer, bring the water, corn syrup and 34 cup sugar to 246 degrees firm ball. In the meantime, in the completely clean and dry bowl of an electric mixer, whisk the egg whites, salt and cream of tartar until creamy and foamy. Still working, sprinkle in the tablespoon of sugar and continue to whisk until the whites hold very soft peaks. With the mixer on slow, carefully drizzle in the hot syrup. Turn the mixer to high and whisk until thick, fluffy and just warm, about 7 minutes. Turn the mixer to low and whisk in the vanilla extract. Let fluff set up on a sheet pan and set aside.nVANILLA ICE CREAM: 1 vanilla bean 1 12 cups milk 1 12 cups heavy cream 1 cup lightly packed light brown sugar 7 large egg yolks 1 teaspoon vanilla extractnSplit the vanilla bean lengthwise. Scrape out the seeds. Reserve all. Put the seeds, pod halves, milk, cream, and 1 tablespoon sugar in heavy bottomed, medium size saucepan. Bring to a scald over low heat. In the meantime, put the brown sugar, egg yolks and vanilla extract in a large bowl and whisk just to blend. While gently whisking the yolks, drizzle the hot cream mixture into them so that they are gradually warmed up. Return everything to the saucepan and cook while stirring with a wooden spoon. Make sure that you are constantly scraping the spoon across the bottom of the pan so the custard does not scorch. The custard is done when it has thickened slightly and can evenly coat the back of a spoon. Do not let the custard come to a boil. Strain the custard through a fine sieve. Press out all the liquid in the vanilla beans and nestle the container holding the custard into a large bowl of ice. Let cool, stirring occasionally. Transfer to an ice cream machine and freeze according to manufacturers instructions. Put the finished ice cream in a storage container and freeze until firm.nTO ASSEMBLE: Place ice cream in a bowl of your choice and garnish with hot chocolate sauce. Enjoy., ingredients: [12 cup very hot coffee, 12 cup sugar, 34 cup unsweetened, Dutch processed cocoa, 12 cup light corn syrup, 4 ounces semi sweet chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 ounces semi sweet chocolate, 12 cup strong, hot coffee, 1 cup light corn syrup, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons water, 1 14 cup light corn syrup, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 large egg whites, Pinch salt, Pinch cream of tartar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Super Sundae, picturelink: null}, 9024: {instructions: Thinly slice 1 onion. Strip the leaves from 2 sprigs of rosemary and finely chop the leaves, reserving the sprigs. Grate the zest from 1 lemon.nIn a small bowl, combine the sliced onion, chopped rosemary leaves, lemon zest, vinegar, mustard, the juice of the zested lemon, and the salt and pepper.nCut the remaining onion and lemon in half. Pierce each first with a small, sharp knife so that the skewer is easily inserted. Insert the sprigs of rosemary through the onion and lemon halves.nRub the mustard mixture over the chicken and inside the cavities. Insert a rosemary skewer into each cavity. Place the chicken in a shallow pan, cover, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight.nPrepare a charcoal or gas grill, arranging the coals for indirect cooking. Lightly spray the grill rack with vegetable oil spray. The coals should be moderately hot.nPlace the chicken over the cooler part of the grill, cover and roast for 1 12 hours to 1 hour 45 minutes, turning at least 3 or 4 times during grilling, until the juices run clear when the thigh is pierced with a fork or sharp knife. Add fresh coals to the fire as necessary to maintain a moderate heat. If using a gas grill, adjust the burner furthest from the chicken to medium. Let the roast chicken sit for about 10 minutes. Remove the onion and lemon from the cavities before serving., ingredients: [2 small onions, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary each about 4 inches long, 2 small lemons, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 3 to 3 12 pound whole chicken], title: Whole Chicken, picturelink: null}, 9025: {instructions: Heat the olive oil or butter in a large saucepan over mediumlow heat. Cook the onions with the salt until they start to caramelize, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the plantains or bananas and cook 10 minutes longer. Stir in the garlic, oregano, thyme, and rosemary and cook just until aromatic, about 3 minutes longer.nAdd the tomatoes, bread chunks and chicken or vegetable stock. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, stirring frequently, until the bread has softened and the flavors are well blended, about 45 minutes. Ladle the soup into bowls, then squeeze a wedge of lime into each and toss in the wedge. Serve hot., ingredients: [5 garlic cloves, minced or pureed, 1 bunch fresh oregano, leaves only, chopped, or 12 tablespoon dried, 12 bunch fresh thyme, leaves only, chopped, or 12 tablespoon dried, Small sprig of fresh rosemary, leaves only, chopped, or 14 teaspoon dried, 1 12 cups canned tomatoes, diced, with the juices, 6 ounces baguette about 13 loaf, cut into 12inch chunks with crust, 6 cups chicken stock or vegetable stock, 2 limes, cut into quarters, for garnish, 14 cup olive oil or 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, diced, 2 12 teaspoons salt, 2 ripe plantains or bananas, peeled and cut into 14inch slices on the diagonal], title: Bread Soup, picturelink: null}, 9026: {instructions: Fill a rocks glass with ice, add KAHLu00daAu00ae and vodka. Stir., ingredients: [Ice, 1 part KAHLu00daAu00ae, 1 part vodka], title: KAHLu00daAu00ae Black Russian, picturelink: null}, 9027: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Make topping: Combine all of the topping ingredients in a saucepan and bring to a boil.nRemove from the heat and let cool.nMake cake: Stir the melted butter into the milk. In a mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar substitute, baking powder, and cinnamon. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients with a wooden spoon dont worry if the batter is a bit lumpy.nDivide the batter among 6 12cup ramekins and spoon some of the topping over each cake. Bake for 45 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [34 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 14 cup sugarfree maple syrup, 34 cup water, 2 tablespoons light butter, 2 tablespoons light butter, melted, 1 cup 1 percent milk, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Scant 12 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Cinnamon Pudding Cake, picturelink: null}, 9028: {instructions: For the shrimp: In a medium saucepot, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add the garlic and shallots and cook until translucent. Then add the black peppercorns, lemon slices, thyme and the rest of the olive oil.nBring to a boil, and then take off the heat. Let stand for 15 minutes to infuse the flavors.nReturn the oil to medium heat. Add the shrimp and poach until the shrimp is cooked, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the oil to cool.nFor the salad: Combine the arugula, radishes, watercress and olives in a large bowl. Toss with the olive oil and rice vinegar. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, place a warm Olive Tortilla on a plate and top with a tablespoon of the Cumin Scented Black Beans. Top with 3 pieces poached shrimp, then a small mound of the salad. Top with the Tomatillo Avocado Salsa and some cheese. Drizzle some Lime Sour Cream on top and garnish with cilantro sprigs and lime. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nIn the bowl of a heavy duty mixer, place the flour, shortening, olives and salt. Beat with the paddle until crumbly, 3 to 5 minutes. With the mixer running, gradually add the warm water and continue mixing until the dough is smooth, about 3 minutes.nDivide the dough into 6 pieces. Roll each piece into a ball and place on a baking sheet or board. Cover with a towel and let rest at room temperature at least 15 minutes or up to 1 hour.nCut out six 12inch squares of waxed or parchment paper for stacking the tortillas. On a lightly floured board, roll each ball into a 10inch circle and transfer to a paper square. Stack on a baking sheet or platter and refrigerate until cooking time. Uncooked tortillas can be kept in the refrigerator, well wrapped with paper squares between the layers, up to 2 days.nTo cook, heat a dry griddle or 12inch skillet over medium heat. Carefully peel off the paper and cook the tortillas, one at a time, until puffy and slightly brown, 30 to 45 seconds per side. Set aside to cool slightly on a towellined platter.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, add the olive oil, garlic and onions and cook until translucent. Add the cumin and pepper flakes and cook for another minute. Add the beans, 14 cup water and season with salt and pepper. Stir together and cook over low heat for 15 minutes to infuse the flavors.nTo finish, blend about 13 of the beans with a touch of water to make a thick paste. Stir this paste back into the whole beans. Just before serving, stir in the cilantro.nCombine the tomatillos, avocados, scallions, jalapeno, cilantro, olive oil and lime juice and mix well. Season with salt and pepper.nCombine the sour cream, lime zest and juice and season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [2 cups olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, 4 slices lemon, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 18 whole shrimp, cleaned and deveined, 3 cups baby arugula, 1 cup radishes, thinly sliced, 1 cup watercress, 14 cup assorted olives, cut in slivers, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive Tortillas, recipe follows, Cumin Scented Black Beans, recipe follows, Tomatillo Avocado Salsa, recipe follows, 4 ounces queso fresco, crumbled, Lime Sour Cream, recipe follows, Fresh cilantro sprigs, for garnish, 6 lime wedges, for garnish, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 12 cup vegetable shortening 3 12 ounces, 2 tablespoons pitted and finely chopped kalamata olives, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup warm water, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 onion, diced, 2 teaspoons ground toasted cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, 8 ounces cooked black beans, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, minced, 8 ounces tomatillo, papery husks removed, cut into 14inch dice, 2 avocados, peeled, pitted and cut into 14inch dice, 3 scallions, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seed and minced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon lime juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup sour cream, Zest and juice of 1 lime, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Olive Oil Poached Shrimp with Olive Tortillas, Cumin Scented Black Beans and Tomatillo Avocado Salsa, picturelink: null}, 9029: {instructions: Put the chickpeas, chickpea liquid, garlic, tahini, lemon juice, paprika, barbecue sauce, hot sauce, vinegar and 1 12 teaspoons salt in a food processor. Puree until smooth and creamy.nPhotograph by Raymond Hom, ingredients: [3 cups canned chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 12 cup liquid reserved, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, 14 cup tahini, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 12 teaspoons paprika, 2 tablespoons barbecue sauce, 2 to 3 tablespoons cayenne hot sauce, 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar, Kosher salt], title: Buffalo Wing Hummus, picturelink: kUcyYHnJZK92AOpnN3VRXWZj02bN4G}, 9030: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan, heat the orange and lemon juices with 12 cup of the port. Add the zest and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Reserve.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the cranberries, onion, 2 cups port, ginger, brown sugar, salt, pepper, and cinnamon. Over medium high heat, cook until the relish thickens, 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in the remaining 12 cup port, the orange liqueur, and the reserved orange and lemon juice and zest mixture. Set aside.nCut off the top 14inch of each apple. Using a melon baller, remove the core of the apple, being careful not to pierce the sides or bottom of the apples, to make apple cups. Place the apple cups in a small baking dish. Spoon the cranberry relish into the apples. Spoon the excess relish around the apples. Cover with foil and bake until apples are tender, about 30 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 orange, juiced and zested, 1 lemon, juiced and zested, 3 cups port, 12 ounces fresh cranberries, washed, 12 medium red onion, diced, 1 ounce fresh ginger, peeled and cut into julienne, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons orange liqueur, 4 Rome Beauty apples], title: Baked Apples with Spiced Cranberry Relish, picturelink: null}, 9031: {instructions: In a blender, puree tomatoes, white wine vinegar, salt, and olive oil until smooth. Pour tomato mixture through a sieve into a bowl, pressing on solids. Yellow tomato coulis keeps, covered and chilled, 2 days.nServe yellow tomato coulis garnished with halved tomatoes., ingredients: [1 pound yellow pear or cherry tomatoes about 2 23 cups red tomatoes may also be used, 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Halved yellow pear or cherry tomatoes, for garnish], title: Yellow Tomato Coulis, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 9032: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a large skillet and place over medium heat. Saute onions and garlic for 3 minutes until soft. Add the spinach, season with salt and pepper, and continue to saute until the spinach is limp, about 2 minutes. Add lemon juice, remove from heat and place in a colander, and squeeze out excess liquid. Set aside to cool. The filling needs to be cool and dry to prevent the phyllo from becoming soggy. In a medium bowl, beat the eggs with feta, coriander, and nutmeg. Season, then fold in the cooled spinach mixture until well blended.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F, brush 2 baking sheets with some melted butter. Unroll the phyllo dough and lay a sheet flat on a work surface. Take care to keep the phyllo covered with a damp, not wet, towel as you work to prevent drying out and becoming brittle. Brush the sheet with melted butter, then sprinkle evenly with some oregano and chives. Repeat with 2 more sheets of phyllo, stacking on top of each other. With a sharp knife or pizza cutter, cut the sheets lengthwise into thirds to form 2 12inch strips. Do this with all the sheets of dough.nPlace a heaping teaspoon of filling near 1 corner of the layered phyllo strip. Fold the end at an angle over the filling to form a triangle. Continue to fold the triangle along the strip until you reach the end, like folding up a flag. Brush the top with butter and dust with Parmesan, place on prepared baking sheet, and cover while preparing the remaining pastries. Repeat until all the filling and phyllo strips are used up. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes until the triangles are crisp and golden. Serve hot, warm or cold., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 12 cup chopped green onions, white and green parts, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 pounds fresh baby spinach, trimmed, washed and roughly chopped, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 12 ounces crumbled feta, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, toasted and ground, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 pound unsalted butter, melted, 1 pound phyllo pastry sheets, 14 cup finely chopped oregano, 14 cup finely chopped chives, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Spanakopita, picturelink: null}, 9033: {instructions: Put the cucumber, buttermilk, honey if using and lime juice into a blender. Blend on high until smooth. Add half of the frozen watermelon and blend until almost completely smooth, turning off the blender and pushing down on the ingredients with a spatula or wooden spoon as needed to help the blending process. Add the remaining frozen watermelon and continue to blend until smooth. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of water if needed to adjust consistency. Pour into a glass and garnish with a cucumber slice., ingredients: [One 2inch piece English cucumber, peeled and roughly chopped about 12 cup, plus one slice reserved for garnish, 3 tablespoons lowfat buttermilk, 1 tablespoon honey, optional, 12 small lime, juiced about 1 tablespoon, 2 cups cubed seedless watermelon, frozen], title: WatermelonandCucumber Smoothie, picturelink: QLOmDq9Fa3ShcjvRgPTT67M2qMWyOre}, 9034: {instructions: For the dressing, begin by whisking together 1 egg yolk with 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard until well incorporated and fluffy. Next add the extra virgin olive oil in slow steady stream until all the oil is incorporated and the mixture is emulsified. Slowly add the red wine vinegar, and finish the dressing with the fresh tarragon. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate if not using immediately. To assemble the salad, combine the spinach, bacon, mushrooms and toss well. Drizzle the dressing over the top., ingredients: [1 egg yolk, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 34 cup extra virgin olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon finely chopped tarragon, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 bunch spinach, washed, 14 cup cooked bacon, crumbled, 12 cup button mushrooms, finely sliced], title: Spinach Salad, picturelink: null}, 9035: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat olive oil over medium heat in a large Dutch oven.nAdd onion and garlic slices. Saute until tender about 3 minutes. Add the red pepper flakes and salt and pepper stir until fragrant. Add the kale and let saute until it cooks down slightly. Add the beans and the chicken stock.nCover and let cook for 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups kale, washed, stems trimmed and chopped, 1 15 ounce can cannellini beans, drained, 34 cup chicken stock], title: Greens and Beans, picturelink: 3yunMkNTbkLZDG8ammYKjbQjOAMGkvi}, 9036: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nButterfly the yellow snapper, removing the head, spine, scales, and bones, keeping the filleted pieces attached at the tail and the skin on. With a sharp knife, make slits in the skin of the snapper to prevent it from curling during cooking. Coat the skin in the rice flour and season with salt and pepper. Also season the inside with salt and pepper.nHeat the vegetable oil and butter in a 10inch ovensafe skillet over medium heat. Add the snapper to the hot skillet, bone side down, and sear until golden brown. Place the fish, uncooked side up, on a baking sheet. Bake in oven until just cooked through, about 6 to 9 minutes.nLadle the Corn Sauce onto a serving plate. Use a 3ounce ice cream scoop to put a scoop of the Black Thai Sticky Rice on top of the Sauce. Place the yellow snapper tilted up on the rice, and put the Baby Bok Choy over the snapper.nRemove the corn kernels from the cob by slicing down the cob. Set the kernels aside. Cut the cob into 4 pieces.nHeat 1 to 2 tablespoons butter or oil in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the corn kernels, turmeric, and saffron, and cook until lightly sauteed, about 2 minutes. Add the heavy cream and cob pieces. Adjust heat to medium, and simmer until slightly reduced. With a slotted spoon, remove the pieces of cob. Puree the liquid in a blender, being careful about pureeing hot liquids in a blender do not fill to capacity, and place a towel over top. Strain the puree through a fine mesh sieve. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Gently stir in the truffle oil. Keep warm if possible.nRinse the black rice in cold water for 5 minutes, and then drain.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, simmer the mirin and the rice wine vinegar until slightly reduced. Reserve.nIn a small saucepan with a cover that fits tightly, simmer the black rice with 12 cup water over medium heat until there are little bubbles and the rice is fully cooked. Spoon the rice out flat on a plate for 2 minutes to release steam. Put the black rice in a small bowl and add the mirin and vinegar mixture. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Gently stir together, cover, keep warm.nHeat the sesame oil in a 10inch skillet over medium heat. Add the bok choy and saute for 3 minutes. Add the sake to deglaze the pan. Continue cooking over medium heat until al dente, about 5 more minutes. Season to taste with the salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 2pound boneless yellow snapper, 1 cup rice flour, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, for frying, 1 tablespoon butter, for frying, Corn Sauce, recipe follows, Black Thai Sticky Rice, recipe follows, Baby Bok Choy, recipe follows, 1 ear corn, Butter or oil, for sauteing, Small pinch turmeric, Pinch saffron, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 drops truffle oil, 14 cup black rice, 4 tablespoons mirin, 4 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 baby bok choy, cut in half, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 teaspoon sake, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Yellow Snapper with Black Thai Sticky Rice, Corn Sauce, and Baby Bok Choy, picturelink: null}, 9037: {instructions: To make the tomato sauce: Heat the olive oil over medium heat in a small saucepan. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the chili powder, cumin, and oregano. Cook, stirring, until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the tomato sauce and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Stir in the stock, bring to a boil, then adjust the heat so the sauce is simmering. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is lightly thickened, about 15 minutes.nSet the rack about 4 inches from the broiler and preheat the broiler.nCook the chorizo in a medium skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels and set asidenCut the avocados in half, remove the pit and peel the halves. Cut each half lengthwise into 6 thin slices. Toss together in a medium bowl with the lime juice. Divide the chorizo among 6 ovenproof, individual serving casseroles, about 5 1 2inches wide by 1inch deep. Cover the chorizo in each casserole with 4 thin slices of avocado.nTo cook the eggs: Spray a frying pan or griddle with the vegetable cooking spray and heat over medium heat. Add as many eggs as will fit without touching and cook until the underside of the eggs is set, about 1 minute. Reduce the heat to low and cook until the whites are completely set, about 3 minutes. Place 2 eggs on top of the avocado in each casserole. Repeat with the remaining eggs.nDivide the tomato sauce among the 6 casseroles, topping the eggs with a thin, even layer of sauce. Sprinkle the cheese over the sauce, dividing it evenly. Broil just until the cheese melts, about 1 minute. Top each casserole with a teaspoon of crema and sprinkle the chopped cilantro over the cream. Pass the remaining crema separately.nCooks Notes: Crema Mexicana is a mildly acidic dairy product with a consistency that makes it perfect for drizzling over finished dishes. It is available in Latin markets and some supermarkets. If you cannot find it, substitute sour cream, thinned down with water.nOaxaca cheese is a mild string cheese from the state of Oaxaca in Mexico. It is available in Latin markets and some supermarkets. Whole milk mozzarella is the perfect substitute., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons grated onion, 1 clove garlic, 1 14 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 8ounce can Spanish style tomato sauce, 14 cup vegetable stock or water, 1 12 cups removed from casing and crumbled Mexican chorizo, 2 Hass avocados, 1 lime, juiced, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil cooking spray, 1 dozen eggs, 1 cup shredded Oaxaca cheese see Cooks Notes or mozzarella cheese, 12 cup crema Mexicana see Cooks Notes or sour cream, Minced fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, Special Equipment: 6 5 12 by 1inch or similar size flameproof casseroles], title: Eggs a la Paloma, picturelink: 4FY7L1iemEjrWovtJ4CCfvoV.k.sHoa}, 9038: {instructions: To prepare the meat, bring the water to a boil in a large stock pot. Add the onions, carrots, garlic, marjoram, thyme, salt, and pork and return to a boil. Reduce the heat, and simmer gently for 1 hour, or until meat is tender. Add the chicken breasts and cook for 15 minutes more.nRemove the pot from the heat and allow the meat to cool in the broth until lukewarm. Remove the meats and vegetables from the broth. Reserve the broth. Slice the meat thinly and, if you wish, bone the chicken breasts. Place the meats and vegetables in a large cazuela or ovenproof casserole and cover loosely with foil to keep warm.nTo prepare the stew, preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place the yams, pineapple, and plantains in a ovenproof dish large enough to hold them. Roast them for 1 hour, then peel the yams and plantains and cut them into chunks. Set them aside.nRemove the veins and seeds of the chiles and wipe them clean. Soak them in hot water for 25 minutes and drain. In a blender, puree the chiles, pine nuts, garlic, tomatoes, cloves, cinnamon, nutmeg, thyme, marjoram, oregano, and cumin with a little of the soaking liquid.nIn a large saucepan, over a medium high heat, heat the oil. Pour in the chile mixture a little at a time. Add the salt, pepper, and sugar. Cook 5 minutes or until the mixture changes color and thickens. Add the reserved broth from the meats and simmer until slightly thickened. Add the thickened sauce to the reserved cazuela with the sliced pork and chicken breasts. Bake for 20 minutes. Add the yams, pineapple, plantain, apples, and prunes. Bake for another 10 minutes.nServe piping hot from the cazuela, accompanied by freshly made tortillas and Arroz Blanco.nThe Original Manchamanteles Stew that Stains the Tablecoth:nTake some ripe tomatoes, and remove the seeds. Grind them with soaked toasted dry chiles, cinnamon and pepper. After grinding, fry in lard, mix with warm water, add the chickens or pork, cooked sausages, olives, vinegar, salt, a lump of sugar, yams or peanuts.nPour hot water over the rice and let it stand for about 10 minutes. Drain the rice and rinse well in cold water. Let the rice drain for a few minutes.nIn a medium size saucepan with a tight fitting lid, heat the oil over a medium low heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until translucent, stirring constantly. Add the rice and cook just until the grains are coated with the oil.nAdd the water and cook, uncovered, over a medium heat until the liquid has been absorbed and small air holes appear on the top of the rice. Do not stir.nWrap the lid of the saucepan with a small terry cloth dish towel. Place the lid tightly over the saucepan so that none of the steam can escape. Set aside in a warm place for about 20 to 30 minutes, so that the rice can continue to cook and the grains expand.nStir the rice well before serving., ingredients: [2 quarts water or stock, 2 onions, peeled and quartered, 1 pound carrots, peeled and cut into chunks, 2 heads garlic, peeled and separated into cloves, 3 sprigs marjoram, stems removed, 3 sprigs thyme, stems removed, 2 teaspoons sea salt, or to taste, 2 12 pounds boneless pork butt, 3 whole chicken breasts, bonein, cut into quarters, 2 large yams, unpeeled, 1 pineapple, peeled and cut into chunks, 3 ripe plantains, in their peels, 7 ounces Ancho chiles, 4 ounces pine nuts, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 pound ripe tomatoes, sliced, 2 cloves, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 sprig thyme, stems removed, 1 sprig marjoram, stems removed, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, crumbled, 12 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 10 to 12 cups broth from cooking meats, 3 apples, peeled, cored, and cut into chunks, 24 prunes, pitted, Serve with Arroz Blanco, recipe follows, 3 cups long grain unconverted white rice, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium white onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 7 cups water], title: Manchamanteles with Arroz Blanco Stew That Stains the Tablecloth, picturelink: null}, 9039: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a bowl, combine the ancho chile powder, light brown sugar, chile de arbol, cinamon, and cumin, and set aside. In a medium size bowl, place the shrimp. Salt and pepper the shrimp aggressively. Then, sprinkle the shrimp with the spice mixture on both sides. Place the shrimp on a baking sheet and drizzle with oil. Roast for 4 to 5 minutes, or until just cooked through. Place the arugula in a bowl, drizzle with some of the Smoked Chile Vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Divide the seasoned arugula among 4 plates. Place 6 shrimp around the plate. Spread the gaufrettes with the Green Chile Goat Cheese and place along side each shrimp. Drizzle with more of the vinaigrette and chopped cilantro.nCombine vinegar, chipotle and cilantro in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until emulsified. Season with honey, salt, and pepper, to taste.nHeat oil in a medium highsided pan to 360 degrees F. Slice potatoes on a mandoline into gaufrettes. Fry the potatoes in batches until golden brown on both sides. Drain on a plate lined with paper towels and salt immediately.nPlace chile and goat cheese in a food processor and process until combined. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon chile de arbol powder, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 24 large shrimp, shelled and deveined, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces arugula, washed and dried, Smoked Chile Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Gaufrettes, recipe follows, Green Chile Goat Cheese, recipe follows, Chopped Cilantro, for garnish, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper puree in adobo, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups peanut or canola oil, 2 baking potatoes, like russets, washed and peeled, Salt, 1 large poblano pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped, 8 ounces goat cheese, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Spicy Shrimp and Green Chile Goat Cheese Salad, picturelink: null}, 9040: {instructions: In a medium Dutch oven, heat the oil, add the onion, peppers and garlic. Saute until translucent, do not brown. Remove and set mixture aside.nLightly grill the tomatillos on open flame until lightly charred. Remove from heat, place in bowl and cover with plastic wrap to keep warm for 20 minutes.nAdd pork butt to Dutch oven and cook over high heat until browned on all sidesnAdd the onionpepper mixture and tomatillos to the pork. Mix thoroughly and then deglaze with white wine and vinegar. Let reduce for 5 minutes, then add chicken stock, oregano, cumin, salt and pepper.nLet simmer for 1 hour., ingredients: [4 pounds pork butt, cut into 1inch cubes, trimmed of fat, 4 yellow onions, chopped, 4 Anaheim chiles, 2 jalapeno, minced, 4 tablespoons garlic, chopped, 1 pound tomatillos, husk removed, 12 cup white wine, 14 cup white vinegar, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons ground oregano, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper], title: Chili Verde Pork, picturelink: PTQYqU4AJLiFxKQWLQk.MK.FLh.K3Lu}, 9041: {instructions: Make the crust:nIn a large bowl, stir together the flour, sugar and salt. Cut in the shortening with a pastry blender or 2 knives used like a scissor, or mix with your fingertips until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the ice water over the flour mixture, tossing with a fork adjust enough of the remaining water, by the tablespoon, tossing, so that the dough holds together. Flatten into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. On a lightly floured surface, with a lightly floured rolling pin, roll out the dough into an 11inch circle. Fit into a 9inch pie plate. Fold the edge under to make a standup edge crimp. Prick the bottom all over with a fork. Bake until golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes. Remove the pie plate to a wire rack to cool.nMake the filling:nIn a heatproof bowl, lightly beat the egg yolks to break up, and then set aside. In a small, heavy saucepan, stir together the sugar, flour and salt. Gradually stir in the scalded milk. Cook over mediumlow heat, whisking, until thickened and bubbly, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir a little of the hot mixture into the yolks. Stir the yolk mixture back into the saucepan. Heat over very low heat, stirring, for 2 minutes, and do not let boil. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Whisk in the chocolate, butter, and vanilla until melted and smooth. Scrape into a clean bowl. Press a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the filling and let cool for 10 minutes. Remove the plastic wrap and scrape the filling into the piecrust. Cool on a wire rack.nMake the meringue:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan, stir together the cornstarch, 2 tablespoons of the sugar, and the water. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the mixture comes to a simmer and thickens, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat. In a large bowl, add the salt to the egg whites. With an electric mixer at medium speed, beat just until soft peaks form. Add the cornstarch mixture and beat until creamy. Gradually beat in the remaining sugar and continue to beat until soft peaks form, 6 to 8 minutes. Spread the meringue mixture over the cooled chocolate filling, make sure the meringue touches the piecrust edge all the way around. Bake until the meringue is golden and its internal temperature registers 150 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve soon after. Cover and refrigerate any leftovers., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup solid vegetable shortening, 3 to 4 tablespoons ice water, 3 egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 cups milk, scalded, 2 square 1ounce each unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 8 tablespoons sugar, 13 cup water, Pinch salt, 3 egg whites], title: Chocolate Meringue Pie, picturelink: null}, 9042: {instructions: Place the yogurt, water, cream and salt in a blender and blend for about 1 minute, or until frothy. Refrigerate for later use, or pour into tall, chilled glasses over crushed ice, and garnish with mint leaves., ingredients: [1 pint yogurt, 1 12 cups cold water, 12 cup heavy cream, Salt to taste, Crushed ice, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Ayran Yogurt Shake, picturelink: null}, 9043: {instructions: Drizzle the steak with vegetable oil and very liberally, season the steak with salt and pepper, to taste. Let the steak sit out at room temperature for 30 to 60 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F and heat the grill to hot.nIn a small bowl, mix together the garlic, olive oil, and a generous pinch of salt and pepper. Lay the potatoes on a baking sheet and toss with the garlicinfused oil. Roast the potatoes for 18 minutes, or until deep golden, turning halfway through. Set the potatoes aside.nPlace the seasoned steak on the hot grill and grill the steak until an instantread thermometer reads 125 degrees F for mediumrare, about 3 minutes per side. Remove the steak from the grill and let rest under tented foil.nTo assemble the salad: Divide the lettuce among 4 plates. Sprinkle on the halved tomatoes. Divide the warm potatoes among the plates. Drizzle with the Sour CreamBacon Dressing. Slice the steak thinly on the bias and fan on top. Top the salad with the shredded Cheddar cheese.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the mustard, vinegar, sour cream, and garlic powder. Drizzle in the oil and bacon fat to emulsify. Whisk in the chopped bacon, green onions, and season with salt, and pepper, to taste, if necessary., ingredients: [8 ounces boneless sirloin 1 12inches thick or other wellpriced steak, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 6 medium red potatoes, quartered, 14 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 1 head red leaf lettuce, washed, dried and leaves torn into bitesize pieces, 14 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, Sour CreamBacon Dressing, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 strips bacon, cooked until crisp and then chopped, 2 green onions, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Warm Steak and Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 9044: {instructions: For the sweet pie crust: In a large bowl using a pastry cutter, gradually work the butter and shortening into the flour until it resembles coarse meal, for 3 or 4 minutes. In a small bowl, beat one of the eggs with a fork and pour it into the flour mixture. Add the cold water, sugar, white vinegar and salt. Stir gently to combine.nForm the dough into 2 evenly sized balls and place each ball into a gallon resealable plastic bag. Using a rolling pin, slightly flatten each ball of dough to about 12 inch thick to make rolling easier later. Seal the bags and place them in the freezer until you need them. If you will be using them immediately, its still a good idea to put them in the freezer for 15 to 20 minutes to chill.nFor the filling: Combine the cherries and sugar in a medium saucepan over medium heat and cook until the juices release and are hot and bubbling, about 5 minutes. Stir in the balsamic vinegar and cook for 1 minute. Stir together the cornstarch and lemon juice in a small bowl until combined and add to the cherry mixture. Continue to cook until glossy and thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nWhen you are ready to make the crust, remove the dough from the freezer and let thaw for 15 minutes. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nOn a floured surface, roll out one piece of dough starting at the center and working your way out. Sprinkle some flour over top of the dough if its a bit too moist. If the dough is sticking to the countertop, use a metal spatula and carefully scrape it up and flip it over, then continue rolling until its about 12 inch larger in diameter than your pie pan.nWith a spatula, lift the dough into the pie pan. Gently press the dough against the edges of the pan. Go around the pie pan pinching and tucking the dough to make a clean edge. Fill with the cooled cherry mixture.nRoll out the second dough the same size and place it over the pie. Trim off the edges and crimp the top and bottom crusts together to seal them. Cut a few vent holes in the top. Beat the remaining egg in a small bowl for the egg wash. Brush the top with the egg wash and sprinkle with sugarnPut the pie onto a rimmed baking sheet lined with foil and bake until the filling is bubbling and the crust is browned, about 50 minutes. If the crust is getting too brown before the pie is finished, cover with foil and continue baking.nServe with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons salted butter, cold and cut into pieces, 34 cup vegetable shortening, cold and cut into pieces, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling the dough, 2 large eggs, 5 tablespoons cold water, 2 tablespoons sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 cups frozen tart cherries, 23 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 14 cup cornstarch, 14 cup lemon juice from about 2 lemons, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Cherry Pie, picturelink: kPg2XfRWB06m4nKBx1HuvNK1Sjsq3A.}, 9045: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the tomato paste, ketchup, chili powder, Worcestershire, paprika, garlic powder, salt, vinegar, black pepper and cayenne pepper. Stir well.nAdd the ground beef and 3 cups water to a large stockpot. Use a gloved hand to break up the beef. Bring to a simmer.nAdd the tomato paste mixture and another 3 cups water stir to fully incorporate. Simmer for 1 hour, skimming off the excess fat that rises to the surface., ingredients: [3 12 cups tomato paste, 1 12 cups ketchup, 5 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 5 pounds ground beef, 1 cup chopped onion about 1 large onion, pureed with 14 cup water], title: CharHeel Chili, picturelink: cisKcPeGnWgzS35x91o9yokopiBPVC}, 9046: {instructions: Mix 1 12 cups water, 1 14 cups each orange liqueur and fresh lime juice and 23 cup superfine sugar. Freeze the mixture in ice cube trays at least 6 hours you should get about 32 ice cubes. Moisten the rim of each glass with a lime wedge or water, then dip in coarse salt. For each drink, puree 6 to 7 margarita ice cubes with 2 ounces tequila in a blender. With the motor running, add 6 to 7 regular ice cubes, one at a time, until slushy. Pour into the prepared glasses.nDress up your margaritas with flavored salt. Each batch makes enough for 6 drinks.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Frozen Margaritas, picturelink: 252YUb.GrnOEkpJWftDVQVWCcLTzS}, 9047: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Wrap a brick in aluminum foil and place into the oven to heat.nPlace the game hen breast side down on a cutting board. Using scissors or poultry shears, cut from the neck to the tailbone to remove the backbone. Once you remove the backbone you will be able to see the inside of the bird. Make a small slit in the cartilage at the base of the breastbone to reveal the keel bone. Grab the bird with both hands on the ribs and open up like a book, facing down towards the cutting board. Remove the keel bone. Cut small slits in the skin of the bird behind the legs and tuck the drumsticks into them in order to hold them in place. Season on both sides with salt and pepper.nFry the bacon in a 12inch cast iron skillet over medium heat. Once crisp, remove the bacon from the skillet and reserve. Drain all but 1 tablespoon of fat from the pan. Immediately add the two birds to the pan, skin side down. Add the onions to the pan around the edges. Top the birds with the brick and allow to remain on the heat for 5 minutes. Place the pan into the oven and cook 10 to 15 minutes or until the thigh meat reaches 170 degrees F. Remove from the oven and allow the bird to rest for 5 minutes before serving with the onions and bacon., ingredients: [2 1 14 to 1 34 pounds Cornish game hen, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 pieces thicksliced bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 20 to 24 pearl onions], title: Cornish Game Hen with Bacon and Onions, picturelink: nOgvUsBJrXMMo8FZUyaUUdBAbWPFoxK}, 9048: {instructions: Rub the rim of the glass with a wedge of lime and dip the rim into a saucer of fine salt. Place the tequila, lime juice, tangerine juice, orange flavored liqueur, and crushed ice into a shaker. Shake to mix and strain into a glass. Garnish with a wedge of lime on the rim of the glass., ingredients: [1 lime wedge, Fine salt, 2 ounces tequila, 2 ounces fresh lime juice, 2 ounces fresh tangerine juice, 23 ounce orange flavored liqueur, Crushed ice], title: Tangerita: Tangerine Margarita, picturelink: null}, 9049: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the scallions, potatoes, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes are golden brown and just tender, about 10 minutes reduce the heat slightly if necessary to prevent the potatoes from burning. Add the beef and cook, stirring, until hot, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and stir in the parsley.nCombine the chuck, bell peppers, onions, garlic, tomatoes, Italian seasoning, fennel seeds, 2 12 teaspoons salt, and some pepper in a slow cooker. Cook on the low setting for 8 hours. Use a ladle to remove some of the excess fat from the surface, then coarsely shred the beef with two forks. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 scallions, chopped, 1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded beef from Italian Slow Cooker Beef Sandwiches with Giardiniera Aioli recipe follows, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 4 pounds boneless beef chuck roast, quartered, 2 red, orange or yellow bell peppers, seeded and sliced, 1 small onion, halved and thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, One 15ounce can diced tomatoes with basil and oregano, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon whole fennel seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Beef and Potato Hash, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 9050: {instructions: Preheat oven to 525 degrees F.Pat meat dry. In a small bowl combine rosemary, thyme, garlic, pepper and salt. Rub mixture onto meat and arrange meat on a rack in a roasting pan. Roast meat for 45 to 50 minutes, or until a meat thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the meat registers 130 to 140 F. for mediumrare. Transfer meat to a cutting board and let rest, loosely covered, for 10 minutes.nMake the sauce: In a saucepan combine the shallots, 23 cup of the Madeira, the thyme, rosemary and bay leaf and reduce the mixture to 13 cup. Add the stock and tomato paste and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes.nIn a small bowl combine the remaining Madeira with the arrowroot until smooth and whisk it into the sauce. Simmer for 5 minutes more, or until lightly thickened. Keep warm. Before serving, strain into a sauceboat.n, ingredients: [4 to 412 pound trimmed filet mignon, tied at room temperature, 2 tablespoons each minced fresh rosemary and thyme leaves, or 1 tablespoon each dried rosemary and thyme leaves, crumbled, 1 tablespoon finely minced garlic, 2 teaspoons cracked black pepper, or to taste, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, or to taste, 23 cup minced shallots, 23 cup plus 3 tablespoons Madeira, 1 12 teaspoons each minced fresh rosemary and thyme leaves, or 12 teaspoon each dried rosemary and thyme leaves, crumbled, 1 bay leaf, 3 cups beef stock or broth, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 tablespoons arrowroot or cornstarch], title: Roast Tenderloin of Beef, picturelink: null}, 9051: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 1pint jam jarsnPlace the rice in a medium bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together the olives, cilantro, oil, vinegar, and salt, and pepper to make a light vinaigrette. Drizzle the dressing over the rice and toss to coat completely.nIn a large saute pan, heat the olive oil, then add the onions and cook over medium heat until very tender and beginning to brown, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic, ginger, turmeric, cinnamon, cayenne, and lemon zest and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the chickpeas and stir to coat. Turn the heat up to high and deglaze the pan with the wine. Remove the pan from the heat, season with salt, and pepper, to taste and set aside.nPlace the eggplant cubes in a colander and salt liberally. Let rest for 20 to 30 minutes and then blot with paper towels. In a large saute pan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat and cook the onions until tender. Add the blotted eggplant. The eggplant will absorb the oil, but only add more if the eggplant is very dry. Cook for 5 minutes on medium heat, turning occasionally. Add the garlic, and lower the heat, adding a little more oil, if necessary. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste and cook until the eggplant is tender, about 3 or 4 more minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook for a minute to soften just a little and force the juices to release. Turn off the heat. Season with salt, and pepper, and set aside.nLayer the ingredients decoratively in 4 jam jars starting first with the rice, followed by chick peas, eggplant, chicken, and topped with another layer of rice. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours or overnight to prepare for picnic., ingredients: [2 12 cups cooked brown rice, 3 tablespoons chopped, pitted green olives, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Zest of 1 lemon, 1 12 cups cooked chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 14 cup white wine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 eggplant, cut into 1inch cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 2 cups shredded cooked chicken, such as leftover rotisserie chicken or about 2 cutlets, cooked and shredded], title: Layered PicnicinaJar, picturelink: GQTZBJHEgA6krif8ItCjWfk4JmQtJnu}, 9052: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, cook sausages until all sides are brown. Slice lengthwise.nSlice bread lengthwise and spread bottoms with hazelnut chocolate spread. Store the remaining chocolate hazelnut spread in a cool dry place.nPlace sausages on hazelnut chocolate spread. Bake sandwich in oven until bread is lightly toasted., ingredients: [12 pound Italian sausage, 4 small ciabatta, 1 13 ounce jar hazelnut chocolate spread], title: Baked Sausage and HazelnutChocolate Panini, picturelink: null}, 9053: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, toss all the cut vegetables, except for the tomatoes, with olive oil until each piece is coated and then sprinkle with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Transfer the vegetables to a baking sheet and roast until tender. Allow the vegetables to cool and then place them in a large bowl. Toss in the tomatoes and arugula until combined.nRaise oven temperature to 425 degrees F.nCut each sheet of phyllo in half widthwise. Spray each sheet with cooking spray and then stack the sheets so that there are 2 layers. Lay the phyllo lengthwise vertically and place about 12 cup of vegetable mixture in the center. Roll up and tuck in the sides to make a strudel. Spray the outsides with cooking spray and then bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Top the strudel with Roasted Red Pepper Coulis and serve.nHeat the olive oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the peppers, onions, leeks, and garlic and saute until translucent and the garlic is slightly brown. Add the basil, oregano, and cilantro, along with the vegetable stock, and salt and pepper, to taste simmer over mediumhigh heat for approximately 10 minutes. Pour the mixture in a blender and puree until smooth, while slowly drizzling extravirgin olive oil into the pitcher. Strain the mixture through a coarse strainer and serve over the strudel., ingredients: [2 portobello caps, cleaned and cut into strips, 8 baby carrots, cut in half lengthwise, 12 asparagus spears, trimmed at the bottom, 1 zucchini, cut into 2inch long strips, 1 yellow squash, cut into 2inch long strips, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 grape tomatoes, cut in half, 2 cups arugula, 4 sheets phyllo dough, Nonstick cooking spray, Roasted Red Pepper Coulis, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cups roasted red bell pepper strips, 12 cup thinly sliced yellow onion, 12 cup thinly sliced leeks, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 4 fresh basil leaves, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro leaves, 4 cups vegetable stock, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil], title: Roasted Vegetable Strudel with Roasted Red Pepper Coulis, picturelink: null}, 9054: {instructions: 4 chicken breasts, boneless and skinless 3 eggs Water Salt and pepper Italian bread crumbs 14 cup olive oil 12 cup spaghetti sauce Shredded mozzarella, ingredients: [4 chicken breasts, boneless and skinless, 3 eggs, Water, Salt and pepper, Italian bread crumbs, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup spaghetti sauce, Shredded mozzarella], title: Chicken ItalianoChicken Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 9055: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nHeat a large braiser pan over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. Sprinkle the lamb shanks all over with 2 teaspoons salt. When the pan and oil are hot, sear the shanks on all sides until deep brown, rotating often, about 8 minutes. Remove the lamb to a plate.nTo the pan, add the carrots, celery, onions and garlic and cook, stirring often with a wooden spoon, until the vegetables are soft and beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the oregano, rosemary and tomato paste and cook, stirring constantly, for 3 minutes to caramelize the paste. Deglaze the pan with the wine and simmer for 3 minutes. Stir in the chicken stock, then add the lamb shanks back to the pan. Bring to a simmer, reduce the heat to mediumlow, and cover the pan.nTransfer the pan to the oven and cook until the lamb is fork tender, about 2 hours, turning the shanks halfway through.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl, whisk together the honey, Dijon and 14 teaspoon salt. Add the escarole and radicchio and toss well to coat. Arrange the bitter greens on a large serving platter.nWhen the lamb is tender, remove the shanks to the platter with the greens. Simmer the sauce until reduced slightly, an additional 10 to 15 minutes. Spoon some of the sauce over the lamb. Serve the remaining sauce on the side, for guests to help themselves. Finish the platter by grating some fresh horseradish over the lamb., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 pounds lamb shanks about 4 shanks, Kosher salt, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 onion, peeled and chopped, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 2 sprigs fresh oregano, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 cup fullbodied dry red wine, such as Barolo, 2 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 small head escarole, cleaned and chopped into 1inch pieces, 1 head radicchio, halved and chopped into 1inch pieces, Freshly grated horseradish, to finish], title: Braised Lamb Shanks with Escarole and Radicchio, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 9056: {instructions: Combine the sugar, cinnamon sticks, star anise pods, ginger and 1 12 cups water in a small pot. Bring to a boil, remove from the heat and let sit to cool to room temperature. Strain.nCombine the strained simple syrup, cold seltzer and lemon juice in a large pitcher. Stir and pour into glasses filled with ice., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 3 cinnamon sticks, 3 star anise pods, One 3inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced, 6 cups seltzer, chilled, 1 12 cups lemon juice from 6 to 8 lemons], title: Winter Spice Lemonade, picturelink: LxAJONm3YZKyGXPiqB1yyy9KMdUSWPe}, 9057: {instructions: Mix sausage, cheese, breadcrumbs, salt and pepper, and egg together in mixing bowl. Season to taste. Adjust mixture with additional cheese and bread crumbs if too dry or moist  medium moisture for stuffing desired. Make a radial slice around the top of the banana pepper leaving the top intact. Pull back top and remove seeds if desired. Gently stuff mixture into peppers. Place olive oil in hot saute pan. Gently place peppers in the pan and fry each side until browned. Place marinara sauce in middle of plate. Arrange peppers on top of marinara and grate the dry ricotta cheese on top of the hot peppers., ingredients: [1 pound hot ground Italian Sausage, roasted and chopped fine, 12 cup Locatelli Romano cheesee, 12 cup bread crumbs, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 large egg, Olive oil to saute, 4 banana peppers Hungarian hots or mild as preferred, 1 cup marinara sauce, heated for service, Wedge dry ricotta cheese], title: Stuffed Banana Peppers, picturelink: null}, 9058: {instructions: Chop and place romaine in a large salad bowl. Whisk together garlic, lemon juice, Dijon mustard and chili powder in a small bowl. Continue whisking while streaming in extravirgin olive oil. When dressing is combined, toss Romaine salad with dressing and garnish salad with broken tortilla chips, smoked cheddar and pepper Jack cheese. Season with salt and pepper and toss again, then serve.nYield: Preparation time: 5 minutes Cooking time: none Ease of preparation: easy, ingredients: [3 hearts romaine lettuce, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon prepared Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Blue corn, black bean or other tortilla chips, for garnish, 14 cup smoked cheddar and 14 cup pepper Jack, for garnish, optional], title: Southwestern Caesar Salad, picturelink: 49ZeWfvG99JwhYfm3uBME7emmF4aW}, 9059: {instructions: Special equipment: food processornIn a large pot, bring just enough water to cover the pasta to a boil.nIn a large skillet, combine the garlic, shallot, butter and seafood stock. Saute over mediumhigh heat until garlic and shallot have softened, about 5 minutes. Add the lobster meat, reduce heat to medium, and cook until the lobster meat is heated through and the stock mixture reduces slightly. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm over low heat.nSalt the boiling water and cook the noodles according to package directions. Once the noodles are tender, drain them into a colander, and then flatten them on a cutting board. Cut the ribbon edges off of the noodles and set aside.nToss the flattened noodles with the red pepper coulis, coating them well.nIn a small skillet, heat the olive oil over high heat and add the ribbon edges of the noodles to the oil. Fry the ribbons until they are browned and crispy, and then remove them to a paper towellined plate to drain.nRoast the red peppers directly over a gas flame on high heat, turning the pepper with tongs, until the skin is completely blackened. Place the peppers in a large sealed plastic bag, and allow the peppers to steam for 5 to 10 minutes so that the skin can be easily peeled off.nAfter peeling the skin, coarsely chop the pepper, removing the seeds and the inner membranes. In the work bowl of a food processor, pulse the shallots and garlic until they are finely minced. Add the tomatoes and seafood stock to the bowl, and then slowly drizzle the olive oil through the feeding tube of the processor while pureeing. Continue adding olive oil until the coulis achieves the desired consistency, not too runny. Season, to taste, with salt.nIn a mediumsized saute pan, toast the walnuts over medium heat until fragrant, approximately 5 minutes. Remove the walnuts from the pan, let cool for a few minutes, and place in the bowl of a food processor. Add the remaining ingredients to the bowl and blend them together until the puree becomes a smooth, thick paste. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve as a side sauce for the lobster., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 shallot, minced, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups seafood stock, 16 ounces fresh lobster meat, steamed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 10 to 12 lasagna noodles, Olive oil, for frying noodle ribbons, Red pepper coulis, recipe follows, MintPesto sauce, recipe follows, 2 red bell peppers, 2 shallots, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 to 3 plum tomatoes, 8 ounces seafood stock, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 14 cup walnuts, 1 bunch cilantro leaves, 3 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 bunch fresh mint leaves, 1 shallot, coarsely chopped, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Lobster Lasagna with a Red Pepper Coulis and MintPesto Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9060: {instructions: Toss the brown butter with the butternut squash. Roast the squash in a 425 degree F oven until just tender and brown on the edges, 10 to 15 minutes. Meanwhile, cook the farro in boiling, salted water, until just tender a slight chewiness is desirable in farro, about 10 minutes. Drain the farro, toss with olive oil and season lightly with salt and pepper. Set aside.nCombine the cranberries, brown sugar, vinegar, cinnamon, allspice and orange zest and juice in a saucepan. Cook over medium heat until the cranberries are bursting and their juices have slightly thickened, about 15 minutes.nWhen you are ready to serve the salad, place the farro in a large serving platter, scatter the roasted squash, mint, arugula and feta over top. Drizzle with the cranberry vinaigrette and some olive oil., ingredients: [3 tablespoons brown butter infused with a cinnamon stick during browning, melted, 1 butternut squash, peeled, seeded and diced, 2 cups farro, Salt, Extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups fresh cranberries, 2 cups brown sugar, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 oranges, zested and juiced, 1 bunch fresh mint, picked, washed and lightly torn, 2 cups fresh arugula, 1 cup crumbled French feta], title: Warm Farro Salad with Roasted Butternut Squash and Spiced Cranberry Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 9061: {instructions: Allow bread cubes to dry out overnight, or place in a 250 degree F oven until dried.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine sweetened condensed milk, egg substitute, butter, raisins, and cinnamon and whisk well. Add bread cubes and stir to coat. Pour mixture into a 2quart casserole dish and bake until a knife comes out clean, about 45 minutes.nWhile bread pudding is baking, combine sugar substitute and cornstarch in a food processor until well combined set aside. Remove bread pudding from heat and pour bourbon over top. Sprinkle the sugar mixture over top. Let cool slightly and then cut into pieces., ingredients: [4 cups cinnamon raisin bread cubes, 1 10ounce can nonfat sweetened condensed milk, 1 cup egg substitute, 2 tablespoons light butter, melted, 12 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 34 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 cup bourbon], title: Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 9062: {instructions: Bring a lot of salted water to a boil and parboil the turnips for 7 minutes add the garlic and boil 1 minute longer drain.nMelt 8 to 12 tablespoons of butter and cook the garlic and turnips, covered, over low heat for 5 minutes.nTransfer turnips and garlic to a food processor and puree until smooth, adding 4 more tablespoons butter with the machine turned on. Season well with salt and pepper and, if made in advance, reheat in a double boiler., ingredients: [4 pounds white turnips, peeled and cut into 12 inch pieces, 12 to 16 tablespoons butter, 1 head of garlic, peeled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: The Best Ever Turnips, picturelink: null}, 9063: {instructions: Cook 4 each sliced carrots and celery stalks in salted boiling water, 5 minutes. Add 1 12 cups frozen pearl onions cook 1 more minute, then drain. Cook 2 tablespoons each butter and sugar, and the juice from 12 lemon in a skillet until syrupy. Toss in the vegetables and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [Photograph by Antonis Achilleos], title: Glazed Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 9064: {instructions: Make the egg mixture for Perfect French Toast using 12 teaspoon ground ginger instead of nutmeg. Spread lemon curd on 4 thick slices brioche, top with blueberries, then another bread slice. Press together dip in the egg mixture, then fry and bake as directed. Top with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: LemonBerry French Toast, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 9065: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the ice cream, condensed milk, crushed ice, malt powder and molasses in a blender and blend until thick and smooth.nServe immediately in chilled glasses with straws and spoons., ingredients: [1 pint vanilla ice cream, 1 cup sweetened condensed milk, 1 cup crushed ice, 14 cup malt powder, 1 tablespoon molasses], title: Malted Milk Shakes, picturelink: M5dpRCd8fbFdsS8LGUj9x0J4a.u6S}, 9066: {instructions: In a bowl combine grilled vegetables, sesame seeds, sesame oil, mint. Transfer hot water to bowl that will fit the whole rice wrapper flat. Place one sheet of rice paper in water until softened. Place wrapper on plastic board or towel or wooden cutting board. Take a small amount of the greens and place on lower third of rice paper. Place about 1 12 T of vegetable mixture on greens. Place a few piece of pickled ginger over veggies. Roll up roll in spring roll fashion. Serve with Thai Chili Sauce.nDip rice paper wrappers into hot water. Place on counter top. Place lettuce and vegetables on wrapper, roll like a spring roll. Serve with Thai chili sauce.nIn a medium saucepan, over mediumhigh heat, combine rice vinegar and sugar. Cook until reduced to a syruplike consistency. Combine remaining ingredients to reduced liquid and mix well. Serve with summer rolls.nYield: 1 quart, ingredients: [1 package rice paper wrappers about 16, 1 quart hot water, 4 cups grilled vegetables eggplant, zucchini, onions, red bell peppers coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted, 13 cup pickled ginger, 2 cups mixed salad greens, 2 ounces fresh mint, Sweet Thai chili sauce, recipe follows, 2 1 quart bottles rice vinegar, 3 cups sugar, 1 red bell pepper, finely diced, 12 large red onion, diced, 1 12 tablespoons ginger, 34 cup cilantro or mint, finely chopped, 12 tablespoon garlic chili sauce], title: Grilled Vegetable Summer Rolls, picturelink: null}, 9067: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Roast the 2 whole jalapenos in a pie pan under the broiler, giving the peppers a quarter turn every 2 to 3 minutes, until blackened, about 6 minutes. Remove the stems and skins and discard the seeds or keep the seeds if you like your salsa extra hot. Chop the jalapenos.nIn a bowl, combine the jalapenos with the remaining ingredients. Place in the refrigerator for up to 12 hours for flavor infusion., ingredients: [4 jalapeno peppers 2 seeded and minced, 2 whole, 6 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 red bell pepper, finely diced, 12 red onion, finely chopped, 2 dried ancho chile peppers, seeded, cut into short strips and snipped into pieces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Juice of 1 lime, Chili powder, salt and pepper, to taste, Chopped fresh cilantro, parsley or scallions, to taste], title: Salsa with Ancho Chiles, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 9068: {instructions: Add ice to 4 tall highball glasses. Then top each glass with 2 maraschino cherries, 1 lemon and 1 orange slice.nFill a drink shaker with ice, and then add the limoncello, whiskey, orange juice and maraschino cherry juice. Shake vigorously for 10 seconds. Strain and pour into a pitcher. Add the sparkling water to the pitcher and gently stir. Pour into the prepared glasses and serve., ingredients: [Ice, 8 maraschino cherries, for garnish, 4 lemon slices, cut in half, for garnish, 4 orange slices, cut in half, for garnish, 4 ounces limoncello, such as Caravella, 2 ounces whiskey, such as Angels Envy, 2 ounces orange juice, 2 tablespoons maraschino cherry juice, 12 ounces sparkling water or club soda], title: Sunnys Fruity Limoncello Spritzer, picturelink: AecOwbx5ydJ.UXbwO9zhhBE7XL7ONS}, 9069: {instructions: Place the beans and water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, covered, until soft throughout, about 1 hour and 15 minutes. Remove from the heat.nFry the bacon in a medium skillet over low heat until golden. Spoon off excess fat. Add the onion and saute until lightly golden. Add the beans with their liquid, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Cook for 2 minutes longer. The mixture should remain thin and soupy. Keep warm. This may be prepared a day or 2 in advance and refrigerated. Reheat before serving.nTo flatten the steaks, coat four 15 x 12inch sheets of plastic or parchment paper with 12 teaspoon of the oil each. Sandwich each tenderloin, with the grain running vertically, between two sheets with the oiled side facing the meat. Flatten each one with the flat side of a heavy cleaver or mallet, using steady even sweeping strokes from the center out as you would roll pie dough, until the steak is a thin oval of about 14 x 10 inches. It will take about 5 minutes per steak.nPreheat a lightly oiled very large nonstick skillet or cast iron pan. Peel the paper off the steaks and season all over with salt and pepper. Sear, one at a time, in the hot pan 30 to 40 seconds per side. Coat each of two large serving plates platters would be great with the warm bean mixture. Top each with a hot steak.nPrepare the garnish by melting the butter in a small hot skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute the scallions and jalapenos with salt and pepper to taste and the lime juice for 1 minute. Sprinkle over the steaks. Serve immediately., ingredients: [13 cup dried black beans, washed and picked over, 2 cups water, 3 slices bacon, cut into 12inchwide strips, 12 onion, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 8ounce beef tenderloin fillets, 2 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 bunch scallions, white and light green parts, thinly sliced, 3 red jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded and julienned, Juice of 1 lime], title: Sabana, picturelink: null}, 9070: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Brush 2 tablespoons of olive oil over the bread slices. Grill the bread until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side.nStir the goat cheese, ricotta cheese, basil, lemon peel, and remaining 1 tablespoon of oil in a small bowl until smooth and creamy. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Spread the cheese mixture over the crostini. Arrange the toasts on a platter and serve., ingredients: [Salt and pepper, 24 12inchthick slices baguette bread, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 ounces soft fresh goat cheese, 14 cup whole milk ricotta cheese, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel], title: Crostini with Ricotta and Goat Cheese, picturelink: Ps2QnOlAHEuGAiOkGQWJ6PoyzhCSfuK}, 9071: {instructions: 2Mix 1 stick softened butter, 14 cup light brown sugar and 12 teaspoon each ground nutmeg, cinnamon and cloves until combined. Put the butter on a piece of plastic wrap and roll into a 1inchthick log wrap and chill 1 hour. Pour 3 cups apple cider into a slow cooker cover and heat on high for 1 hour. Divide 1 cup bourbon among 6 glasses. Top each with hot cider and a slice of the spiced butter.nIf you dont have a slow cooker, keep these drinks warm in a saucepan on the stovetop over low heat.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [], title: Buttered Apple Cider, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 9072: {instructions: Adjust the baking rack in the oven to the middle rack. Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Brush a half sheet pan with 1 tablespoon of the coconut oil.nHeat the remaining 14 cup coconut oil over medium heat in a small saucepan. Whisk in the cocoa powder, honey, sugar and salt and bring to a simmer. Cook, whisking constantly until smooth and the sugar is completely melted. Stir in the coconut and vanilla extracts. Keep warm.nCombine the oats, almonds and coconut chips in a bowl. Add the cocoa mixture and mix with a rubber spatula until the oat mixture is completely coated with the cocoa mixture. Transfer the mixture to the prepared sheet pan and press into an even layer. Bake for 50 minutes. Turn off the oven and let sit in the warm oven for 30 minutes longer. Remove to a baking rack and let cool.nIn a large bowl, break into pieces and toss together with the bittersweet and white chocolate chips., ingredients: [14 cup plus 1 tablespoon coconut oil, 13 cup bestquality cocoa powder such as Vahlrona or Callebaut, 14 cup clover honey, 14 cup granulated cane sugar, Pinch of fine sea salt, 18 teaspoon pure coconut extract, 18 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 12 cups oats, 12 cup raw whole almonds, coarsely chopped, 12 cup coconut chips, coarsely chopped, 14 cup bestquality bittersweet chocolate chips, 14 cup bestquality white chocolate chips], title: ChocolateCoconut Granola, picturelink: sKAht4H9ypsoWFHf9ZR..l..XlgmfO}, 9073: {instructions: Coat a large wide pan with olive oil. Add the onions, season with salt and crushed red pepper and bring the pan to a medium heat. Cook the onions until they are soft and very aromatic but have no color, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the tomatoes, 12 cup water, thyme bundle and season with salt. Cook the tomatoes until they become very pulpy and have broken apart, 15 to 20 minutes.nAdd the peppers and cook for 5 minutes. Add the eggplant, summer squash and zucchini, season with salt and cook until the squash is soft, 15 to 20 minutes.nStir in the basil and taste to make sure the seasoning is correct. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper, 4 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 3 large tomatoes, cut into 12inch dice, 1 small bundle fresh thyme, 1 red pepper, stems, seeds and pith removed and cut into 12inch dice, 1 medium eggplant, cut into 12inch dice, 1 large or 2 small summer squash, cut into 12inch dice, 1 large zucchini, cut into 12inch dice, 6 fresh basil leaves, cut into chiffonade], title: Ratatouille, picturelink: kY4j.2apss8heldvl93DNPIIMjXyIAe}, 9074: {instructions: Heat butter in a small saucepan. Add onion or shallots, and apple, cover and cook over low heat for 5 minutes or until tender. Add cooked broccoli, rice and broth, cover and simmer 5 minutes to reheat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve as is, or better yet, puree in blender. If thick, thin with water adjust seasoning., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup chopped onion or shallots, 12 apple, peeled and finely diced, 1 cup or more cooked broccoli, finely chopped, 2 cups broth or water, 14 to 12 cup cooked rice, Salt and pepper], title: Next Day Rice and Broccoli Soup, picturelink: null}, 9075: {instructions: In a wide bowl, whisk together the almond milk, sugar, cinnamon, salt and eggs. Put the crushed cornflakes in another shallow dish. Dunk the sliced bread in the egg mixture and soak about 45 seconds, turning once. Let the excess egg mixture drip off, then press the bread into the cornflakes. Turn and press on the second side, then set aside on a plate.nSet a large nonstick or castiron pan over medium heat. Set a rack over a baking sheet and preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Melt 1 tablespoon butter and add 2 pieces of the crusted bread. Cook gently until golden brown, then cook and brown on the second side, about 3 minutes per side. Reduce the heat if the bread begins to to brown too quickly. Remove the bread, set on the prepared baking sheet and transfer to the oven to keep warm. Add fresh butter to the pan and repeat with the remaining bread. Transfer to the oven for 2 minutes, then serve with maple syrup., ingredients: [1 cup unsweetened vanilla almond milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Pinch kosher salt, 3 large eggs, 3 cups cornflakes cereal, crushed, 4 pieces challah or Italian bread, sliced about 1inch thick, 2 tablespoons butter, plus more as needed, Warm maple syrup, for serving], title: Crunchy French Toast, picturelink: null}, 9076: {instructions: Make a base: Use flexible aluminum strips or very large cake ring to form a base. The base I made was 19inches in diameter. Place it on a parchment paper lined surface. Pour tempered dark chocolate inside the ring to form a 12inchthick layer. When the chocolate has set, remove the ring and peel off the parchment paper. Make a support pole: Roll a 35inch long piece of parchment paper into a cone that has a bottom diameter of 2 12 inches and tapers to a point. Tape it closed. This piece will support the mold so make sure it is long enough and thick enough to support the centerpiece you are making. Set the cone on end and fill with dark chocolate. When it is full, invert the cone over the bowl of chocolate allowing the excess chocolate to flow back into the bowl. Spin the cone so the chocolate inside is evenly coated. Let set. When the chocolate has set, repeat this step a few more times. You want the cone to be sturdy because the rest of the centerpiece will rest on this cone. Allow the chocolate cone to set until hard. Remove the parchment paper. Use a hot knife to trim the base of the cone so it is flat. Then use the knife to scar the bottom of the cone and the base. You want to make it somewhat textured so it will form a better seal to the base. Use tempered chocolate to glue the pole onto the base. Position it well so you can rest the molded chocolate against it.nMake the pails, fish, starfish, lobster, and claim shells: Tip: Alternate the molds using white, dark and milk chocolates to make a more interesting centerpiece. Use a ladle to fill a mold with chocolate. When it is full, empty it into the bowl of chocolate. The inside of the mold should be evenly coated with chocolate. Wipe the edge of the mold clean on the side of the bowl and place it upside down on a wire rack placed over a baking sheet. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the edge clean with a paring knife. When the chocolate sets, it shrinks or retracts from the sides of the mold. A clean edge will keep it from sticking and cracking as it shrinks. You can place the mold in the refrigerator for several minutes to help the chocolate to harden. Unmold. Repeat with as many shell or fish molds as you would like. To make the flowers and the leaves: Use a paintbrush to apply color to the inside of each flower and leaf mold where you are inspired to do so. Place white chocolate in a cornet and use it to fill each of the painted molds. Tap the molds on the surface to help the air bubbles escape. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the edge clean with a paring knife. When the chocolate sets, it shrinks or retracts from the sides of the mold. A clean edge will keep it from sticking and cracking as it shrinks. You can place the mold in the refrigerator for several minutes to help the chocolate to harden. Unmold. Repeat with as many flowers and leaves as you would like to make. If you use an airbrush, simply place a few drops of color in the receptacle of the airbrush and decorate the molded objects as you are inspired. If you want to paint the molded chocolate pieces, mix together a few tablespoons of the cocoa butter with a small amount of powdered food color. It will be easier if you use a yogurt machine to store and warm your paints. Use a paintbrush to paint each piece, applying color where you are inspired to do so. You can also apply color directly to the mold before filling it with chocolate. This works especially well for the chocolate flowers.nMake seaweed and sea grass: Make 2 cornets and fill 1 with tempered dark chocolate and the other with tempered white chocolate. Use the dark chocolate to draw some seaweed onto a sheet of parchment paper. Repeat the same technique using the white chocolate to paint randomly over the dark chocolate. Use this same technique to draw sea grass. When the chocolate sets, remove the parchment paper. Make the sun: Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered white chocolate over a sheet of acetate. Let the chocolate set slightly. Use a paring knife to cut the chocolate into a star or sun shape. The one I made was about 11 inches in diameter. When the chocolate is set, peel off the acetate. Paint the decoration as inspired. Make the chocolate curls: Use a block of white chocolate. Pull a vegetable peeler over the edge to create chocolate curls. Use the curls to decorate the base of the centerpiece and the cakes. Assemble: Use a hot sharp chefs knife or small round cutter to cut a hole in each beach pail so it can be placed in the support pole. To do this, heat the knife or cutter under very hot water and wipe it dry. If you have a blowtorch, you can also use that to heat the metal. Hold the knife blade against the side of the chocolate where you want to make the cut. Do not press on the knifecutter or the chocolate will break. Allow the heat of the metal to cut through the chocolate by melting it. Use more chocolate to glue the sunstar to the top of the support pole. Arrange the rest of the decorations as inspired to do so., ingredients: [5 pounds bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 2 pounds milk chocolate, tempered, 4 pounds white chocolate, tempered, Cocoa butter, Powdered food coloring as desired, Block white chocolate], title: Beach Toy Centerpiece, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 9077: {instructions: Special equipment: Special equipment: minimuffin pan, 6 drinking strawsnFor the cupcakes: Place a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a minimuffin pan with cupcake liners. In a large bowl, sift together the cocoa powder, flour, sugar, baking soda and salt. Add the egg, milk, water, oil and vanilla and mix with a wooden spoon or spatula until the batter is smooth. Divide the batter equally into the minimuffin cups, filling each cup about 23 full. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean, with no crumbs attached, about 18 minutes. Transfer the cupcakes to a wire rack and cool completely.nFor the whipped cream: In the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the heavy cream, mascarpone, powdered sugar and vanilla. Whip until the cream has soft peaks, about 2 minutes. Transfer 14 cup of the whipped cream into a piping bag and frost 6 of the cupcakes. Decorate the cupcakes with some of the sprinkles. Place the frosted cupcakes in the freezer and chill the rest of the whipped cream in the refrigerator while you make the shakes.nFor the shakes: In a blender, combine the ice cream, milk and cocoa powder and blend until smooth. Add the unfrosted cupcakes and pulse a few times to incorporate, then puree until the cupcakes are mixed well throughout. Pour the milkshakes into 6 glasses and top each with a dollop of whipped cream and a few more sprinkles. Push a straw through each frosted mini cupcake and insert the straws into the shakes., ingredients: [14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 13 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons water, 2 teaspoons safflower oil, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Sprinkles, for decorating, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, softened, 1 12 cups whole milk, 14 cup sweetened cocoa powder], title: Mini Cupcake Milkshakes, picturelink: null}, 9078: {instructions: Cut the stems off the mushrooms. Rinse briefly and dry them well with paper towels.nWrap each mushroom with the bacon strip halves. Use 2 if the cap is not completely covered. The bacon will stick to the mushrooms so there is no need for toothpicks.nIn a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat, saute the bacon wrapped mushrooms until the bacon is golden brown. Just as the bacon begins to crisp up a bit, add the BBQ sauce and toss until coated. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 8ounce package large button mushrooms, 1 pound package peppered bacon, room temperature, slices cut in 12, 4 tablespoons barbecue sauce], title: BBQ Bacon Wrapped Mushrooms, picturelink: jpCRi1mr14ObcVDDNszcVkMFIqtNPHO}, 9079: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8 by 8 by 2inch baking pan, and set aside. In a large bowl, combine flour, oats, brown sugar, and baking soda. Add butter, and blend with your fingertips until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Transfer 23 of the crumb mixture into prepared pan, and press into bottom and up sides. Spread date paste over bottom layer of the dough. Cover with remaining crumb mixture. Bake until golden brown, about 35 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack to cool completely. Invert onto a plate, then back onto a cutting board. Cut into 2inch squares. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 week.nPlace dates in small saucepan with 1 cup of water, lemon zest, and juice. Cook over medium heat until soft, about 12 minutes. Remove from heat, cool completely before using.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for pan, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups quickcooking oats, 1 cup packed lightbrown sugar, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Date Paste, recipe follows, 2 cups dates, pitted and diced, 1 lemon, juiced and zested, Pinch salt], title: Date Squares, picturelink: null}, 9080: {instructions: Rub salt and ground black pepper over both sides of the steak.nHeat a dry saute pan over high heat. When pan becomes very hot add butter, let melt, then add steaks. Turn steaks only once, and cook to desired degree of doneness approximately 3 minutes per side for mediumrare, depending on exact thickness.nAdd the Cognac to the pan, let sit for 5 seconds, and then light a match to it. Flame should burn out after approximately 10 seconds. If flame continues to burn, put it out by placing a lid on the pan.nRemove steak from pan, leaving the drippings in the pan, and reserve on a warm plate and cover with aluminum foil.nReduce heat to low and slowly stir Dijon and halfandhalf into the drippings. Add peppercorns. Stir and simmer for a couple of minutes until sauce becomes thick. Place steaks on warmed serving plates. Pour sauce over steak., ingredients: [1 teaspoon salt, 4 teaspoons fresh coarsely ground black pepper, 4 6ounce, 34inch thick tenderloin steaks, 1 tablespoon butter, 5 tablespoons Cognac, 3 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 23 cup halfandhalf or light cream, 3 tablespoons brined green peppercorns drained], title: Steak au Poivre, picturelink: null}, 9081: {instructions: In a large heavy sauce pan over moderate heat, melt butter, add cabbage and cook until wilted. Stir in onions and reserved liquid, the broth, the gravy, the beets and reserved liquid, the pot roast, the vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste. Simmer the soup, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes. Stir in the chopped dill. Ladle into warm bowls, spoon a dollop of sour cream onto each serving and garnish the soup with the dill sprigs., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup shredded cabbage, 34 pound roasted onions, peeled and chopped, reserving liquid, 3 12 cups beef broth, 1 cup pot roast gravy leftover, 1 pound roasted beets, peeled and julienned, reserving liquid, 2 cups diced pot roast, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, Garnish: sour cream and dill sprigs], title: Borscht, picturelink: null}, 9082: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the yogurt in a medium bowl. Grate the cucumber on a box grater and squeeze the grated cucumber with your hand to remove some of the liquid. Add it to the yogurt along with the sour cream, lemon juice, vinegar, dill, garlic, salt and pepper and stir. Serve with Toasted Pita Crisps.nHeat a gas grill or charcoal grill with coals. Brush the pita with olive oil and heat on both sides until toasted., ingredients: [Two 7ounce containers Greek yogurt recommended: Fage Total, 1 hothouse cucumber, unpeeled and seeded, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Toasted Pita Crisps, recipe follows, 8 pita breads, Good olive oil], title: Easy Tzatziki with Toasted Pita Crisps, picturelink: CZsROOV01kbo4ePpBf92zB2xbhS5vry}, 9083: {instructions: Rinse the turkey pieces and pat dry. Bring 4 quarts of water to a boil in a large pot, along with the onion, carrots, bay leaves, parsley, and salt and pepper. Simmer gently for 20 minutes. Add the turkey pieces and simmer for another 35 to 45 minutes, just until done. Turn off heat, and let turkey cool in the cooking liquid. Discard the skin and bones, shred meat into bitesized pieces, and reserve. Strain turkey stock and reserve.nInfuse the walnut oil with the paprika by heating the oil in a small saucepan until warm and stirring in the paprika. Leave mixture in a warm area near the stove.nPrepare the walnut sauce: Soak the bread in a little milk until soft, then squeeze it dry and set aside. Grind walnuts in a food processor or blender until fine. Place in a large bowl, and crumble the bread over the walnuts. Add the garlic, onion, paprika, cayenne, salt, and 2 cups of the strained turkey stock. Mix well, and then process in batches in food processor or blender until smooth. Adjust seasonings, adding more stock if necessary to thin sauce.nMix half of the sauce with the shredded turkey. Arrange the mixture on a serving platter, and pour the remaining sauce over it. Garnish with the walnut halves, and drizzle the walnutpaprika oil over the top. Serve room temperature., ingredients: [1 8 to 10pound turkey, cut into 8 pieces., 1 onion, quartered, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 bay leaves, 6 sprigs parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons walnut oil, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 slices French bread, crusts removed, Milk, 3 cups walnuts, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small onion, finely diced, 1 tablespoon paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt, Walnut halves, for garnish], title: Turkey in Walnut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9084: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt chocolate in double boiler over medium heat on stove top. Using tongs, or your fingers, quickly dip pretzels in chocolate allowing the excess to run off. Place dipped pretzels on waxed paper lined cookie sheets. Sprinkle with chopped nuts, colored sugars or other toppings. Allow to harden. You may need to refrigerate for a while to help this along. Once hardened, remove from sheets and store in a cool location, with waxed paper between layers.nTip: Package pretzels in clear cellophane bags or in vase for festive gift giving, ingredients: [2 bags chocolate chips dark or milk chocolate, 1 bag pretzels logs work well for this, but you can try any of the medium to thick variety of twists, Chopped nuts, for garnish, optional, Colored nonpareils, for garnish, optional, Sprinkles, for garnish, optional, Coconut, for garnish, optional, Crushed cookies, for garnish, optional], title: Chocolate Pretzels, picturelink: uYm06JathviLX8nl1voZSRE03HsUYtm}, 9085: {instructions: Heat a large castiron skillet or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the chiles and cook, pressing them down with a spatula, 10 seconds per side transfer to a plate. Add the tomatoes, onion and garlic to the skillet and cook, stirring once or twice, until the vegetables are charred in spots, about 10 minutes.nPeel the garlic and transfer to a blender along with the tomatoes and onion reserve the skillet. Tear the chiles into pieces and add to the blender along with 12 cup water and 1 teaspoon salt pulse until smooth. Strain the mixture through a finemesh sieve into the skillet, pressing it through with the back of a spoon.nAdd the beef to the skillet and turn to coat in the chile sauce using tongs. Cook over mediumhigh heat, turning occasionally, until a crust starts to form on the meat, about 10 minutes. Sprinkle in the cumin, cinnamon and cayenne pepper and cook 1 more minute. Meanwhile, puree 2 12 cups water, the cilantro and thyme in the blender add to the skillet along with the bay leaves.nReduce the heat to low. Cover and gently simmer until the meat is very tender, about 2 hours, adding up to 1 12 cups water if the sauce gets too thick. Remove the bay leaves and season with salt and black pepper. Serve in tortillas with assorted toppings.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [8 dried guajillo chiles, stemmed and seeded, 2 plum tomatoes, quartered, 1 small white onion, quartered, 8 cloves garlic, unpeeled, Kosher salt, 2 pounds beef chuck, cut into 1 to 2inch pieces, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves and stems, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 bay leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, Corn tortillas, warmed, and assorted toppings, for serving], title: Beef Barbacoa Tacos, picturelink: t9jBvOfEzq4mS5vOnnZMPqphcVojHue}, 9086: {instructions: Position oven racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.nWhile the puff pastry is still mostly frozen but somewhat pliable, unfold it onto a work surface and cut it into 3by34inch rectangles. If your puff pastry has seams, cut along these seams and then cut into rectangles. Transfer the rectangles to the prepared baking sheets, leaving about 14 inch of space between cookies.nWhisk the sugar, egg white and lemon juice together in a medium bowl until the sugar is fully incorporated and the mixture is thick but spreadable. Using a pastry brush or an offset spatula, evenly spread a thick layer of the sugar mixture onto each cookie, using all the sugar mixture.nBake the cookies, rotating the sheets back to front and top to bottom halfway through, until the pastry is puffed and golden brown and the sugar topping is golden and shiny, 10 to 14 minutes. Cool on the pans. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 package frozen puff pastry about 1 pound, slightly thawed, 1 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 large egg white, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice], title: Sugared PuffPastry Tea Cookies, picturelink: jdtH8x61M36Z9DYkPHamC1IQVP921S}, 9087: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour liquid ingredients into a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously. Strain into a martini glass and top with freshground nutmeg., ingredients: [Ice, 1 12 oz. vodka, 12 oz. DeKuyper Buttershots liqueur or butterscotch schnapps, 14 oz. real maple syrup, 1 oz. halfandhalf, Freshground nutmeg], title: Maple Butter Kiss, picturelink: VF3TKYGSgHJ0uFtudMgVSw90cWEnXm}, 9088: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nCombine dry ingredients and then wet. Mix, then knead by hand. Form into ping pong ball size pieces. Flatten, then poke hole in center. Form into bagel shapes. Bake for approximately 45 to 50 minutes.nCool. Serve. To garnish, spray finished bagels with water and sprinkle with sesame seeds, minced dried garlic or poppy seeds, ingredients: [12 cup wheat flour, 2 12 cups white flour, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 egg, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup chopped carrots, 12 cup chopped spinach, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 34 cup water, Garnishes: sesame seeds, minced dried garlic or poppy seeds], title: Garden Veggie Bagel Shmagel, picturelink: null}, 9089: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nUnroll pie crust and place on parchmentlined baking sheet. Spread grape jam over the pie crust leaving a 1inch border around the edges. Randomly place tablespoonsized dollops of ricotta over the grape jam. Fold in the edges of pie crust over the filling.nIn a small bowl, beat the egg and brush over pie crust. Randomly place the grapes flat side down onto the crust. Bake for 20 minutes until crust is golden and filling is puffed slightly. Remove to a wire rack, cool 10 minutes. When cool, dust with powdered sugar and cut into slices., ingredients: [1 pie crust recommended: Pillsbury, 1 12 cups grape jam or jelly, 1 cup wholemilk ricotta, 12 cup seedless grapes, sliced in half, 1 egg, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Grape and Ricotta Crostata, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 9090: {instructions: Bring water to a boil, season with salt and cook macaroni to al dente.nPreheat broiler and place rack in middle of the oven.nHeat the extravirgin olive oil in a sauce pot over medium heat, saute onions and garlic until soft, 6 to 7 minutes and stir in the thyme.nScoot onions off to side of pan and melt butter, whisk flour into butter and combine whisk 1 minute then whisk in stock and milk, season sauce with salt, pepper and nutmeg, and cook until thickened, about 3 to 4 minutes.nStir in butternut squash and a few dashes hot sauce. Reduce heat. When sauce comes to a bubble, stir in Parmigiano. Combine the sauce and macaroni, transfer to a casserole dish and top with shredded yellow Cheddar, chopped parsley and paprika. Brown the macaroni under broiler, 4 to 5 minutes until brown and bubbly., ingredients: [1 pound macaroni such as cassarecci, strozzopretti or ziti with lines, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose four, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 12 cups whole milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Nutmeg, grated to taste, 1 10ounce box frozen butternut squash, defrosted, A few dashes hot sauce, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 cup extrasharp yellow Cheddar, A handful fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika], title: Harvest Moon Macaroni, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 9091: {instructions: To the bottom of a almostempty jam or jelly jar, add the other ingredients and shake to combine. Or, whisk together all the ingredients in a salad bowl, streaming in the EVOO. Toss with lettuce and vegetables and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 rounded tablespoon orange marmalade, seedless raspberry, grape or strawberry jam or jelly  scrape the bottom of the jar, 2 teaspoons Dijon or spicy mustard, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar or juice of 1 lemon, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 8 cups chopped greens and any vegetables you have on hand, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Bottom of the Jar Jam Vinaigrette with Chopped Greens, picturelink: null}, 9092: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add mushrooms, onions, and garlic. Saute until mushrooms are browned, about 5 to 6 minutes.nStir in red pepper flakes and saute for 1 more minute. Add chicken stock and Worcestershire sauce, remove from heat and allow to cool.nIn a large bowl, combine egg, panko, blue cheese, and mushroom mixture. Fold in turkey and combine. Dont over work or the meatloaf will be tough.nShape into a long rectangular loaf directly on a sheet tray. Spoon tomato sauce on top of the loaf and shingle sliced shallots down the top. Bake for 1 hour and 10 minutes, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces mushrooms, finely chopped, 1 large Vidalia onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Pinch red pepper flakes, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 6 ounces crumbled blue cheese, 2 pounds ground turkey, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 1 shallot, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Ginas Turkey Meatloaf, picturelink: .kpdQ3VTDicdkgBq.tULkYSqVnmbdOi}, 9093: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the meatloaf: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPour the milk over the bread and allow it to soak in for several minutes. Place the ground beef, milksoaked bread, Parmesan, salt, some pepper, seasoned salt and parsley in a large mixing bowl. Pour in the eggs. With clean hands, mix the ingredients until well combined.nForm the mixture into a loaf shape on a foillined broiler pan, which will allow the fat from the meat to drain.nLay the bacon slices over the top, tucking them underneath the meatloaf to give the meatloaf some support.nNext, make the tomato sauce: Pour the ketchup into a bowl. Add the brown sugar and dry mustard, and splash in the hot sauce and Worcestershire sauce. Stir the mixture until well combined. Pour onethird of the sauce over the top of the meatloaf.nBake for 45 minutes, and then pour over another onethird of the remaining tomato sauce over the meatloaf. Bake for an additional 20 to 25 minutes the meatloaf should be no longer pink in the middle. Allow to sit 10 minutes before serving.nServe with the remaining tomato sauce on the side as a dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 6 bread slices, 2 pounds ground beef, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon seasoned salt, such as Lawrys, 14 to 12 cup minced flatleaf parsley, 4 eggs, beaten, 8 to 12 thin bacon slices, 12 cup ketchup, 6 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, Dash or 2 hot sauce more if you like, Dash or 2 Worcestershire sauce], title: Meatloaf, picturelink: H33GNKe4K.fB5vt3X.zSzVkkGSt66ue}, 9094: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring cherry juice, about 1 cup, to a boil over moderate high heat. Whisk in sugar and cornstarch in lemon juice to create a slurry. To juice, add slurry and let thicken 1 to 2 minutes. Add cherries and stir 1 minute longer. Remove from heat. Ladle cherries in cherry sauce on dessert plates and top with ice cream. Slivered almonds and amaretti cookies make a nice finishing touch., ingredients: [1 15ounce can black pitted cherries, drained, juice reserved, 1 tablespoon each sugar and cornstarch, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Neapolitan ice cream, Slivered almonds, optional, Italian amaretti cookies, 2 per person, optional], title: Neapolitan Ice Cream with Cherry Sauce, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 9095: {instructions: In a large bowl, add a pinch of sugar to the warm water. Sprinkle the yeast over the top and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. Stir to dissolve yeast. Beat in the remaining sugar, salt, shortening, cold water, and egg until well blended. On low speed, beat in 2 cups of flour and beat for 2 minutes. Beat in enough of the remaining flour, 12 cup at a time, to make soft dough. Place the dough in a wellgreased bowl and turn to coat the dough. Cover with a towel and let rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 12 hours.nPunch the dough down and refrigerate for 2 hours. The dough will almost double in bulk. Grease 2 9inch cake pans. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface. Pull off pieces of the dough, about a 14 cup each and shape into 24 rolls. Place 12 rolls, sides touching in each of the 2 prepared pans. Brush with butter. Let rise in a warm place for 1 hour or until doubled.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F. Bake the rolls until well browned on the top, about 15 minutes. Transfer the pan to wire racks to cool for 5 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, plus a pinch, 12 cup warm water 105 to 115 degrees F, 2 packages active dry yeast, 2 teaspoons salt, 13 cup solid vegetable shortening, 1 cup cold water, 1 egg, well beaten, 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons butter, melted], title: Yeast Rolls, picturelink: DIVj0akkaQRjyQ.9EEGZ1mPLOFhWlX2}, 9096: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and prepare 3 cookie sheets with silicone mats or nonstick sprayed parchment paper.nIn a mixer with a whisk attachment, mix shortening and egg yolk for 3 to 4 minutes or until airy. Then add sugar, orange liquor, bourbon and salt, mixing again for 2 to 3 minutes until well mixed. Remove from mixer. Then in a bowl, combine flour and baking soda, whisking until well mixed. Once flourbaking soda is mixed, add sugarshortening and mix well until all flour has been evenly mixed into sugar liquid. After mixing, allow mixture to sit in refrigerator for 10 to 15 minutes.nAfter cooling, roll dough out to 14inch thickness with a rolling pin on a clean flour counter. Cut into desired cookie shapes, then repeat process until all dough is cut. Next, place cookies on prepared cookie sheets 3 to 4 inches apart.nFinally blend cinnamon, ginger, and brown sugar in a small bowl until well mixed. Then brush cookie with the whisked egg and finish with topping, spreading evenly. Then bake for about 15 minutes or until done.nFinish with powdered sugar, serve with eggnog and enjoy., ingredients: [1 14 cup shortening, 1 egg yolk plus 1 egg, whisked, 23 cup sugar, 14 cup orange liqueur, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 13 teaspoon salt, 3 13 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 13 cup light brown sugar, Powdered sugar, optional, Eggnog, for serving], title: Orange Bourbon Ginger Cookies, picturelink: lghrUo.QT9WzA6KPfIOe4cT6lGNjvgS}, 9097: {instructions: In a saute pan over medium heat, add olive oil, shallots, garlic, oregano, basil and anchovy fillets. Sweat about 30 seconds, until anchovies begin to break down. Add capers and olives and saute 1 minute. Deglaze with white wine, add clam juice, let reduce by 13. Add plum tomatoes and thoroughly incorporate. Add marinara sauce. Season, to taste.nIn separate pot, bring 1 12 gallons of water to boil. Season water generously with salt. When water is at a rapid boil, add linguini, stir so there is no clumping. Cook until al dente, about 4 to 5 minutes.nAdd cooked pasta to puttanesca sauce and toss. Garnish with freshly chopped parsley., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon minced shallots, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried basil, Anchovy fillets, medium chop, 12 cup large capers, rinsed of brine, 1 cup pitted gaeta or kalamata olives, 12 cup dry white wine, 14 cup fresh clam juice, 2 cups plum tomato, medium diced, 2 cups marinara sauce, 1 12 pounds linguini, Salt and pepper, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Linguini Puttanesca, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 9098: {instructions: Drizzle chocolate sauce on a chilled martini glass. Add White Godiva Vodka, Baileys Irish Cream, Peppermint Schnapps and half and half. Garnish with a miniature candy cane or chocolate shavings., ingredients: [chocolate sauce, 2 oz. White Godiva Vodka, 2 oz. Baileys Irish Cream, 12 oz. Peppermint Schnapps, 12 oz. half and half], title: Christmas Cookie Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 9099: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine milk, evaporated milk, cream, and sugar. Heat over medium until steaming, but do not boil.nPlace the yolks in a medium bowl, then whisk in 13 hot milk mixture. Transfer the eggmilk mixture back to saucepan and return to medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly, until mixture coats the back of a spoon, about 12 minutes.nSet a medium bowl in a bowl of ice water, then pour the custard into the empty bowl. Let the mixture stand, stirring occasionally, until cool, about 45 minutes. Transfer the custard to a blender with peanut butter and 1 12 teaspoons salt blend until smooth.nTransfer the custard to a gelato machine and freeze according to manufacturers instructions, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [34 cup whole milk, 34 cup evaporated milk, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 cup sugar, 5 large egg yolks, 12 cup natural peanut butter, Kosher salt], title: Salted Peanut Gelato, picturelink: null}, 9100: {instructions: Position 1 oven rack in the center and the second rack on the bottom of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Sprinkle the cornmeal over 2 rimless baking sheets. Roll out each piece of Pizza Dough into a 10 to 11inch round. Transfer 1 dough to each prepared baking sheet.nSpoon the Marinara Sauce over the dough, dividing equaling and leaving a 1inch border around each pizza. Sprinkle the cheeses over the sauce. Arrange the pineapple pieces in a single layer over the cheeses. Sprinkle with the ham. Bake the pizzas until the crusts are crisp and brown on the bottom and the cheese is melted on top, about 12 minutes. Cut the pizza into wedges and serve immediately.nMix the warm water and yeast in a small bowl to blend. Let stand until the yeast dissolves, about 5 minutes. Mix the flour and salt in a food processor to blend. Blend in the oil. With the machine running, add the yeast mixture and blend just until the dough forms. Turn the dough out onto lightly floured surface and knead until smooth, about 1 minute. Transfer the dough to a large oiled bowl and turn the dough to coat with the oil. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm draftfree area until the dough doubles in volume, about 1 hour. Punch the down dough and divide into 2 equal balls.nIn a large casserole pot, heat the oil over a mediumhigh flame. Add the onions and garlic and saute until the onions are translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the celery, carrots, and 12 teaspoon of each salt and pepper. Saute until all the vegetables are soft, about 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes and bay leaves, and simmer uncovered over low heat until the sauce thickens, about 1 hour. Remove and discard the bay leaf. Season the sauce with more salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon yellow cornmeal, Two 8ounce pieces of homemade or purchased Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 34 cup homemade or purchased Marinara Sauce, recipe follows, 1 13 cups grated pasteurized mozzarella, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 4 canned pineapple slices, coarsely chopped, 4 thin slices cooked ham, coarsely chopped, 12 cup warm water 105 to 110 degrees F, 2 teaspoons dry yeast, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 small onions, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and finely chopped, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Two 32ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 2 dried bay leaves], title: Pizza with Pineapple and Ham, picturelink: null}, 9101: {instructions: For the ranchero sauce: On a gas range or under a broiler, roast the green, red and poblano peppers until well charred. Let cool. Stem and seed the charred peppers. Coarsely chop and set aside.nIn a spice grinder or with a mortar and pestle, finely grind the whole guajillo and pasilla chiles and set aside.nIn a large saucepan, warm the oil over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, covered, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the guajillo and pasilla chiles, cumin, chili powder, oregano, thyme, black pepper, salt and garlic. Stir and cook until the spices become fragrant and are fully coated in oil, 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd the tomatoes, green chiles and sugar. Stir and continue to cook until the sauce starts to simmer. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and continue to cook until the vegetables soften and the flavors come together, 30 to 40 minutes. Taste and add additional salt and pepper as needed.nFor the ranchero chicken: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a small Dutch oven or medium sized roasting pan combine the chicken, stock, salt, chili powder, cumin, garlic powder and lime juice with 2 cups of the ranchero sauce. Reserve remaining ranchero sauce for another use. Stir and top with the lid or seal well with aluminum foil and braise in the oven, 2 12 hours. Remove from the oven and let cool enough to handle the chicken.nShred the chicken with two forks or your hands. Strain the braising liquid and add the strained solids back in with the shredded chicken. Reserve enough liquid to moisten the mixture. Return to the pan and keep warm in a low oven until ready to serve.nFor the tostada shells: Meanwhile, line a baking sheet with paper towels. In a small frying pan, heat 12inch oil until hot. Add 1 tortilla and cook, flipping once a minute, until crispy and golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to the paper towels and repeat with remaining tortillas.nServe the chicken on the tostada shells and top with avocado and queso fresco., ingredients: [1 green bell pepper, 1 red bell pepper, 1 poblano pepper, 1 dried guajillo chile, 1 dried pasilla chile, 3 tablespoons olive oil or vegetable oil, 3 medium Spanish onions, coarsely chopped, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 6 to 8 garlic cloves, sliced, Two 28ounce cans chopped tomatoes, Two 6ounce cans chopped green chiles, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 pounds skinless boneless chicken thighs, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ancho chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 ounce fresh squeezed lime juice, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 6 to 8 corn tortillas, Avocado slices, for serving, Grated queso fresco, for serving], title: Braised Ranchero Chicken, picturelink: null}, 9102: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dough: Mix the bread flour and 1 cup water in the mixing bowl of a stand mixer with a hook attachment until firm. Take the dough out of the bowl, completely wrap in plastic wrap and let rest for 1 hour.nPress the dough as thin as possible with a rolling pin. Apply oil to the surfaces and roll the dough into a salamishaped roll about 3 inches thick. When done, wrap in plastic wrap and keep in the refrigerator overnight.nFor the filling: Put 4 cups water in a pot and bring to a boil. Add the semolina and mix until thoroughly firm and cooked. When the semolina is cool, put in the mixing bowl of a stand mixer and add the cinnamon oil. Mix at speed 2 and add the eggs one at a time. Add the ricotta and custard cream and mix thoroughly. Add the sugar, little by little while mixing thoroughly. If mixture is still extremely firm, add a couple more eggs.nTo assemble: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the salami roll into 14inch discs. Each disc should be smoothed out between your palms. Using an ice cream scooper, fill the middle of the disc with filling and fold over into the shape of a clam shell. Put on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown and crispy, about 1 hour.nThis recipe was provided by a professional chef or restaurant and makes a large quantity. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 34 pounds bread flour, Vegetable oil, 1 pound semolina flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon oil, 15 eggs, 1 14 pounds ricotta, 34 pound custard cream, 12 pound sugar], title: Sfogliatella, picturelink: UcL00B9DNSChmC9ZeHgfmKb1YE8WzQm}, 9103: {instructions: Toss 2 cups cubed raisinwalnut bread with 2 tablespoons melted butter. Bake at 400 degrees F until crisp, 12 to 15 minutes. Puree 14 cup each mayonnaise, sour cream, buttermilk, sliced scallions, chopped dill and chopped mint, and 14 teaspoon kosher salt in a blender. Toss 2 chopped romaine hearts with the dressing, 12 cup candied pecans and the croutons. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Ranch Salad with Candied Pecans, picturelink: kYN6CdKOlua.nP7.t3YhXoShAAJwNHC}, 9104: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Brush Bolillo with oil. Broil until toasted. Rub with cut side of garlic. Spread mayonnaise over. Spread beans over one half of Bolillo. Sprinkle with cheese. Top with roasted pepper strips, olives and avocado. Arrange lettuce and tomatoes over. Press Bolillo over and serve., ingredients: [1 Bolillo, split lengthwise, Olive oil, 1 garlic clove, halved, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 12 cup refried beans, 12 cup grated Manchego cheese, 12 Poblano chile, roasted, peeled, seeded, julienned, 12 red bell pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded, julienned, 4 black or green olives, pitted, sliced, 14 avocado, peeled, thinly sliced, Shredded lettuce and tomato slices], title: Vegetarian Torta, picturelink: null}, 9105: {instructions: Place the yolks in a medium, heatproof bowl. Gradually whisk in the sugar and whisk until the mixture is thick enough to form a thick ribbon when the whisk is lifted, about 2 minutes. Beat in the Muscat and orange zest. Place the bowl over a pot of simmering water. Whisking constantly, cook until the sabayon is warm and doubles in volume, about 8 minutes. Pour into 4 wine glasses. Refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour. To serve, spoon the berries over each serving, and garnish with a mint sprig., ingredients: [4 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup Muscat de BeaumesdeVenise, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 1 14 cups mixed fresh berries, such as blueberries, raspberries, and blackberries, 4 mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Sabayon of Muscat de Beaumes de Venise with Fresh Berries, picturelink: null}, 9106: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease 13 by 9 by 2inch pan. In a large pot cover potatoes with water. Boil until skin cracks and potatoes are not mushy. While potatoes are still hot, peel of the skin. In a large saucepan melt butter and add about 2 tablespoons of olive oil and onions, saute until soft and transparent. Add the basil and the parsley. Mash the potatoes and add onion mixture. Stir with a wooden spoon. Stir in Parmesan cheese a little at a time. Add eggs and pepper. Taste and add salt if necessary. sometimes salt isnt necessary because cheese has salty taste Crust: Put flour in a large bowl. Make a well in the flour. In the center add egg yolks and salt, then add oil. Mix with fingers. Add cold water, a little at a time, and work with your fingers. Start kneading the dough for about 10 minutes until it blisters. Roll out on a floured board. Dough will be very hard. Roll out to a rectangular shape. Lay the dough in the pan with edges hanging over the sides. Make sure the pan is greased with butter. Pour potato mixture into the pastry shell, spread the mixture evenly, fold over dough that was hanging over the sides the center will be exposed. Beat egg with a little water and brush over the top. Bake in oven for 45 minutes.nCut into squares and serve warm., ingredients: [5 pounds red potatoes, 1 12 sticks sweet butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 large onions, diced, Pinch dried basil, 12 cup parsley, chopped, 12 pound aged Parmesan cheese, grated, 4 eggs, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 cups flour, 2 egg yolks, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup cold water, 1 egg, slightly beaten], title: Fran Mcgoverns Torte, picturelink: null}, 9107: {instructions: Heat oven to 350F. Spray 9inch round 2quart glass baking dish or casserole with nonstick cooking spray. Cut 5 of the tortillas in half. Cut remaining tortillas into 2 12inchwide strips. In large bowl, combine chicken, rice, 1 cup of the cheese, beans and 1 cup of the enchilada sauce mix well. Layer 4 tortilla halves in bottom of sprayed baking dish. Top with 14 cup enchilada sauce and half of the chicken mixture. Top with 2 tortilla halves fill in empty spaces with 3 tortilla strips. Spoon corn over tortillas. Spread salsa over corn. Layer with 2 tortilla halves and 3 strips. Top with remaining half of chicken mixture. Continue layering with remaining 2 tortilla halves and strips, enchilada sauce, cheese and 2 tablespoons green onions. Bake at 350F. for 35 to 45 minutes or until mixture is thoroughly heated and cheese is melted. Cool 5 minutes. Top with sour cream and green onions., ingredients: [1 11.5oz. pkg. 8 tortillas Old El Paso Flour Tortillas for Burritos, 2 cups cubed cooked chicken, 12 cup uncooked instant white rice, 8 oz. 2 cups shredded reducedfat Monterey Jack cheese, 1 15oz. can Progresso Black Beans, drained, rinsed, 1 19oz. can Old El Paso Red Enchilada Sauce, 1 cup Green Giant Frozen Shoepeg White Corn, thawed, 1 cup Old El Paso Thick n Chunky Salsa, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced green onions, Reducedfat sour cream, if desired, Chopped green onions, if desired], title: Speedy Layered Chicken Enchilada Pie, picturelink: null}, 9108: {instructions: In a blender combine ginger, yogurt, orange juice and the frozen peaches. Blend until smooth., ingredients: [1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated, 2 cups plain yogurt, 34 cup orange juice, 2 cups sliced frozen peaches], title: Peach Power Up, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 9109: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, mix panko, 14 teaspoon tarragon, 14 teaspoon rosemary, and 14 teaspoon thyme. Set aside.nIn a food processor, grind together paprika, cayenne pepper, celery salt, garlic powder, onion powder, oregano, 18 teaspoon rosemary and 18 teaspoon thyme. Add mayonnaise and pulse until well combined. Lightly coat the tuna steak with the mayonnaise mixture and then coat the tuna steak in the panko mixture.nMelt butter in a skillet over mediumheat. Add tuna to hot pan and sear on each side for approximately 2 12 minutes each or until golden brown.nMeanwhile, in a small skillet, combine all sauce ingredients and reduce over low heat until thickened to a sauce consistency.nCut a thick wedge of avocado and then slice it to make a fan shape. Spread avocado fan across plate. Place the tuna steak in the center of the plate, pouring shoyu sauce around and on top of it. Garnish with the green onions, tomato concasse, and lemon slice., ingredients: [4 tablespoons panko Japanese bread crumbs, 14 teaspoon dried tarragon, 14 teaspoon dried rosemary, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 116 teaspoon celery salt, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 18 teaspoon onion powder, 18 teaspoon dried oregano, 18 teaspoon dried rosemary, 18 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 7 ounces tuna steak, 1inch thick, Butter, for pan, 1 tablespoon shoyu recommended: Kikkoman, 1 teaspoon sake, 14 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon lemon juice, 18inch lemon slice, 1 avocado, peeled, 1 ounce green onions, cut into 14inch pieces, 1 tomato, concasse see Cooks Note, 1 lemon, sliced], title: Cajun Crusted Ahi in SaketoMe Shoyu Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9110: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F with a rack set in the top. Place a baking sheet on the rack to heat up.nWhisk together 1 cup of the maple syrup and the chipotles in a bowl. Season with salt.nPlace the chicken drumsticks and thighs in a large bowl and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Add half of the melted butter and toss the chicken to coat. Remove the hot baking sheet from the oven and carefully place the chicken on the baking sheet, skinside up for the thighs. Bake until the skin is golden brown and crispy and the internal temperature on an instantread thermometer registers 160 degrees F, 20 to 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the waffles. Preheat a 6 12inch waffle iron to mediumhigh heat. Whisk together the flour, grits, baking powder and 14 teaspoon salt in a mixing bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together the milk, egg and the remaining melted butter and maple syrup. Slowly mix the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients, stirring until just combined.nSpray the hot waffle iron with the cooking spray. Pour 12 cup of the batter in the center of the waffle iron, close the lid and cook until golden brown and cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer the cooked waffle to a plate. Continue cooking waffles with the remaining batter, spraying between batches, making 4 waffles total.nTo serve, place a waffle on a large plate. Top each waffle with a drumstick and thigh. Drizzle all over with the chipotle maple syrup, serving any remaining syrup on the side., ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 1 tablespoon finely chopped chipotle in adobo about 2 chipotle chiles, Kosher salt, 4 chicken drumsticks about 1 pound, 4 bonein, skinon chicken thighs about 1 pound, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup quick cooking grits, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup milk, 1 large egg, Nonstick cooking spray, Special equipment: 6 12inch waffle iron], title: Butter Roasted Chicken with Grit Waffles, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 9111: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition an oven rack in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray a 7 by 10 34inch nonstick baking pan with vegetable cooking spray. Lay a 6 by 18inch piece of parchment paper in the pan, allowing the excess paper to overhang the sides. Spray the parchment paper lightly with cooking spray.nIn a medium bowl, combine the cookie dough, 12 of the chopped chocolatetoffee candy pieces and vanilla extract. Using damp fingers, gently press the dough into the prepared pan. Using the tines of a fork, prick the dough all over. Bake for 12 to 14 minutes until the crust is lightly browned. Cool for 15 minutes.nPlace the chocolate chips and vegetable oil in a medium bowl. Place the bowl over a pan of simmering water and stir until the chocolate has melted. Cool the chocolate mixture for 10 minutes. Whisk in the mascarpone cheese until the mixture is smooth. Using a spatula, spread the chocolate mixture over the cooled crust. Sprinkle the remaining chocolatetoffee candy pieces and sliced almonds over the chocolate mixture. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours until the chocolate layer is firm.nPeel off the parchment paper and cut into 1 12 by 2inch bars. Serve at room temperature.nCooks Note: To toast almonds, arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F oven for 8 to 10 minutes until lightly browned., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 1 pound refrigerated sugar cookie dough recommended: Pillsbury, 2 1.4ounces chocolatetoffee candy bars, coarsely chopped, divided recommended: Skor, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips recommended: Ghirardelli, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 cup 8 ounces mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted  see Cooks Note], title: Mascarpone Chocolate Toffee Bars, picturelink: L5UfQbsXubEJGT02UROjB9cm1QQ4cu}, 9112: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 pounds wood chips of choice, soaked recommended hickory, pecan or applewoodnPreheat the grill on high.nChicken: Poke 6 to 10 holes with a screwdriver through the top of 1 aluminum pan, and put the water soaked chips in bottom of second aluminum pan and top with a wire roasting rack. Put the pan with soaked chips on the preheated grill until a solid burn occurs, about 15 to 20 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumhigh. In a large bowl blend all the seasonings with the grapeseed oil. Toss the chicken with the blended seasoning, arrange on the rack in the smoker and cover with the aluminum pan with the holes. Smoke the chicken until an instantread thermometer registers 160 degrees F when inserted into the thickest part of the chicken, about 35 to 40 minutes. Remove the chicken to a cutting board and let cool. After cooling, remove the skin, and shred the smoked breast by hand. Discard the bones.nBisque: In a medium saucepan, over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter and add the celery and onions, stirring throughout until the onions are translucent. Add the flour, and stir with a wooden spoon until the flour and butter become a paste pan roux. Reduce the heat and add the stock, milk and cream. Cook until the mixture has thickened, about 20 minutes. Add the parsley, shrimp, garlic and shredded chicken and continue cooking for 10 minutes over low heat. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Ladle into serving bowls and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds wood chips of choice, soaked recommended hickory, pecan or applewood, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper blend, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 4 10 to 12ounce bonein chicken breasts, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 celery ribs, chopped, 14 cup chopped onions, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups shrimp stock, 12 cup milk, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 12 pound cooked bay shrimp 5060 count, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Chicken and Shrimp Bisque, picturelink: null}, 9113: {instructions: Special equipment: Standard loaf pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Toss in the apples and stir to coat them with the butter. Add the lemon juice and the apple cider. Cook until the apples have softened and the cider has reduced by half. Transfer the mixture to a food processor and pulse into a coarse paste. Reserve.nIn a large mixing bowl combine the flour, cinnamon, baking soda, nutmeg, both of the sugars and a pinch of salt. Make a well in the dry ingredients and add the pureed apples, the egg and vanilla. Stir to combine. Toss in the walnuts and raisins.nButter and flour a loaf pan. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and put it in the preheated oven. Bake until a toothpick, inserted in the center comes out clean, about 40 to 45 minutes.nRemove the pan from the oven and let cool for 10 minutes. Remove the cake from the pan and cool completely.nCut the cake in half equatorially and spread half of the icing on the bottom layer. Replace the top half and ice the top of the cake, leave the sides bare. Slice and serve.nBeat together all of the ingredients in a stand mixer or with a hand mixer until light and fluffy., ingredients: [12 stick butter, plus extra for loaf pan, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled and cored, cut into 12inch dice and tossed with a little lemon juice, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 cup apple cider, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for loaf pan, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 3 or 4 grates fresh nutmeg about 12 teaspoon, 34 cup brown sugar, 34 cup sugar, Pinch kosher salt, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup toasted and chopped walnuts, 12 cup golden raisins, Cream Cheese Icing, recipe follows, One 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 stick butter, at room temperature, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Apple Spice Cake with Cream Cheese Icing, picturelink: clniMpUh95XxmkeaSXSieGZBnimNnC}, 9114: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nBrush the pizza crust on both sides with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Place crust directly onto the middle rack of the oven and bake for 10 minutes.nWhile the crust is cooking, break the eggs into a bowl and add the reserved spinach liquid. Whisk them well and season them with salt and pepper. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil to a 10inch skillet and heat over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the dry spinach, breaking up the pieces, and heat through, about 2 minutes. Scrape the vegetable mixture into the eggs and beat it well to distribute the spinach evenly. Turn the heat down to low and pour the egg mixture back into the pan. Gently stir the eggs until they are just set and still moist, about 3 to 4 minutes.nSpread the egg mixture evenly onto the baked pizza crust and top with the cheese. Return to the oven until the cheese is melted and lightly browned, about 1 minute. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 prepared thin pizza crust about 10 ounces, such as Boboli, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 large eggs, 1 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, cooked and squeezed dry, reserving 1 tablespoon of the liquid, 1 cup chopped onion, about 1 medium onion, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup shredded Cheddar], title: Breakfast Pizza, picturelink: bclAHvxoBQsbDtPTLrSC0D2onW9tCa}, 9115: {instructions: Thinly slice garlic and in a small heavy saucepan cook in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until pale golden, about 3 minutes. Remove pan from heat and transfer oil with garlic to a glass measuring cup to cool. Garlic will continue to brown as it cools.nCut tomatoes into wedges and toss together in a serving dish. Season tomatoes with salt and pepper and drizzle with garlicoil mixture., ingredients: [3 large garlic cloves, 12 cup olive oil, 3 pounds assorted heirloom tomatoes], title: Heirloom Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 9116: {instructions: If vanilla bean is whole, slice down side of bean with back of knife and scrape seeds into airtight container with the sugar. Bury bean in sugar and seal tightly with lid. Let sit for 1 to 2 weeks. Use as regular, granulated sugar., ingredients: [1 vanilla bean, whole or scraped, 2 cups granulated sugar], title: Vanilla Sugar, picturelink: null}, 9117: {instructions: Slice the bread, cutting through the bottom crust only every other cut, to form a pocket of two thin slices of bread connected at the base with the crust. With a mixer, blend the almond paste with 14 cup of the cheese until smooth. Add the remainder of the cheese and mix well. Stir in the grapes with a spoon so they are not bruised. Set aside.nWhisk together the eggs, milk, sugar and salt in a pie plate or shallow dish.nIn a small saucepan, melt together the marmalade and the water. Simmer until just syrupy. Keep warm.nSpoon a good amount of the grape filling into the prepared bread pockets, smooth to the edges and press lightly to flatten. Continue with the remaining bread and filling.nHeat a griddle to medium heat and lightly grease with butter or oil. Dip bread in the egg mixture and turn to coat lightly. Fry the French toast slowly, about 4 minutes per side, until golden brown on the outside and just warmed through. Keep finished toast warm in a 200u00b0F oven while cooking the remaining toast. Serve warm with syrup and a sprinkling of almonds, if desired., ingredients: [8 oz. Neufchatel cheese., 1 cup quartered red California seedless grapes, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups milk, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 long baguette or dayold artisan bread, 14 cup almond paste, Pinch salt optional, 2 teaspoons butter or vegetable oil for frying, 12 cup orange marmalade, 1 cup water, 14 cup toasted almonds optional], title: Grapestuffed French Toast, picturelink: HZ6mZkoiGj9yLq2FaNBxgNd8Jqv.ZG}, 9118: {instructions: Combine 2 tablespoons olive oil, lemon juice, thyme, 14 teaspoon salt, pepper, and red pepper in a large bowl. Add the chicken or turkey and toss. Marinate 15 minutes.nDrain the meat and pat very dry. Heat a wok or large skillet over high heat. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil to the pan. Add the chicken and stirfry until opaque and firm, about 4 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer to a large bowl. Add the onion and pepper to the pan and stirfry, until softened, 1 to 2 minutes. Add to the chicken. Add the squash to the pan, and stirfry until tendercrisp, about 2 minutes. Add to the chicken. Add the tomatoes and garlic to the pan and stirfry until glazed and slightly charred, about 2 minutes longer. Return the chicken and vegetables to the pan. Season with salt and pepper. Heat until warmed through, about 2 minutes. Add the basil and toss to combine. Serve with rice., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 1 pound chicken or turkey breast, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 small onion, cut into 34inch dice about 1 cup, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 34inch dice about 1 cup, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 small summer squash, seeds removed and cut into a 34inch dice about 1 12 cups, 8 to 10 small cherry tomatoes, mixed colors, 13 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, Rice, for serving], title: Turkey or Chicken, Summer Squash and Tomato StirFry, picturelink: null}, 9119: {instructions: Cut squash into 1inch chunks. In large pot melt butter. Add onion and cook until translucent, about 8 minutes. Add squash and stock. Bring to a simmer and cook until squash is tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove squash chunks with slotted spoon and place in a blender and puree. Return blended squash to pot. Stir and season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Serve., ingredients: [One 2 to 3pound butternut squash, peeled and seeded, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, chopped, 6 cups chicken stock, Nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Butternut Squash Soup, picturelink: HM.XLAIZrZDbXFuXc7Pw5loWcIWaOoK}, 9120: {instructions: For the beef shawarma: Trim and clean hangar steak and slice 14inch thick. In stainless mixing bowl, combine the cardamom, garlic, garam masala, bay leaves, cinnamon sticks, and 2 tablespoons salt and mix well. Add the steak and toss to coat. Transfer to appropriate container, cover and marinate for at least 4 hours or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place marinated beef in 2inch hotel pan or roasting pan and cover with heavyduty foil. Cook until tender but with no running juice, about 10 minutes. Remove from oven and allow meat to rest for a few minutes before serving. Serve with Chimichurri sauce.nFor the chimichurri sauce: Rinse the parsley, mint, and basil in cold water to wash and remove any dirt. Drain herbs and lay out on paper to dry. Please allow herbs to dry naturally. Chop herbs to a roughchopped stage and set aside. In a mixing bowl, combine the olive oil blend, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, chili flakes, white pepper, rice vinegar, apple cider vinegar, and lemon juice and mix to create a dressing. Fold in herbs and mix well. Allow chimichurri sauce to marinate for at least 30 minutes before using it will develop the earthy, herb flavor., ingredients: [4 pounds bonein tied beef chuck tender, 2 cups ground cardamon, 12 cup cloves garlic, 14 cup garam masala, 10 dried bay leaves, 5 cinnamon sticks, Kosher salt, 4 ounces fresh Italian parsley leaves with very little stem, 3 ounces fresh mint leaves, 2 ounces fresh basil leaves, 1 12 cups olive oil, blend 8020, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 34 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 34 cup apple cider vinegar, 4 fluidounces freshsqueezed lemon juice], title: Beef Shawarma with Chimichurri Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9121: {instructions: Shape the beef into 4 12inchthick burgers.nHeat a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the burgers and cook until well browned on both sides. Remove the burgers from the skillet. Pour off any fat.nStir the soup in the skillet and heat to a boil. Return the burgers to the skillet. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook for 5 minutes or until desired doneness. Top the burgers with the cheese and cook until the cheese is melted. Serve the burgers on the buns with the soup mixture for dipping.nServing Suggestion: Serve with romaine salad tossed with fresh basil and Italian salad dressing. For dessert, serve orange slices., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 can 10 12 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed French Onion Soup, 4 slices cheese, 4 Pepperidge Farmu00ae Classic Sandwich Buns with Sesame Seeds, split], title: French Onion Burgers, picturelink: vA7ULpU7ZwcMTDVtDrPxuueL5lSExTO}, 9122: {instructions: Heat the Smoked Meat in a microwave until warm, 45 to 60 seconds. Drizzle the mustard on a slice of bread. Top with the Smoked Meat and the remaining slice of bread. Cut crosswise and serve with the pickle.nScore the brisket 3 to 4 times in a diamond pattern, making sure to cut through the fat.nLine a large roasting pan with foil. Place the brisket inside.nCombine the allspice, pickling salt, sugar, garlic powder, sodium nitrate and cinnamon in a small bowl. Rub the seasoning mix over the entire brisket so it can soak into the meat.nCover the pan tightly with foil so it is airtight and refrigerate for 5 days.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Roast the brisket, covered, for 6 hours. Remove the foil, scrape off any excess dry rub from the brisket and transfer the meat to a large sheet of foil. Wrap the hot meat tightly and refrigerate for 1 day.nSlice the brisket very thin and divide into 6 ounce portions for smoked meat sandwiches. The brisket will keep, tightly wrapped, in the refrigerator for up to 10 days., ingredients: [6 ounces thinly sliced Smoked Meat, recipe follows, 1 ounce yellow mustard, 2 slices light caraway rye bread, 1 pickle spear, One 12 to 14pound beef brisket, 12 cup ground allspice, 12 cup pickling salt, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons sodium nitrate, 1 12 tablespoons ground cinnamon], title: Smoked Meat Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 9123: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the chicken on a rimmed baking pan.nIn a small bowl, stir to combine the olive oil, chopped rosemary, thyme, sage, red pepper flakes, grated garlic, lemon zest, 1 tablespoon salt and 2 teaspoons black pepper. Rub the chicken all over with half of the herb oil, being sure to spread some under the skin of the breasts and thighs to season the flesh. Stuff the cavity with the rosemary, thyme and sage sprigs, the bay leaves, 12 lemon and garlic head halves.nPlace the rutabaga, carrots and turnips in a large bowl. Toss to coat with the remaining herb oil. Scatter the vegetables around the chicken and transfer to the oven. Roast until the vegetables are tender and the chicken is cooked through, with an instantread thermometer inserted at the thickest point of the thigh reading 160 degrees F, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes before carving. Serve with the vegetables., ingredients: [One 4pound whole chicken, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary, plus 3 sprigs for the cavity, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, plus 4 sprigs for the cavity, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage, plus 3 sprigs for the cavity, 1 12 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 2 cloves garlic, finely grated, plus the remaining head of garlic, halved horizontally to expose the cloves in each half, Zest of 1 lemon plus 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 bay leaves, 1 pound rutabaga, peeled and cut into 34inch cubes, 4 slender carrots, peeled, 1 medium turnip about 12 pound, peeled and cut into 34inch wedges], title: HerbRoasted Chicken with Root Vegetables, picturelink: K9SSu6Qv1bt3x2FuaSwiCNx5fm33mK}, 9124: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Add the bell peppers and 12 teaspoon fajita seasoning. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion starts browning and the peppers are slightly softened, about 3 minutes. Add 14 cup water and continue cooking until the vegetables are tender, about 5 more minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk half of the lime juice with 1 12 tablespoons olive oil and the agave in a medium bowl. Add half of the cilantro, and the onion and peppers reserve the skillet. Season with salt and pepper toss to coat and set aside.nWipe out the skillet and heat over high heat. Toss the shrimp with the remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil and 14 teaspoon fajita seasoning in a bowl. Add to the skillet and cook until the shrimp are pink, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from the heat and add the remaining lime juice and cilantro season with salt and pepper.nWarm the tortillas as the label directs. Divide the lettuce among bowls top with the onion and peppers, shrimp and pico de gallo. Serve with the tortillas and lime wedges.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, halved and thinly sliced, 3 assorted bell peppers, seeded and thinly sliced, 34 teaspoon fajita seasoning, Juice of 2 limes, plus wedges for serving, 1 teaspoon agave nectar or honey, 12 cup fresh cilantro, roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 flour tortillas, 12 head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 12 cup pico de gallo], title: Shrimp Fajita Salad, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 9125: {instructions: Blend all ingredients and strain into pitcher, then pour into tumbler or large wine glass., ingredients: [2 tablespoons tamarind paste, 1 cup water, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon chile salsa, 2 scoops ice], title: Tamarind Agua Fresca, picturelink: null}, 9126: {instructions: Mix the coriander, fennel, and peppercorns in a small frying pan. Toast on mediumhigh heat until aromatic and slightly darker, about 2 minutes. Using a mortar and pestle or a spice grinder, crush the spices. Add the salt. Rub each shank with the spice blend.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shanks to the skillet. Cook until brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Add the onion, carrots, celery, and leek. Saute over medium heat until the vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the port, veal stock, garlic, rosemary, and thyme to the skillet.nCover the skillet with a lid or foil. Place the skillet in the oven and braise the lamb until tender, for 2 to 2 12 hours or until the meat falls off the bone. Remove the lamb shanks from the skillet and filter the sauce through a fine sieve over a stockpot. On medium heat, let the sauce reduce by 12, for about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, in another skillet, melt the butter and add the lamb shank. Coat them with honey. Caramelize the shanks on all sides over medium heat on the stove for about 5 minutes, adding a ladle of the sauce. Keep warm.nServe the lamb shanks with the sauce, buttered green beans and a parsnips mash or any other mash to taste.nNotesnCan be made 1 day ahead. Let the lamb cool then place in the refrigerator covered. Reheat in a 350 degrees F oven for 12 hour before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon salt, 4 large lamb shanks, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 onion, minced, 2 carrots, peeled and diced, 1 celery stalk, minced, 1 small leek, minced, 1 12 cups tawny port, 1 cup veal stock, 1 head garlic, halved, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Braised Port Lamb Shanks, picturelink: null}, 9127: {instructions: Special equipment: Vegetable juicer, 12inch nonstick saute pannUsing a vegetable juicer, juice the squash and reserve the pulp. You should have about 12 cup of pulp and 12 cup of juice. Place the squash pulp in a medium mixing bowl and sprinkle with the flour. Using your fingers, gently squeeze the pulp and flour together until just blended. Gently stir in the squash juice and apple juice until just blended.nIn a large bowl, whisk the egg whites to a very soft peak. Add the fig syrup and whisk to a mediumfirm peak. Gently fold 13 of the egg whites into the batter base to lighten it, being careful not to fully incorporate the egg whites. Gently fold the lightened batter back into the egg whites. Again, be careful not to fully incorporate the mixture. The more gently you treat the egg whites, the higher the batter will rise.nHeat a 12inch nonstick saute pan over a medium heat until hot. With a paper towel dipped in the oil, lightly oil the pan. Working in batches, spoon about 2 tablespoons of the batter into the pan, to form as many 2 to 3inch round cakes as will fit, and cook until just set. Gently turn the cake over and finish cooking, about 1 12 to 2 minutes. The cakes will be very soft. Repeat with the remaining batter.nTo serve: Shingle the cakes on heated plates. Place a quenelle of creme fraiche against each serving of cakes and drizzle with fig syrup. Sprinkle each plate with Indian maple sugar., ingredients: [12 ounces butternut squash, peeled, seeded, and cubed about 3 cups, 12 cup cake flour not selfrising, 12 cup apple juice, 2 large egg whites, 1 to 2 teaspoons fig or maple syrup, plus more to drizzle, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 14 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons Indian maple sugar], title: Squash Pancakes with Fig Syrup, picturelink: u1OUegWTvcTzIW62VHK54qbp0.AfHO}, 9128: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 13by9inch pan with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang, and spray with nonstick cooking spray. Toast the ancho chiles in a medium skillet over medium heat, stirring often, until softened and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Let cool completely. Transfer to a food processor and pulse until roughly chopped, then remove 14 cup of the chiles and set aside. Add the flour, cocoa powder, cinnamon, baking powder and salt to the bowl of the food processor and pulse until well combined and the chiles are finely chopped.nHeat the brown sugar, butter and 1 cup water in a large saucepan over medium heat, whisking occasionally, until the butter and sugar melt, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the unsweetened chocolate, then let cool 10 minutes. Whisk in the eggs and vanilla. Add the flour mixture and whisk until smooth, then pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out almost clean, about 30 minutes. Put on a cooling rack and sprinkle with the bittersweet chocolate, then let sit until soft enough to spread, about 5 minutes. Spread the chocolate in an even layer with a spatula and sprinkle with the reserved chiles and cayenne. Let cool completely, then cut into brownies., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 3 ancho chiles, seeds and stems removed, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 3 tablespoons cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 12 cups light brown sugar, 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 6 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 5 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 34 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Mexican Hot Chocolate Brownies, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 9129: {instructions: Heat canola oil in a saute pan and cook onions over medium heat until they caramelize.nHeat grill. Form ground beef into 8 2inch patties. Season with garlic powder, salt, and pepper, and grill burgers until medium rare, remove to a platter and top with cheddar cheese slices to allow melting.nUse a 2inch circle cutter or biscuit cutter to cut the potato rolls into circles. Place burgers in rolls and top burgers with caramelized onion., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 large red onion, thinly sliced, 1 pound ground beef 8020 leanness, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, Salt and pepper, 2 slices Cheddar, cut into 8 squares, 8 dinnersize potato rolls], title: Route 66 Burgers, picturelink: CCy.JLQtQ2EMlgKZgH3nYOIJwzWEm}, 9130: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the vegetable stock and the turkey carcass in a large soup pot over low heat and bring to a simmer. Cover and simmer for 1 hour.nAdd the remaining ingredients to the stock. Cover and simmer for an additional 20 minutes.nRemove the bones before serving., ingredients: [2 quarts vegetable stock, 1 turkey carcass, 1 10ounce box frozen mixed vegetables, 12 cup rice, 2 cups cooked turkey, cubed, 1 teaspoon Old Bay seasoning, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Bird to the Last Drop, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 9131: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 cup fluted tube pan sprayed with vegetable oil spraynPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Position rack in lower third of the oven. On low speed with an electric mixer, mix the sugar, flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt until thoroughly combined.nAdd the softened butter, whole egg, and egg whites. Set a timer for 2 minutes as you begin beating on medium speed. As soon as the dry ingredients are moistened, increase the speed to high and continue mixing until the 2 minutes are up. Stir the optional espresso powder into the yogurt, if you are using it. Add the yogurt and vanilla to the batter. Beat at high speed for exactly 2 more minutes.nScrape the batter into the pan. Bake 30 to 35 minutes or just until a thin wooden skewer inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Do not over bake. Cool in the pan on a wire rack for ten minutes before unmolding on the rack to cool completely. Serve sprinkled with powdered sugar.nMake the Glaze: In a small heavy bottomed saucepan, combine the brown sugar with the cocoa. Use a wooden spoon to stir in just enough milk to form a smooth paste. Stir in the remaining milk. Cook over medium heat until mixture simmers, and finally begins to boil, stirring constantly and scraping the sides and bottom edges of the saucepan religiously. Boil gently for 1 12 minutes, stirring constantly to prevent burning. Off heat, stir in vanilla. Cool to room temperature. Spoon glaze over cake., ingredients: [1 14 cups sugar, 1 cup all purpose flour, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons unsweetened Dutch Process alkalized cocoa, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened to room temperature, 1 large egg, 2 large egg whites, 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder freeze dried coffee crystals optional, 12 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Powdered sugar for dusting, optional, 13 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup unsweetened Dutch process cocoa powder, 13 cups lowfat milk, 14 teaspoon vanilla], title: Chocolate Velvet Pound Cake with Chocolate Glaze, picturelink: null}, 9132: {instructions: In a large bowl add all ingredients until blended, being careful not to shred crab meat. Serve in a mold on a chilled plate, garnish with plantain chips and sliced avocado., ingredients: [1 pound of jumbo lump crab meat, picked through for cartilage, 14 cup diced red, yellow and green pepper, 2 scallions, minced, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup ketchup, 1 tomato, peeled and diced, 1 lime juiced, Salt and pepper, Plantain chips, Sliced avocado], title: Jumbo Lump Crab Salad with Plantain Chips and Avocado, picturelink: null}, 9133: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Heat bacon in a 9 or 10 cast iron skillet. Saute until rendered. Remove crisp bits with a slotted spoon and discard all but 2 tablespoons of fat. Stick skillet in oven to preheat it while you make the batter.nIn a bowl whisk together the cornmeal, flour, salt and baking soda. In another bowl whisk together egg, chilis, buttermilk or yogurt and milk. Add reserved bacon fat and crisp bacon and pour wet ingredients into dry ingredients and stir to blend. Remove skillet from the oven and pour in the batter. Return to oven and bake until deep golden brown, about 20 minutes. While this is baking, make your stew of white beans., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, finely chopped, 1 12 cups coarse cornmeal, 14 cup flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 egg, 14 cup chopped green chilis, 1 cup buttermilk or plain yogurt, 12 cup milk], title: Hot Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 9134: {instructions: Drain the vegetables: Layer the squash and onions, salting each layer with kosher salt, in a large nonreactive bowl. Let stand in sink for 3 hours. Drain the squash and onions, transfer to a large colander and rinse well under cold water. Place a bowl over the vegetables, and add a couple cans of tomatoes or whatever you have on hand to weigh the bowl down to squeeze out as much of the water as possible.nPrepare the jars and lids: Wash all jars and lids thoroughly with soap and water and rinse well. Fill your canner with enough water to cover the jars by at least 1inch and bring to a simmer. Using a pair of canning tongs, lower the jars in gently, tilting them to fill with the hot water. In a small saucepan, keep some water warm but not boiling place the lids in the water. Have an additional kettle of water on to boil.nMake the brine: Bring the sugar, vinegars, mustard and celery seeds and turmeric to a rolling boil in a large nonreactive stockpot or Dutch oven. Add the squash and onions. Bring back to the boil, stirring gently. Remove from heat and allow to cool.nMake the relish: Transfer the pickles in batches to a food processor, and pulse until broken down to a fine, even consistency. Return the processed relish to a pan and bring back to a boil. Add the pectin, stir until completely dissolved and bring back to the boil for 1 minute.nFill and close the jars: Using canning tongs, remove the jars from the canner, carefully pouring the water back into the canner. Set next to the relish in the saucepan. Turn the heat under the canner to high. Use a ladle to pour the relish into the jars through a canning funnel, leaving 12inch headspace at the top. Run a clean chopstick around the inside of the jar to dislodge any trapped air. Wipe the rims of the jars with a damp paper towel. Place the lids on, and screw on the rings until just fingertight.nSeal the jars: Using canning tongs, gently transfer the jars to the canner, taking care to keep them vertical. When all the jars are in the canner, there should be at least 1 inch of water covering them if you need more, add water from the kettle until the jars are sufficiently covered. Bring the water to a full rolling boil, and process for 10 minutes.nRemove and cool: Using canning tongs, gently remove the jars from the canner and transfer them to a kitchen towel or cooling rack, again keeping them vertical. Do not set hot jars directly on to cool counter surfaces. Leave to cool, undisturbed, for at least 12 hours. If any of the jars do not seal when cool, reprocess using the method above, or refrigerate and use immediately.nLabel and store: Add a label to the lid or side of your jar, noting the date it was canned. Remove the rings and store jars in a cool, dark place for up to one year. Refrigerate after opening., ingredients: [3 to 3.5 lbs zucchini or yellow squash, sliced to 14inch discs, 4 to 4.5 lbs yellow onions, thinly sliced, 12 c. kosher salt, 12 c. sugar, 2 c. white distilled vinegar, 2 c. cider vinegar, 2 tsp mustard seeds, 1 34 tsp celery seeds, 1 34 tsp ground turmeric, 1 packet dry pectin], title: Summer Squash Relish, picturelink: 14BTHcVsTvPn7AXPgE3GEGEd4jrMXm}, 9135: {instructions: Drain the clams reserving 12 cup of their juice and set aside. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the garlic and cook until softened, but not browned, about 3 minutes. Add the pepper flakes and cook for 30 seconds more. Add the reserved clam juice and tomatoes, increase the heat and bring to a boil. Cover, and lower the heat to maintain a gentle simmer, cook for 15 minutes. Set aside. Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat, salt generously. Cook the pasta until al dente, tender yet still slightly firm. During the last 5 minutes of cooking the pasta stir the clams, basil, and parsley into the sauce. Bring to a simmer and season with salt and pepper to taste. Drain the pasta and add to the sauce and toss to combine evenly. Divide among warmed bowls and serve., ingredients: [Three 6 12ounce cans minced or whole clams, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes or more to taste, One 28ounce can whole tomatoes packed in juice, drained, and chopped, 1 pound dry spaghetti or linguini, 10 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Spaghetti with Red Clam Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9136: {instructions: Sugared Walnuts: In a deep saucepan, combine the sugar, water, orange zest and cinnamon and bring to a boil. Add the walnuts and simmer, stirring, as the water evaporates. The glaze will be shiny and transparent at first, then turn opaque as the water cooks away. When the nuts are completely coated with sugar crystals, they are done. Spread them out on a sheet pan to cool. To wash the saucepan, soak it overnight. The walnuts can be made up to 2 weeks in advance and stored in an airtight container.nSundae Cups: Spread the toasted walnuts out on a plate. Dip the rims of 6 coffee cups or mugs into the melted chocolate, then into the chopped walnuts. Turn them right side up and set aside. Dip 6 teaspoons in the chocolate and sprinkle with chopped walnuts. Let the cups and spoons cool at room temperature until set, about 2 hours. The cups can be made up to 2 days in advance.nTo assemble sundae, scoop ice cream into each chocolatedipped coffee cup and pour espresso over it. Top with a dollop of whipped cream and sugared walnuts. Place the cup on the saucer and rest a chocolatedipped spoon alongside., ingredients: [Ice cream of your choice recommended: chocolate, vanilla, or coffee, Hot espresso or strong brewed coffee or decaf, Whipped cream, Sugared walnuts, recipe follows, Sundae cups, recipe follows, 34 cup sugar, 13 cup water, 14 orange, zest grated, Pinch cinnamon, 2 cups walnut halves, 12 cup walnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted], title: Sugared Walnut Sundaes in Chocolate Cups, picturelink: 5pL2Mb.smYhnwvddx8wfKnkJB8.BNum}, 9137: {instructions: Bring water to a boil, pour in bulgur, stir, cover, and turn off heat. Let stand 20 to 25 minutes or until most of the liquid is absorbed and bulgur is fluffy and tender. Pour off any remaining liquid. To prepare dressing, in a small nonreactive bowl, whisk together lemon juice, garlic, salt and oil. Taste and adjust seasonings. In a large salad bowl, toss together parsley, tomatoes, green onions and mint. Add bulgur. Pour dressing over salad, toss to combine. Taste and adjust seasonings.nMorph 1: Add more diced tomatoes, diced cucumbers, and diced raw zucchini to the tabbouleh.nMorph 2: Add rinsed and drained canned chickpeas, and rinsed and drained canned lentilsnMorph 3: Grill some boneless, skinless chicken breast, dice, toss with the tabbouleh and wrap it up in fresh pita. Morph 4: Serve as a small side salad with fish., ingredients: [12 cup medium grain bulgur, 1 14 cups water, 4 cups loosely packed, roughly chopped flatleaf parsley, about 3 bunches, 1 12 cups peeled and diced tomatoes, about 3 to 5 Roma tomatoes,, 14 cup green onions chopped, white and some of the green, about 2 green onions, 14 to 12 cup loosely packed, roughly chopped mint leaves, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon minced garlic, Pinch kosher salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil], title: Tabouleh, picturelink: null}, 9138: {instructions: For the chicken:nIn a medium saucepan place the ginger beer, Worcestershire sauce, ketchup, apple cider vinegar, hoisin sauce, spice powder, orange juice, garlic, lime juice, onion powder, brown sugar, salt, honey, and pepper. Bring to a simmer on low heat for 15 minutes or until thickened. Add chicken and keep warm.nFor sweet potato bacon biscuits:nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a small skillet, caramelize onion with olive oil and sugar. In the bowl of a food processor combine flour, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt and pulse to combine. Add butter and pulse until it resembles coarse crumbs. Remove contents of food processor to a medium bowl. Fold in bacon and onion. Combine sweet potato puree and buttermilk. Pour into dry ingredients to form a soft dough. Place dough on a floured surface and pat into 1inch thickness. Cut out biscuits with a 2inch cutter and arrange in a buttered skillet and place into the preheated oven for 25 minutes or until golden brown. Allow biscuits to cool slightly before making sandwich.nTo assemble:nSplit biscuit in half. Place a generous 12 cup of barbeque chicken on the bottom half of the biscuit and top with other biscuit half., ingredients: [2 cups ginger beer, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 12 cup hoisin sauce, 12 teaspoon fivespice powder, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 rotisserie chicken, skin removed, meat shredded, 14 cup yellow onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, About 4 tablespoons butter, 12 cup cooked bacon, chopped, 34 cup cold sweet potato puree, 13 buttermilk], title: Zesty Ginger Beer BBQ Pulled Chicken Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 9139: {instructions: Cut the top 14 off 4 pumpkins, reserving the lids and discard the seeds. Cut the remaining pumpkins in half and discard the seeds.nBake the pumpkins including the reserved lids, cut side down, on lightly oiled baking sheets in a preheated 350 degree oven for 40 minutes or until they are tender. Remove the lids after about 20 minutes. When they are cool enough to handle, scrape all the pulp out of the halved pumpkins. Scrape most of the pulp out of the remaining pumpkins, leaving just enough in each so that it retains its shape.nIn a skillet cook the onion in the butter over low heat, stirring, until it is softened. Add the sage and cook for 2 minutes. Add the pumpkin pulp and chicken stock and simmer for 20 minutes.nPuree the mixture in batches in a blender and transfer it to a saucepan. Stir in salt and pepper to taste and water to thin the soup if necessary. Ladle about 12 cup of soup into each of 4 heated soup bowls and put one of the hollowedout reheated pumpkin shells on top. Fill each pumpkin shell with the soup and garnish with a sprinkling of the Parmesan and some of the parsley. Top with the reserved lids., ingredients: [8 mini pumpkins each about the size of a large tomato, 12 cup thinly sliced onion, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 tablespoon minced fresh sage or 1 teaspoon dried, 3 cups chicken stock, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Chopped fresh parsley for garnish], title: Miniature Pumpkin Soup in the Shell, picturelink: null}, 9140: {instructions: Place sugar in a bowl cover with boiling water and whisk. Sprinkle gelatin over the solution, and whisk lightly to incorporate. Let gelatin mixture cool to room temperature.nPour the gelatin mixture into a large pitcher. Pour out an 8 ounce glass of the cava and pour the rest of the cava, on an angle, into the pitcher to minimize foam. Stir gently with the whisk. Use the reserved 8 ounces of cava for another purpose.nPour into 6 wine glasses and refrigerate immediately. Refrigerate until set, at least 2 hours.nGarnish the glasses with a few raspberries., ingredients: [14 cup superfine sugar, 34 cup boiling water, 1 package unflavored gelatin recommended: Knox, 1 750 ml. bottle cava, Spanish sparkling wine, regular or rose, 1 package raspberries], title: Cava Gelatin, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 9141: {instructions: Break chocolate into 2 pieces. In a bowl whisk together eggs, vanilla, and milk. Using a 3inch heartshaped cutter cut a heart shape from each slice of bread. Place a piece of chocolate on top of one of the pieces of bread and gently press another piece on top, pinching the edges. Repeat the procedure with other 2 pieces of bread. Dip bread into egg mixture, making sure they are soaked. Heat the butter in a nonstick skillet over moderate heat until it begins to foam, add the stuffed bread hearts and cook them, turning them once for 2 to 3 minutes per side or until they are nicely browned. In a bowl mash 34 of the raspberries and stir in the sugar. Stir in the remaining berries. Transfer the browned hearts to a plate and top with the raspberries. Dust with confectioners sugar and garnish with mint., ingredients: [1 ounce thin bittersweet chocolate bar, such as Lindt, 2 large eggs, beaten lightly, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon milk, 4 13inch thick slices stale egg bread, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup fresh raspberries, 2 teaspoons sugar, or to taste, Confectioners sugar for dusting, Mint for garnish], title: Chocolate Stuffed HeartShaped French Toast with Raspberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9142: {instructions: Whisk the allpurpose flour, wholewheat flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and coconut oil in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth, about 2 minutes. Add the granulated sugar and brown sugar and beat until smooth and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then beat in the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture until just combined. Beat in the oats, coconut, pepitas, sunflower seeds, flax seeds, walnuts and cranberries. Cover the dough with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Roll the dough into balls about 2 tablespoons each and arrange 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are golden and dry around the edges, 18 to 20 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup wholewheat flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup coconut oil, 34 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 cup unsweetened coconut flakes, 12 cup pepitas green pumpkin seeds, 12 cup sunflower seeds, 2 tablespoons flax seeds, 1 cup walnut pieces, 1 cup dried cranberries], title: SuperLoaded Oatmeal Cookies, picturelink: MyoHu1aps9pKFndP6r3ZbfnKJ6iyzd2}, 9143: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a standing electric mixer fitted with a paddle, cream the cream cheese, cornstarch, horseradish juice and salt. Add egg and heavy cream. When filling is mixed thoroughly add diced smoked salmon and fold it in. Place in buttered 8inch springform pan and bake for 1 hour or until cheesecake sets up. Remove from oven and let cool to room temperature. Slice into 6 equal portions and serve with bagels and sliced onions., ingredients: [16 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 ounces cornstarch, 1ounce horseradish juice, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, 4 ounces heavy cream, 12 ounces diced smoked salmon, 6 bagels split and toasted, 1 red onion sliced thin], title: Smoked Salmon and Horseradish Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 9144: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat 9inch tart pan with removable bottom with nostick cooking spray. Place on 15 x 10inch baking sheet.nCOMBINE cookie mix and butter in large bowl with fork until coarse crumbs form. Add lemon peel and vanilla stir with fork. Reserve 13 cup for topping. Pat remaining dough lightly in prepared pan.nBAKE 15 minutes. Stir preserves and cinnamon in small bowl. Spoon over top of baked cookie to within 1inch of edge. Sprinkle with reserved crumbs.nBAKE 5 to 7 minutes or until edges are set. Cool 20 minutes. Remove outer rim from pan. Sprinkle with powdered sugar if desired., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 17.5 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Sugar Cookie Mix, 12 cup butter, softened, 1 tsp. grated lemon peel, 2 tsps. vanilla, 23 cup Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Northwoods Blueberry Preserves, 12 tsp. ground cinnamon, Powdered sugar], title: Blueberry Cookie Tart, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 9145: {instructions: Almond Paste Frangipane: In the bowl of a food processor, blend the almonds, almond paste, and sugar until the nuts are finely ground. Add the egg and butter, process until smooth. Cover and freeze for 35 minutes. Keep refrigerated until ready to use.nCake: Place the oven rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees.nRemove the frangipane from the refrigerator. Grease and lightly flour a 12cup bundt pan. Sift together the cake flour, baking powder, salt and cocoa, set aside. Using an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter on medium speed until creamy and smooth, about 30 to 45 seconds. Add the sugar and beat for 4 to 5 minutes, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add vanilla. On low speed, add the dry ingredients alternately with the milk in 3 additions, beginning and ending with the dry ingredients. Scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed. Spoon about 2 cups of the batter into the prepared pan, spreading evenly. Spoon half the frangipane filling in dollops over the center of the batter. Spread the filling evenly over the batter, avoiding the center tube and the sides of the pan. Spoon about 1 12 cups of the batter evenly over the filling and spoon the remaining frangipane over the batter. Spoon the remaining batter over the filling. Bake until the cake springs back lightly when touched in the center and just begins to pull away from the sides of the pan, about 60 to 65 minutes. Transfer the cake to a cooling rack and cool upright for 15 to 20 minutes. Invert the cake and cool completely on a wire rack. Garnish with Chocolate Bow.nChocolate Bow: In the top of a double boiler, melt the chocolate. Let cool 10 to 15 minutes and blend in the corn syrup. Form the mixture into a ball. Wrap in plastic wrap and let set overnight at room temperature. Roll out between sheets of waxed paper. Cut strips with a pastry cutter and form a ribbon. Use spools of thread covered in waxed paper to support the bow. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [2 13 cups cake flour, plus more for the pan, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup unsweetened Dutchprocessed cocoa powder, 2 12 cups unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for the pan, 2 cups sugar, 3 eggs, room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup whole milk, room temperature, Almond Paste Frangipane, recipe follows, Chocolate bow, garnish, 13 cup blanched almonds, sliced, 4 ounces almond paste, 14 cup sugar, 1 egg, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 4ounces milk chocolate, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup], title: Frangipane Ripple Chocolate Pound Cake, picturelink: null}, 9146: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a chilled Champagne flute add cranberry juice and a squeeze of lime. Top off the glass with Champagne. Garnish with 3 or 4 cranberries., ingredients: [1ounce cranberry juice sweetened, 1 wedge lime, Champagne or sparkling wine, Cranberries frozen], title: Cranberry Champagne Cocktail, picturelink: AOMuIuZfGrXRfuvjBu88FifAssIIW}, 9147: {instructions: To make the pork belly: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nScore the pork skin lengthwise, every half inch. Brush with the canola oil, tamarind and honey. Place the apples cutside down in a roasting pan and place the pork on top. Add the apple juice to the bottom of the pan and braise until the meat is forktender, about 3 hours.nTo make the hoisin balsamic sauce: To a bowl, add the molasses, black bean paste, tamari, sesame oil, balsamic, chili paste and pepper and mix well. Set aside.nTo make the dough: Into a large bowl, add the water and yeast and set aside for 1 minute. Whisk in 2 tablespoons of the canola oil. To a food processor add the sugar, baking powder and salt with the flour and pulse 2 to 3 times to combine. Pour the yeast mixture into the processor in a steady stream and continue mixing for about 20 seconds. If the dough doesnt come together, add warm water a tablespoon at a time and continue to mix for 50 to 60 seconds. Coat a ceramic bowl with 1 tablespoon of the canola oil. Place the dough in the bowl and cover with plastic wrap and a tea towel. Let rise until nearly doubled, about 1 hour.nLightly dust a work surface with flour and roll the dough into a log. Cut the dough into 16 even parts. Roll each part into a ball, and then use your fingertips to flatten each ball into a 3inch disc. Brush some canola oil on one half of each disc and fold over into a semicircle. Place the buns on parchment paper and place in a bamboo steamer over boiling water. Steam until the buns are puffed, 6 to 8 minutes.nTo finish the buns: Remove the skin from the pork and roughly chop. Slice the pork belly against the grain. Brush the steamed buns with the apple juicebraising liquid. Add some pork belly, and dress with cucumbers, green onions and hoisin balsamic sauce., ingredients: [1 pound pork belly, skin on, 14 cup canola oil, 14 cup tamarind paste, 14 cup honey, 3 Granny Smith apples, halved, 34 cup apple juice, 14 cup molasses, 2 tablespoons sweet Asian black bean paste, 2 tablespoons tamari, 4 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 4 teaspoons aged balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon Chinese chili paste, such as Sriracha, 14 teaspoon freshly cracked pepper, 34 cup water, 1 12 teaspoons dry yeast, 14 cup canola oil, for greasing, 2 tablespoons raw sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting the surface, 1 cucumber, finely sliced, 1 green onion, finely chopped], title: Steamed Pork Belly Buns with Hoisin Balsamic, picturelink: null}, 9148: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together lime zest, lime juice and olive oil. Taste and season with salt and pepper.nToss the quinoa, grapes, cucumbers, mint, parsley, scallions and avocados together with the dressing. Serve chilled or at room temperature., ingredients: [Zest and juice of 1 lime, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 4 cups cooked quinoa, cooled, 2 cups green grapes, halved, 1 12 cups diced cucumbers, 12 cup fresh mint, roughly chopped, 12 cup fresh parsley, roughly chopped, 4 scallions, white and light green parts, sliced, 1 avocado, diced], title: Green Grape and Avocado Quinoa Salad, picturelink: JLFD8x16tC7qRootXBSLs9l.c9bC77y}, 9149: {instructions: Rub tri tip with salt, granulated garlic, pepper and Worchester. Let sit for 20 to 30 minutes then grill until medium rare.nIn a medium saute pan over medium high heat, heat olive oil, add onions, peppers, and sausage. Cook for 10 minutes or until onions are translucent. Add garlic, cook for 2 minutes, then deglaze with wine and chicken stock. Simmer, and add paprika, celery salt, and chili powder.nCut bread in half length ways, remove some of bread from center, and toast lightly.nAfter tri tip has been cooked, slice on a bias as thin as possible.nPlace cooked onion and pepper mixture on bottom piece of bread, slice Italian sausage into 6 slices per link. Add all sausage slices to onion mixture on bread, add sliced tri tip, top with Provolone cheese and add Hot Pickled Veggies. Top with top crust of bread and slice into 2 inch slicesnIn a large pot of boiling water, blanch vegetables. Add half of the garlic and the salt and peppercorns. Start with Carrot, boil 30 seconds, add in Cauliflower, boil 30 seconds, add celery boil 15 seconds, then add Anaheim peppers, bell peppers and red onion time 15 seconds more. Immediately remove all from water and immediately put in ice bath. Discard peppercorns and garlic.nIn a large jar, add the uncooked garlic, olive oil, red pepper flakes, cracked pepper, salt, sugar and one cup of the vinegar. Chop the cooled blanched vegetables into dice. In a bowl combine the olives, pepperoncinis and the diced vegetables. Add the mix to the jar with the seasonings, cap and shake to combine seasonings into mix. Top with additional red wine vinegar to cover mix if necessary. Refrigerate 24 hours. Will keep for 23 weeks under refrigeration., ingredients: [2 pounds tri tip, 1 tablespoon garlic, granulated, 1 tablespoon black pepper, fresh cracked, 2 tablespoon Worchester sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups yellow onions, sliced thin, 2 cups red bell peppers, julienned, 1 pound Italian sausage, links in casing, hot preferred, 3 tablespoons garlic, minced, 12 cup red wine, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 large Sourdough loaf, 18 inches, 1 tablespoon Salt, 6 slices Provolone cheese, 34 cup Hot Pickled Veggies, recipe follows, 10 cups water, 12 cup garlic cloves, cut in quarters, divided into 14 cup portions, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon peppercorns, 12 cup baby carrots, cut in half, 12 cup cauliflower florets, 12 cup celery, cut in 1inch pieces, 12 cup Anaheim pepper, julienned, 14 red bell pepper, julienned, 14 red onion, julienned, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 12 teaspoon freshcracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 cup Spanish olive, large, diced, 12 cup black olives, seeded, diced, 14 cup pepperoncinis, stems, seeds removed, diced], title: All Star Sausage Steak Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 9150: {instructions: In a saucepan, saute carrots, celery and onions until soft. Add stock and lamb bones and simmer for 1 hour. Pull bones out and pull all the meat off. Dice up the meat and add back to the soup. Check for seasoning.nCUCUMBER SALAD: In a bowl, mix yogurt with curry. Season and add cucumbers. Garnish soup with salad., ingredients: [4 lamb racks from above, 1 quart chicken stock or vegetable stock, 1 cup diced carrots, 1 cup diced celery, 1 cup diced onions, 1 bay leaf, Salt and black pepper to taste, 1 cup cucumber julienned, 12 cup plain yogurt, 1 tablespoon madras curry powder, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Lamb Soup with Curried Cucumber Salad, picturelink: null}, 9151: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nFill a medium pot halfway with cold water and add sausages. Bring to a boil and shut off the flame. Let sausages sit in water until water has cooled to room temperature. Remove sausages from water and reserve until ready to grill.nHalve the cherry tomatoes. Seed and slice the peppers into julienne, peel and slice the onions, soup style. Thinly slice the serrano peppers, and the garlic cloves. In a large mixing bowl toss all of the vegetables together with the balsamic vinegar, olive oil, salt and pepper. Pour the mix onto a large oven tray and bake for about 1 hour stirring occasionally so that it cooks evenly. Remove from oven when vegetables are fully cooked and lightly browned. Let cool slightly and stir in chopped basil.nGrill the poached sausages over a mediumhigh heat until nicely caramelized., ingredients: [8 Italian sausages, 2 pints cherry tomatoes, 6 yellow peppers, 6 yellow onions, 4 serrano chile peppers or jalepeno peppers, 10 garlic cloves, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup freshly chopped basil leaves], title: Grilled Poached Sausages with Roasted Peppers and Onions, picturelink: .a1U8vl5IPCmwfhpczodLN1AJSsjO2y}, 9152: {instructions: Heat the grill. Heat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSeason the filet with 1 tablespoon olive oil, salt, and pepper and set aside. In a medium saute pan, heat the butter on medium high and add the leeks. Sweat the leeks allowing no color, just cook until clear. Add the cream, 1 clove of the garlic and the blue cheese and turn heat to low and simmer for about 20 to 25 minutes, or until the cream has thickened. Add salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside.nPlace the filet on the hot grill and mark on the both sides. Place the steak in the oven to finish cooking to desired temperature. Medium rare is about 12 to 15 minutes. Pull from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes before cutting. In a large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil on high heat and add 2 cloves of minced garlic, and cook quickly until golden brown. Add in the spinach and turn heat to medium. Begin turning the spinach until wilted completely. Season with salt and pepper.nTo plate, use a warm plate and place the spinach first. Slice the filet in 12, widthwise. Place the bottom half on the spinach and pour 2 tablespoons of the leek mixture on the filet and place the second part of the filet on top. Spoon 3 to 4 tablespoons of the leeks on top of the filet. Place 3 to 5 onion rings on top of the filet and serve hot.nBeer Battered Onion Rings:n1 bag batter mixn1 dark ale beern1 large red onion, sliced in 1 inch ringsnHeat a fryer or a deep pot halfway filled with oil to 375 degrees F.nIn a bowl, mix the batter and beer and whisk until thick. Coat the onion rings and drop into the hot fryer. Fry until golden brown and place on a paper towel to absorb the excess grease. Salt while hot., ingredients: [1 8 to 10ounce beef tenderloin also called filet mignon, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 small leek, halved, cleaned and sliced thinly, 1 pint cream, 1 clove garlic, plus 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 ounces blue cheese, crumbled, 1 pound spinach, cleaned, Beer battered onion rings, recipe follows], title: Beef a la Manly Man, picturelink: null}, 9153: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over high heat. Add the olive oil, then the garlic. Saute until the garlic is lightly browned. Add the chiles and saute briefly to release their character. Add the corn and cook briskly, stirring often, until partially cooked, about 3 minutes. Add the tomato puree and simmer, stirring, until the corn is just tender, about 2 minutes.nRemove from the heat, whisk in the butter, and stir in the chives. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 serrano chile, minced, 6 cups corn kernels, from about 6 ears corn, 2 cups fresh tomato puree, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced chives, Sea salt, preferably gray, Freshly ground black pepper], title: SkilletFried Corn and Tomatoes, picturelink: NqMK0yVT1yAM5n1ycf3kyWtr8b2uHO}, 9154: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the shrimp with a generous pinch each salt and pepper, and then sear on both sides, about 2 minutes on each side. Add the chile flakes, garlic and serrano chile. Remove from the heat, add the limoncello, and then flambe. Add the white wine and tomatoes and cook the sauce until it reduces by half, about 5 minutes.nFinish with the grated cheese, parsley, basil and oregano. Then swirl in the extravirgin olive oil and butter, and season with the lemon zest and juice. Serve immediately with Garlic Bread.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLightly toast the baguette cutside up in the oven, 4 minutes.nCombine the butter, olive oil, garlic, shallots and some salt and pepper in a bowl, and stir to mix. Slather the mixture generously on the cut side of the toasted baguette. Sprinkle the cheese, parsley and chile flakes if using evenly over one side of the baguette. Top with the other side and wrap in foil. Warm in the oven until the cheese is melted. Cut into 3inch slices and serve warm., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound jumbo or U12 shrimp, peeled and deveined, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon red chile flakes, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 serrano chile, seeded and finely minced, 14 cup limoncello or sambuca, 14 cup white wine, 2 cups crushed San Marzano tomatoes, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley leaves, finely minced, 1 teaspoon fresh basil leaves, finely minced, 1 teaspoon fresh oregano leaves, finely minced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Garlic Bread, recipe follows, 1 baguette, split lengthwise, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 1 shallot, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon chile flakes, optional], title: Shrimp Fra Diavolo, picturelink: brZuBMmMlZ96MjaCDwEVXTEMfJ1aEne}, 9155: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nSpread the oats on a baking sheet in an even layer and bake, stirring occasionally, until lightly toasted, about 15 minutes.nIn a large pot, bring 8 cups of water and the sea salt to a boil. Stir in the toasted oatmeal and cook for 1 minute. Cover the pot tightly and cool to room temperature. Refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight.nThe next morning, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the apricot quarters in a medium glass roasting pan and bake until slightly softened, about 10 minutes.nWhile the apricots roast, combine the apricot nectar, honey, cloves and cinnamon sticks in a medium skillet and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Add the baked apricots and any pan juices and cook, stirring occasionally, until the apricots are well caramelized and the liquid is syrupy, about 5 minutes.nReturn the chilled oatmeal to the stove and cook over low heat until heated through. Stir in the warm milk and cook until incorporated.nSpoon the oatmeal into bowls, top with some of the apricots with syrup and sprinkle with pistachios. Drizzle with rose water if desired., ingredients: [2 cups steelcut Irish oats, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 8 ripe but still firm apricots, pitted and quartered, 12 cup apricot nectar, 14 cup clover honey, 4 whole cloves, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 cup warm milk, 34 cup shelled pistachios, toasted and chopped, Rose water, for drizzling, optional], title: Lightly Toasted Overnight SteelCut Oatmeal with HoneyRoasted Apricots and Pistachios, picturelink: d6qmY1H9gcIRB0yXl1BR.baekt5coW2}, 9156: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a small saucepan, over moderate heat and add butter. Work close to the stove and add apples and pear to the pot as you chop them. Sprinkle the fruit with brown sugar, a teaspoon of lemon juice and nutmeg. Add cider and raise heat a little. Allow liquid to come to a boil, then add cranberry sauce to the pot. When sauce returns to a boil, turn heat back to moderate, and cook sauce 5 minutes until apples and pears are softened but sauce remains fairly chunky in consistency. Spoon the warm fruit sauce over pound cake slices and top with scoops of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 2 medium apples, peeled and chunked, such as McIntosh, 1 medium Bosc pear, peeled and chunked, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 cup apple cider, 12 to 23 cup prepared whole berry cranberry or cranberryorange sauce, 4 1inch slices packaged pound cake, 1 pint French vanilla ice cream], title: Cranberry Sauce over Pound Cake a la Mode, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 9157: {instructions: In a large bowl whisk together sugar, meringue powder and water. Using the icing as glue, create a circle with candy to create a wreath. Decorate as you like with the candies. Allow to dry. When ready add a ribbon to each ornament., ingredients: [2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons meringue powder, 4 tablespoons water, Candy recommended: peppermints, lifesavers, M and Ms, gum drops, etc.], title: Edible Ornaments, picturelink: null}, 9158: {instructions: For the marinade: Place all the ingredients except the juice in a large mortar and pound to a paste with a pestle. Stir in the bitter orange juice. If desired puree these ingredients in a blender or food processor. Set aside.nFor the pork: Trim the skin only from the back of the leg. Wipe the leg of pork clean. Make several deep incisions all around the leg, except for the skin. Rub with salt. Allow to rest for a few minutes. Rub pork all over with the marinade, pushing it in the deep gashes made all over the leg. Cover with plastic film and refrigerate, preferably overnight or for a couple of hours. Wipe the marinade from the skin with a clean cloth.nCooking the pork: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the leg on a roasting pan. Bake uncovered with the skin side up for about 4 hours. Check the roast often, add some orange juice, and water if the pan juices dry out. Cook until the skin is like a crackling and the juices run clear when the meat is pierced on the thickest part of the leg about 160 degrees F on a meat thermometer, about 3 12 hours, ingredients: [1 head garlic, separated into cloves and peeled, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons allspice berries or ground, 1 tablespoon salt, 34 cup bitter orange juice juice of about 6 oranges or a mixture of orange juice and lime juice, 1 cup orange juice, 14 cup sweet sherry or port, for deglazing, 1 8 to 9 pound leg of pork, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Roast Pork Marinated in Garlic AllspiceCumin Adobo: Cerdo Brujo, picturelink: null}, 9159: {instructions: Wash chicken parts. In a large bowl, combine lemon juice, scallions, tomatoes, onion, bell pepper, ketchup, vinegar, sesame oil, cumin, curry powder, Daddys herb blend, brown sugar, garlic powder, onion powder and 3 tablespoons olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Add chicken to marinade and refrigerate overnight.nIn a medium Dutch oven, combine 13 olive oil and the sugar. Remove the chicken from the refrigerator and brush off the vegetables from the chicken pieces, reserving the vegetables. Turn the heat to medium and stir the sugar and allow it to caramelize as the pot gets hot. It may smoke some so watch for your smoke detectornCarefully, but quickly add the chicken to the pot and let the chicken brown in the caramelized sugar, turning the pieces as you go. Once all the chicken has browned, add the vegetables and marinade juices, cover, reduce heat to mediumlow and let stew until the chicken is cooked through and tender, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Half way through, season with salt and pepper.nServe over rice or with mashed potatoes., ingredients: [3 12 pounds chicken parts, Lemon juice, 4 scallions, cut in 12inch pieces, 4 tomatoes, diced, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 green bell pepper, thinly sliced, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons sesame oil, 3 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon West Indian curry powder, 1 tablespoon Daddys Herb Blend blend of dried and ground oregano, thyme, rosemary, black pepper, and basil, 1 12 tablespoons brown sugar, 3 tablespoons garlic powder, 3 tablespoons onion powder, 13 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons sugar, Rice or mashed potatoes, for serving], title: Stewed Chicken, picturelink: null}, 9160: {instructions: Core and shred the cabbage. Heat the butter in a large pot or saute pan. Add the cabbage, and season with salt, and pepper. Cook the cabbage, tossing, until the ribbons of cabbage soften and shrink down somewhat, about 7 minutes. Transfer the cabbage to a warm serving bowl., ingredients: [12 Savoy cabbage, 14 cup or 4 tablespoons butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Savoy Cabbage Ribbons, picturelink: null}, 9161: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWith an electric mixer, beat the 12 cup butter and the cream cheese until smooth. Add the flour and beat until fully combined. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a 24cup minimuffin pan with cooking spray.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together the melted butter, egg, brown sugar, vanilla and salt until smooth. Set aside.nShape the chilled dough into 24 balls, about 1 inch in diameter. Press each ball into a cup of the muffin pan, spreading evenly and up the sides, then spoon 1 teaspoon of the pecans into each muffin cup. Fill each cup with the egg mixture until evenly distributed, about 1 teaspoon in each. Bake until the filling is set, about 25 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes, and then remove from the muffin pan., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus 1 tablespoon butter, melted, One 3ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 large egg, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of fine salt, 12 cup pecans, finely chopped], title: Bess Londons Pecan Tassies, picturelink: 14BTHcVsTvPn7AXPgE3GEGEd4jrMXm}, 9162: {instructions: Peel the yucca and cut into 1inch cubes. Place in a large pot of salted water and bring to a boil. Simmer and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and allow to cool.nSet a large skillet or saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and fry the yucca until crispy, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain and season with salt. Add the peppers, garlic and onions to the pan and saute until well caramelized, 7 to 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Fold the corn, peas and crispy fried yucca back into the pan and heat through. Season with salt, pepper and paprika. Toss to combine everything and serve hot., ingredients: [2 pounds yucca, Kosher salt, 12 cup canola oil, 1 cup chopped shishito peppers or green bell peppers 2 to 3 ounces, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 sweet Vidalia onion, sliced, Freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup corn, frozen and thawed or cut from the cob of 1 ear, grilled, 12 cup frozen peas, thawed, 2 teaspoons paprika], title: Crispy Yucca Hash, picturelink: SqZMjjgc.RFVqqRuy6wbodMYfeTNWKi}, 9163: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350F.nPreheat heavy skillet to medium temperature. Remove sausage from casing and add to skillet along with garlic and oregano. Cook, stirring until sausage is browned. Remove from heat and spoon sausage on paper towellined plate to drain if necessary and let cool.nOn lightly flowered surface, roll pizza crust into 8 x 12inch rectangle. Top center of dough with sausage mixture and then cheeses. Fold long sides of dough over sausage mixture and cheeses, overlapping. Enclose ends and brush with beaten egg.nBake on baking sheet sprayed with nonstick cooking spray for 2025 minutes, until golden brown. Cool slightly on a rack then cut into oneinch slices., ingredients: [8 oz. Italianstyle turkey sausage, 3 cloves garlic, mashed and minced, 4 oz. grated mozzarella cheese, 13cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 Tbs. oregano, 10 oz. can refrigerated pizza crust dough, 1 large egg, beaten], title: Turkey Sausage Bread, picturelink: null}, 9164: {}, 9165: {instructions: Heat a large skillet or saucepan over medium heat and add the vinegar. When it begins to simmer, add the Brussels sprouts. Cook until the sprouts are just soft, about 5 minutes, then remove from the heat.nIn a large bowl, combine the mayonnaise, buttermilk, lemon juice, sugar, mustard, celery salt, 14 teaspoon salt and a dash of pepper. Whisk until blended and smooth. Add the Brussels sprouts and toss to coat. Refrigerate at least 4 hours, preferably overnight., ingredients: [12 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 ounces shaved Brussels sprouts about 3 cups, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 4 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon celery salt, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Brussels Sprouts Slaw, picturelink: null}, 9166: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 1 inch of canola oil in a heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 365 degrees F.nSet up a breading station: Place the flour with 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in one baking dish, the eggs in another and the breadcrumbs, panko and another 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a third dish.nToss the ravioli in the flour to coat, then in the egg wash and finally in the breadcrumbs so they are fully covered. Add the breaded ravioli to the oil and fry in batches until they are golden in color, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle with a pinch of salt after frying and add to your favorite salad or soup, ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, beaten, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, One 13ounce package frozen mini cheese ravioli], title: Frozen Ravioli Croutons, picturelink: Us71AjWTECbEiYjqTvCmui1jea65t6K}, 9167: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFry the bacon in a skillet over medium heat until crisp. Remove to a paper towellined plate and pour off the excess grease.nReturn the skillet to the stove over high heat. Add a couple tablespoons of butter. When its melted and the skillet is hot, add the onions, bell peppers and jalapenos. Stir the veggies around and cook until starting to soften and turn golden brown.nMeanwhile, mix together the halfandhalf, eggs and some salt and pepper in a bowl. Pour the egg mixture into the skillet with the veggies. Scoot the eggs around the skillet with a spatula, cooking slowly, until the eggs are done. Turn off the heat and set aside.nTo assemble the quesadillas, set a griddle or skillet over mediumlow heat and add some butter. Toss together the grated Cheddar and Monterey Jack in a bowl. Put a tortilla on the griddle and add a layer of cheese, a layer of the cooked eggs and veggies, a layer of bacon slices, a layer of avocado if using and another layer of cheese. Top with a second tortilla. Cook on both sides, flipping carefully, until the cheeses are totally melted and the filling is hot. Repeat with the other tortillas and ingredients.nSlice the 3 quesadillas into 4 wedges each. Serve on a plate with sour cream and pico de gallo or salsa or grab them and head out the door., ingredients: [1 pound thin bacon, Butter, for the pan, 1 onion, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and diced, 14 cup halfandhalf, 8 large eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup freshly grated Cheddar, 34 cup freshly grated Monterey Jack cheese, 6 wholewheat tortillas, Avocado slices, for topping, optional, Sour cream, for serving, Storebought or homemade pico de gallo or salsa, for serving], title: Breakfast Quesadillas, picturelink: 2NoUOQ78ix9OVD6cBAB8hZyKkL5IH7e}, 9168: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nOn parchment paper, draw lines 4 inches apart for rows if you want a guide. The rows should have 1 inch between them. Pencil side down, line a sheet pan with the parchment paper.nIn a mixer, whip the yolks and the granulated sugar until light, fluffy, and ribbony then mix in the vanilla extract.nIn a separate clean dry bowl, whip the egg whites on low until foamy, then whip on medium, adding the powdered sugar gradually. Increase the speed to high and whip until stiff. Sift half the flour over the yolks and fold in. Fold in the whipped egg whites then fold in the remaining sifted flour.nPlace a large plain tip in a pastry bag and fill it with the batter. Pipe thick stripes of batter, 4 inches long, at a diagonal in finger shapes, leaving 1 12 inches in between them to allow for expansion. Sift or sprinkle powdered sugar heavily over the top surface and bake until golden brown, about 8 to10 minutes. Let cool and then peel them off the paper.nServe with whole strawberries hit with a little whipped cream., ingredients: [5 eggs, separated, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup powdered sugar, plus more as needed, 1 scant cup cake flour, 1 pint whole strawberries, washed, 1 can whipped cream keep chilled or in a cooler], title: Ladyfingers with Strawberries and Cream, picturelink: null}, 9169: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Drain the tuna, reserving 2 tablespoons oil. Toss the tuna, reserved oil, 14 cup parsley, the olives, red onion, the juice of 12 lemon, the smoked paprika, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl. Spread the tuna salad on 4 of the pita halves top with the cheese and the remaining pita halves.nHeat 2 teaspoons olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. One at a time, add the sandwiches and cook until lightly toasted, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake until warmed through, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, toss the arugula, tomatoes, cucumbers, the remaining 14 cup parsley, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon olive oil and the juice of the remaining 12 lemon in a medium bowl season with salt and pepper. Cut the tuna melts into wedges. Serve with the arugula salad.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [3 7ounce cans oilpacked light tuna preferably Italian, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup pitted kalamata olives, chopped, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, Juice of 1 lemon, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 whole pitas, each split into 2 rounds, 4 ounces muenster or halloumi cheese, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cups baby arugula, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 Persian cucumbers, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced], title: Mediterranean Tuna Melts, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 9170: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the short rib and steak tip cubes on a baking sheet in a single layer, leaving a 12inch space around each chunk. Freeze the meat until very firm and starting to harden around the edges, but still pliable, 15 to 25 minutes.nPlace half of the meat in a food processor and pulse until coarsely ground, ten to fifteen 1second pulses, stopping and redistributing the meat around the bowl as necessary to ensure it is evenly ground. Transfer the meat to a baking sheet, overturning the bowl and without directly touching the meat. Repeat the grinding process with the remaining meat cubes. Spread the meat over the baking sheet and inspect carefully, discarding any long strands of gristle or large chunks of hard meat or fat. Evenly divide the meat into 12 balls and season aggressively with salt and pepper.nHeat a castiron skillet over high heat. Working in batches, cook the patties. As soon as you put the balls in the skillet, press each one down once with a strong metal spatula into a 12inch patty or until just larger than your bun size up your buntomeat ratios people. Do not smoosh them again. Cook until the patties are crusty brown on the bottom, 4 to 5 minutes, then flip once and finish the other side while a piece of cheese melts on top, 4 to 5 minutes more. Stack into 3 patties and set aside to rest. Repeat with the remaining patties.nOn a nonstick flatbottomed pan preferably square, butter and toast the buns until golden brown, keeping an eye on them so they dont burn, about 5 minutes.nBuild each burger on a bun with 3 patties, Crispy Pickled Cherry Peppers and a schmear of the 18,000 Island Dressing. ServenHeat the oil in a heavybottomed pot to 350 degrees F. Combine the rice flour and seasoned salt in a shallow dish. Dredge the wet cherry peppers in the flour mixture and fry in the oil until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes.nMix the mayonnaise, jalapenos, ketchup, mustard and garlic together in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 12 pounds boneless short ribs, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 12 pounds sirloin steak tips, cut into 1inch cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 slices white American cheese, Butter, for buttering the buns, 4 fresh brioche buns, Crispy Pickled Cherry Peppers, recipe follows, 18,000 Island Dressing, recipe follows, 2 cups vegetable oil, 12 cup rice flour, 1 teaspoon seasoned salt, 1 cup sliced pickled red cherry peppers, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons diced pickled jalapenos, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon granulated garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Triple Cheese Griddle Burgers with Crispy Cherry Peppers, picturelink: rnxI7l3r266CslQ67fJhuDWHB1.uNQS}, 9171: {instructions: For the salsa: Heat the vegetable oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the peppers and onion and cook until the onion is translucent, 8 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, blend together the tomatoes and tomato sauce in a large blender until smooth. Once the peppers and onions are cooked, stir the tomato sauce mixture into the saucepan. Bring to a boil then reduce to a simmer and stir in the cumin, oregano and black pepper. Simmer for 10 minutes taste for seasoning and add salt if needed. Keep warm. Makes about 5 cups.nFor the queso sauce: Put the cheese and jalapenos in a heatsafe blender. Bring the milk to a boil over mediumhigh heat in a medium saucepan. Carefully pour the hot milk into the blender and blend until smooth. Return to the saucepan and keep warm over low heat.nMakes about 2 cups.nFor the burrito: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sliced steak and brown on one side. Loosen the meat with a spatula or spoon and brown the meat on the other side. Season with salt and pepper and remove from the skillet.nPut the tortilla on a microwavesafe dish and cover it with a damp paper towel. Heat in the microwave until quite hot and pliable, about 20 seconds. Discard the paper towel.nPut the refried beans, steak, rice, onion, cilantro, and cheese horizontally across the center of the tortilla, leaving a 2inch border at both ends. Fold the left and right sides inwards perpendicular to the filling, then roll the burrito from front to back, pulling the filling tightly until the bottom of the burrito is now on top. Top with up to 1 cup of the salsa and about the same amount of queso sauce. Serve with sour cream, guacamole, and shredded lettuce if desired. Remaining salsa and queso sauce can be kept for up to 1 week, refrigerated., ingredients: [Salsa:, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 12 white onion, chopped, One 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes in sauce, One 28ounce can tomato sauce, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground oregano, 12 teaspoon black pepper, Queso Sauce:, 1 pound melting white American cheese, preferably Land o Lakes, 14 cup pickled jalapenos, 2 cups milk, Burrito:, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 4 ounces sirloin or skirt steak, sliced into bitesize pieces, Kosher salt and black pepper, 1 large flour tortilla, 12 cup canned refried beans, warm, 12 cup cooked Mexican or Spanish rice, warm, 2 tablespoons chopped white onion, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, For serving, optional: Sour cream guacamole shredded lettuce], title: Mexican Wet Burrito, picturelink: null}, 9172: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nArrange the wonton wrappers on the sheet and spray them with cooking spray. Sprinkle them evenly with the granulated sugar, and then bake until golden brown, about 5 minutes.nRemove from the oven and arrange 4 of the wontons on a serving platter or individual dessert dishes. Top each one with 2 tablespoons of the whipped topping and then oneeighth of the mandarin sections. Top each with a second wonton wrapper. Repeat the layers whipped topping, mandarin oranges, wonton wrapper. Sift the confectioners sugar over the top layer and serve., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 12 wonton wrappers, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 cup whipped nondairy dessert topping or whipped cream, 1 11ounce can mandarin oranges in light syrup, drained, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar], title: Mandarin Napoleons with Sugared Wonton Wrappers, picturelink: null}, 9173: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the rosemary, thyme, bay leaf and cloves into cheesecloth and secure with twine. This will be your bouquet garni.nFor the veal shanks, pat dry with paper towels to remove any excess moisture. Veal shanks will brown better when they are dry. Secure the meat to the bone with the kitchen twine. Season each shank with salt and freshly ground pepper. Dredge the shanks in flour, shaking off excess.nIn a large Dutch oven pot, heat vegetable oil until smoking. Add tied veal shanks to the hot pan and brown all sides, about 3 minutes per side. Remove browned shanks and reserve.nIn the same pot, add the onion, carrot and celery. Season with salt at this point to help draw out the moisture from the vegetables. Saute until soft and translucent, about 8 minutes. Add the tomato paste and mix well. Return browned shanks to the pan and add the white wine and reduce liquid by half, about 5 minutes. Add the bouquet garni and 2 cups of the chicken stock and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover pan and simmer for about 1 12 hours or until the meat is falling off the bone. Check every 15 minutes, turning shanks and adding more chicken stock as necessary. The level of cooking liquid should always be about 34 the way up the shank.nCarefully remove the cooked shanks from the pot and place in decorative serving platter. Cut off the kitchen twine and discard.nRemove and discard bouquet garni from the pot.nPour all the juices and sauce from the pot over the shanks. Garnish with chopped parsley and lemon zest., ingredients: [1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 dry bay leaf, 2 whole cloves, Cheesecloth, Kitchen twine, for bouquet garni and tying the veal shanks, 3 whole veal shanks about 1 pound per shank, trimmed, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, All purpose flour, for dredging, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 small onion, diced into 12inch cubes, 1 small carrot, diced into 12inch cubes, 1 stalk celery, diced into 12 inch cubes, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 cups chicken stock, 3 tablespoons fresh flatleaf Italian parsley, chopped, 1 tablespoon lemon zest], title: Osso Buco, picturelink: 6UqENxp5bkS0fVkgSMcauv8fgvQD8aa}, 9174: {instructions: Cut the chicken into serving pieces. The breast pieces should be cut in half. Place the chicken in a bowl and cover with the buttermilk overnight.nIn a medium size bowl, combine the flour, paprika, cumin, cayenne, salt, and pepper.nHeat enough oil to a depth of about 34inch in a large heavy skillet. When the oil is medium hot dip the chicken pieces in the flour mixture and fry, without crowding the chicken. If necessary, use 2 skillets or fry in batches.nReduce the heat to medium and fry until the coating becomes a deep golden brown, turning the chicken as needed. The white meat should be done in 20 to 25 minutes, dark meat in about 35 minutes. Juices should run clear when the chicken is pricked with a fork. Squeeze lime juice over the chicken 10 minutes before it is done. Drain chicken on paper towels., ingredients: [2 chickens, 2 123 pounds each, 2 cups buttermilk, 1 12 cups flour, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon cumin, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Shortening or vegetable oil for frying, 23 limes], title: Fried Chili Chicken, picturelink: null}, 9175: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter a 9inch baking dish.nArrange the bread cubes tightly in the prepared baking dish. Beat together the butter, milk, vanilla and eggs in a large bowl. Add the granulated and brown sugars and mix until dissolved. Pour the mixture over the bread.nPut the baking dish on a baking sheet. Bake until the crust is golden brown, 55 to 70 minutes. Let rest for 20 minutes before serving with Whiskey Cream Sauce.nCombine the butter, cream, sugar and whiskey in a saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture reaches a low boil. Pour a small amount over the individual servings of bread pudding., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, melted, plus more for the baking dish, 5 cups sourdough bread cubes 1inch cubes, 5 cups milk, 3 tablespoons vanilla, 4 large eggs, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup lightly packed brown sugar, Whiskey Cream Sauce, recipe follows, for serving, 1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup whiskey], title: Plain and Perfect Bread Pudding, picturelink: et7YwlIbP4DxS3dHSNiXXSTH9VAus4K}, 9176: {instructions: 1. Stir 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup ketchup, and chopped parsley together in a small bowl. Cover and keep chilled.n2. Sift cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cayenne through a fine meshed sieve into a large bowl. Stir in buttermilk, egg, and scallions, until a batter is formed. Do not over mix.n3. Pour 2 inches of frying oil into a large heavybottomed pot. Heat oil to 375F. over medium heat. Working in small batches, drop batter from an oiled tablespoon into hot oil. Fry until hushpuppies are golden brown and cooked through, about 4 minutes per batch. Remove, using a slotted spoon, to a paper towellined plate and sprinkle with salt. Serve immediately.n1. Stir 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup ketchup, and chopped parsley together in a small bowl. Cover and keep chilled.n2. Sift cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cayenne through a fine meshed sieve into a large bowl. Stir in buttermilk, egg, and scallions, until a batter is formed. Do not over mix.n3. Pour 2 inches of frying oil into a large heavybottomed pot. Heat oil to 375F. over medium heat. Working in small batches, drop batter from an oiled tablespoon into hot oil. Fry until hushpuppies are golden brown and cooked through, about 4 minutes per batch. Remove, using a slotted spoon, to a paper towellined plate and sprinkle with salt. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 1 cup stoneground yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt plus to taste, Pinch cayenne, 1 14 cup butter milk, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 scallions, finely chopped, plus more, sliced, for garnish, Vegetable oil for frying, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 1 cup stoneground yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt plus to taste, Pinch cayenne, 1 14 cup butter milk, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 scallions, finely chopped, plus more, sliced, for garnish, Vegetable oil for frying], title: Hushpuppies, picturelink: null}, 9177: {instructions: Peel and remove the skin from the avocados. Place the avocados in a large bowl and crush them using a fork. Add the mangos, onion, cilantro, bell pepper, olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Mix until well blended but chunky.nTo serve, place on a platter with your favorite dipping chips., ingredients: [4 avocados, 2 mangos, diced, 1 red onion, diced, 1 bunch cilantro, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 9178: {instructions: Melt the chocolate in a bowl over hot water.nBeat the egg whites until very stiff. Add the caster sugar and whisk again until stiff and the sugar is dissolved. Bring the milk to a simmering point in a wide flat pan. Shape the egg white mass into a round flat cake and poach this gently in the simmering milk for a few minutes, turn it carefully with a fish slicer or long spatula and poach the other side. Leave to drain on kitchen paper or a clean cloth.nBeat the egg yolks and half the sugar into the melted chocolate and pour the slightly cooled milk over the mixture. Place over hot not boiling water in a double boiler. Cook stirring constantly until the mixture thickens to the consistency of thin cream. Pour into a glass bowl and place the egg whites on top. Chill.nTen minutes before serving, caramelize the remaining sugar in a heavy saucepan and pour over the egg whites., ingredients: [4 ounces plain dark chocolate, 6 eggs, separated, l2 tablespoon caster sugar superfine, 1 12 pints 24 ounces full cream whole milk, 4 ounces granulated sugar], title: Chocolate Egg Snowball, picturelink: null}, 9179: {instructions: Spray a miniature loaf pan 5 34 by 3 14 by 2inches with nonstick vegetable spray. In a medium saucepan bring 2 cups salted water to a boil. Whisking constantly, add polenta in a slow steady stream. Reduce heat to medium and continue to cook, whisking constantly for 3 minutes. Stir in grated Parmesan, salt, pepper and butter. Pour polenta into prepared pan. Transfer to refrigerator until completely cool, about 2 hours. You can also serve the mushrooms over soft polenta, if desired.nIn a large skillet, heat 2 tablespoons oil over high heat. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Stir in parsley and thyme. Add Madeira and cook, stirring to scrape up browned bits from the bottom of the pan, until liquid is almost evaporated, about 2 minutes. Taste and adjust for seasoning.nWhile mushrooms are cooking, remove polenta from refrigerator. Using a small spatula, loosen polenta and remove from pan. Turn out onto cutting board and cut into 12inch slices. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add polenta slices and cook until golden brown, about 4 minutes per side, add additional oil as needed to avoid sticking. Serve topped with sauteed mushrooms and garnished with Parmesan curls. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable spray, 12 cup instant polenta, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus curls for garnish, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 to 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, cut crosswise into 12inch pieces, 1 pound button or cremini mushrooms, trimmed and quartered, 14 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup Madeira], title: Sauteed Mushrooms with Polenta, picturelink: null}, 9180: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil in a sauce pot over medium heat. Add the orzo and toast until deeply golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the rice and toss with the orzo. Add the stock and bring to boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover and cook 16 to 17 minutes until tender. Stir in the arugula and cheese and toss to combine. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup orzo pasta, 1 cup white rice, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 cups chopped arugula, 2 handfuls grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Rice Pilaf with Arugula, picturelink: null}, 9181: {instructions: Make the rouille: Puree the mayonnaise, roasted red peppers, olive oil, lemon juice, garlic and a pinch of salt in a blender until smooth. Transfer to a small bowl refrigerate until ready to serve.nPrepare the bouillabaisse: Grate the tomato flesh on the large holes of a box grater down to the skins reserve the skins separately. Peel and devein the shrimp, reserving the shells and tails for the broth clean and debeard the mussels. Refrigerate the seafood until ready to use.nMake the broth: Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp shells and tails and cook, stirring, until bright red, about 3 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste until incorporated, about 30 seconds. Add the clam juice, 4 cups water, the reserved tomato skins, the orange zest and 14 cup of the sliced fennel. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium simmer until the liquid is reduced to about 4 cups, 12 to 15 minutes. Strain the broth through a finemesh sieve set over a bowl, pressing on the solids to extract the liquid reserve the broth.nWipe out the pot and heat the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat. Add the remaining fennel, the shallot, garlic and a pinch of salt partially cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the fennel begins to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the reserved grated tomato flesh and cook, stirring, until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Stir in the saffron, then add the wine and simmer until the liquid is reduced by about twothirds, about 4 minutes. Add the reserved broth and return to a simmer.nAdd the mussels to the pot cover and cook 4 minutes. Add any thick pieces of fish and cook, covered, 2 minutes. Add the remaining fish and the shrimp and cook, covered, until the mussels open and the fish and shrimp are just cooked through, 3 to 4 more minutes. Discard any mussels that do not open. Season with salt and pepper.nSpread the baguette with the rouille and serve with the bouillabaisse. Sprinkle with parsley.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup chopped jarred roasted red peppers, drained and patted dry, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, Kosher salt, 4 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 1 pound large shellon shrimp, 1 pound mussels, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 8ounce bottles clam juice, 1 wide strip orange zest, 1 bulb fennel, quartered, cored and thinly sliced, 1 large shallot, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt, Small pinch of saffron threads, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 12 pounds firm white fish such as cod, monkfish or black sea bass, cut into 3inch pieces, Freshly ground pepper, 1 baguette, sliced and toasted, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley], title: Bouillabaisse, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 9182: {instructions: Make chicken broth: In a deep stockpot, place the chicken, onion, cloves, peppercorns, parsley, and garlic and cover with water. Bring to a boil and then reduce to a simmer and cook until the chicken is completely cooked through and tender. Remove chicken from the broth and reserve cover and refrigerate as you will not be using it for a while. Let the broth cool. Skim any fat from the surface and then divide broth into 2 equalsize batches.nIn a hot, dry, large skillet roast the chiles and then add them to 1 half of the broth. In the same skillet, toast the black peppercorns and cinnamon stick separately over medium heat until fragrant, about 1 minute, and then add them to the chicken broth with the chiles.nIn the same skillet, heat 14 cup oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the sliced onion and saute until transparent remove onion and reserve. To the hot oil, add the chopped garlic and saute until fragrant, being careful not to burn it remove garlic and reserve. To the hot oil, add the plantain slices and fry until golden remove plantain and reserve. To the hot oil, add the peanuts and fry until golden remove peanuts and reserve. To the hot oil, add the tortilla and fry until crisp remove tortilla and reserve. Finally, fry the bread in the hot oil until crisp remove bread and reserve.nAdd everything that has just been fried to the chicken broth with the chiles. Add the chocolate, raisins, and the roasted tomato to this same mixture and stir to combine. In batches, add mixture to a blender and blend until smooth. Pour the blended mixture into a large bowl.nIn a dry medium saucepan over medium heat, roast the sesame seeds until they are fragrant do not brown. Transfer the sesame seeds to the blender with half of the remaining plain chicken broth and blend until smooth. Add sesame seed mixture to the large bowl with the other pureed ingredients. In the same saucepan, roast the squash seeds over medium heat until they become puffy. Transfer the squash seeds to the blender with the remaining chicken broth and blend until smooth. Add squash seed mixture to the large bowl with everything else.nIn a cazuela or a large, heavybottomed wide pot, heat the remaining 1 cup of oil over high heat. When the oil is really hot, add the mole, bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat and simmer for at least 1 hour, stirring occasionally so that it does not stick to the pot. Then add the chicken and simmer for another 15 minutes. Serve with tortillas., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, or 4 pounds legs and thighs, 1 medium onion, halved, 3 whole cloves, 3 whole black peppercorns, 3 sprigs fresh parsley, 1 head garlic, halved, 5 ancho chiles, seeded, and cut into small strips, 3 pasilla chiles, seeded, and cut into small strips, 5 to 6 cascabel chiles, seeded, and cut into small strips, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 1 cinnamon stick about 5 inches long, 1 14 cups canola or corn oil, 1 medium onion, sliced, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 plantain platano macho, peeled and sliced, 12 cup peanuts, 1 mediumsize tortilla, cut into triangles, plus more for serving, 1 slice bread, cut into 4 pieces, 5 ounces Mexican Chocolate recommended: Ibarra or Mi Abuelita, 12 cup raisins, 1 tomato, roasted, 1 cup sesame seeds, 12 cup green squash seeds pepitas], title: Mole Colorado, picturelink: null}, 9183: {instructions: Toss half of a thinly sliced baguette with olive oil, then spread on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, about 7 minutes. Top with 2 cups pizza sauce, 3 cups shredded mozzarella and 12 cup shredded parmesan. Bake, then sprinkle with chopped basil.nPhotograph by Jonny Valiant, ingredients: [], title: Pizza Nachos, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 9184: {instructions: Split open and quarter 1 baguette. Layer thick slices of sharp provolone and thinly sliced soppressata on the bread. Add some baby arugula and drizzle with sweet Italian vinaigrette.nServe with Pasta Fazool.nPasta FazoolnCook the pancetta in a large Dutch oven over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the fat has rendered and the pancetta is crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove the pancetta to paper towels to drain, reserving the fat in the pot.nAdd the onion, Italian seasoning, red pepper flakes and a couple pinches of salt to the pot and saute, stirring frequently, until the onion is translucent, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and saute until fragrant, about 15 seconds.nDeglaze the pot with the wine and bring to a simmer, scraping the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon.nAdd the chicken stock, beans, tomatoes and 1 cup water to the pot. Increase the heat to medium high and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until slightly thickened, about 30 minutes.nPuree the soup with an immersion blender, about 30 seconds, keeping at least half of the beans intact or puree in a regular blender, then return to the pot. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, 8 to 12 minutes. Stir in the pancetta and half each of the parmesan and basil. Adjust the seasoning, if necessary, and garnish with the remaining parmesan and basil.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [6 ounces pancetta, diced, 1 small yellow onion, finely diced, 1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 15 ounce cans cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 1 15 ounce can crushed tomatoes, 34 cup ditalini or other small pasta, 1 cup grated parmesan cheese about 2 ounces, 1 cup roughly chopped fresh basil], title: Soppressata Sandwiches, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 9185: {instructions: Into a large bowl sift the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon and allspice. In another large bowl combine sugar eggs and melted butter.Whisk mixture to finish combining. Adds 13 cup of the milk and l cup flour mixture to bowl containing the sugar and eggs. Adds remaining flour mixture alternately with the remaining 23 cup milk, 13 cup at a time. Combine mixture well and chill for l hour.nTurn dough out onto a lightly floured surface adding just enough flour to form a soft dough. Halve the dough and refrigerate one half while preparing the first batch of doughnuts. Roll dough l3 inch thick and with a floured doughnut cutter, cut out rounds. Add enough oil to a deep fat fryer or heavy saucepan to measure 3 inches in depth. Heat the oil to 365 degrees F. Add doughnuts to heated oil along with the holes, 2 to 3 at a time until golden brown. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Roll doughnuts and holes in vanilla sugar., ingredients: [3 12 cups flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon allspice, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 1 cup milk, Vanilla sugar], title: Spiced Sugar Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 9186: {instructions: To season and cook the pork chops: Stir together the oregano, thyme, paprika, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Set the pork chops on a cutting board and season both sides of each chop with the spice blend. Heat a large skillet over high heat for 1 minute. Add the canola oil, and once it shimmers, add the chops. Reduce the heat to mediumhigh and cook, without moving the chops, until they are nicely browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip the chops and cook on the other side until browned and the centers resist light pressure, 2 to 3 minutes more. Transfer to a plate and set aside. To cook the zucchini: Add the zucchini to the skillet with the salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the zucchini softens, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the herbs, then transfer the zucchini to a medium bowl. Stir in the tomato, olive oil, and lemon juice, then sprinkle with the feta cheese. Divide the zucchini among 4 plates and serve with the pork chops., ingredients: [1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 12 to 34inchthick lean bonein pork rib chops, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise and sliced crosswise into 14inchthick pieces, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley basil, mint, or oregano is great, too, 1 medium tomato, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon olive oil, Juice of 12 lemon, 14 cup finely crumbled feta cheese about 2 ounces], title: Greek Pork Chops with Zucchini and Feta, picturelink: fW3V6R5y1ayqkEMw1PEJIqIDvX8XcNG}, 9187: {instructions: 1. Spread a large piece of foil on a work surface. Heat a large skillet over high heat until very hot. Place one tortilla in skillet and cook until slightly charred and puffy, about 15 seconds per side. Transfer to foil and repeat with remaining tortillas. Wrap tortillas in foil and keep warm.n2. Whisk eggs and salt together in a large bowl. Heat oil in skillet over medium high heat until it just begins to smoke. Add eggs and stir until large, firm curds form, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in cheese.n3. Place an even amount of eggs and avocado in center of each tortilla and top each with 1 tablespoon of salsa. Fold one edge of each tortilla over filling fold in sides and roll toward open end to form into packages. Serve with additional salsa.n1. Position rack in upper shelf of oven and preheat broiler. Line a broiler pan with foil and arrange tomatillos, onion, and garlic in a single layer. Broil vegetables, turning occasionally, until soft and evenly charred, about 12 minutes. Remove from broiler and let cool.n2. Squeeze garlic cloves out of their skins and puree pulp, onions, and chipotle chiles in a blender until smooth. Add tomatillos, and their juices, and pulse to a chunky consistency. Add cilantro, salt, and sugar and pulse to combine.n3. Transfer salsa to a bowl and let sit at room temperature until flavors meld, about 30 minutes. Serve immediately or refrigerate, covered, for up to 3 days., ingredients: [4 10inch flour tortillas, 8 large eggs, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese about 2 ounces, 12 Hass avocado, sliced, 1 12 cups Salsa Verde or 1 recipe Salsa Verde Asada see below, 112 pounds tomatillos about 20, husked and well washed, 1 small onion, sliced and separated into rings, 4 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 1 to 2 chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, chopped, 18 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 teaspoons kosher salt], title: Breakfast Burritos, picturelink: null}, 9188: {instructions: Beat together eggs and water until blended. In a 10inch omelet pan heat butter until just hot enough to sizzle a drop of water. Pour in egg mixture. Mixture should set immediately at edges. With an inverted pancake turner, carefully push cooked portions at edges toward center so uncooked portions can reach hot pan surface, tilting pan and moving as necessary. Continue until the egg is set and will not flow.nFill the omelet with 12 cup of desired mixture. With a pancake turner, fold omelet in half. Invert onto plate and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 eggs, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon butter, or 1 teaspoon oil], title: 40Second Omelet, picturelink: null}, 9189: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSift together flour and salt into a bowl.nIn the bowl of a standing mixer, add the butter and mix on mediumhigh until fluffy and light. Add the sugar and the eggs, 1 at a time, until and mix until combined. Add vanilla and cinnamon. Reduce the speed to low and gradually add the flour to the butter, sugar, egg mixture. Mix until batter looks smooth. Place dough onto a flowered cutting board and cut the dough into quarters, flatten and wrap with the plastic. Chill in the refrigerator for 2 12 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWith a rolling pin covered in flour, roll out dough quarters 1 at a time, on a floured work surface to 14 to 18inch thick. Use a variety of cutters to cut out cookies. Transfer to a baking sheet lined with parchment and space cookies about 1 12inches apart.nBake cookies until they are golden brown, about 8 minutes. Using a using a spatula, transfer cookies to a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for work surface, 34 teaspoon salt, 3 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 14 cups sifted sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Shelbis Butter Cookies, picturelink: lKD0BIbeeFM4cyDmtORHDR7uvnYARHe}, 9190: {instructions: Preheat the broiler and put a rack in the middle of the oven. Arrange individual casseroles or a large casserole dish on a baking sheet and set near the stove.nPut the potatoes and the parsnips in a medium pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil, over high heat, then salt the water and cook until the potatoes and parsnips are tender, 15 minutes or so. Drain and return the potatoes and parsnips to the hot pot. Add the horseradish, milk, chives, salt and pepper, to taste, and mash to desired consistency. Stir in 1 cup of the cheese and the egg.nMeanwhile, heat a Dutch oven or large skillet over high heat with extravirgin olive oil 4 turns of the pan. Add the mushrooms, and the rosemary leaves and cook for 10 minutes. Stir in the carrot and onion and season liberally with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook for 5 minutes more, then stir in the garlic and the kale and season with nutmeg. Cook until the kale wilts, about 2 minutes. Stir in the Worcestershire sauce and the stock and bring to a boil. In a small skillet, over low heat, melt the butter, whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute, then stir it into the sauce to thicken. Transfer the vegetable mixture to the individual dishes or large casserole. Top with the mashed potatoes, sprinkle with the remaining cheese, and brown under the broiler for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [4 mediumlarge starchy Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, 2 parsnips, peeled and cut into thick slices, Salt, 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 34 cup milk, 3 to 4 tablespoons chopped chives, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups supersharp white Cheddar, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 medium portobello mushroom caps, wiped clean, gills scraped, and chopped into bitesized pieces, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves finely chopped, 1 large carrot, peeled and chopped, 1 mediumlarge onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 small bundle Dinosaur, Tuscan or black kale, stemmed and thinly sliced, A few grates nutmeg, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 3 cups mushroom stock or vegetable stock, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: Meatless Shepherds Pie with HorseradishCheddar Potatoes, picturelink: fdkJq.g6xlZHontxlej81lbLQnOz38S}, 9191: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour a 15 12 by 10 12 by 1inch jelly roll pan set aside.nCombine the butter, yolks, sugar, cinnamon and flour and mix until you form a cohesive ball of dough. Spread the dough onto the prepared jelly roll pan and bake for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile cook the almonds, sugar, butter, honey and milk, stirring on occasion, until the mixture is light golden.nRemove baked dough spread almonds mixture over the top and bake for 15 to 20 minutes longer until dark golden. Cool and cut into squares or rectangles be sure to cut the cookies before they turn too hard., ingredients: [12 pound butter, 2 egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, Scant 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups unsifted flour, 12 pound sliced blanched almonds, 34 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons milk], title: Aunt Giseles Caramel Cookies, picturelink: null}, 9192: {instructions: If using dry beans, pick over the beans and rinse them. Cover beans with water by at least 3 inches and soak the beans for 24 hours. Change the water 1 time about 12 hours after the soaking process starts.nRemove fat and tendons from the chicken and place the chicken breast in a container that can be covered. Zest 1 of the limes and sprinkle the lime zest over the chicken breast. Using a lemon reamer, juice all 3 limes and pour the juice over the chicken breast. Pour the tequila over the chicken and add 1 teaspoon cumin and 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper. Sprinkle red pepper flakes over the chicken and marinate for 3 hours.nHeat olive oil in stock pot and add onion and saute for about 10 minutes until translucent. Add the garlic, green chilis, cumin, cayene pepper, and cloves and saute for 10 minutes.nAdd beans and chicken stock and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until the beans are tender, about 2 hours. If using canned beans, complete step 5 below and then add the cooked chicken and reduce simmering time.nHeat grill after the chili has simmered for about 2 hours. Grill the chicken breast for 5 minutes and pour remaining marinade over the chicken breast on the grill. Turn the chicken breast and grill the second side for 4 minutes. Remove the chicken breast from the grill and cut into small cubes.nAdd the cubed chicken and 1 cup of cheese to the chili and stir until the cheese melts.nLadle into bowls and serve with remaining cheese, chopped green onions, and sour cream. Salt to taste., ingredients: [3 limes including zest, 12 cup tequila, Red pepper flakes, 1 lb great northern beans 3 16oz cans will work ok if you dont want to use dry beans, 2 lbs boneless skinless chicken breast, 2 large onions chopped, 5 cloves of garlic chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 4 oz cans of green chiles, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon cumin, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper divided, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 6 cups defatted chicken stock canned will work all right, 3 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese, Sour cream, Chopped fresh green onions], title: White Chili Surprise, picturelink: null}, 9193: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn small bowl, stir together Szechuan seasoning and ground ginger. Toss shrimp in mixture.nIn a large skillet, heat oil, over mediumhigh heat. Cook shrimp 3 minutes per side, or until cooked through. Remove and set aside.nCarefully add chicken stock and deglaze by scraping brown bits from bottom of pan. Add preserves and stir until melted. Stir in remaining ingredients. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 4 to 5 minutes.nReturn shrimp to pan and coat in sauce., ingredients: [2 teaspoons Szechuan seasoning, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 pound shelled, deveined shrimp, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup chicken stock, 14 cup ginger preserves recommended: Robertsons, 2 teaspoons crushed garlic, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 14 cup frozen raspberries, thawed], title: Shrimp with GingerGarlic Sauce, picturelink: Vi24wjq14WRAguScLYGGrYNB8Bwziu}, 9194: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the barbecue sauce: In a medium saucepot over medium heat, add the ketchup, apple cider vinegar, dark brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, black pepper, garlic powder, dry mustard, onion powder, hot sauce and 1 cup water and stir to combine. Bring the mixture to a simmer, then reduce the heat to low and cook until the sauce is thickened, about 1 12 hours.nFor the chicken: Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nLightly drizzle some olive oil onto the chicken to prevent the chicken from sticking to the grill pan. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. When the grill pan is hot, add the chicken and cook until char marks appear and the chicken is cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side.nToss the chicken with the barbecue sauce. Let simmer on low until ready to serve, to infuse the chicken with the flavor of the sauce.nFor the sandwich: Spread an even layer of mayonnaise on the top and bottom of a potato bun, add the chicken, a few red onion slices and 2 bread and butter pickles. Top with the other half of the potato bun., ingredients: [2 cups ketchup, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Olive oil, for lightly coating the chicken, 4 chicken cutlets, pounded to 12 inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 potato buns, Mayonnaise, for spreading, 1 medium red onion, sliced, 16 breadandbutter pickle slices], title: Grilled BBQ Chicken Sandwiches, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 9195: {instructions: Mix 12 stick softened butter, 1 small clove grated garlic, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika and 14 teaspoon finely chopped rosemary. Season with salt and pepper. Boil 4 ears corn in salted water until crisptender, about 5 minutes. Drain the corn and dot with the spiced butter.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Corn With Paprika Butter, picturelink: BBdqPtfaCB1kKi0AA8dJnFwEpdd0QT6}, 9196: {instructions: Beat the butter with an electric mixer until creamy, then gradually add the sugar, beating until light and fluffy. Add the egg, vanilla, and milk, and beat thoroughly. Sift the dry ingredients together and add to the mixture. Blend well. Remove dough from bowl onto a floured surface. With floured hands, shape into a log about 4 inches in diameter. Wrap well and refrigerate for at least 3 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Slice cookie dough 18 inch thick and place flat 2 inches apart on ungreased cookies sheet. Bake 8 to 10 minutes until centers are set. Remove from cookies sheets and cool on a wire rack., ingredients: [2 sticks of butter, softened, 2 cups sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 12 cups flour, 12 cup cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder], title: Chocolate Sugar Wafers, picturelink: null}, 9197: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the almonds, goji berries, pumpkin seeds, walnuts and apricots in a medium bowl, and toss together., ingredients: [1 cup raw almonds, 1 cup goji berries, 12 cup raw pumpkin seeds, 12 cup raw sunflower seeds, 12 cup raw walnut halves, 12 dried apricots, quartered], title: Goji Berry Trail Mix, picturelink: LaI587EutTCZtdu7Ajo1fccMQV3ukm}, 9198: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spread the walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet and toast, stirring occasionally, until golden and fragrant, about 8 minutes. Spread the coconut on another rimmed baking sheet and toast, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Let the nuts and coconut cool. Cover the raisins with hot water in a small bowl set aside.nMeanwhile, whisk the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt together in a small bowl.nAdd the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or a large bowl if using a hand mixer and beat on medium speed until creamy. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, until incorporated. Beat in the milk and vanilla until blended. Reduce the speed to low and gradually beat in the flour mixture. Beat in the oats, raisins, walnuts and coconut.nDrop the dough by rounded tablespoons onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake until golden brown, about 12 minutes, switching the positions of the baking sheets halfway through. Cool the cookies on the sheets on wire racks for 1 minute, then transfer to the racks to cool completely., ingredients: [1 12 cups walnut halves, roughly chopped, 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut flakes, 1 cup golden raisins, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 14 cups packed brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 12 cups oldfashioned rolled oats], title: Loaded OatmealRaisin Cookies, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 9199: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the unpeeled garlic cloves in a small ovenproof container and cover with the olive oil. Cover with a lid or aluminum foil. Place in the oven and roast for 20 minutes, or until the cloves are tender when tested with the tip of a knife. Remove the garlic cloves and place on a plate to cool. Strain the olive oil and reserve for later use. Squeeze the roasted garlic out of the skins when cool enough to handle. Puree the garlic by chopping and smashing it with the blade and side of a knife, or with a mortar and pestle.nMeanwhile, peel the potatoes and cut them into 2inch pieces. There will be about 8 cups potatoes. Place them in a large saucepan. Add enough water to cover the potates by 1inch. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt, place the pan over high heat, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, cover the saucepan with lid placed slightly ajar, and simmer the potatoes for 20 to 30 minutes, or until tender when pierced with the tip of a knife.nCombine the milk and goat cheese in small saucepan and heat to a simmer, stirring until there are no lumps. When the potates are cooked, drain them, return them to the pan, and place in the stillwarm oven, uncovered to dry out for 10 minutes.nRemove the potatotes from the oven and pass them, along with the garlic, through a potato ricer or a food mill fitted with the fine disk. Alternatively, the potatoes can be whipped using an electric mixer. Add the reserved garlic oil and the goat cheesemilk mixture and whip the potatoes with a mixer or by hand, adding additional milk if too dry. Reheat, covered, over very low heat if necessary. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 heads garlic, cloves separated but not peeled, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 12 pounds Yukon Golds or new potatoes, Salt, 34 cup milk, plus extra if needed, 4 to 6 ounces 12 to 34 cup fresh goat cheese, softened], title: Garlicky Goat Cheese Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 9200: {instructions: Let cut ginger sit for 2 to 3 hours. The longer it sits the stronger it becomes. Boil ginger in 2 quarts of water. Once water is boiling, add sorrel and cloves. Boil for 30 minutes. Strain and add sugar and wine, to taste. Chill and serve., ingredients: [5 to 6 1inch slices ginger, 1 cup dried sorrel leaves, 1 tablespoon cloves, Brown sugar, Red wine sherry, optional], title: Sorrel Drink, picturelink: null}, 9201: {instructions: Sift the cake flour, baking powder and salt onto a piece of parchment paper or into a medium bowl set aside. Beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla and beat until incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture in 2 batches until just incorporated. Divide between 2 pieces of plastic wrap shape into disks. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour. The dough can be frozen for up to 1 month thaw overnight in the refrigerator before rolling.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Working with 1 disk at a time, roll out the dough on a floured surface, dusting with flour as needed, until about 18 inch thick. Cut out shapes with 2to4inch cookie cutters arrange 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. If the dough becomes too soft as you work, return to the refrigerator until firm. Gather the scraps and refrigerate until firm reroll once to cut out more cookies. Chill the cutouts 30 minutes.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are slightly puffed and just golden, 13 to 15 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely before icing.nBasic Royal Icing:nWhisk one 1pound box confectioners sugar and 2 tablespoons meringue powder in a large bowl. Add 5 tablespoons water and beat with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until soft glossy peaks form, adding up to 1 more tablespoon water if necessary. Cover the bowl with a damp paper towel and plastic wrap until ready to use to prevent the icing from drying out. Makes about 2 14 cups.nHow to Ice Sugar Cookies:nFlooding is a technique used to cover a cookie completely with royal icing. Heres how to do it:nTransfer about 12 cup of the royal icing to a resealable plastic bag and snip a small corner. Use this icing to pipe a thin border around the edge of each cookie. Let set for a few minutes. Thin the remaining icing with a few drops of water until its the consistency of syrup.nPlace half of the thinned icing in a resealable plastic bag and tint the rest with red andor green gel food coloring. Transfer the colored icing to bags. Snip a corner of the white icing bag and pipe a generous amount inside the border of each cookie.nUsing a small offset spatula or the back of a spoon, spread the icing to cover the cookie. Decorate with the colored icing while the white icing is still wet. Let the cookies set at room temperature, at least 1 hour.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [2 12 cups cake flour not selfrising, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Royal icing, for decorating see right], title: Sugar Cookies with Royal Icing, picturelink: YWFoAALQKhg6gjFEiRSLvVpM3njYJRW}, 9202: {instructions: Pour ingredients into a blender and blend until smooth., ingredients: [1 cup Granny Smith apples, peeled, diced, partially frozen, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, freshly squeezed, 12 cup apple juice, 34 cup nonfat frozen vanilla yogurt, 2 tablespoons caramel sauce, 23 cups ice chips], title: Candied Apple, picturelink: null}, 9203: {instructions: Pour the peanut oil into a large 11 x 4inch stainless steel pot fitted with a candy thermometer you want the oil to be at least 1inch deep. Heat the oil to about 380 degrees, or almost smoking.nCut the tortillas in quarters they will seem large and add them in batches to the hot oil without crowding them. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, turning once to brown evenly. Remove the tortillas with a flat wire strainer or tongs and place them on a sheet pan lined with paper towels. Continue cooking the chips until theyre all fried.nMeanwhile, combine the salt, chipotle powder, chili powder, and cumin in a small bowl. While the chips are still hot, sprinkle them evenly with the spice mixture. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [48 ounces 6 cups peanut oil, 10 6inch corn tortillas, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground chipotle powder, 14 teaspoon ground chili powder, 14 teaspoon ground cumin], title: Chili Tortilla Chips, picturelink: tKcqYZxfESSNlidG1jcksiB1xfWR6}, 9204: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 275. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.nWhisk the egg white with 1 tablespoon water in a large bowl until frothy. In a small bowl, combine the sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, the spice blend and cayenne pepper. Toss the nuts in the egg white mixture, then stir in the sugarspice mixture and Worcestershire sauce.nSpoon the nuts onto the prepared baking sheet in small clusters and bake until golden, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool completely, then break into pieces.nPhotograph by Ngoc Minh Ngo, ingredients: [1 large egg white, 23 cup sugar, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie or chai spice blend, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 cups assorted mixed nuts, 2 dashes Worcestershire sauce], title: Sweet Spiced Nuts, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 9205: {instructions: Turn the oven on to its lowest setting. Measure the oil into a very large 12inch skillet and set over mediumhigh heat. If the skin of the 2 halves of the trout is still connected, cut them apart, making 2 fillets. Sprinkle the fish generously with salt and lay skin side up in the hot oil. Cook until golden underneath, 2 to 3 minutes. If they dont fit comfortably in the pan, cook them in 2 batches. Use a spatula to turn the fish and cook for a minute longer, until the flesh separates from the skin use a corner of your spatula check at 1 edge. With the spatula, transfer a pair of fillets to each of 4 dinner plates, flipping them skin side down. Keep warm in the oven.nReduce the heat under the skillet to medium. Add the garlic and cook a few seconds until fragrant, stirring constantly. Pour the broth into the skillet, and add 12 teaspoon salt and the green beans. Cover the skillet a cookie sheet works, if you dont have a lid large enough and cook until the green beans are barely tender, 6 to 7 minutes.nWhile the green beans are cooking, cut the chiles in half lengthwise and scrape out the seeds. Chop finely.nWhen the beans are ready, uncover the skillet and add the chiles. Increase the heat to high and cook for a minute or so to concentrate the broth. Then add the macadamias, cilantro, and lime juice and mix well. Taste and season with salt, probably another 12 teaspoon. Spoon a portion over each fillet and dinners ready. Serve with Roasted Poblano Mashed Potatoes, if desired.nIn a large saucepan over high heat, add potatoes, salt, and enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook, uncovered until soft, about 20 minutes. At the same time, in another small saucepan over low heat, add milk, butter, and chiles and heat until butter is melted. Keep warm.nOnce the potatoes are tender, drain them and mash with a potato masher. Pour the milk mixture into the potatoes and stir to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil, 4 pandressed head and tail off boneless trout they will generally weigh about 6 ounces each, Salt, 3 garlic cloves, peeled and finely chopped or crushed through a garlic press, 23 cup chicken broth, 12 ounces green beans, tops and tails broken off about 4 cups, Fresh hot green chiles I like 2 serranos or 1 jalapeno, stemmed, 12 cup coarsely chopped roasted macadamia nuts about 2 ounces, 23 cup loosely packed chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Roasted Poblano Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, 2 pounds small red potatoes, 1 12 tablespoons salt, Water, 1 12 cups whole milk, 1 stick unsalted butter, 6 poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded, and diced, Freshly ground pepper], title: Trout with Macadamias, Serrano and Green Beans Trucha con Macadamias, Chile Serrano y Ejotes, picturelink: zPdC0yR4MTO.z3LnpG1sKj0l1F.zTHy}, 9206: {instructions: For the cavatelli: Mix the flour and 1 teaspoon salt into a mound on a clean working counter or large cutting board. Make a well in the middle. Build the well as high as possible to avoid water running out. Add some of the water to the well and use a dinner fork or your fingers to gently mix the flour into the water without collapsing the walls of the mound. Using your other hand to support the wall of flour helps keep the water from leaking. As you mix, slowly add more water to form a soft and sticky dough. It should not be either too dry or too wet. When you touch it, it should stick to your finger only slightly. Keep in mind that as you knead, the dough gets softer. If the dough is too wet, add a little flour. Knead the dough with a periodic dust of flour for 10 minutes, until smooth and elastic. Cover the dough with plastic wrap and let it rest about 1 hour. If you dont have time, 20 minutes would do.nThis is only 1 of many ways to shape the cavatelli: Cut off a small piece of dough and roll it into a long rope about 1 centimeter .4 inch in diameter. Cut the dough into 1centimeterlong .4inchlong pieces. Place a piece in front of you horizontally and rest your index and middle fingers on it. Press the dough as you pull your fingers towards you. As you pull, the dough rolls to form the cavatelli shape. Place the pasta pieces on a lightlyfloured baking sheet or plate.nFor the lobster cheese sauce: Heat a stockpot with the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the lobster shellside down and saute for 6 minutes. Add the onions, carrots, celery, garlic and peppercorns and sweat the vegetables, then add the brandy and cook for about 4 minutes. Remove the lobster and set aside. Add 4 cups water to the pot, bring to a boil and simmer until reduced by at least 25 percent.nMeanwhile, make the roux. Add the clarified butter to a pan over low heat and gradually whisk in the flour until it gets very thick.nStrain the stock and place it back in the same pot. Bring to a boil, whisk in the heavy cream and roux and simmer to the desired consistency. Stir in the provolone, asiago, fontina and Parmesan until melted. Stir in the truffle oil.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBring a pot of water to a boil and salt generously. Cook about 6 ounces of the cavatelli until they float to the top and are al dente, about 4 minutes.nFor the crumb topping: Mix together the breadcrumbs, parsley, butter, truffle oil and a pinch salt and pepper in a small bowl.nRemove the lobster meat from the shell and cut it into pieces. Fold it into the cheese sauce, then fold in the pasta. Pour the mixture into an ovensafe dish and top with the crumb topping. Bake for about 6 minutes. Enjoy your Truffled Lobster Mac and Cheese, ingredients: [2 cups durum wheat flour semolina or allpurpose flour or you can use 1 cup durum wheat and 1 cup allpurpose, plus more as needed for dusting and kneading, Salt, 12 to 1 cup roomtemperature water, 3 ounces olive oil, 1 Florida lobster, split and cleaned, 1 cup chopped sweet onions, 12 cup chopped carrots, 12 cup chopped celery, 3 tablespoons crushed or chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 3 ounces brandy, 2 ounces clarified butter, 2 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 ounces grated provolone, 2 ounces grated asiago cheese, 2 ounces grated fontina cheese, 2 ounces grated ParmigianoReggiano, 12 tablespoon truffle oil, 4 ounces panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 ounce butter, at room temperature, 12 ounce truffle oil, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Truffled Lobster Mac and Cheese, picturelink: .sK5.WuzeLh1XecbrT3.WmDnDSPb6C}, 9207: {instructions: In a food processor, place shallots, garlic, coriander, ginger, sesame oil and sambal and puree smooth. Add the soy and puree. Split this marinade into 3 separate containers, a loaf pan would be ideal. Take the lamb chops and pound the meat flat while still attached to the bone, like a lollipop. Butterfly the shrimp flat and skewer parallel to the tail on both sides, 2 skewers. For the chicken, skewer 1 piece per skewer. Marinate the 3 products separately for at least 4 hours and preferably overnight. On a very hot and oiled grill, season and grill the satays for only 1 to 2 minutes a side. Do not overcook. Line a large platter with greens and place satays arounIn a skillet coated well with peanut oil, saute the peanuts until golden brown, about 4 to 6 minutes, drain on paper towels to cool. Transfer to food processor and grind finely. In the same skillet, coat with oil and add the shallots, garlic, chiles and stir 2 minutes until fragrant. Add the kaffir, coconut milk, water, soy, ground peanuts and season. Simmer for 15 to 20 minutes until desired consistency is reached, pesto like. Add the juice and check for seasoning. Serve at room, ingredients: [5 whole shallots, roughly chopped, 5 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon toasted, ground coriander, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sambal, 1 cup sweet soy sauce, kechap manis, 1 rack baby lamb small chops like New Zealand, frenched and cut into individual chops, 12 large shrimp, peeled, tail on, 2 skinless chicken breasts, cut into fingers, Soaked 6inch wooden skewers, Red leaf lettuce or mixed greens for bedding, Salt and black pepper to taste, Peanut oil to cook, 2 cups peanuts, 3 large, sliced shallots, 3 cloves sliced garlic, 6 minced Thai bird chiles, 6 kaffir lime leaves, chiffonade, 1 cup coconut milk, 2 cups water, 2 tablespoons sweet soy, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Budis Mixed Lamb, Chicken, Shrimp, and Veggie Satays with Indonesian Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9208: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, toss all ingredients lightly to combine. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, if necessary., ingredients: [2 cups shredded crab meat, 12 cup bay shrimp, 4 hard boiled eggs, chopped, 1 cup fresh corn kernels, 12 cup pitted medium black olives, 14 cup sliced water chestnuts, 1 12 cups chopped fresh spinach, 12 cup minced Maui onion sweet onion, 12 cup minced celery, 12 cup grated carrots, 2 12 cups mayonnaise, Salt and pepper], title: Shrimp and Crab Salad, picturelink: null}, 9209: {instructions: Whisk together the yogurt, hummus, lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt and hot sauce. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [13 cup Greek yogurt, 13 cup hummus, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt, A few dashes of hot sauce], title: YogurtHummus Dip, picturelink: MnEjL50kzz2HQGunqTvFUjvd3kGANi}, 9210: {instructions: Cream the shortening and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer. Add the vanilla, and egg yolk and mix well.nSift the flour into a separate bowl with the baking powder and salt. Add the flour mixture and milk alternately to the shortening mixture, beginning and ending with the flour mixture, and mix to form a dough. Divide the dough into 2 halves. To one half, add the chocolate, mixing thoroughly. Wrap both sections of dough in separate pieces of plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator for about 1 hour.nUnwrap and roll each half of dough between 2 pieces of waxed paper. Roll to a 18inch thickness. Remove the waxed paper from the top of each layer of dough. Place the white layer on top of the chocolate layer and roll up carefully as you would a jellyroll, using the waxed paper to roll smoothly. Wrap the roll with the waxed paper and chill overnight in the refrigerator.nThe next day, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the roll into 14inch slices see Cooks Note and place about 12 inch apart on ungreased baking sheets. Bake for about 12 minutes. Do not brown. Remove carefully with a pancake turner and cool on racks., ingredients: [12 cup vegetable shortening, such as Crisco, 12 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 large egg yolk, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons milk, 1 ounce 1 square unsweetened baking chocolate, melted], title: Lizzies Chocolate Pinwheel Cookies, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 9211: {instructions: For the bread: In a large bowl, put the yeast and warmed heavy cream and soy milk. Let sit for a couple of minutes until the yeast is foamy. Add the melted butter and egg yolks to the mixture. Mix well. Add the cinnamon and mix well. Scoop the squash out of the skin and add to the mixture along with almonds and with a whisk, blend well into the mixture. Add the cornmeal and mix well. Add the flour, salt and sugar and mix well. Scoop the dough evenly into 2 8 by10inch generously greased bread pans. Cover and let sit for 30 to 40 minutes.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBake in a hot oven for 1 hour. Check for doneness by tapping the bottom of the loaf for a hollow sound. If not done, bake a couple of more minutes.nOven temperatures vary, so keep your eye on the bread. Remove from oven when completed and allow to sit in bread pans for 15 minutes, then remove and cool a bit before serving.nFor the Mango Butter Sauce: Melt butter in microwave or in a skillet. Prepare the green tea and let it sit for 5 minutes.nIn a blender, put the melted butter, green tea, mango, cinnamon, and maple syrup. Blend until smooth. Serve with salads or over sandwiches.nFor assembly: In a large bowl, combine all the ingredients but 1 cup of sunflower seeds and mix very well. Put the 1 cup of sunflower seeds off to the side. Place the bread on the plates and distribute the mixture in the bowl evenly among them. Drizzle the lemon and olive oil lightly over the sandwiches. Cover with the bread tops. With the 4 tablespoons of melted butter, drizzle 1 tablespoon over each center of the top of the sunflower bread. Take the extra cup of sunflower seeds and sprinkle evenly over the melted butter on the center of top of the sunflower bread. Serve wih Mango Butter Sauce, if desired. Decorate plate accordingly., ingredients: [12 tablespoon yeast, 1 cup heavy cream, warmed, 1 cup soy milk, warmed, 1 cup butter, melted, 4 egg yolks, beaten, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 large acorn squash, cooked and seeded, 1 cup sliced almonds, 2 cups cornmeal, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 12 cups packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup Chai green tea, 1 cup chopped mango, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 2 cups chopped Swiss chard, 2 cups goat cheese, 2 cups chopped avocado, 2 cups freshly chopped mint leaves, 3 cups roasted sunflower seeds, divided, 1 cup freshly chopped basil leaves, 1 cup chopped tomatoes, 1 cup grated carrots, 1 cup chopped currants, I cup chopped macadamia nuts, 1 cup chopped almonds, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lemon pepper, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 8 slices Sunflowershaped Acorn Squash Bread, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, Lemon and olive oil, to taste, 1 cup Mango Butter Sauce], title: Sunflower, picturelink: null}, 9212: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the ranch dressing with the salsa and orange zest. Lay the tortillas on a cutting board, and spread the ranch mixture evenly over each one, leaving about a 1inch border on all sides. Layer the turkey, avocado, lettuce, jicama, tomato, and scallions evenly over each tortilla, still leaving a border. Season with salt and pepper. Roll up like a pinwheel. Halve, and serve., ingredients: [14 cup lowfat ranch dressing, 2 tablespoons chipotle salsa, 14 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 4 8inch flour tortillas, 12 ounces sliced ovenroasted turkey breast from deli, 1 ripe Hass avocado, pitted, peeled, and sliced, 2 cups mesclun lettuce or sprigs of cilantro, 1 12 cups grated jicama, 1 tomato, thinly sliced, 2 scallions white and green parts, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Turkey Avocado Wrap, picturelink: null}, 9213: {instructions: Sprinkle the ground chuck with 1 tablespoon Coyote Bait Hickory Flavored Campfire Seasoning. Refrigerate for 20 minutes.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook the ground chuck until fully browned. Remove the ground chuck from the saucepan and strain off the oil.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook the bacon, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until browned. Cook the onions and peppers, about 10 minutes. Add the beans. While stirring constantly, add the ketchup, Coyote Bait Spicy Flavored BBQ sauce, sugar, lemon juice and mustard. Continue stirring, about 10 minutes. Add the ground chuck and remaining 1 tablespoon Coyote Bait Hickory Flavored Campfire Seasoning. Stir constantly, about 15 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and allow the beans to simmer, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes.nCongratulations Your beans are complete. Take your time, savor the flavor.nCombine the salt and liquid smoke with a whisk in a large mixing bowl. Blend until there are no clumps. Add the black pepper, sugar, garlic, mustard, onion, paprika, flavor enhancer seasoning and ground red pepper. Whisk until thoroughly blended. Place the seasoning in a 1quart storage container with the lid tightly sealed.nHeat the oil in a large sauce pan over medium heat. Cook the onions and garlic, stirring occasionally, until the onions become translucent, about 7 minutes. Do not brown or caramelize the onions. Add the tomato puree. While mixing the puree with the onion mixture, stir in the vinegar. Cook, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Fold in the sugar and molasses using a wooden spoon. Stir from the bottom of the sauce pan in an upward motion to prevent the sugar from scorching or sticking to the pan. Cook until the sugar and molasses have liquefied, about 10 minutes. Thoroughly mix in the liquid smoke and Coyote Bait Hickory Flavored Campfire Seasoning. Cook, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Add the crushed red pepper if using and the lemon juice. Reduce to a simmer and stir occasionally, about 15 minutes. The sauce is done when the pigment has darkened and bubbles have formed at the surface., ingredients: [1 pound ground chuck, 2 tablespoons Coyote Bait Hickory Flavored Campfire Seasoning, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 6 slices bacon, diced, such as John Mulls Meat Brand, 1 large yellow onion, finely chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeds removed and finely chopped, One 55ounce can baked beans, such as Bushs Best Original Baked Beans, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons Coyote Bait Spicy Flavored BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice concentrate, such as ReaLemon from concentrate, 1 tablespoon mustard, 1 cup table salt, 1 teaspoon hickory flavored liquid smoke, 34 cup ground black pepper, 34 cup granulated sugar, 5 tablespoons granulated garlic, 5 tablespoons powdered mustard, 4 tablespoons granulated onion, 4 tablespoons ground paprika, 1 tablespoon flavor enhancer seasoning, such as Accent, 1 tablespoon ground red pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large yellow onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly minced garlic, Two 29ounce cans tomato puree, 2 cups red wine vinegar, 2 cups brown sugar, 1 cup molasses, 12 cup hickory flavored liquid smoke, 5 tablespoons Coyote Bait Hickory Flavored Campfire Seasoning, recipe above, 2 tablespoons crushed red pepper, optional, 2 tablespoons lemon juice concentrate, such as ReaLemon from concentrate], title: William Laceys Twice Baked Beans, picturelink: null}, 9214: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly brush a 12cup muffin tin with butter and set aside. Sift the flour, baking powder, and salt into a medium bowl and set aside.nIn a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or with an electric handheld mixer in a large bowl, cream the butter, zest, and 23 cup sugar until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Remove the bowl from the mixer. Stir in the poppy seeds.nFold the flour in 3 parts into the butter mixture, alternating with the milk in 2 parts, until just combined. Take care not to overmix the batter. Divide the batter evenly into the muffin tin and sprinkle the tops with sugar. Bake until golden brown, about 25 minutes. Cool muffins in the pan on a rack. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing the pan, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 23 cup granulated sugar, plus up to 1 tablespoon for topping the muffins, if desired, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 4 teaspoons poppy seeds, 12 cup milk], title: Lemon Poppy Seed Muffins, picturelink: null}, 9215: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nCombine flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse twice to distribute the ingredients evenly. Scatter the butter over the top of the flour mixture and pulse 4 or 5 times or until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the buttermilk and pulse until the mixture just begins to come together.nScrape the dough onto a lightly floured counter. Pat the dough into a 10 by 12inch rectangle about 34inch thick. Use a 3inch round cutter to make 8 biscuits then place them on the prepared baking sheet. Press together the scraps of dough, and repeat process. Place the biscuits on 2 baking sheets lined with parchment paper brush the tops with cream and sprinkle with black pepper. Bake the biscuits for 12 to 15 minutes or until lightly golden brown. Remove from the oven and brush the tops with melted butter., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 12 cups cold buttermilk, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Black Pepper Biscuits, picturelink: vVYhRz6YJiyHfcWFmWzn.RUxCUWUktq}, 9216: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with silicon mats or parchment paper and set aside.nFor the cookies: Beat the butter and sugar with a hand mixer until light and fluffy. Add the egg and vanilla until just incorporated. Scrape down the sides of the bowl.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, salt and baking powder.nIn a third bowl, combine the milk and sour cream.nAdd half of the milk mixture to butter mixture while mixing on low speed. Then add half of the flour mixture and mix until incorporated. Repeat the process.nWith a measured scoop, portion out the batter into small rounds on the prepared baking sheets, spaced at least an inch apart. You can make the cookies whatever size you like I like mine a bit big so I use a 4ounce ice cream scoop.nBake until the tops lightly spring back when touched, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool completely.nFor the filling: Add the sliced strawberries to a bowl and sprinkle with the granulated sugar and let sit for 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to a broil and set a rack 6 inches from the broiler.nWhen the cookies are cooled, place them roundside down and then top half of them with sliced strawberries.nPress 3 marshmallows together using the palm of your hand, until mostly flattened, and then place them on the other half of the cookies.nPlace the marshmallowcovered cookies back on the baking sheets and place under the broiler to let the marshmallows char and soften until lightly golden on top, 1 to 4 minutes. Keep an eye on them as they can burn quickly.nFor assembly: Top the strawberry side of the cookie with one of the marshmallow cookies, gently press together and then stand back and marvel at your creation., ingredients: [1 stick butter, softened, 1 12 cups light brown sugar, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup Dutch process cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup milk, 12 cup sour cream, 25 strawberries, hulled and sliced, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 bag large marshmallows], title: Chocolate Whoopie Pies with Fresh Strawberries and Bruleed Marshmallows, picturelink: null}, 9217: {instructions: Special equipment: plastic bonbon moldnFor the red chili raspberry jam: Pour 1 cup200 grams sugar into a medium pot. Add the raspberries and a splash of lemon juice and mix it together. Bring to a boil. In a separate small bowl, mix the remaining 14 cup50 grams sugar with the pectin to prevent clumping. Once the fruit mixture is boiling, add the pectin and sugar mixture and the chili powder and continue boiling for 15 minutes. Remove the mixture from the heat and set aside to cool.nFor the red chili chocolate ganache: Put the heavy cream and red chili powder in a small saucepan over medium heat and heat until simmering. Place the chopped chocolate in a large bowl. Pour the hot cream over the chopped chocolate and gently whisk to combine. Make sure that all of the chocolate has melted into the cream and the mixture is very smooth. Once the chocolate is melted, add the butter and whisk until well mixed. Your ganache should be very smooth and shiny. Let the ganache cool to room temperature.nTo assemble: Line a plastic bonbon mold with the tempered chocolate. Place the red chili raspberry jam in a piping bag and fill the mold halfway with the jam. Place the red chili chocolate ganache into a piping bag. Fill the rest of the mold, and top with more tempered chocolate. Place the mold in the refrigerator and let it set for about 20 minutes. Once the chocolate is fully set, carefully unmold and enjoy., ingredients: [1 14 cup250 grams sugar, 2 cups250 grams raspberries, Splash lemon juice, 18 cup30 grams pectin, 2 teaspoons5 grams chili powder, 1 cup224 grams heavy cream, 18 cup10g red chili powder, 3 34 cup504g bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 13 cup84g butter, softened, Tempered chocolate, for lining mold], title: Red Chili Raspberry Bites, picturelink: h6OxaHICJAG7EF5WLpRT2mHEnu7XsVG}, 9218: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pitcher, combine all ingredients except club soda. Cover tightly and refrigerate 3 hours to let flavors meld. Pour 34 cup sangria mixture into each of 8 wine glasses, dividing fruit equally. Top each glass with 14 cup club soda. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups chianti or other fruity red wine, 1 cup brandy, 14 cup orange flavored liqueur recommended: triple sec, 1 orange, sliced, 1 lime, sliced, optional, 1 lemon, sliced, optional, 1 apple, cored and diced, 8 fresh raspberries, 2 cups club soda, chilled], title: Sassy Sangria, picturelink: VRMcTwMtekF5GnMANmYk9.4l8j16wIW}, 9219: {instructions: Remove the husk from the ears of corn and cut the kernels off. In a nonstick saute pan melt the butter and saute the corn kernels until they cook and have a few brown specks on them.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the cream, milk, and half the Sauteed corn kernels over medium heat, stirring occasionally, just until it comes to a boil. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse at least 15 minutes. Puree the mixture with a hand blender until smooth.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk the egg yolks with the granulated sugar. Whisking constantly, gradually pour in the hot cream mixture. Strain the mixture into a pitcher. Sprinkle the remaining corn kernels into 8 6 to 8 ounce ovenproof ramekins. Pour the creamcorn mixture into the bowls and arrange in a hot water bath. Bake at 300 degrees F, in the center of the oven until almost set but still a bit soft in the center, 30 to 40 minutes. The custard should shimmy a bit when you shake the pan it will firm up more as it cools. Remove from the water bath and let cool 15 minutes. Tightly cover each bowl with plastic wrap, making sure the plastic does not touch the surface of the custard. Refrigerate at least 2 hours. Or refrigerate until ready to serve, up to 24 hours.nPreheat a broiler to very hot or fire up your kitchen torch. Uncover the chilled custards. Pour as much sugar as will fit onto the top of one of the custards. Pour off the excess sugar onto the next custard. Repeat until all the custards are coated. Discard any remaining sugar. Place the bowls on a baking sheet or in a roasting pan and broil until the sugar is melted and well browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Or brown them with a blowtorch. Let cool 1 minute before serving., ingredients: [2 ears sweet corn, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 cups heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, 8 egg yolks, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup coarse sugar or raw sugar], title: Corn Creme Brulee, picturelink: CLAqCXrF8kUGWUqjY8kdJpXLFxc42fu}, 9220: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and cook the rotini al dente. Drain and spray with olive oil cooking spray, making sure the noodles are coated well. Set aside.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, cook the bacon until crispy. Remove to a paper towellined plate. Remove all but 1 tablespoon of the bacon drippings and add the butter. Add the onions, garlic and nutmeg. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper and saute until the onions wilt and become translucent, about 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and sprinkle in the flour, stirring to coat the onions and garlic. Continue to cook until you have a blond roux, about 5 minutes. Whisk in the milk until you have a thick enough sauce that it coats the back of a spoon. Crumble the bacon and add half to the sauce. Mix in the Cheddar and mozzarella. Turn the heat to low. Add the pasta to the cheese sauce and stir to coat. Cover and keep warm.nIn a small bowl, add the breadcrumbs, Parmesan, chives and olive oil. Add the rest of the crumbled bacon and add it to the bowl, stirring well to combine.nSpray the pizza dough with the olive oil spray and place into the oven for 7 minutes. Remove from the oven and set down. Spread the macaroni and cheese on the pizza, being careful to leave a 1inch border. Sprinkle with the breadcrumb mixture on the macaroni and cheese and bake in the oven for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and let stand for 10 minutes to set the macaroni and cheese., ingredients: [12 pound dried rotini pasta, Olive oil cooking spray, 6 slices thickcut good quality bacon, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 white onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Pinch ground nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 1 cup grated mozzarella, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup Parmesan, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 storebought pizza dough, rolled out and spread on a welloiled baking sheet], title: Macaroni and Cheese Pizza, picturelink: XOGoGa3sdxMxd4PaqK56U6S4dqsw9C}, 9221: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the glaze: In a medium bowl, mix the hoisin, orange zest and enough orange juice so the hoisin is a little looser but still thick enough to stick to the chicken.nToss with hot chicken and sprinkle with sesame seeds to coat., ingredients: [1 cup hoisin sauce, 1 orange, zested, 14 to 13 cup fresh orange juice, Hot chicken, for serving, 14 cup toasted sesame seeds, for sprinkling], title: Quick and Easy Sweet and Sticky Orange Chicken Glaze, picturelink: Us71AjWTECbEiYjqTvCmui1jea65t6K}, 9222: {instructions: Mix the brown sugar, salt and pepper together and rub vigorously into the pork. Refrigerate 4 to 6 hours. Place chops over medium hot coals for 5 minutes and turn 14 turn. Cook for 5 minutes and then flip the chop over. Cook for 5 minutes turn 14 turn cook another 5 minutes. Allow the chop to rest for 5 minutes on the cool side of the grill.nReds Apple Baked Beans: In a cast iron pot with a lid, cook the bacon over medium heat, stirring until browned. Add onion and garlic and cook until browned. Add ketchup, molasses, mustard, sugar, and jalapeno and bring to a boil. Add apples and baked beans and stir to combine thoroughly. Cook on stove top or side grill about 1 hour covered over medium low heat.nGrilled Pineapple Slaw: Place pineapple slices over medium hot grill and brown for 3 to 5 minutes. Turn over and brown second side. Slice the pineapple on bias very thinly and toss in a bowl with cabbage and carrot. Mix the vinegar, sour cream and salt to make a dressing and mix in with the pineapple, carrots and cabbage. Place the pineapple slaw on a plate and spread it around to cover the entire plate. Place the baked beans in the center of the slaw, and place the pork on top., ingredients: [4 pork loin chops, 2 inches thick, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons coarse salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 6 ounces slab bacon, rind removed and cut into 12inch dice, 1 cup onion, 12inch diced, 2 teaspoons garlic, minced, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons molasses, 2 tablespoons Frenchs mustard, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 jalapeno, minced, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and 1inch chopped, 1 can Buschs baked beans, drained and rinsed, Salt and pepper, 1 golden ripe pineapple, peeled and sliced lengthwise into 3 equal parts, 2 cups red cabbage, thinly sliced, 1 carrot, peeled and coarsely grated, 1 teaspoon cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon sour cream, Salt, to taste], title: Sugar Cured Smithfield Lean Pork Chop Over Hickory with Reds Apple Baked Beans and Grilled Pineapple Slaw, picturelink: null}, 9223: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a large bowl, mix berries, apple filling, sugar, and cinnamon. Transfer fruit mixture to an 8 by 8 by 2inch baking dish. Crumble cookie dough over fruit, covering thickly and completely. Bake uncovered until cookie crust is golden and crisp, and juices bubble thickly, about 45 minutes. Serve warm with ice cream., ingredients: [2 bags 12 ounces each frozen mixed berries, thawed, 1 container 21ounce apple pie filling, 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 roll 18ounce prepared sugar cookie dough, Vanilla ice cream], title: Berry Cookie Cobbler, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 9224: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCook the potatoes: Put the potatoes on a small baking sheet. Drizzle with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the tray in the center of the oven and cook until the potatoes are tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, about 20 to 30 minutes. Set aside.nCook the pasta: Bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil over medium heat. Add the 2 tablespoons salt and bring the water back up to a boil. Add the pasta and cook for 3 minutes. Stir the pasta with a slotted spoon to make sure it does not clump or stick to the bottom as it cooks.nIn a large colander, drain the pasta. Reserve 12 a cup of the pasta liquid, in case it becomes necessary to use it later on.nIn a large skillet, combine the heavy cream and sour cream. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Reduce the cream over medium heat whisking until it thickens and all of the sour cream melts, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the lemon zest, lemon juice and a splash of Worcestershire sauce. Taste for seasoning. See Cooks Note Stir in the chives.nAdd the pasta to the skillet and toss to coat with the cream. Shut the heat off and allow the pasta to rest for 2 minutes, tossing to coat, from time to time. Meanwhile, put the potatoes on a flat surface and use a sharp knife to slice them into 12 to 34inchthick rounds. Stir the potato slices into the pasta sauce.nServe the pasta: Warm the serving bowls. If the cream is overly thick, add a little more of the pasta cooking liquid and swirl it around over the heat for a minute. Stir in the sunflower greens and spoon the pasta into the bowls. Serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCook the potatoes: Put the potatoes on a small baking sheet. Drizzle with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the tray in the center of the oven and cook until the potatoes are tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, about 20 to 30 minutes. Set aside.nCook the pasta: Bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil over medium heat. Add the 2 tablespoons salt and bring the water back up to a boil. Add the pasta and cook for 3 minutes. Stir the pasta with a slotted spoon to make sure it does not clump or stick to the bottom as it cooks.nIn a large colander, drain the pasta. Reserve 12 a cup of the pasta liquid, in case it becomes necessary to use it later on.nIn a large skillet, combine the heavy cream and sour cream. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Reduce the cream over medium heat whisking until it thickens and all of the sour cream melts, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the lemon zest, lemon juice and a splash of Worcestershire sauce. Taste for seasoning. See Cooks Note Stir in the chives.nAdd the pasta to the skillet and toss to coat with the cream. Shut the heat off and allow the pasta to rest for 2 minutes, tossing to coat, from time to time. Meanwhile, put the potatoes on a flat surface and use a sharp knife to slice them into 12 to 34inchthick rounds. Stir the potato slices into the pasta sauce.nServe the pasta: Warm the serving bowls. If the cream is overly thick, add a little more of the pasta cooking liquid and swirl it around over the heat for a minute. Stir in the sunflower greens and spoon the pasta into the bowls. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 to 6 smallish fingerling potatoes about 4 to 6 ounces total, thoroughly washed and dried, 1 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, for the pasta water, plus more for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 quarts water, 12 pound dried angel hair pasta, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup sour cream, Zest of 2 lemons, Juice of 1 lemon, Worcestershire sauce, 1 small bunch chives, trimmed and minced, 12 cup sunflower greens, 4 to 6 smallish fingerling potatoes about 4 to 6 ounces total, thoroughly washed and dried, 1 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, for the pasta water, plus more for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 quarts water, 12 pound dried angel hair pasta, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup sour cream, Zest of 2 lemons, Juice of 1 lemon, Worcestershire sauce, 1 small bunch chives, trimmed and minced, 12 cup sunflower greens], title: Angel Hair Pasta with Lemon, Fingerling Potatoes and Sunflower Greens, picturelink: null}, 9225: {instructions: Heat skillet on high for 2 minutes, add oil, squash, zucchini, green onions, garlic and saute until tender. DO NOT overcook. Remove from heat. Salt and pepper, to taste. Add fresh tomatoes and serve., ingredients: [2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 14 pound yellow squash, sliced, 14 pound zucchini, sliced, 1 bunch green onion, chopped, 2 teaspoons fresh garlic, chopped, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 to 3 Roma tomatoes, diced], title: Sauteed Squash, picturelink: null}, 9226: {instructions: In medium saucepan over high heat, combine the vinegar, salt, sugar, the crushed garlic clove and 1 serrano pepper. Bring to a boil, then turn the heat off and allow to cool.nPut the cucumbers and red onions in a large, nonmetallic serving bowl with remaining serrano pepper and the thinly sliced garlic and toss to combine.nWhen the vinegar mixture has cooled, strain it into a small bowl and pour it over the vegetables. Stir to coat the vegetables with the vinegar mixture. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [1 34 cups white vinegar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 clove garlic, crushed, plus 2 tablespoons, thinly sliced, 2 serrano pepper, seeded, and sliced into half moons, 2 English cucumbers, ends trimmed and thinly sliced on a mandoline, 1 red onion, peeled and thinly sliced on a mandoline], title: Sweet and Sour Cucumbers, picturelink: null}, 9227: {instructions: Begin by making the brine: In a large bowl, combine 6 cups water, the salt, honey, garlic and ginger. Stir until the salt is dissolved, and then add the wings. Cover and leave in the refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours.nPrepare the quick pickle mixture: In a large bowl, combine the rice wine vinegar, sugar and soy. Stir well until the sugar dissolves. Add the dates, scallions and chile to the mixture. Set aside while you cook the wings. Once the wings have brined, drain and set out on kitchen towels to dry well.nPreheat an outdoor grill and wipe down the grates with an oilblotted paper towel. This not only cleans the grill but creates a nonstick surface. Sprinkle the wings with salt and pepper, and then lightly toss in a mixture of smoked paprika and sesame oil. Place the wings on the grill and cook for 17 to 20 minutes, turning halfway through, so they brown evenly all over and cook through.nWhen done, remove the wings to a large bowl. Add the chopped herbs to the pickled date mixture, toss to combine and add to the bowl with the wings. Toss to coat evenly, and then transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [14 cup kosher salt, 1 tablespoon honey, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, One 1inch piece of ginger, peeled and smashed, 5 pounds chicken wings, separated at joint, tips discarded, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 cup about 10 pieces Medjool dates, split lengthwise, pits removed and finely diced, 4 to 5 scallions, cut thinly on the bias, 1 Fresno chile, halved lengthwise and finely sliced, Canola oil, for grilling, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 14 cup lightly packed fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 14 cup lightly packed fresh mint leaves, chopped], title: Smoky Grilled Chicken Wings with Pickled Red Chiles, Dates and Fresh Mint, picturelink: PURoMB85MWsW4GecXr4vfZenfxG7Lva}, 9228: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nMelt the butter with the olive oil in a large roasting pan. Toss all of the ingredients in the butteroil mixture to coat evenly.nRoast the potatoes for about 45 minutes until golden brown and tender. Serve the potatoes with the roasted garlic and shallots all together in the same serving dish., ingredients: [2 pounds small red skinned potatoes, washed and halved or quartered if theyre larger, 6 whole garlic cloves, peeled, 4 medium shallots, peeled and halved with the root in tact, 3 small sprigs rosemary, 3 small sprigs thyme, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Herb Roasted Red Skinned Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 9229: {instructions: Prepare a grill for indirect heat: For gas, preheat to medium high, then turn off the burners on one side and turn the other burners to medium low. For charcoal, once the coals ash over, push them to one side.nMix 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, the brown sugar, 1 teaspoon fivespice powder, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a bowl. Rub on the chicken. Grill skinside down over direct heat until marked, about 5 minutes. Flip and move to the cooler side of the grill cover and cook until a thermometer registers 165 degrees F in the thigh, 30 to 40 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 teaspoons vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add 3 teaspoons ginger, the garlic and the remaining 12 teaspoon fivespice powder and cook 2 minutes. Add the hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon vinegar and 3 teaspoons honey cook 1 minute. Remove from the heat and add 1 teaspoon sesame oil.nToss the cucumbers with the remaining 1 tablespoon vinegar, 12 teaspoon honey, 14 teaspoon each sesame oil and ginger, and salt to taste. Top the chicken with the sauce. Serve with the cucumbers.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 teaspoons vegetable oil, plus more for brushing, 2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons fivespice powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 chicken halves 3 12 to 4 pounds total, 3 14 teaspoons grated ginger, 1 teaspoon grated garlic, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar not seasoned, 3 12 teaspoons honey, 1 14 teaspoons sesame oil, 6 small cucumbers, cut into 2inch spears], title: Asian Barbecued Chicken, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 9230: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Pound chicken between sheets of waxed paper to thickness of 14inch using meat mallet. Pat chicken dry.nCombine cheese, green onions and basil in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Spread cheese mixture lengthwise over half of each chicken piece. Tuck short ends in. Roll chicken up, starting at one long side, into tight cylinders. Tie ends with string to secure. Dip chicken in egg, allowing excess to drip into bowl. Roll in bread crumbs, shaking off excess. Can be prepared 4 hours ahead. Refrigerate. Place chicken in 8inch square baking dish. Pour 2 tablespoons melted butter over. Bake until cooked through, about 20 minutes.nSauce: Meanwhile, melt 14 cup butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add mushrooms and saute until tender, about 8 minutes. Add wine and boil 3 minutes. Add stock and boil until liquid is reduced by half, about 6 minutes. Remove from heat and swirl in 4 tablespoons cold butter 1 piece at a time. Season sauce with salt and freshly ground pepper. Remove string from chicken. Cut rolls crosswise into 12inchthick rounds. Fan on plates. Serve immediately, passing sauce separately., ingredients: [4 boneless chicken breast halves, skinned, 12 cup fresh goat cheese such as Montrachet about 4 ounces, 2 green onions, thinly sliced, 3 basil leaves, shredded or 1 teaspoon dried, crumbled, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 egg, beaten to blend, 12 cup dry breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter melted, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 12 pound mushrooms, sliced, 14 cup dry white wine, 23 cup chicken stock or canned lowsalt broth, 4 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter 12 stick, cut into 4 pieces, Salt and pepper], title: Chevre Filled Chicken Breasts, picturelink: null}, 9231: {instructions: Make a V cut in the bottom of each cabbage to remove the tough part of the stem. In a large pot of salted boiling water over mediumhigh heat, add the cabbage leaves and blanch for 30 seconds. Remove from the pot to a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking.nPut the vegetables into a large mixing bowl.nIn another bowl whisk together the garlic ginger, white vinegar, soy sauce and oil. Pour over the vegetables and toss to coat completely. Dice the pork chop into bitesize pieces, add to the vegetables and toss to combine.nRemove the cabbage leave from ice bath and pat dry. Put a quarter of the filling onto the lower third of 1 of the cabbage leaves. Roll the leaf half way so that it covers the filling. Fold the sides toward the center of the leaf and finish rolling it up from the bottom.nRepeat with the remaining cabbage and filling. Arrange on serving dishes and serve.nIn a saucepan over medium heat, bring 2 cups of water and the soy sauce to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and add the chicken thighs. Simmer until cooked through, about 15 minutes. Remove the chicken from pan to a cutting board. When cool enough to handle, shred meat and discard the bones. Reserve 14 cup for Round 2 Thai Chicken Spring Rolls recipe.nIn a small bowl combine the peanut butter, lime juice, sugar, garlic and red pepper flakes. Whisk in about 13 cup water and simmer until thick, and a pourable consistency is reached.nWarm the tortillas in microwave wrapped in a slightly damp towel for about 45 seconds to make them more pliable. Assemble the wraps by layering, the chicken, dressing and vegetables. Top with more dressing before rolling up. Secure with toothpicks and slice in half.nPreheat an ovenproof skillet over high heat. Season the pork chops with salt and pepper, to taste. Add 1 tablespoon of canola oil to the pan. Add the pork chops and sear on both sides until golden brown. Remove from skillet and set aside.nIn same skillet over medium heat add the remaining tablespoon of canola oil, the onions and mushrooms and saute until slightly softened. Add the flour and cumin and cook until lightly golden in color. Stir in the chicken broth and mustard, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, add the parsley and return all but 1 pork chop back into skillet. Reserve the 1 pork chop for Round 2 Recipe Pork Cabbage Wraps. Season with salt and pepper and spoon the gravy over the pork chops. Simmer for 5 minutes, or until pork chops are cooked through. Transfer to serving plates and serve with the Iceberg Wedge Salad.nIceberg Wedge Salad with Warm Bacon Dressing:nRemove the core from the lettuce and cut into 4 quarters. Arrange on serving plates and set aside.nIn a small skillet saute bacon until crisp. Remove from skillet, to a plate lined with a paper bag or paper towels. Once cooled, chop into small pieces and add to a small bowl. In the skillet over low heat, add the brown sugar, vinegar and salt and pepper, to taste. Whisk together until combined and sugar is completely dissolved. Stir in the egg and bacon and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour over the top of the iceberg wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 reserved cabbage leaves from Thai Chicken Wraps, recipe follows, 1 cup leftover vegetables from Thai Chicken Wraps, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped ginger, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 pork chop leftover from Smothered Pork Chops recipe, chopped into bitesize pieces, recipe follows, 2 cup water, plus 13 cup, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 pounds, about 5, bonein chicken thighs, 12 cup peanut butter, chunky style, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 4 large flour tortillas, 2 carrots, grated, 1 small cucumber, julienned, 2 cups shredded cabbage, reserve 4 outer leaves for Round 2 Pork Cabbage Wraps recipe, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 endcut pork chops, about 1 14 to 1 12 pounds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, divided, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 14.5ounce can chicken broth, 2 tablespoons spicy mustard, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, Iceberg Wedge Salad, recipe follows, for serving, 1 head iceberg lettuce, 4 slices bacon, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 hardboiled egg, finely chopped], title: Round 2 Recipe  Pork Cabbage Wraps, picturelink: null}, 9232: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine flour, 14 cup granulated sugar, baking powder, and salt. Use a fork, 2 knives, or a pastry blender to cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse meal.nWhisk together the egg and cream in a liquid measuring cup. Slowly add this mixture to dry ingredients mix with a fork until dough just comes together. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured board and roughly shape into a 12inch log. Using a bench scraper cut log into 12 equal portions.nPlace the peaches, cornstarch, dark brown sugar, and cinnamon in a large bowl. Toss until well combined. Pour mixture into an 8 12 by 11 12inch baking dish. Place rough balls of dough on top of peach mixture. Sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar. Bake until golden brown, about 45 minutes. Remove to a rack and let cool slightly. Serve with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream., ingredients: [2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons cold, unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 large egg, 23 cup heavy cream, 10 ripe peaches, pitted and sliced 2 quarts, 14 cup cornstarch, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Vanilla ice cream or whipped cream, for serving], title: Peach Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 9233: {instructions: Melt the butter with the oil in a large skillet over quite high heat. Sprinkle the chicken pieces with salt and pepper and fry in batches until well browned, about 5 minutes per side.nPut all the chicken back in the pan, add the chicken stock and reduce the heat to medium. Cover and cook until tender, about 30 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate and keep warm. Reduce any leftover juices until sticky. Add the wine and the shallots and reduce to a thickish sauce, about 5 minutes. Add the creme fraiche and half the tarragon. Boil down again to sauce consistency, 3 to 5 minutes.nSeason the sauce with salt, pepper and lemon juice. Put back the chicken pieces, turning to coat, then transfer to a platter. Pour the sauce over, scatter over the remaining tarragon and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 chicken about 3 pounds1.4 kg, cut into 8 pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup125 ml chicken stock, 34 cup175 ml dry white wine, 1 shallot, minced, 1 cup250 ml creme fraiche, 12 cup chopped fresh tarragon, Lemon juice], title: Tarragon Chicken, picturelink: null}, 9234: {instructions: In a large saucepan put 4 cups of fresh peas, 6 tablespoons of butter, 1 finely minced onion, a tender head of garden lettuce cut into julienne strips, about 15 leaves of fresh spinach, 4 sprigs parsley, a few sprigs of chervil if you have it, 2 teaspoons of sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, and 1 34 cups water. Cover the saucepan, bring the soup to a boil, and cook it over a moderate fire until the peas are tender. Meanwhile, boil 1 cup of fresh peas, in a separate pan, to add to the soup later.nPass the soup through a strainer, or a vegetable mill, pressing the vegetables through with the liquid. Return the soup to the saucepan, add 3 cups of chicken stock, stir well, and simmer over a low fire for about 15 minutes. Then add the extra cup of peas, drained, and 14 cup cooked white meat of chicken, cut into very fine julienne strips.nMix 3 egg yolks with 1 12 cups of light cream and add this gradually to the soup, stirring constantly. Continue cooking until the soup thickens to a creamy consistency, but do not let it boil., ingredients: [Chicken, stock, peas, butter, onion, lettuce, spinach, herbs, egg yolks, cream], title: Potage Dame Edmee Fresh Green Pea and Chicken Soup, picturelink: null}, 9235: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large saucepan of water to a boil. Add the broccoli and cook until bright green and tendercrisp, about 2 minutes. Drain and set aside.nHeat the canola and sesame oils in a large nonstick skillet set over medium heat. Add the onions, ginger, garlic and chiles and saute until the onions are soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Increase the heat to mediumhigh, add the chicken and cook, stirring occasionally, until the chicken is cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer to a plate.nIn a small bowl, whisk the cashew butter and tamari and pour into the skillet, stirring to remove any lumps. Add the chicken back in the pan, stir in the broccoli and cashews, and stir to heat through and completely coat with the sauce. Season with salt and pepper, then serve., ingredients: [4 cups fresh or frozen broccoli florets, 4 teaspoons canola oil, 1 12 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 1 cup 14inchthick halfmoon slices onion, 2 tablespoons minced ginger about a 1inch piece, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 4 whole small dried chiles or 12 teaspoon chile oil, 1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast, cut in 1inch cubes, 4 teaspoons cashew butter, 3 tablespoons tamari, 12 cup unsalted whole cashews, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Paleo Chinese Chicken and Broccoli, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 9236: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nButterfly the chicken breasts open by cutting into and across but not all the way through the breast with a sharp knife. Lightly pound out the chicken under plastic wrap and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSet up a breading station: 1 pan of flour, 1 pan of eggs beaten with 2 tablespoons flour and a splash of milk, and 1 pan of bread crumbs seasoned with nutmeg and combined with cheese. Coat the chicken pieces in the flour, then in the egg and then in the bread crumb mixture. Set aside.nArrange a cooling rack over a baking sheet and put it in the middle of the oven.nAdd the butter to a pot with tightfitting lid over medium heat. Add the orzo to the warm butter and toast for 2 to 3 minutes, then add garlic and stir a minute more. Add rice and coat in butter. Stir in the stock and the saffron threads and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cover the pot. Cook the rice until tender, about 17 to 18 minutes. Add the parsley and fluff with a fork.nHeat 14inch of oil in a very large skillet over medium heat. Fry the chicken, 2 cutlets at a time, about 3 minutes on each side. Transfer the first 2 cutlets to the cooling rack in the oven to keep warm while you cook the second batch.nWhile the chicken cooks, combine the tomatoes, onions, basil, tarragon, and 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTransfer the chicken from the oven to serving dishes and top with the raw tomato sauce. Serve the Milanese rice alongside., ingredients: [4 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breast, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus 2 tablespoons, 3 large eggs, Splash milk, 34 cup plain bread crumbs, Freshly grated nutmeg, about 14 teaspoon, 34 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 tablespoons butter, 13 cup orzo pasta, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup white rice, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 pinches saffron threads, 14 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley, Olive oil, for frying, 1 12 pints cherry or grape tomatoes, halved or 7 to 8 small Roma tomatoes, thinly sliced lengthwise, 1 small red onion, quartered and thinly sliced, 12 cup torn or thinly sliced basil leaves, 3 to 4 stems fresh tarragon, leaves chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: CheeseCrusted Cutlets with Raw Sauce and MilaneseStyle Rice Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 9237: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil, then the sausage. Saute the meat until browned but still a little pink, about 5 minutes. Add the shallot and continue to cook until the sausage is fully cooked, another 5 minutes. Off the heat, deglaze with the calvados and scrape up any bits on the bottom of the skillet. Add the raisins, pistachios and sage. Season with salt and pepper and set aside to cool in a bowl.nHalve the apples from stem to bottom and core. Carefully hollow them out using a melon baller, reserving the apple balls. Chop up the apple balls you should have about 34 cup and add to the sausage mixture. Stuff each hollowedout apple half with some of the sausage mixture.nPour the vinegar into the bottom of a 9by13inch baking dish and add the stuffed apples skinside down. Bake until the apples are just soft, about 25 minutes. Top each apple with a slice of cheese and continue to bake until melted, another 5 minutes. Garnish with fresh thyme leaves., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound ground sweet Italian sausage, 1 shallot, minced, 2 ounces calvados, 12 cup golden raisins, 12 cup toasted pistachios, chopped, 2 tablespoons julienned fresh sage, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 Fuji apples, 1 cup seasoned rice vinegar, Eight 14inch slices Camembert cheese, Fresh thyme leaves, for garnish], title: Sausage and Sage AppleStuffed Apples, picturelink: gbB8MrImQU3N10jMF8eW3olDq07c0G}, 9238: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix all of the marinade ingredients together in a bowl and pour it into a large gallonsized resealable plastic bag. Add the steak and turn to make sure it is completely covered by the marinade. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 12, turning the bag occasionally.nMelt the butter in a heavy bottomed saucepan over medium heat. Once melted add the flour and stir until it becomes a light blonde color. Slowly whisk in milk. Bring the milk up to a simmer while stirring. Once at a simmer, stir in the cheese, a handful at a time. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Keep warm until ready to use.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nToss green onions in a bowl with olive oil, and salt and pepper, to taste.nRemove the steak from the marinade and let the excess drain off. Grill the steak for 5 to 7 minutes per side for mediumrare and about 8 to 10 minutes for medium. Remove the steak from the grill to a cutting board and allow it to rest for 10 minutes before slicing.nWhile the steak rests, put the green onions and baguettes on the grill. Cook the green onions until charred and soft, about 4 minutes, and toast the bread until golden.nTo assemble, slice the steak, at a 45 degree angle, into very thin slices across the grain. Put some of the steak on the bottom of each roll, top with some grilled green onions, and smother with provolone cheese sauce. Cover with the top of the roll and serve., ingredients: [6 large garlic cloves, smashed, 14 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pound topround London broil, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup grated aged Provolone, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch green onions, cleaned well, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 6inch long French roll baguettes, halved lengthwise], title: Grilled Steak Sandwich, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 9239: {instructions: In a small bowl combine salt and chili powder. Rub a wedge of lime around the rims of 4 12ounce glasses and dip the glasses into the chilisalt mixture. Squeeze the juice from the lime wedges into the glasses. Pour the beer into each glass and then add a dash each of the red pepper sauce and the Worcestershire sauce. Drink., ingredients: [14 cup kosher salt, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 4 limes, quartered, 4 12ounce bottles beer, Red pepper sauce  recommended: Tabasco, Worcestershire sauce], title: Michelada Marias, picturelink: QFtJ1mVPaIuk.SxER5OuVcppaNon0Ke}, 9240: {instructions: Melt 1 12 pounds chocolate in top of a double boiler or clean metal bowl set over simmering water. Remove chocolate from heat when it reaches between 110 and 115 degrees F on a candy thermometer.nTo bring into tempering range, add remaining chocolate to the mixture and stir constantly with a rubber spatula until the thermometer registers 82 to 84 degrees. Put chocolate back over the hot water and bring temperature to between 88 and 91 degrees. Be careful not to let the temperature fall too far or you will have to gently rewarm the mixture if the temperature rises above 91 degrees in the tempering step, you will have to start the process over.nOnce tempered, use immediately for dipping. Store tempered chocolate at room temperature., ingredients: [2 pounds goodquality bittersweet chocolate, chopped into beansize pieces by hand or in a food processor, Pretzels, graham crackers, dried fruit or anything, for dipping], title: Dipped Chocolate Anything, picturelink: null}, 9241: {instructions: For the Checca Sauce: Combine the cherry tomatoes, scallions, garlic, basil, and oil in a processor. Pulse the tomatoes until they are coarsely chopped, being careful not to puree. Set aside. Season the sauce with salt and pepper.nFor the Lentil Loaf: Place the lentils in a large saucepan of cold water. Bring the water just to a boil over high heat. Carefully drain the boiling water and rinse the lentils. Meanwhile, in a heavy large saucepan over medium heat, bring the broth to a boil. Add the rice and return the liquid to a boil. Decrease the heat to low, cover the rice, and gently simmer without stirring for 10 minutes. Stir in the lentils, onion, carrot, and celery. Cover and continue cooking without stirring until the rice and lentils are tender and the liquid is absorbed, about 30 minutes longer. Turn off the heat. Sprinkle the corn over the rice and lentils and let stand, covered, for 5 minutes. Uncover and fluff the rice with a fork. Cover and let stand for 5 more minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread 1 tablespoon of the butter over a 10 by 4 12 by 3inch loaf pan. In a heavy, large skillet, cook the spinach over medium heat until the spinach wilts, about 3 minutes. Drain and squeeze the excess liquid from the spinach. Transfer the spinach to a work surface and coarsely chop.nIn a large bowl, gently mix the lentil mixture, spinach, 1 cup of the mozzarella cheese, eggs, 14 cup of Parmesan cheese, basil, salt, pepper, and half of the checca sauce. Spoon the mixture into the prepared pan. Arrange the sliced tomatoes in a row over the lentil mixture. Sprinkle with the remaining 12 cup of mozzarella cheese and 2 tablespoons of Parmesan cheese. Dot the top with the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter.nBake uncovered until the loaf is heated through and the topping is melted and starting to brown, about 30 minutes. Let cool for 15 minutes. Slice the loaf into 2inch slices, arrange on plates, and serve with the remaining checca sauce., ingredients: [1 pint cherry tomatoes about 2 cups, or 12 ounces, halved, 3 scallions white and pale green parts only, coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 8 fresh basil leaves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup lentils about 5 ounces, 3 cups reducedsodium vegetable broth, 1 cup uncooked shortgrain brown rice, rinsed well, 12 cup finely chopped white onion, 12 cup shredded carrots, 1 celery rib, sliced, 12 cup frozen corn kernels, 2 tablespoons butter, divided, 10 ounces fresh baby spinach leaves about 4 cups, 1 12 cups cubed whole milk mozzarella cheese, divided about 8 ounces total, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus 2 tablespoons, 13 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tomato, sliced], title: Veronicas Veggie Meatloaf with Checca Sauce, picturelink: cRYg0PbhjDX4kY9q2uYmqx8srTcFaa}, 9242: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, celery, and leek and season with salt and pepper. Saute the vegetables until they are softened but not browned, about 5 minutes. Add the curry powder, stir, and cook for 2 minutes more.nAdd the stock and herb sachet to the pot. Bring to a boil over high heat, then lower the heat and let simmer until the vegetables have completely softened, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the peas and simmer for an additional 10 minutes.nUse tongs to remove and discard the herb sachet.nUse an immersion blender to puree the soup in the pot, or puree it in batches in a standing blender, then return the soup to the pot over medium heat. Stir in the creme fraiche, being careful not to let the soup return to a boil. If you like, reserve a few tablespoons of the creme fraiche to drizzle over each serving.nDivide soup among individual bowls and serve at once, topping each serving with a drizzle of creme fraiche, if desired, and a few pieces of frizzled ginger.nPour the oil into a heavybottomed stockpot or lobster pot. Add all the other ingredients and cook, stirring, over mediumlow heat until the vegetables have all softened but not colored, about 15 minutes. Pour in 6 quarts water, raise the heat to high, and bring the water to a boil, then lower the heat and let the liquid simmer for 2 hours.nCarefully strain the stock through a finemeshed strainer set over a large bowl or pot, pressing down on the solids with a wooden spoon to extract as much liquid and flavor as possible. Let the stock cool, then refrigerate for up to 1 week or freeze in batches to be thawed and used as needed.nPour oil into a small pot and heat to 265 degrees F. Shave the ginger into a fine julienne using a Japanese mandoline, vegetable slicer, or very sharp thinbladed knife. Adds the ginger crisps to the oil, frying them until crispy, about 1 minute use a slotted spoon to remove them to a paper towellined plate to drain. Salt as soon as it hits the paper. These crisps can be held at room temperature for up to 2 hours., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, cut into small dice, 1 celery stalk, cut into small dice, 1 leek white part only well washed, quartered, and thinly sliced crosswise, Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 2 quarts homemade vegetable stock, recipe follows, or lowsodium storebought vegetable broth, hot, Herb sachet of 1 bay leaf and 2 thyme sprigs, tied in cheesecloth, 3 cups fresh shelled peas from 2 12 pounds peas in the pod, 1 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, Frizzled Ginger, recipe follows, 12 cup olive oil, 2 large Spanish onions, quartered, 12 head celery, roughly chopped, 1 large leek, split, well washed, and cut into large pieces, 2 large carrots, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 15.5ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 cup sliced button mushrooms, 2 pounds Idaho or russet potatoes, quartered, 5 flatleaf parsley sprigs, 2 thyme sprigs, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, 2 whole cloves, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 knob ginger about 4 ounces, Fine sea salt], title: Curried Pea Soup with Frizzed Ginger, picturelink: null}, 9243: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees. Sweat onions with butter and herbs in an oven safe skillet until translucent.nCombine corn, cream, eggs, baking powder, cornmeal, Parmesan, salt, and pepper in a large mixing bowl. Add cubed bread and fold to combine. Pour batter into skillet, right on top of the onion mixture. Bake 50 minutes, or until set. Cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [12 onion, diced fine, 1ounce unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon thyme, 12 teaspoon rosemary, 1 15ounce can creamed style sweet corn, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup yellow cornmeal, whole grain, stone ground, 12 cup shredded Parmesan cheese, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Ground black pepper to taste, 2 cups French bread, cubed], title: Sweet Corn Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 9244: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a large bowl, mix together the peaches and the blueberries and pour into a baking dish. In a separate mixing bowl, mix together the sugar, flour and lemon zest. Whisk in the eggs and the heavy cream. Whisk in the salt. Pour the mixture over the peaches and blueberries. In another bowl, mix together the flour, brown sugar and walnuts. Mix in the melted butter. Sprinkle this mixture over the top of the baking dish. Place in the oven and bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the center is set, but still jiggles a little. Remove from the oven and cool. When fully cooled, place in the refrigerator for 4 hours., ingredients: [3 cups peaches, peeled, pitted and sliced thinly, 1 cup blueberries, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 lemon, zested, 4 eggs, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup flour, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 12 cup melted butter], title: Blueberry Peach Custard Crumble, picturelink: null}, 9245: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTake the butter, cut into thirds, and melt in a large saucepan over medium heat until melted. Next, add the green onions, Worcestershire sauce, crab boil, cayenne, red pepper flakes, salt, black pepper, thyme, garlic, bay leaves and 5 to 6 shakes hot sauce. Cut the lemon in half, squeeze the juice in and then drop the lemon halves into the pan. Bring to a boil, but there should be no smoke. Add the shrimp in flat rows on top. Cook until pink, about 2 minutes per side. Pour everything onto a plate and serve., ingredients: [1 pound butter, 12 cup chopped green onion, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon liquid crab boil, such as Zatarains, 1 tablespoon cayenne powder, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon dried thyme leaf, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 bay leaves, 1 lemon, Hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 6 large shrimp U12, with heads and shells on], title: Zydecos 5 BBQ Shrimp, picturelink: c056MfJCVyL7wTMg1cVd4q2MKYd7fu}, 9246: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium stock pot, boil water, add salt and cook noodles. When finished, place noodles in an ice water bath to cool. Drain and set aside.nIn a medium bowl combine, sesame oil, vinegar, soy sauce, hot chili oil, hoisin and extravirgin olive oil. Mix thoroughly and then combine prepared vegetables and noodles.nGarnish with sesame seeds and peanuts., ingredients: [1 package soba noodles, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon hot chili oil, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 carrot, thinly sliced or julienned, 2 celery stalks, thinly sliced or julienned, 5 green onions, bottom 4 inches, thinly sliced, 12 cup thinly sliced napa cabbage, 12 red bell pepper, thinly sliced or julienned, 12 cup julienned bok choy, 1 cup bean sprouts, optional, 3 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted, for garnish, 4 tablespoons unsalted peanuts, for garnish], title: Dang Cold Asian Noodle Salad, picturelink: GfFAX2GkmpmxiIxJCXlqNGhnys0WGtm}, 9247: {instructions: Combine nuts in syrup and diced pineapple. Chill until ready to serve dessert. Top dishes of pineapple and nuts with scoops of mango sorbet. Yummo, ingredients: [116ounce can lychee nuts in syrup, 1 ripe pineapple, peeled and cored, then cut into chunks, 1 pint mango sorbet], title: Lychee Nuts and Pineapple Chunks with Mango Sorbet, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 9248: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together all ingredients except 2 tablespoons butter until evenly combined and moistened thoroughly some small lumps will remain. Set mixture aside to rest while griddle heats or cover and store in the refrigerator to rest up to 12 hours before using. If batter rests, stir briefly before using.nHeat a large seasoned cast iron skillet, frying pan, or griddle over medium heat. To check that the pans properly heated, sprinkle a few drops of water on pan or griddle and water will dance around before evaporating.nMelt 1 tablespoon butter in pan. When it foams, ladle 14 cup batter for each pancake and cook until bubbles cover the top, about 3 minutes. Flip and cook until golden brown, another 1 minute. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve immediately topped with Blueberry Maple Syrup.nBlueberry Maple Syrup:nCombine 1 12 cups berries and syrup in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook until berries are slightly softened, about 2 minutes, then mash using the back of a spoon. Simmer until mixture foams up a bit, about 1 to 2 minutes more.nRemove from heat, strain to remove blueberry solids, stir in remaining 1 12 cups berries, and use to top pancakes, waffles, or French toast.nYield: 3 to 4 servingsnPrep Time: 1 minutenCook Time: 4 minutesnEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups wellshaken buttermilk, 12 cup melted unsalted butter plus 2 tablespoons for cooking, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Blueberry Maple Syrup, recipe follows, 3 cups blueberries, 1 cup maple syrup], title: Cakey Buttermilk Pancakes, picturelink: YL1WBZKpSYSmicp7jwNI1oZV7N8qO6}, 9249: {instructions: In a wok or large pot, heat oil until a deepfrying thermometer registers 370 degrees F. In a medium bowl set over an ice bath, stir yolk with chopsticks or a whisk add ice water, stirring to combine. Sift flour and cornstarch into egg mixture, stirring to incorporate. Dont worry about a few remaining lumps in the batter.nCoat onion rings with batter, letting excess drip back into bowl. Fry onion rings in the hot oil in small batches, turning once, until just beginning to color. Drain on paper towel. Repeat process, skimming oil of tempura batter bits as necessary until all onion rings have been fried. If oil becomes dark, begin again with fresh oil. Serve immediately., ingredients: [5 to 6 cups vegetable oil, 1 large egg yolk, 1 cup ice water, 1 cup cake flour not selfrising, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 large onions, white, yellow, or red, thinly sliced], title: Tempura Onion Rings, picturelink: null}, 9250: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray muffin tin with nonstick spray. In a large bowl, combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar and salt. In another bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, eggs, butter, cheese and diced jalapeno peppers. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir the batter until all ingredients are thoroughly incorporated. Divide the batter into the prepared muffin pan, filling 23 of the way full. Place a jalapeno slice on top of each muffin. Bake until golden, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 14 cup melted unsalted butter, 1 cup shredded Jack, 2 jalapeno peppers, diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, cut in 12 slices], title: JalapenoJack Corn Muffins, picturelink: null}, 9251: {instructions: To make the marinade, toast the cloves, whole chiles, both types of cardamom seeds, coriander seeds, fennel seeds and fenugreek seeds in a castiron skillet until fragrant, 3 minutes or so, shaking the pan. Then, pour the spices into a spice grinder and grind them until you get a fine powder.nIn large bowl, whisk together the spice mixture you just made with the yogurt, oil, malt vinegar, salt, ground cinnamon, paprika, turmeric, cayenne pepper, garlic and ginger until well combined. It should smell amazing Taste and adjust with more salt if it needs it.nReserve 13 cup of the marinade and set aside youre going to make a sauce out of this reserved marinade.nPrick the chicken thighs with a fork. Add the thighs to the rest of the marinade, and toss to coat. Marinate at least 1 hour in the fridge, and at most overnight.nWhen youre ready to cook, line a baking sheet with foil, and turn your broiler on. Place each chicken thigh on the baking sheet, making sure each one is coated with the marinade, but isnt swimming in it. Cook the chicken thighs under the broiler until starting to blacken, about 5 minutes. Then turn the oven to 350, and cook until a meat thermometer inserted in the meatiest part of the thigh registers 160 degrees F, another 10 minutes. Remove from the oven.nWhile the chicken is cooking, pour the reserved marinade into a small saucepan, along with 12 cup water and the honey. Bring to a gentle boil over mediumlow heat, whisking all the time. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and pour into a small bowl or gravy boat for serving.nServe the chicken thighs on a platter with a fresh squeeze of lime and a drizzle of the sauce., ingredients: [5 cloves, 2 dried guajillo chiles if you cant find these, then use 2 chiles de arbol, and more paprika for color, 2 green cardamom, husks discarded, seeds retained, 1 black cardamom, husk discarded, seeds retained, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 12 teaspoon fenugreek seeds, 1 cup whole fat plain yogurt, 14 cup peanut or canola oil, 2 tablespoons malt vinegar or lime juice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, Pinch cayenne pepper, 8 cloves garlic, minced, 2inch thumb ginger, peeled and minced, 1 packet boneless skinless chicken thighs 1 12 pounds usually, 1 teaspoon honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Couple of extra limes, for garnish], title: Tandoori Chicken, picturelink: NKok.RFPF8WcxXT.JWNp94kGZvORxYe}, 9252: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, using an electric mixer, on low speed, thoroughly combine all of the dry ingredients. Add the butter and the egg. Mix until the dough comes together in a nice ball. Form the dough into 24 balls.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the balls on cookie sheets that have either been lined with parchment paper or slightly very slightly greased with butter. Gently press the balls with your thumb, ever so slightly, squishing the ball. If you are not using parchment paper, lift the balls from the sheet and then put them back, this will avoid sticking later on.nBake for 8 to10 minutes, checking the cookies periodically. You can rotate the cookie sheets after 4 minutes to ensure that the cookies are baking evenly. Remove the pans from the oven and put the cookies on a cooling rack or a clean surface. Allow them to cool at least 15 minutes.nFilling: Put the butter, shortening, and vanilla into a bowl, and mix with an electric mixer on low speed. Gradually add the powdered sugar and mix until the filling is light and fluffy.nWhen the cookies are cool, smear a small amount of the filling on 1 side of half of the cookies. Top with the remaining cookies, creating that famous whoopeepie look. Refrigerate the cookies for about 20 minutes before serving.nTo add a touch of elegance to this dessert, try infusing milk with lavender. Add a little milk, 1 tablespoon of honey, and a little crushed lavender to a blender. Blend on high for about 3 minutes. Refrigerate for about 20 minutes, then stir with a spoon and serve, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 large egg, 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup vegetable shortening recommended: Crisco, 3 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups powdered sugar, sifted], title: Chocolate Whoopie Pies with Vanilla Frosting, picturelink: null}, 9253: {instructions: To make the potatoes: Tie the thyme, parsley, rosemary, and bay leaf together with a piece of kitchen twine. Put the bundle in a medium saucepan along with the wine and garlic. Slice the potatoes into 14inchthick rounds and add to the saucepan. Add cold water to cover by 1 inch and the salt. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Adjust the heat to maintain a gentle simmer, and cook until the potatoes are tender but not mushy, about 5 minutes. Drain the potatoes, and discard the herb bundle.nMeanwhile, make the dressing: In a large bowl combine the vinegar, mustard, salt, and season with pepper, to taste. Gradually whisk in the oil to make a smooth dressing.nAdd the warm potatoes to the dressing and toss very gently to combine, taking care not to break up the potatoes. Add the celery and set aside to cool.nWhen ready to serve, carefully fold in the parsley and scallions. Serve.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [4 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 pound small, redskinned potatoes, such as red thumb, scrubbed, 12 pound small, whiteskinned waxystyle potatoes, such as German butterball, scrubbed, 12 pound small, bluepotatoes, such as Peruvian fingerling, scrubbed, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced flatleaf parsley, 2 scallions white and green, thinly sliced], title: Red, White, and Blue Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 9254: {instructions: Soak black beans in enough cold water to cover by 3 inches overnight. Drain. Combine water, lard, garlic and epazote in heavy large Dutch oven over high heat. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until beans are very tender and creamy, about 2 hours. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 12 cups black beans, picked over, 5 cups cold water, 2 tablespoons lard or butter, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 3 fresh epazote sprigs], title: Caraotas Negras Black Beans, picturelink: null}, 9255: {instructions: For the achiote oil: Heat the oil and achiote seeds in a saute pan over low heat for 5 minutes. Strain the oil and let cool. Set aside 3 tablespoons for the refrito, and reserve the remaining oil for another use.nFor the refrito: Place the peppers, tomatoes, cilantro and onions in a food processor and pulse until blended. Add in 3 tablespoons of the achiote oil and season the mixture with salt and black pepper. Stir everything together and chill until needed. Set aside 12 cup for the arroz amarillo, and then reserve the rest for another use.nFor the arroz: Heat the oil in a pot over medium heat. Add 12 cup refrito, achiote powder and turmeric and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the rice until evenly coated with the refrito mixture. Stir in the hot chicken stock and bring to a boil. Boil for about 10 minutes, and then reduce the heat to a simmer, cover the pot, and continue to cook the rice for 20 minutes. Chill the rice before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon whole achiote seeds, 12 cup olive oil, 2 green bell peppers, roughly chopped, 2 tomatoes, roughly chopped, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, 1 white onion, roughly chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 tablespoon achiote powder, 12 tablespoon turmeric, 1 cup longgrain rice, 2 cups chicken stock, heated], title: Arroz Amarillo, picturelink: null}, 9256: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the onion, celery, carrots, beets and garlic. Add the rosemary, thyme, star anise, and cinnamon stick, and set aside.nCut the ribs between the bones, and trim all the excess outer fat. Season the ribs well with coarse salt. Dredge in flour until well coated.nIn a large Dutch oven or wide soup pot on high heat, pour in enough oil to coat the bottom of the pan. Add the ribs to the hot oil, and sear the ribs so they are browned well on all sides, about 3 minutes per side. Remove the ribs, and set aside.nIn the same pan, transfer all the vegetables from the bowl, and stir to caramelize, and pick up all the brown bits. Add the meat back into the pot. Pour the wine over top. Ensure all is covered with the liquid and if not, top up with water.nAdd the cocoa powder, brown sugar and peppercorns, and bring to a boil, cover with a lid or foil, and place in the oven until the meat is fork tender, about 3 hours. Remove the ribs to a platter, and strain out the solids to use for something else.nBoil the cooking liquid in a wide shallow pan until it is reduced by half. It will be richer, more flavorful and thicker. Add a nub of butter at the end for sheen and flavor.nServe the short ribs on a mound of Garlic Mashed Potatoes, topped with Green Beans and Poached Vine tomatoes, recipes follow.nSlice the top off a garlic head and drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt, pepper and the fresh herbs. Wrap in a tin foil packet, and roast in the oven for about 1 hour.nFill a large saucepan with water add a few good pinches of coarse salt and the potatoes. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer until just fork tender. Do not overcook or the potatoes will be soggy. Drain off the water, leaving the potatoes in the pot.nAdd the butter and cream to the potatoes, and mash well.nRemove the garlic from the oven. Squeeze the garlic cloves into the potatoes, and stir in. The consistency you want is rough, with some lumps. Season the potatoes with salt, and pepper, if desired.nIn a large saute pan, add about 2 inches of olive oil. Bring to about 325 degrees F  just below frying temperature. Season with salt, herbs and toss in the garlic. Carefully place the tomatoes in the oil, and poach until they swell up and almost burst, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the tomatoes and use to garnish the beef short ribs.nTrim only the stem ends off the beans. Blanche the beans in a pot of salted boiling water for about 20 seconds. Drain, and immerse in an ice water bath to stop the cooking. Drain the beans on a towel. The beans should be original green in color and crunchy to the bite.nSlice the shallot into fine julienne. In a large saute pan, on high heat, add the butter and shallot. Stir until softened. Add the beans, and toss to warm through. Season with salt, and black pepper, if desired.nServe the beans in a little mound on top of the beef short rib. Top with a poached stem of tomatoes., ingredients: [3 large onions, coarsely chopped, 3 to 4 stalks celery, coarsely chopped, 4 large carrots, peeled, trimmed and cut into 2inch chunks, 2 beets, peeled, trimmed and cut into 1inch cubes, 3 heads garlic, cut in half, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 star anise, 1 cinnamon stick, 6 beef short ribs, Coarse salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Canola oil, 2 750 ml bottles red table wine, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 to 2 tablespoons butter, a nub, Handful peppercorns, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, OilPoached Cherry Tomatoes on the Vine, recipe follows, Green Beans, recipe follows, 1 head garlic, 1 tablespoon good, fruity olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, A sprig or 2 of fresh herbs rosemary or thyme, 6 large Yukon Gold potatoes, scrubbed but not peeled, and quartered., 1 stick butter, 1 cup cream, 1 to 2 cups good olive oil enough to just cover tomatoes in pan, Pinch coarse or kosher salt, 2 sprigs fresh herbs, 12 head garlic, sliced in half, 4 vine stems of cherry tomatoes, 5 handfuls small green beans petit haricots verts, Water, Salt, 1 large shallot, 2 tablespoons butter, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Braised Short Ribs on Garlic Mashed Potatoes with Green Beans and Poached Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 9257: {instructions: Lightly grease a baking pan, 13 by 9 by 2 inches. In a bowl stir together water, yeast and sugar and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. In a small bowl stir together flour and table salt and gradually stir into yeast mixture until mixture forms a soft dough. On a lightly floured work surface with floured hands knead dough 5 minutes, or until smooth and elastic, and shape into a ball. Invert bowl over dough and let rest 10 minutes. On lightly floured surface roll out dough into a 13 by 9 inch rectangle and transfer to baking pan, pressing into corners. Let dough rise, covered loosely with plastic wrap, in a warm place 30 minutes, or until doubled in bulk. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Sprinkle dough with Parmesan, rosemary, coarse salt, and pepper to taste. Press indentations about 14 inch deep and 1 inch apart all over dough with lightly oiled fingertips and bake focaccia in middle of oven 20 minutes, or until golden. Cool focaccia in pan on a rack., ingredients: [34 cup warm water 105degrees to 115 degrees, 1 quarter ounce package 2 12 teaspoons  fast  acting yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon table salt, 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, coarse salt to taste], title: Quick Focaccia, picturelink: null}, 9258: {instructions: Empty 3 tea bags into a bowl and combine the loose tea with 14 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Grate in the orange zest. Pat the ribs dry and trim the membrane from the underside. Rub the tea mixture over the ribs place in a roasting pan, meatside up, and bring to room temperature, about 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Steep the remaining 3 tea bags in 2 cups boiling water, about 5 minutes. Discard the bags and stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons brown sugar and the juice of half the orange. Pour the mixture around the ribs in the pan. Cover with foil and roast until tender, about 1 hour 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, put the potatoes in a pot of salted water bring to a simmer and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and cool slightly. Mix the mayonnaise and parsley in a large bowl. Grate in the zest of half the lemon add the juice of the lemon half. Fold in the potatoes and add 112 teaspoons salt, and pepper to taste refrigerate until ready to serve.nRemove the ribs from the oven and increase the temperature to 450. Pour the cooking liquid into a saucepan and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Baste the ribs with some of the liquid, then return to the oven and cook, uncovered, basting a few times, until the ribs are dark and glazed, 20 to 30 minutes.nWhen the remaining liquid in the saucepan is syrupy, add lemon juice to taste. Brush the ribs with the glaze. Cut the racks into pieces and serve with the potato salad.nPhotograph by Stephanie Foley, ingredients: [6 bags black tea any kind, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 orange, 2 racks baby back ribs about 2 pounds, 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 34inch chunks, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 lemon], title: SweetTea Ribs with Lemony Potato Salad, picturelink: jh7M.yPx2E47t2DsHXytRYvEqpJvCyy}, 9259: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the jalapeno and garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the beans, 13 cup water, oregano and 18 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring, until most of the liquid is evaporated, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the lime juice and adjust seasoning. Transfer to a serving bowl, sprinkle with the cilantro and lime zest if using and serve., ingredients: [2 teaspoons peanut oil, 1 small jalapeno pepper with some seeds, minced, 1 large clove garlic, minced, One 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and strained, 12 teaspoon finely chopped fresh oregano, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons to 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro, Zest of 12 lime, optional], title: Southwestern Black Beans, picturelink: lBtuyBInM6kvRXHGVHP6v4MIiGXEq}, 9260: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the steak with salt and pepper and cook, turning once, until well browned.nTransfer the steak with 1 bay leaf and the clovestudded onion to a large pot, with a tightfitting lid, and cover with water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer, covered, until tender, about 1 12 hours. Remove from the heat and cool the meat in the liquid for about 30 minutes. Transfer meat to a platter and cover, to keep warm. Reserve 2 cups of the cooking liquid. Stew may be made up to this point 1 day ahead.nMeanwhile, return the skillet to mediumhigh heat and heat the remaining 3 tablespoons oil. Add the remaining bay leaf, peppers, garlic, onion, oregano, and cumin and cook, stirring, until softened and fragrant, about 8 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until dark red, about 1 minute more. Add the 2 cups reserved liquid, tomatoes, and olives and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes.nWhile the vegetables are cooking, pull the steak into shreds. Add the steak and peas to the vegetable mixture and cook, stirring, until just heated through. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve with white rice., ingredients: [5 tablespoons olive oil, 3 pounds skirt or flank steak, cut into large pieces, 2 bay leaves, 12 onion, peeled and studded with 4 whole cloves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 green bell peppers, seeded and thinly sliced, 2 red bell peppers, seeded and thinly sliced, 3 garlic cloves, roughly chopped, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 14 to 16ounce can whole tomatoes with juice, chopped, 12 cup pimientostuffed Spanish olives, drained and halved, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, Serving Suggestion: White rice], title: Braised Beef, Peppers and Onions: Ropa Vieja, picturelink: 6BgvlnuvRTzsngsTty4ZMHU3akrEPkG}, 9261: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 9inch round or square cake pansnCook the potato in a microwave on HIGH until soft and it squeezes easily, using the designated baked potato setting, or up to 15 minutes. Peel and pass the warm potato through a potato ricer or food mill into a large bowl. You should have 1 cup pureed potato.nStir the hot water, eggs, half the sugar and yeast into the potato. Add 2 cups of the flour and the salt and mix with a wooden spoon to make a sticky, shaggy dough. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until the dough doubles in volume, about 1 12 hours.nBeat the butter with the remaining 13 cup sugar in a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until light and fluffy. Switch to the dough hook and add the risen dough to the creamed butter. Continue to mix on low until the butter and dough come together, about 1 minute. Stop the mixer and scrape down the bowl if needed the dough will be very sticky. Gradually add the remaining 2 14 cups of flour, about 14 cup at a time, to make a shaggy dough that pulls away from the side of the bowl. Continue kneading on medium speed until dough is smooth but still tacky, about 3 to 4 minutes.nTurn dough onto a lightly floured work surface and knead by hand until dough is smooth and no longer tacky, 1 to 2 minutes more. If the dough is still sticky, gradually add 14 cup flour. Shape dough into a ball.nBrush a large bowl with butter and turn dough around in bowl to coat lightly. Cover bowl tightly with plastic wrap, trace a circle the size of the dough on the plastic, and note the time. Let rise at room temperature until doubled in size, about 1 12 hours.nGenerously butter two 9inch round or square cake pans. Turn the dough out of the bowl and pat into a rectangle about 16 by 8inches, gently pressing out excess air. Divide the dough into 32 equal portions, about an ounce each, with a pizza wheel or bench scraper.nIf you dont have a scale, divide the dough in half lengthwise, then in half crosswise. Cut each of those four sections into 8 equalsized rolls.nTuck the edges of the dough under to make round rolls and place them seamside down in the prepared pan, leaving a little space in between each roll. See Cooks Note Cover the pan with buttered plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until the rolls rise almost to the rim of the pan and have more than doubled in size, about 45 minutes.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F.nBake rolls until golden brown and puffy, and an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the rolls registers 190 degrees F, about 40 minutes. Remove rolls from the oven and quickly brush the tops with soft butter.nCook the rolls in the pan for about 10 minutes before turning them out onto a rack in one piece. Cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature in one piece or pulled apart as individual rolls., ingredients: [1 medium baking potato about 6 ounces, 12 cup hot water 115 degrees F, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 23 cup sugar 4 14 ounces, 2 14 teaspoons rapid rise yeast 14 ounce package, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 4 14 to 12 cups allpurpose flour 13 18 ounces, 12 cup unsalted butter 1 stick, at room temperature, plus more for brushing], title: Potato Rolls, picturelink: vTkhfFXiCNOQokEBk0xQphZ5vz30J5.}, 9262: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Stew apples until very tender. Push stewed apples through a fine sieve to puree. Mix together 34 cup of apple puree, sugar, sherry, butter, eggs, heavy cream, lemon juice and nutmeg. Line a deep, 8inch, pie plate with the puff pastry. Pour apple mixture into the pie crust and bake about 1 hour, or until set. It will look similar to a pumpkin pie. Cool before serving., ingredients: [2 large fresh apples, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup sherry, 6 tablespoons melted butter, 4 eggs, well beaten, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 teaspoons grated nutmeg, 1 sheet puff pastry dough], title: Marlborough Pudding, picturelink: null}, 9263: {instructions: Heat a 4 to 6quart heavybottomed pot over low heat, and add the salt pork. Once it has rendered a few tablespoons of fat, increase the heat to medium and cook until the salt pork is a crisp golden brown. Remove from pot set aside. Add the butter, onions, garlic, celery, thyme, and bay leaves. Saute, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon, until the onions are softened but not browned, about 10 minutes. Add the potatoes and the strained clam broth. The broth should just barely cover the potatoes if it doesnt, add enough water to cover them. Increase the heat, and bring to a boil. Cover, and cook the potatoes vigorously until they are soft on the outside but still firm in the center, about 10 minutes. If the broth hasnt thickened lightly, smash a few potatoes against the side of the pot, and cook 1 to 2 minutes more to release the starch. Remove pot from the heat, and stir in the diced clams and the cream. Season, to taste. If you are not serving the chowder within the hour, let it cool a bit, then refrigerate cover the chowder after it has completely chilled. Otherwise, let it sit at room temperature for up to 1 hour, allowing the flavors to meld. When ready to serve, reheat the chowder over low heat dont let it boil. Ladle into cups or bowls, making sure that the clams, potatoes, and onions are evenly divided. Sprinkle with parsley, chives, and reserved saltpork cracklings.nScrub the clams, and rinse clean. Bring 2 cups of water to a boil in an 8quart stockpot over high heat. Add the clams, and cover tightly. After 5 minutes, uncover, and stir the clams with a wooden spoon. Quickly cover the pot again, and let steam for 5 minutes more, or until most of the clams have opened. Dont wait for them all to open, or they will be overcooked. It should only take a little tug or prying to open the stragglers once they are all removed from the heat. The total cooking time for large cherrystones will be about 10 minutes quahogs will need as much as 5 more minutes. While the clams are steaming, the broth should become foamy and light. It usually spills over a bit just as the clams are cooked and ready. As soon as you remove the clams from the stove, carefully pour as much of the broth as you can into a tall, narrow container. Let the broth sit for 10 minutes, then carefully pour through a finemesh strainer. After sitting, 99 percent of the grit will have collected at the bottom of the container. If you are not using the broth within the hour, chill it as quickly as possible, and cover it after it has completely cooled. Keep refrigerated for up to 3 days or frozen for up to 2 months. Remove the clams from their shells, cover, and refrigerate. After they have cooled a bit, dice them into 12inch pieces. Cover again, and keep refrigerated until ready to use.nYield: about 1 quart broth and 2 cups clam meat, ingredients: [4 ounces salt pork, rind removed and cut into 13inch pieces, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 medium onions 12 to 14 ounces, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 stalks celery 4 ounces, cut into 13inch pieces, 5 to 6 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed and chopped 2 teaspoons, 2 dried bay leaves, 2 pounds Yukon gold, Maine, PEI, or other allpurpose potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 4 cups Clam Broth, recipe follows, Diced clams reserved from Clam Broth recipe, 1 12 cups heavy cream or up to 2 cups, if desired, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, for garnish, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, for garnish, 8 pounds small quahogs or large cherrystone clams, 2 cups water], title: Jaspers New England Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 9264: {instructions: In a large pot cover potatoes with salted cold water by 1 inch and simmer, covered, until just tender, about 15 to 30 minutes, depending on size of potatoes. In a colander drain potatoes and cool to warm. Cut the potatoes crosswise into 12inchthick slices.nPrepare grill. In a small bowl whisk together the oil, cumin, salt and pepper. Brush both sides of the potato slices with the oil mixture. Brush the ears of corn with the remaining oil mixture. Grill the potato slices for 1 minute per side and transfer to a large bowl. If necessary, the grilled potato slices can be halved or quartered into bitesize pieces at this point.nGrill the corn for 3 to 4 minutes rotating once a minute and transfer to a plate. When the corn is cool enough to handle, remove the kernels with a sharp knife. Add the corn to the potato slices. Add the red bell pepper, scallions and 14 cup cilantro leaves.nPour half of the dressing over the vegetables and gently toss to combine. Add the remaining dressing and carefully stir again. Cover and let stand for at least 30 minutes to allow flavors to combine. Sprinkle with remaining chopped cilantro.nWhisk together vinaigrette ingredients., ingredients: [2 pounds mediumsize sweet potatoes, peeled, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ears corn, husked, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 scallions, chopped, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, ChileLime Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons canola oil, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon chipotle in adobo sauce, 1 teaspoon chile flakes, 1 teaspoon toasted ground cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Grilled Sweet Potato Salad with ChileLime Vinaigrette, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 9265: {instructions: Combine half of dry ingredients into a food processor. Add half of butter pieces into mixture and pulse until it resembles coarse meal. Turn out into a bowl. Rpeat with remaining half of ingredients. Add ice water to bowl with dough. Press together and divide corn crust into 2 equal parts. One will be used for this pie, and the other refrigerate for future use. Press 34 of crust into a pie dish and refrigerate for 20 minutes. Rest of crust will be for crumbling on top of pie later.nCombine all of the ingredients for the filling, except butter, and pour into pie crust. Crumble rest of crust mixture over the top and dot with unsalted butter. Bake in a preheated oven at 375 degrees for 35 to 50 minutes, until top is golden and bubbling Yield: 10 servings, ingredients: [3 cups corn flour, 2 13 cups flour, 13 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 sticks unsalted butter, very cold and cut into pieces, 34 cup cold iced water, 6 golden delicious apples, peeled, cored, wedged, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, Pinch nutmeg, Pinch cumin, Juice and zest of 1 lemon, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 stick unsalted butter], title: Chefs Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 9266: {instructions: In a large bowl, season goat meat with onions, tomato, ginger, garlic, curry powder, salt and pepper. Mix well and allow to marinate refrigerated overnight.nRemove meat from marinade. In a large braising pot, over a moderately high heat, brown off meat in 2 tablespoons ghee or oil until golden brown on all sides. When done browning all of the meat, pour excess fat from pot. Add rest of ghee or oil to pot and all of the reserved marinade, some hot sauce and saute for 6 minutes, then return meat to pot with enough water to just cover the meat and bring to a boil. Cover and put the pot in preheated 375degree oven for 1 12 hours. Add potatoes to pot. Return pot to oven and cook for 12 hour or until meat is tender.nSimmer sauce over medium heat and uncovered to thicken. Season with salt and more hot sauce if desired. Garnish meat with scallions. This can be served with roti or white rice.nTo a blender, add peppers and 1 cup of vinegar and puree. Add rest of vinegar if needed. Stir in pimento seeds. Store in a bottle or jar in refrigerator.nYield: 2 cupsnPut butter in a heavy bottomed saucepan and into a preheated 300 degree oven for 1 12 to 2 hours. Skim foam from top and pour the liquid into a glass jar, leaving behind any milk solids on the bottom of the pot. This is good for 6 months kept in the refrigerator., ingredients: [6 pounds goat stew meat, shoulder cut into 1 12inch pieces, 4 cups onions, sliced, 1 large tomato, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons ginger, chopped, 6 garlic cloves, crushed, 6 tablespoons curry powder, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 tablespoons ghee or vegetable oil, recipe follows, Water, Cheryls Hot Sauce, recipe follows, to taste, 4 Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cut into large dice, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced for garnish, 10 whole Scotch bonnet peppers, rinsed and stems removed, 1 to 1 12 cups white vinegar, 10 whole pimento seeds, 1 pound unsalted butter, cut into chunks], title: Curried Goat, picturelink: null}, 9267: {instructions: Coat chicken wings in flour that has been seasoned with salt. Heat enough vegetable oil in a large skillet on stovetop to fry wings until crisp. Remove wings from skillet, drain on paper towels and set aside. Wings can also be baked in the oven without the flour.nHeat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in frying pan and add ginger, cook for 1 minute. Add in honey and stir for an additional minute. In a separate bowl, combine corn flour, water, hot sauce, lemon juice, and soy sauce, then add mixture to pan. Stir until sauce boils and thickens. Add in chicken wings and combine with sauce until thoroughly heated. Add shallots and cook for 1 more minute.nServe Buffalo Wings with blue cheese dressing, carrots andor celery sticks., ingredients: [10 whole, fresh chicken wings, cut in pieces 20 wing pieces, Allpurpose flour, Salt, Vegetable oil, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 teaspoons corn flour, 12 cup water, 3 tablespoons hot sauce recommended: Franks Hot Sauce, 13 cup lemon juice, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 4 shallots, sliced], title: Honey Chili Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 9268: {instructions: To a large skillet preheated over medium heat, add 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 turns of the pan, and chopped garlic. When the garlic speaks by sizzling in oil add bread crumbs. Stir bread crumbs until deeply golden in color. Add parsley and a liberal amount of salt and pepper, about 1 teaspoon of each. Transfer bread crumbs to a dish and reserve.nReturn skillet to heat and add 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan. Add sardines and red pepper flakes to the pan and saute over medium heat 2 or 3 minutes. Add hot, cooked pasta to the skillet and toss with sardines. Add bread crumbs to the pot and toss thoroughly to combine and evenly distribute the mixture. Taste, to adjust seasonings, and serve., ingredients: [14 cup plus 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 12 cups bread crumbs, 12 cups flatleaf parsley, chopped, Coarse salt and coarse black pepper, 2 tins sardines, 4 ounces each, drained, boned and chopped, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 pound linguini, fresh or dried, your choice, cooked to al dente in salted water], title: SicilianStyle Sardine Pasta with Bread Crumbs, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 9269: {instructions: Lay out 2 of the flour tortillas on a flat surface. Top with 12 cup of the Cheddar, spreading evenly over the tortillas. Divide the steak among the tortillas and sprinkle with the desired amount of jalapeno. Top with salsa and remaining 14 cup cheese. Top with remaining tortillas and press to seal.nHeat a large saute pan over high heat. Add enough oil to coat the bottom of the pan and lower the heat to medium. Cook until golden brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Repeat with the other quesadilla.nLet cool for 5 minutes. Slice into 8 or 10 pieces. Garnish with salsa and cilantro sprigs., ingredients: [4 12inch flour tortillas, 12 cup grated Cheddar, plus 14 cup, 8 ounces sirloin steak, grilled to desired doneness and thinly sliced, 1 to 2 tablespoons minced jalapeno, 14 cup salsa, plus more for serving, Vegetable oil, for cooking, Cilantro sprigs, for garnish], title: Spicy Steak Quesadilla, picturelink: 9qt.3el.NMQqEV7nKEzUiUZOoaKKque}, 9270: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease a 9 12 by 13 12 by 34inch pan. Cut waxed paper width of pan plus 5 inches in length. Line the pan so there is at least 2 inches of waxed paper extending over both ends of the pan. Grease the paper.nSeparate the eggs, and beat the yolks with the sugar, until they are light, creamy and thickened.nBreak chocolate into pieces and place in medium saucepan with the water. Melt over hot not boiling and let cool.nUsing clean beaters, beat the egg whites until stiff. Stir the chocolate into the yolks and fold in the beaten egg whites. Gently combine. To facilitate this, put a small amount of whites into the yolk and chocolate mixture and then add all this back into the whites.nSpread the chocolate mixture evenly in the prepared pan and bake for 10 to 15 minutes. Shut off the oven and bake 5 minutes more. Practice will tell you if the timing is right.nRemove from the oven and cover top with a dishtowel wrung out in cold water. Stretch the cloth tight and tuck under the pan. Cool, and refrigerate 1 hour.nRemove the cloth carefully and loosen edges with knife. Dust top heavily and completely with cocoa. Lay 2 pieces of waxed paper longer than the pan side by side overlapping with the top over the bottom. Turn out cake on bottom end of paper and carefully pull off the waxed paper.nWhip the cream over a bowl of ice, and add the sugar and vanilla when it begins to thicken. Beat until stiff.nSpread the cake with the whipped cream, with less towards the top. Roll the cake from bottom, the long side forward, using the waxed paper to roll it. When rolled, the paper should be all around it so you can mold it with your hands as you finish. Put on a long wooden board to chill for a few hours.nWhen ready to serve, open the paper and cut off along side with the tip of a knife. If there are cracks along the side, dust all over with the cocoa in a shaker or use a small sieve or sifter to distribute it where needed., ingredients: [5 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 6 ounces sweet dark chocolate preferably Bakers German, 3 tablespoons cold water, Cocoa, for dusting, 1 cup whipping cream, 14 cup or less confectioners sugar, to taste, 1 to 2 teaspoons vanilla, to taste], title: Chocolate Roll, picturelink: null}, 9271: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometernBring a medium pot of water to a boil and add the sweet potatoes. Cook for 5 minutes, drain and rinse with cold water to cool. Dry off any excess water with a kitchen towel.nPut the onions and cooled sweet potatoes in the work bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal chopping blade. Pulse until the sweet potatoes are almost pureed but still a bit grainy. You should have some very small bits of potato visible. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl and stir in the flour, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper to combine.nUsing your hands, shape the potato mixture into 1 to 1 12inchlong cylinders, packing them very tightly.nHeat about 2 inches of oil in a deep heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil registers 350 degrees F. Line a large plate or baking sheet with paper towels.nWorking in batches, add the tater tots to the shimmering hot oil and cook until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes, turning with tongs or a slotted spoon to ensure even browning and being careful not to overcrowd the pan. With a slotted spoon or skimmer, remove the browned tots to the towellined plate to drain. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 14 medium onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oil, preferably peanut or grapeseed, for frying], title: Sweet PoTater Tots, picturelink: VNQXQGKWYsy4GRo3fW.b99jkVPynMGi}, 9272: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nGrate the zucchini into a bowl using the large grating side of a box grater. Immediately stir in the onion and eggs. Stir in 6 tablespoons of the flour, the baking powder, salt, and pepper. If the batter gets too thin from the liquid in the zucchini, add the remaining 2 tablespoons of flour.nHeat a large 10 to 12inch saute pan over medium heat and melt 12 tablespoon butter and 12 tablespoon oil together in the pan. When the butter is hot but not smoking, lower the heat to mediumlow and drop heaping soup spoons of batter into the pan. Cook the pancakes about 2 minutes on each side, until browned. Place the pancakes on a sheet pan and keep warm in the oven. Wipe out the pan with a dry paper towel, add more butter and oil to the pan, and continue to fry the pancakes until all the batter is used. The pancakes can stay warm in the oven for up to 30 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 medium zucchini about 34 pound, 2 tablespoons grated red onion, 2 extralarge eggs, lightly beaten, 6 to 8 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Unsalted butter and vegetable oil], title: Zucchini Pancakes, picturelink: eaHTn.CiKKHu91bd7cSKPJS4s6kt4rm}, 9273: {instructions: Layer the pork and onion in a 3 12quart slow cooker. Stir the soups in a small bowl. Pour the soup mixture over all. Cover and cook on LOW for 8 to 9 hours or until the pork is forktender. Serve the pork and sauce with the rice., ingredients: [1 medium onion, chopped about 12 cup, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Mushroom Soup Regular or 98 Fat Free, 6 bonein pork chops about 2 pounds, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Celery Soup Regular or 98 Fat Free, Hot cooked instant white rice], title: Slow Cooker Pork Chops, picturelink: fPp1sTyiWsMMWh9plo5CcRl1fQIsfOq}, 9274: {instructions: Preheat a grill to high.nSeason the radicchio with the balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper.nPlace the radicchio on the grill for about a minute on each side, watching it carefully, as it can burn very easily. Drizzle the radicchio with olive oil. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 heads radicchio, quartered, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Radicchio, picturelink: null}, 9275: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and place the racks in the upper and lower third of the oven.nIn a medium bowl, mix the peanut butter, sugar, vanilla and egg until well combined. Spoon 1 tablespoon of the mixture about 1 inch apart onto ungreased baking sheets. Flatten the mounds with the tines of a fork, making a crosshatch pattern on the cookies. Sprinkle coarse salt on top of the cookies.nBake until golden around the edges, about 10 minutes, switching the position of the sheets halfway through baking. Transfer to racks to cool. Repeat with the remaining dough., ingredients: [1 cup natural peanut butter, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Coarse sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Flourless Peanut Butter Cookies, picturelink: Z1XWTbSbSUYnWKbt7swPp1mtl0s2MaS}, 9276: {instructions: Cut the cucumbers in half lengthwise and then slice across the width into 12inch half moons. Sprinkle with salt and let sit in a colander for 20 to 30 minutes. Combine the cilantro, Achiote, orange juice, lime juice, garlic and peppercorns in a blender. Puree until smooth. Cut the swordfish into 1 12inch chunks and place in a nonreactive bowl. Pour over the cilantro marinade and let sit 20 to 30 minutes. Preheat the grill or broiler. Grill chard, transfer to a large bowl and toss with lime dressing. Thread alternating swordfish and cucumber chunks on skewers. Grill or broil about 1 12 minutes per side. Line a serving platter or plates with the chard. Top with the skewers and serve.nWhisk together the olive oil, lime juice, salt and pepper. Serve., ingredients: [6 pickling cucumbers, ends trimmed and peeled, Salt, 2 bunches cilantro, leaves only, 3 ounces Achiote paste, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 8 garlic cloves, roughly chopped, 1 12 tablespoons black peppercorns, 2 pounds skinless Swordfish fillet, 2 bunches red chard, stemmed, and cut into large pieces, 12 cup Lime Olive Oil Dressing, recipe follows, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Skewered Marinated Swordfish and Cucumber, picturelink: null}, 9277: {instructions: Combine the vinegar, sugar and 12 cup water in a pan and bring to boil over mediumhigh heat. Pour over the cucumbers and onions in a heatproof container. Add the tarragon and salt, and gently toss. Refrigerate for several hours before serving., ingredients: [1 cup white vinegar, 34 cup sugar, 2 English cucumbers, thinly sliced into half moons, 1 small Vidalia onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Cool Cucumber Salad, picturelink: null}, 9278: {instructions: Place all ingredients in large pot and allow to cook down for 1 to 1 12 hours until most liquid evaporates. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Store covered in the refrigerator., ingredients: [3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and small dice 6 cups, 2 Vidalia or other sweet onion, medium dice 3 cups, 2 cups sultana raisins, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup apple cider, 12 cup cider vinegar, 1 cinnamon stick, 3 cloves, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper], title: Vidalia Onion and Granny Smith Apple Chutney, picturelink: null}, 9279: {instructions: Heat the EVOO in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the pancetta and render until it begins to crisp, then add the ham and stir a minute or 2 more. Add the veal and break it up into fine crumbles, until lightly brown. Then add the garlic, bay leaf and onions, and season with salt and pepper and a little nutmeg. Let the onions cook, partially covered, for a few minutes, then stir in the tomato paste until fragrant. Add the wine and heat. Then add the milk, reduce the heat to low and simmer gently 3 hours. Add a little stock or water whenever the sauce gets too thick, up to 2 cups over the course of the cooking time. Cool and refrigerate or freeze for makeahead meal.nTo serve, boil the pasta in salted water to al dente reserve 1 cup starchy cooking water just before draining. Add to the sauce, toss with the pasta and some cheese and serve in shallow bowls., ingredients: [3 tablespoons EVOO, 4 ounce chunk pancetta or guanciale, 14inch dice, 4 ounces prosciutto cotto or mild ham, fine dice, 1 14 pounds ground veal, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, A few grates of fresh nutmeg, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 1 12 cups milk, 1 to 2 cups chicken stock or water, 1 pound egg tagliatelle, such as Delverde brand, Freshly grated grana padano cheese or ParmigianoReggiano], title: Genovese Red Sauce, picturelink: jqEmHCyMKnW.Mm3kxNHCEaY66xjTe}, 9280: {instructions: Bring a medium pot of boiling water to a boil over medium heat. Season the water with salt, then add the orzo and cook to al dente. Drain, reserving the cooking water.nIn another pot of boiling water, over medium heat, blanch the leeks for 1 or 2 minutes, then remove and shock in a bowl of ice water. Drain and set aside.nIn a skillet, over low heat, melt the butter and add the corn and scraped milk from all 4 cobs. Cook for 1 minute and add about 1 cup reserved pasta cooking water. Bring to a simmer and cook until thick and reduced, about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add more pasta cooking water if gets too dry. Add the blanched leeks and heat through, about 1 minute. Add the orzo and toss to combine. Season with salt, to taste. Transfer the corn and orzo to a serving bowl, garnish with parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 cup orzo, 4 tablespoons finely sliced washed leek white and light green part only, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 ears corn, top half of kernels cut from cobs and cobs scraped for milk, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Creamy Leek and Corn Orzo, picturelink: Xwp0y51HW9ELtXuAD9AkcQo920Ja4PC}, 9281: {instructions: Slice a piece of cucumber and reserve for garnish. Peel, halve and seed the remaining cucumber. Puree in a blender until smooth, then strain through a fine mesh sieve.nFill a highball glass threequarters of the way with ice. Add 2 ounces cucumber puree, the gin, lime juice and simple syrup and stir. To make a batch of simple syrup, simmer equal parts sugar and water in a saucepan until the sugar dissolves, then cool. Fill the glass with seltzer and stir again. Garnish with the reserved cucumber slice.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [1 cucumber, 1 14 ounces gin, Splash of fresh lime juice, Splash of simple syrup, Chilled seltzer], title: Mamas Little Helper, picturelink: 54fgMEr8pTuX7pkEgrjJgnZ6JGHTgOa}, 9282: {instructions: Place grated potatoes and onion in large colander and drain well, squeeze mixture to extract as much liquid as possible. Transfer mixture to large bowl. Mix in green onion and next 8 ingredients. Gently heat 2 tablespoons zesty cilantro pesto can be replaced with oil if extra cilantro flavor is not desired in a large nonstick skillet over mediumheat. Add cumin seeds and turmeric and stir 30 seconds. Stir into potato mixture. Cover and let stand 30 minutes to allow flavors to blend. Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in same skillet over medium heat. Add scant 3 tablespoons potato mixture to skillet for each pancake using spatula, flatten to about 4inch rounds. Cook until golden, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer pancakes to ovenproof dish keep warm in oven. Repeat with remaining potato mixture, adding more cilantro pesto or oil as necessary, ingredients: [2 12 pounds white potatoes, peeled, grated into enough cold water to cover, 1 large white onion, grated, 12 cup finely chopped green onion, 12 cup chickpea flour, 2 large eggs, beaten to blend, 1 12 tablespoons minced seeded jalapeno chili, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 2 tablespoons Cilantro Pesto, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons or more vegetable oil, 1 12 teaspoons cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon ground tumeric,  Chick pea flour is available at Middle Eastern and Indian markets], title: Potato Pancakes with ChickPea Flour, Cilantro and Cumin, picturelink: null}, 9283: {instructions: Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg and vanilla until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture until just incorporated.nTransfer half of the dough to a separate bowl and stir in the lemon zest and juice. Beat the molasses, ginger, cinnamon and allspice into the remaining dough. Lay out a large sheet of plastic wrap. Drop alternating spoonfuls of the two doughs onto the plastic to form an 11by8inch rectangle. Use the plastic to roll the dough into a 2by11inch log, twisting the ends closed. Refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours or overnight.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Slice the dough into 12inchthick rounds and arrange about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the edges of the cookies are set, 14 to 18 minutes. Let cool 2 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, plus 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 14 cup molasses, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, Sanding sugar, for sprinkling], title: LemonGinger Marble Cookies, picturelink: x11QVucEiQOKQw8atjGsk68elGxe}, 9284: {instructions: Whisk together zest, juice, mustard, honey, anchovy paste, sherry vinegar, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until combined. Slowly whisk in the olive oil. Add zucchini, frisee, herbs, olives, and onion and toss to coat. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 teaspoons finely grated fresh lemon zest, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 small zucchini, trimmed and thinly sliced into half moons, 3 cups loosely packed frisee French curly endive, trimmed and torn into small pieces, 14 cup loosely packed fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves, torn in 12 lengthwise if large, 14 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, torn into small pieces, 12 kalamata olives, pitted and thinly sliced lengthwise, 1 small red onion, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise], title: Zucchini Salad, picturelink: QzvUmlAio7kqr0PWOaN5zGHVoZufHfu}, 9285: {instructions: For the crumble: Brown the butter over medium heat. Stir with a whisk. Once golden brown, remove from the heat immediately. Be sure to not burn it Add the flour, brown sugar, salt and cinnamon, and continue to heat until fully combined.nFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 345 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with 15 liners.nCombine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.nIn a mixer with a paddle attachment at medium speed, combine the butter and brown sugar. Mix until fully combined. One ingredient at a time, add the bananas, sour cream, vanilla and eggs, mixing well between additions.nAdd the dry ingredients to the bowl and continue to mix. Do not over mix Scoop the batter into the cupcake liners and add a generous amount of brown butter crumble on each top. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes. Check for doneness by inserting a toothpick into the cupcakes. If it comes out clean, they are done. Allow to cool.nFor the buttercream: In a mixer with a paddle attachment at medium speed, blend the speculoos until smooth. Add the butter and mix until fully combined. Add the powdered sugar until you reach a smooth, silky consistency.nTo assemble: Place the speculoos buttercream in a piping bag with a plain tip and pipe to your hearts content. There is no wrong way, have fun and enjoy, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, Pinch ground cinnamon, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups brown sugar, 1 12 cups mashed bananas very ripe, 34 cup sour cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 whole eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup speculoos cookie butter, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup powdered sugar], title: Banana Speculoos Cupcakes, picturelink: FFIilyALbO5qTt6wpG2hP1dKVkGwXa}, 9286: {instructions: In a skillet set over moderate heat, warm the oil until it is hot. Add the onion and pepper and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes, or until softened. Add the garlic, gingerroot and curry powder and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the tuna, chilies and salt and cook, stirring, until heated through. Season with lemon or lime juice and toss with cilantro. Serve with rice or as a filling for flour tortillas., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 onion, minced, 12 green bell pepper, minced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon minced gingerroot, 12 teaspoon hot Madras curry powder, 3 6ounce cans tuna packed in spring water, drained, 1 to 2 green serrano or jalapeno chilies, stemmed, seeded and minced, or to taste, Salt to taste, 12 lemon or lime, juiced, 13 to 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, or to taste], title: Turans Tuna Curry, picturelink: null}, 9287: {instructions: For the Cookies: In a large bowl, beat the butter, sugar, vanilla, cinnamon, and salt with an electric mixer until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the egg. Stir in the flour until just blended. Mix in the apricots, almonds, and pine nuts.nTransfer the dough to a sheet of plastic wrap and shape into a log, about 12inches long and 1 12inches in diameter. Wrap the dough in the plastic and refrigerate for 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 heavy baking sheets with parchment paper.nCut the dough log crosswise into 14 to 12 inchthick slices. Transfer the cookies to the prepared baking sheets, spacing evenly apart. Bake until the cookies are golden around the edges, about 15 minutes. Transfer the cookies to a wire rack to cool completely before icing.nFor the Icing: Place the confectioners sugar in a medium mixing bowl. Gradually whisk in the almond flavored liqueur, until the mixture is of drizzling consistency.nPlace the wire rack over a baking sheet. Using a spoon or fork, drizzle the cookies with the icing, allowing any excess icing to drip onto the baking sheet. Allow the icing to set before serving, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 large egg, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup dried apricots, coarsely chopped, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 1 34 cups confectioners sugar, 5 to 7 tablespoons almond flavored liqueur recommended: Amaretto], title: Apricot and Nut Cookies with Amaretto Icing, picturelink: v8MUVlLdDCAdbulb2E6RgcExzF1ejW}, 9288: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nGrease a 2 quart souffle dish well and sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the cheese around the sides and bottom of the dish.nCook the grits in the milk with the salt until done. Add the pepper, cayenne, butter, cheese, and egg yolks to the grits. Stir well and let cool.nWhip the egg whites until stiff and carefully fold into the grits mixture. Pour into the prepared souffle dish and bake for 20 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup grated, sharp cheddar cheese, 1 cup raw grits, 4 cups milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, Pinch cayenne, 4 ounces butter, 4 eggs, separated], title: Kentucky Derby Creamy Cheddar Grits Souffle, picturelink: null}, 9289: {instructions: Halve and bone the chickens completely, leaving the first wing joint intact.nIn a small saute pan, blanch the garlic cloves in boiling water for 1 minute. Drain. Cut the garlic into paperthin slices. Toss them in a small bowl with the parsley and a little salt and pepper.nStuff a little of the garlic mixture into the pockets under the skin of the chicken breasts and thighs about 2 teaspoons per chicken. Transfer the chicken to a large plate, cover with plastic wrap and chill until ready to use.nHeat a charcoal or gas grill until moderately hot. Grill the chickens 7 to 10 minutes per side, or just until the pinkness disappears. Do not overcook.nHeat the butter in a saute pan and in it, gently saute the remaining garlic mixture. Add the lemon juice and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nDivide the chicken halves among 4 large heated dinner plates. Top with the Sauteed garlic and parsley. Serve with fresh vegetables cooked al dente., ingredients: [2 whole chickens, about 2 pounds each, 2 small heads garlic, separated into cloves and peeled, 14 cup Italian parsley leaves, Kosher salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons 1ounce unsalted butter, 1 large lemon, juiced], title: Grilled Chicken with Blanched Garlic, picturelink: null}, 9290: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the onions and garlic and cook stirring occasionally until soft and brown, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a food processor, along with the spinach, potato, milk, egg, egg white, Worcestershire, lemon zest, mint, cloves, salt and pepper. Pulse until everything is finely chopped and evenly mixed together.nUse a rubber spatula to transfer spinach mixture a bowl. Add the turkey, and stir everything together. Transfer meatloaf mixture to a 9 by 5inch loaf pan 1 12 quarts and bake 1 hour and 15 minutes. Remove loaf from oven, let rest for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, chop the tomatoes and toss with the olive oil, salt and parsley. Slice meatloaf and serve with the tomato salad., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 10ounce packages frozen spinach, thawed and excess water squeezed out, 1 large 10 ounce cooked baking potato, peeled, 1 cup 1 percent milk, 1 large egg, plus 1 egg white, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon dried mint, Pinch ground cloves, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ground lean turkey, 4 plum tomatoes, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Slimmed Down  TurkeySpinach Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 9291: {instructions: Stir together all the ingredients in a medium size bowl. Cover and chill until needed., ingredients: [1 cup mango, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup plum tomatoes, chopped, 14 cup red onion, chopped], title: Mango Salsa, picturelink: null}, 9292: {instructions: Place all 3 kinds of beans in large mixing bowl and toss with remaining ingredients. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Set aside.nSeason salmon with cumin, salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large, nonstick skillet over medium heat. Place salmon skin side down in skillet and cook until skin is crisp and golden, about 3 to 4 minutes. Turn fillets over and cook until medium rare, about 3 more minutes.nServe salmon with salad., ingredients: [1 15ounce can navy beans, drained and rinsed, 1 15ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 1 15ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 good bunch scallions, finely sliced, 1 small bunch parsley, leaves finely chopped, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 6 to 8ounce salmon fillets, Ground cumin, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Seared Salmon with 3 Bean Salad, picturelink: eRfMVwRre5fPu4qLK6xMFvu4Cnpgu}, 9293: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place a rack in a roasting pan. Mix the butter, chopped garlic, curry paste, 3 teaspoons ginger, the zest of 2 limes and the juice of 1 lime in a bowl.nSeason the chicken with salt. Loosen the skin and rub the curry butter underneath. Place skinside up on the rack and pour about 12 cup water into the pan. Roast until the chicken is cooked through and the skin is crisp, 20 to 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, mix the crushed garlic with the remaining 1 teaspoon ginger, the zest of 1 lime and juice of 2 limes. Whisk in the vegetable oil. Shave the carrots into ribbons with a vegetable peeler and toss with the dressing. Add the cilantro and 12 teaspoon salt and toss. Serve the chicken with the carrotginger salad.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 3 garlic cloves 2 chopped, 1 crushed, 4 teaspoons Thai green curry paste available in the international aisle, 4 teaspoons finely chopped peeled ginger, Grated zest and juice of 3 limes, 4 skinon, bonein chicken breasts 2 to 2 12 pounds, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 pound carrots, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Thai Chicken with CarrotGinger Salad, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 9294: {instructions: Mix the water, yeast, and molasses in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook. Let this stand for 12 minutes to activate the yeast the water will foam slightly. Add the salt and oil to the bowl and mix well. With mixer on low speed add the all purpose flour and the whole wheat flour to the bowl and mix until all the flour is absorbed and the dough pulls away from the side of the bowl. Remove the dough from the bowl and cut the dough into 6 512 ounce portions. Roll the portioned dough into balls and place on an oiled baking pan. Brush the ball lightly with olive oil and cover with plastic wrap. If you are going to use the dough right away let the dough sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before using. You can store the dough after portioning for 1 day in the refrigerator, but you must let sit at room temperature for 1 hour before using., ingredients: [11 ounces lukewarm water, 1 teaspoon fresh yeast, 1 tablespoon molasses, 2 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 12 tablespoons olive oil, 3 12 cups all purpose flour, 13 cup whole wheat flour], title: Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 9295: {instructions: When a recipe calls for a squash to be peeled and chopped, getting it to that condition can sometimes be a nuisance. But one way to make peeling squash simpler is to start by cutting it in half lengthwise. Using an ice cream scooper, remove the seeds then cut the squash into long slices, in the same way as you would a cantaloupe. Use a peeler or a curved peeling knife to remove the skin., ingredients: [1 squash], title: How to Peel a Squash, picturelink: null}, 9296: {instructions: Preheat the oven 375 degrees F.nBrush the salmon fillet with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bake on a sheet tray in the oven until cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Break the salmon into small pieces with a fork.nBrush the wonton skins with the remaining olive oil. Put the wontons on a sheet tray and bake until golden brown and crisp, about 6 to 7 minutes.nIn food processor, mix the cream cheese and gelatin until smooth. Put the mixture in a bowl and stir in the cooked salmon and scallions.nOn a large sheet of aluminum foil, arrange the smoked salmon in 1 layer, then cover with plastic wrap and pound out until very thin. Remove the plastic wrap and spread cream cheese mixture over salmon, then roll and wrap in foil. Refrigerate overnight.nIn a small bowl, mix the wasabi powder and creme fraiche. Crush the wontons into flakes.nRemove the salmon roll from the refrigerator, unwrap and slice into 12inch slices. Insert a wooden skewer into each slice and transfer to a serving platter. Top with a bit of the creme fraiche and a sprinkle of wonton flakes.nFood Network Kitchens have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 8ounce salmon fillet about 1 large fillet, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 wonton skins, cut crosswise into triangles, 16 ounces Neufchatel cream cheese, 1 package powdered gelatin, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 8 ounces smoked salmon, 3 tablespoons wasabi powder, 6 ounces creme fraiche, Aluminum foil, Wooden skewers], title: Smoked Salmon Mousse Lollipops with Wasabi Creme Fraiche and Baked Wonton Flakes, picturelink: B33mAXUWzpNMUkoZg9nnj8tIgfeROi}, 9297: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Cut baguette crosswise into 14inch thick slices. In a saucepan melt butter with salt to taste over moderate heat and brush butter on 1 side of each slice. Arrange baguette slices, buttered sides up, on 2 large baking sheets and toast in upper and middle thirds of oven until golden, about 12 minutes. Toast may be made 2 days ahead and kept in an airtight container.nSPREAD: Drain beans in a colander. Gently rinse beans and drain well. Mince parsley. In a food processor blend together all spread ingredients except oil until smooth. With motor running, add oil in a slow steady stream, blending until incorporated, and season spread with salt and pepper. Spread may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring spread to room temperature before serving. Makes about 3 12 cups spread and 75 toast., ingredients: [1 baguette about 22 inches, 12 stick unsalted butter, Salt, to taste, 2 19ounce cans white beans such as cannellini, 1 cup packed fresh flatleafed parsley leaves, 2 large garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons drained capers, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound proscutto optional, for garnish], title: Herbed Bean Spread with Baguette Toast, picturelink: null}, 9298: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly brush a 12muffin tin with butter and set aside.nWhisk the flour, baking soda, brown sugar, and cinnamon together in a medium bowl set aside.nWhisk the banana, oil, milk, eggs, salt, and vanilla in a large measuring cup with a spout or another bowl.nMake a small well in the center of the dry ingredients. Pour wet ingredients into the center then stir with a wooden spoon until the dry ingredients are moistened but still lumpy. Do not overmix the batter or your muffins will come out dense. Gently stir in the nuts. Divide the batter evenly into the muffin tin.nPut the muffins in the oven and immediately reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Bake until golden brown, about 25 minutes, rotating the pan halfway through the cooking. Insert a toothpick into the center of a muffin to check if it is done. Toothpick should come out clean. Cool muffins in the pan on a rack for a couple minutes. Turn the muffins out of the pan and cool on the rack. Serve warm or at room temperature.nCopyright 2003 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [2 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups smashed bananas about 4 to 6 bananas, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup milk, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cups chopped walnuts], title: Banana Muffins, picturelink: xhb9.92OaMT9CsoMUqnZrVlG9xVWDJe}, 9299: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan to high. Drizzle both sides of bread with 3 tablespoons oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill on both sides until nicely marked and somewhat crispy, about 5 minutes. Remove from grill, set aside to cool.nIn a large bowl, toss together tomatoes, peppers, cucumber, garlic, capers, parsley and basil. Drizzle in the vinegars, remaining 1 tablespoon of oil and season with salt and pepper. Toss again. Let sit for 15 to 20 minutes in the refrigerator. When ready to serve, cut bread into 1inch cubes and toss gently with the vegetables. Gently fold in goat cheese and avocado and adjust seasoning, if necessary., ingredients: [3 1inch thick slices from an 8 by 4inch sourdough round, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup halved grape tomatoes, 3 tablespoons diced red bell pepper, 12 cup peeled, seeds removed, and diced English cucumber, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon capers, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped Italian parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons freshly julienned basil leaves, 1 12 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup goat cheese, crumbled, 1 avocado, cut in half, pitted and flesh diced], title: Chop Chop Bread Salad, picturelink: null}}