{9600: {instructions: Reserve about onethird of the chopped tomatoes. Combine the remaining tomatoes, parsley, mint, basil, capers, garlic, red pepper flakes, sugar, salt, and black pepper in a food processor fitted with the metal blade process until a smooth paste is formed. With the motor running, add the oil in a thin, steady stream. Transfer the mixture to a large serving bowl.nMeanwhile, cook the fettuccine in boiling salted water according to package directions until al dente. Drain well and add to the bowl with the tomato mixture. Add the reserved tomatoes and toss like a salad until well combined. Serve immediately, garnished with the optional walnuts and parsley, if using., ingredients: [1 pound plum tomatoes, seeded and coarsely chopped, 12 cup packed fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 cup packed fresh mint leaves, 12 cup packed fresh basil leaves, 14 cup drained capers, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, or to taste, Pinch sugar, or more to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound eggfree fettuccine, 12 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, toasted, Freshly chopped parsley optional], title: Fettuccine with Spicy Raw Tomato, Herb, and Caper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9601: {instructions: Place all ingredients, except vermicelli, in a pot and bring to a boil. Cover and remove from heat. In another pot, cook vermicelli according to package directions. I find it helpful to break the pasta in half before the hike.nCarefully drain the pasta and add to curry pot. Return to stove, reduce heat, and stir until well mixed and bubbling if it seems too dry, add a bit more water. Turn stove off, cover pot. Let stand 5 to 7 minutes, or until thickened., ingredients: [2 cups water, 2 ounces beef jerky, cut into small pieces, 1 2ounce packet powdered coconut milk, 1 12 ounces dehydrated mixed vegetables preferably mushrooms, onion, and carrots, 1ounce raisins, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 beef bullion cube, 6 ounces Asian rice vermicelli], title: High Country Beef Curry, picturelink: null}, 9602: {instructions: To make the wings: Place the wings in a glass or other nonreactive bowl and add 1 cup of the hot sauce and Worcestershire. Mix thoroughly, being sure all the wings are coated, cover and refrigerate for a minimum of 30 minutes.nPour the oil for frying in a large pot to a depth of 2 inches and heat over medium heat to 375 degrees F.nPlace the flour in a separate mixing bowl and season with kosher salt and cayenne pepper to taste. In a separate bowl, prepare an egg wash by whisking together the eggs and milk until well blended. Working with all 3 bowls wings, flour mixture and egg wash: first dredge each wing in the flour mixture, then dip the wing in the egg wash and finally dredge the wing completely in the flour mixture, coating it evenly. Deepfry the wings for 12 to 15 minutes or until the batter achieves a crisp, uniform texture. When cooked through, set aside to drain on paper towels or the nonprinted side of a paper grocery bag.nTo make the dressing: in a mixing bowl and using a wire whisk, combine the sour cream, mayonnaise, lemon juice, vinegar, parsley, shallots, and garlic, blending until smooth. Gently stir in the crumbled cheese until completely mixed in.nTo serve, place the fried wings in a large bowl and drench with the remaining 1 cup hot sauce or less, to taste. Serve with the blue cheese dipping sauce and celery sticks on the side u00bf and plenty of napkins, ingredients: [30 chicken wings, small wing joint removed, 2 cups hot sauce, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, Kosher salt, Cayenne pepper, 2 large eggs, 14 cup whole milk, Oil, for deepfrying, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon minced shallots, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 14 pound blue cheese, crumbled, Celery sticks, for serving], title: Classic Buffalo Wings, picturelink: null}, 9603: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, stir together the mayonnaise, cornichons, parsley, tarragon, capers, scallion, lemon zest and juice. Add the hot sauce, if using. Refrigerate for 30 minutes for the flavors to come together. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup prepared mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon finely chopped cornichons, 1 tablespoon finely chopped flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 teaspoon finely chopped fresh tarragon, 1 12 tablespoons chopped capers, 1 small scallion, white and green, minced, 14 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 to 3 drops hot sauce optional], title: Tartar Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9604: {instructions: Toast 8 ounces fideo or broken spaghetti in a skillet with olive oil over low heat, 4 minutes. Stir in 1 cup chopped scallions and 2 teaspoons ground cumin. Add 1 12 cups chicken broth and one 14ounce can diced tomatoes with chiles. Simmer, stirring, until the noodles are tender, 12 minutes. Season with salt. Top with chopped cilantro and crumbled Cotija cheese.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Noodles with Spicy Tomato Sauce, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 9605: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nToss the cubed butternut squash in olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper and place on a baking sheet. Roast until slightly caramelized, about 20 minutes. This can be done ahead.nMelt the butter in a heavy, large pot over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the squash and 1 12 teaspoons rosemary saute 5 minutes to coat with the butter and soften. Add the wine and simmer until evaporated, about 1 minute. Stir in the stock, cream and Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper. Simmer on low heat.nCook the pasta in salted boiling water until al dente. Drain. Add the hot pasta to the sauce and mix well. Toss in the spinach and sprinkle with the blue cheese., ingredients: [1 2pound butternut squash, peeled, halved, seeded, cut into 12 to 34inch dice about 3 cups, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 14 cups finely chopped onion, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, divided, 12 cup dry white wine, 14 cup vegetarian or chicken stock, 12 cup whipping cream, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 pound pasta bowties and penne work well, 4 cups packed baby spinach leaves about 4 ounces, 13 cup crumbled Point Reyes Original Blue Cheese about 1 12 ounces], title: Penne with Point Reyes Original Blue, Roasted Butternut Squash and Spinach, picturelink: null}, 9606: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray mini cupcake pans with the nonstick spray. Refrigerate. Microwave the chocolate until melted and smooth, stirring every 20 seconds, for about 1 minute.nCombine the almonds and cookies in processor. Pulse until the almonds and cookies are finely ground. Transfer the nut mixture to a medium bowl. Add the butter and sugar to the processor and blend until creamy and smooth. Add the grated orange zest and pulse briefly, until incorporated. Add the eggs 1 at a time. Blend until the eggs are incorporated. Clean the sides of the mixing bowl and blend again. Add the nut mixture and melted chocolate. Pulse until blended. Clean the sides of the bowl. Blend again.nPour the batter into the prepared pans. Bake until the center puffs and a tester inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 8 to 10 minutes. Cool in the pans for 10 to 15 minutes.nTransfer mini cakes to a platter. Sift the cocoa powder over and serve., ingredients: [Butterflavored nonstick cooking spray, 34 cup bittersweet chocolate or semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup slivered almonds, 1 cup baby amaretti cookies about 2 ounces, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 23 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest, 4 large eggs, Unsweetened cocoa powder, for sifting, Special Equipment: mini cupcake pans], title: Mini Chocolate Amaretti Cakes, picturelink: null}, 9607: {instructions: Place the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and then add the onion, ginger, and garlic. Cook for 4 minutes, until onions are soft and golden. Add the curry leaves, mustard seeds, sambar powder, asafoetida, red chile powder, and turmeric to the pan and cook for 2 minutes. Add the chicken and cook for 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the tomatoes, coconut milk, and water and cook until chicken is done, about 8 minutes. Serve the chicken with rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh garlic, 14 cup dried curry leaves, 1 tablespoon brown mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon sambar powder, 1 teaspoon asafoetida, 1 teaspoon red chile powder, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 2 pounds chicken breasts, boneless and skinless, cubed, 1 cup chopped tomatoes, 1 cup coconut milk, 14 cup water, Serving suggestion: Serve with rice.], title: Chicken South Indian Style, picturelink: null}, 9608: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the chicken, cranberries, mayonnaise, walnuts, scallions, curry powder and apple and mix to thoroughly combine.nCut the crusts from the bread and set aside for another purpose.nUsing 2 slices of the bread, make a sandwich, taking care to spread the chicken salad in an even layer all the way to the edges of the bread. With a large serrated knife, cut the sandwich diagonally in both directions to create 4 equal triangles. Repeat with the remaining bread and salad to make 16 tea sandwiches., ingredients: [2 cups diced cooked chicken breast about 12 ounces, 34 cup dried cranberries, 34 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup chopped toasted walnuts, 3 tablespoons chopped scallions, white and green parts about 2 scallions, 1 12 teaspoons curry powder, 12 medium Fuji apple, peeled, cored and diced about 34 cup, 8 slices square, firm wholewheat bread], title: Curried Chicken Salad Tea Sandwiches, picturelink: kcj5F3cSj5QeurzA6vyCeV.tkKROyx6}, 9609: {instructions: Preheat a very large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat until it just begins to smoke.nWhile the pan is heating, slice the onions into 14inchthick rings and toss with 1 tablespoon of the oil, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl. Add the onions to the skillet and cook, undisturbed, until they char slightly, about 2 minutes. Stir occasionally with a wooden spoon until they are further charred and slightly softened but still crunchy, 3 to 4 minutes more. Transfer to a plate.nStir together the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and the fish sauce in the medium bowl that the onions were in. Add the radishes, watercress, cilantro and cooked onions and toss until well coated. Allow the mixture to sit at least 5 minutes, so the juices from the onion combine with the dressing.nWipe out the skillet the onions cooked in and return it to mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the steak with 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and put it into the hot skillet. Cook until well browned on one the bottom, 4 to 5 minutes flip and cook until medium rare, 4 to 5 minutes more. Transfer to a cutting board and allow the steak to rest for a few minutes, then slice thinly against the grain.nDivide the salad mixture among 4 bowls. Top each bowl with slices of steak., ingredients: [2 medium Vidalia onions or other sweet onions about 1 pound, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 4 medium radishes, very thinly sliced use a mandoline if you have one, 1 large bunch watercress, rinsed and dried, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 pound flank steak], title: 25Minute Flank Steak with Charred Vidalia Onion Salad, picturelink: 4QKc7eHijIvsIKtzprNz1N88sy7w0i6}, 9610: {instructions: Make the ganache: Heat the heavy cream, chocolate and salt in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water do not let the bowl touch the water, stirring, until the chocolate is melted and the ganache is smooth. Remove the bowl from the pan and stir in the marmalade. Refrigerate until thick but not set, 1 hour to 1 hour, 30 minutes.nAssemble the cake: Place 1 cake layer on a platter spread with 1 tablespoon marmalade. Beat the chilled ganache with a mixer on mediumlow speed until just fluffy, about 1 minute do not overbeat. Spread 1 heaping cup of the whipped ganache over the marmalade. Top with the second cake layer. Cover the whole cake with the remaining whipped ganache and refrigerate until ready to serve.nMake the caramel: Bring the sugar and corn syrup to a simmer in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cook, swirling the pan but not stirring, until the mixture turns amber, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and carefully whisk in the heavy cream and butter until smooth. Set aside, stirring occasionally, until cool but still pourable, 15 to 20 minutes. Drizzle over the cake and sprinkle with sea salt. Serve the cake within 2 hours slice with a warm knife.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat two 9inchround cake pans with cooking spray and line the bottoms with parchment paper.nWhisk the cocoa powder and 1 12 cups boiling water in a medium bowl until smooth set aside. Whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl until combined. Add the eggs, vegetable oil, sour cream and vanilla and beat with a mixer on medium speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in the cocoa mixture in a steady stream until just combined, then finish mixing with a rubber spatula. The batter will be thin.nDivide the batter between the prepared pans and tap the pans against the counter to help the batter settle. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out clean, 30 to 40 minutes. Transfer to racks and let cool 10 minutes, then run a knife around the edge of the pans and turn the cakes out onto the racks to cool completely. Remove the parchment. Trim the tops of the cakes with a long serrated knife to make them level, if desired., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, Pinch of salt, 14 cup orange marmalade, Basic Chocolate Cake, recipe follows, baked and cooled, 1 tablespoon orange marmalade, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Flaky sea salt, for topping, Cooking spray, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder natural or Dutch process, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 34 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: ChocolateOrange Cake With Salted Caramel, picturelink: S8vaDZqAHWa9i58EIztBSsBVhrh3y9i}, 9611: {instructions: COOK shrimp and rice according to package instructions.nHEAT oil in skillet and saute peppers, onions, and garlic for 57 minutes.nADD cooked shrimp and cumin to skillet and saute an additional 23 minutes, season to taste with salt and pepper.nTOSS cooked rice with chopped cilantro and chile powder.nPLATE a single serving of rice and spoon stir fry mixture over the rice.nSERVE and enjoy, ingredients: [1 9 oz package SeaPaku00ae Jumbo Butterfly Shrimp  Oven Crispy, frozen, 12 cup yellow bell pepper, cut into strips, 12 cup red bell pepper, cut into strips, 12 cup green bell pepper, cut into strip, 1 cup red onion, cut into strips, 1 Tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon chile powder, salt  pepper, 2 Tablespoon olive oil, 2 Tablespoons chopped cilantro, Instant brown rice 4 servings], title: Fajita Butterfly Shrimp with Cilantro Rice, picturelink: null}, 9612: {instructions: Grind parsley, green onions, habanero pepper, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and garlic cloves and stuff the halibut steaks with the mash. Saute the steaks until golden. Add onions and tomato paste and let cook for 20 to 30 minutes. Add water and all the vegetables and let cook until they are done. Remove the fish and vegetables from the broth and set aside. Add the boullion cubes to the broth. Add rice to the broth and cook for 45 minutes. Serve with fish and vegetables., ingredients: [1 cup parsley, 1 cup green onions, 1 habanero pepper, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 garlic cloves, 3 12 pounds halibut steak, Vegetable oil, for sauteing, 2 pounds onions, chopped, 1 quart tomato paste, 1 12 gallons water, 1 12 pounds cabbage, chopped, 1 pound cassava, sliced, 2 pounds carrots, sliced, 1 eggplant, sliced, 3 fish boullion cubes, 3 pounds basmati rice], title: Thieboubjen, the National Dish of Senengal, picturelink: null}, 9613: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8inch bamboo skewers, soaked in waternFor the cabbage: In a large mixing bowl, combine the vinegar, sugar and salt and mix together well. Add the cabbage and stir to coat everything evenly. Allow to marinate for 15 minutes. Fold in the cilantro and set aside until ready to use.nFor the fish marinade: In a large mixing bowl, combine the tequila, cumin, garlic, lime juice and some salt and pepper. Portion the fish into 1inch cubes and add to the marinade. Set aside to marinate for 4 to 5 minutes.nTo cook the fish: Heat a flat top grill to high and coat with a little oil. Skewer 4 to 5 pieces of fish on each skewer. Place the skewers on the grill and cook until the fish is white and cooked through, about 1 minute on each side and about 4 minutes total. Remove the skewers and allow to rest.nWarm the tortillas in batches on the grill for about 2 minutes on each side. Remove the tortillas to a towellined foil pouch and cover loosely to keep warm.nTo build the tacos, drizzle a little Cilantro Lime Crema on a tortilla. Top with some strained red cabbage mixture and then place a skewer of fish on top. Slide out the skewer so the fish stays on the taco, and then finish with more lime crema. Garnish with some crumbled Cotija and hot sauce and serve with a wedge of lime on the side. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nIn a small bowl, combine the sour cream, milk, cilantro, garlic, cumin and lime juice and chill for 1 hour. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 cups shredded red cabbage, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 3 tablespoons tequila, 3 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Four 6 to 8ounce boneless, skinless mahi mahi fillets or other firm white fish, Oil, for cooking, Sixteen 6 to 7inch soft flour tortillas, 1 cup Cilantro Lime Crema, recipe follows, 2 cups crumbled Cotija cheese, Hot sauce, for garnish, if desired, 2 limes, cut into wedges, 8 ounces sour cream, 14 cup milk, 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 limes, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Grilled Tequila Lime Fish Tacos, picturelink: Sx9Rymtv6LP7GhoTbx9HV9aJyBj6jy}, 9614: {instructions: Cut the top 2 to 3 inches from each asparagus stalk reserve the bottoms for another use.nFill a large bowl with ice water. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the asparagus tops and cook until bright green, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain and plunge into the ice water, then drain well and transfer to a blender set aside.nWhisk the egg yolks and sugar in a medium bowl. Heat the milk and cream in a saucepan over medium heat until it just boils. Remove from the heat and gradually add the yolk mixture, whisking constantly. Return the pan to the heat and cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the custard is thick enough to coat the spoon and a thermometer registers 170 degrees F, about 10 minutes do not let the custard boil.nTransfer the custard to the blender with the asparagus and puree until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Cool completely, then strain through a finemesh strainer.nFreeze the asparagus custard in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions. Use two spoons to shape the ice cream into quenelles ovalshaped scoops., ingredients: [2 pounds asparagus, Kosher salt, 6 large egg yolks, 14 to 12 cup sugar, 1 13 cups whole milk, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Asparagus Ice Cream, picturelink: VjpHYZvXCCWHMtcnf3.wXNwaaaQcF5m}, 9615: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the potatoes, reduce the heat and simmer until the potatoes are cooked through and tender. Drain, return to pot and mash with a potato masher.nIn a small pot over low heat, add the butter and milk and heat until hot. Mix the butter and milk mixture to the mashed potatoes and season with salt and pepper, to taste. For very creamy potatoes use a hand mixer to incorporate the milk and butter mixture. Only mix for about 45 seconds to prevent potatoes from getting gummy. Set aside.nEvenly divide the beef stew into 4 11ounce ramekins. Top with the mashed potatoes and bake until the stew is bubbling and potatoes are slightly browned on top, about 30 minutes.nIn a 6quart slow cooker combine the celery, carrots, potatoes, onions, thyme and beef. In a large bowl, stir together all the remaining ingredients and pour over the beef and vegetables in the slow cooker. Cover and cook on high for 5 hours. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve with Beer Biscuits.nBeer Biscuits:nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, mix all ingredients with a whisk until just combined. Using 2 spoons divide dough into 4 even mounds and put on a baking sheet. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes until golden brown.nAllPurpose Baking Mix:nIn a large bowl combine the flour, baking powder and salt. Cut in the shortening with a pastry knife or fork until the mixture is well blended. Use in recipes that call for Bisquick or allpurpose mix., ingredients: [1 pound Yukon gold potatoes peeled and cubed, 12 cup milk, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups leftover beef stew from Beef Stew and Beer Biscuits, recipe follows, 4 celery stalks, chopped, 4 carrots, peeled and sliced into 1inch thick rounds, 4 red potatoes, chopped into large dice, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 1pound chuck roast, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 14.5ounce can less sodium beef broth, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 2 14 cups allpurpose baking mix, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup beer, 6 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 34 cup shortening], title: Round 2 Recipe  Shepherds Pie, picturelink: null}, 9616: {instructions: Mix the dough: Combine the water, yeast, honey and 3 tablespoons of olive oil in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook. When the yeast is dissolved, add 3 cups of flour, then 2 teaspoons salt, and mix on mediumlow speed. While mixing, add up to 1 more cup of flour, or just enough to make a soft dough. Knead the dough for about 10 minutes until smooth, sprinkling it with the flour as necessary to keep it from sticking to the bowl.nKnead by hand: When the dough is ready, turn it out onto a floured board and knead it by hand a dozen times. It should be smooth and elastic.nLet it rise: Place the dough in a welloiled bowl and turn it to cover it lightly with oil. Cover the bowl with a kitchen towel and allow the dough to rise at room temperature for 30 minutes.nMake garlic oil: Place 12 cup of olive oil, the garlic, thyme and red pepper flakes in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over low heat. Cook for 10 minutes, making sure the garlic doesnt burn. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees. Be sure your oven is cleannPortion the dough: Dump the dough onto a board and divide it into 6 equal pieces. Place the doughs on sheet pans lined with parchment paper and cover them with a damp towel. Allow the dough to rest for 10 minutes. Use immediately, or refrigerate for up to 4 hours.nStretch the dough: Press and stretch each ball into an 8inch circle and place 2 circles on each sheet pan lined with parchment paper. If youve chilled the dough, take it out of the refrigerator approximately 30 minutes ahead to let it come to room temperature.nTop the dough: Brush the pizzas with the garlic oil, and sprinkle each one liberally with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the pizzas evenly with fontina, mozzarella and goat cheese. Drizzle each pizza with 1 tablespoon more of the garlic oil and bake for 10 to 15 minutes, until the crusts are crisp and the cheeses begin to brown.nMake the vinaigrette: Meanwhile, whisk together 12 cup of olive oil, the lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper.nAdd the greens: When the pizzas are done, place the arugula in a large bowl and toss with just enough lemon vinaigrette to moisten. Place a large bunch of arugula on each pizza and a slice of lemon and serve immediately.nPhotograph by Quentin Bacon, ingredients: [1 14 cups warm 100 to 110 water, 2 packages dry yeast, 1 tablespoon honey, Good olive oil, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for kneading, Kosher salt, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 cups grated Italian fontina cheese 8 ounces, 1 12 cups grated fresh mozzarella cheese 7 ounces, 11 ounces creamy goat cheese, such as montrachet, crumbled, 12 cup good olive oil, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces baby arugula, 1 lemon, sliced], title: White Pizzas with Arugula, picturelink: R4N2Qiz4arhMuWybkZQzamh0S7MC.Oi}, 9617: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the leeks, reduce the heat to low, and cook until softened but not brown, about 8 minutes.nStir the kale into the leeks and cook until just wilted, about 2 minutes. Season the mixture with the nutmeg and some salt and pepper. Stir in the yogurt until combined.nMake four indentations in the kale and carefully crack an egg into each. Sprinkle a little salt and pepper over each egg. Cover the pan and cook the eggs until the whites are completely set and the eggs are cooked desired doneness, 2 to 3 minutes for medium runny yolk.nDivide the eggs and kale among four serving plates, top each with about 1 12 teaspoons Parmesan and serve with the toasted crusty bread on the side., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped leeks, white and pale green parts only about 12 small, 1 bunch kale, stems removed and cut crosswise into thin ribbons, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup 2percent Greek yogurt, 4 large eggs, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 4 slices crusty bread, toasted], title: Creamy Kale and Eggs, picturelink: xycKF5zojIR7ndfqP0BPFz5zEHuz.j.}, 9618: {instructions: Prick potatoes several times with a fork. Place on a piece of paper toweling and cook at 100 percent for 11 minutes, or until tender, in a 650 to 700watt oven.nRemove potatoes from oven. When cool enough to handle, halve each potato and scoop out flesh with a spoon. Pass through a ricer or place in a bowl and mash with a potato masher. Stir in oil and salt and pepper to taste. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 baking potatoes each about 8 ounces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Olive Oil Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 9619: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat 1 12 teaspoons of the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and capicola, and cook, stirring, until just beginning to crisp on the edges, about 3 minutes transfer to a plate with a slotted spoon. Add the remaining 1 12 teaspoons olive oil, onions and bell peppers and cook, stirring, until crisptender, about 5 minutes.nScoot the vegetables to the side of the pan. Add the tomato paste to the open space and toast, stirring for a minute, and then combine with the vegetables. Add the cherry pepper brine and 12 cup water, bring to a simmer and return the meat to the pan. Simmer just until the sauce coats the meat and vegetables, about 1 minute.nDivide the meat and vegetables among the rolls. Top with the cherry peppers and provolone. Bake on a baking sheet until the cheese is melted and bubbly, about 2 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 ounces thinly sliced deli roast beef, cut into strips, 6 ounces thinly sliced hot capicola ham, cut into strips, 1 sweet onion, sliced 14 inch thick, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced into 12inchwide pieces, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and sliced into 12inchwide pieces, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons brine from a jar of hot pickled cherry peppers, plus 3 peppers seeded and chopped, Four 8inch sub rolls, split and lightly toasted, 4 ounces thinly sliced provolone], title: Spicy Roast Beef and Capicola Sub Sandwich, picturelink: RgZhkcvWbEIaBkNjjgLyC16LcxTiGy}, 9620: {instructions: Put all ingredients in a Dutch oven. Cook uncovered for 4 hours. Turn off heat and check for tenderness, but do not stir., ingredients: [6 to 8 pounds pork loin, cut into 2 to 3inch cubes, 12 cup New Mexico powder chile, 12 cup New Mexico chile flakes, 2 tablespoons oregano, 2 tablespoons garlic salt, 2 tablespoons cumin, 2 tablespoons fresh garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 2 Spanish onions, chopped, 2 cups broth], title: Carne Adovada, picturelink: null}, 9621: {instructions: Fit a large pot with a steamer insert. Add enough water to come about 3 inches below bottom of insert, and bring to a simmer. Add spinach, cover, and steam until bright green, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain, and let cool slightly. Press to remove liquid. Roll spinach in a clean kitchen towel or cheesecloth, and squeeze to remove any remaining liquid. Transfer to a food processor, and puree until smooth. Stir together spinach puree, egg yolks, cheeses and nutmeg.nMound 1cup flour on a cutting board. Using floured hands, gently shape 1 tablespoon spinach mixture into a small log. Drop it into the flour, and quickly roll to coat lightly. Transfer to a baking sheet thats lightly dusted with semolina.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add half the gnudi, and stir gently to prevent them from sticking together. Cook until gnudi rise and remain on the surface, about 5 minutes. Remove to a platter. Repeat with remaining gnudi. Melt butter in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Stir in chopped sage and the sage leaves. Add 1 12 tablespoons gnudi cooking water, reduce heat to low, and cook for 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately with the gnudi., ingredients: [1 pound fresh spinach, 2 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, 34 cup ricotta cheese, preferably fresh, drained for 30 minutes in a fine sieve, 34 cup finely grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Semolina, for dusting, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh sage, plus about 8 leaves], title: Gnudi, picturelink: null}, 9622: {instructions: Set the wheat berries in a sauce pan, cover with the water and soak overnight. The following day boil the berries in the same water for 20 minutes, if you want them parboiled only to cook later on in casseroles or soups or for 1 hour if you want them fully cooked. Drain well and cool thoroughly. Transfer the cooked wheat berries to a glass jar and store them in the refrigerator for 4 days. Store them in the freezer only if you are going to use them in soups, stews or casseroles. The freezer softens their texture and makes them less chewy, ingredients: [2 cups wheat berries, 2 quarts water], title: Precooked Wheat Berries, picturelink: null}, 9623: {instructions: Halve and seed the honeydew melons. Cut 2 14inch slices from each honeydew melon half. Shape the honeydew slices to look like the egg white of a sunnysideup egg. Slice the cantaloupe in half and use a melon scoop or a measuring tablespoon to carve out 4 yolks.nTrim the melon balls to resemble yolks. Assemble eggs and position 2 strips of prosciutto bacon alongside them. Garnish with parsley and serve immediately, or refrigerate. For the best contrast, use solidcolor plates that are neither white nor yellow., ingredients: [2 honeydew melons, 1 cantaloupe melon, 13 pound prosciutto, sliced, 2 sprigs parsley], title: Green Eggs and Ham, picturelink: null}, 9624: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDivide the ingredients except for the peaches and cilantro into 3 batches so they will fit into a food processor. For each batch, halve or quarter 4 cloves garlic, 2 onions, 2 jalapenos and 2 bell peppers and throw into a food processor. Add 1 teaspoon each chili powder, salt and pepper. Squeeze in the juice from 4 limes and pulse. Pour the salsa into a very large container and repeat with the remaining 2 batches.nCut the peaches into small chunks, add to the salsa and mix. Mix in the cilantro. If your salsa is a little thick, loosen it with some of the syrup from the peaches., ingredients: [12 cloves garlic, 6 red onions, 6 jalapenos, 6 red bell peppers, 3 teaspoons chili powder, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, 3 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 12 limes, Three 10 cans 106 ounces each peaches in syrup, drained retain the syrup in case needed, 12 cups fresh cilantro, chopped], title: Peach Salsa, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 9625: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400F. Unroll dough and press into a greased 9 by 13 inch baking dish, covering bottom of pan and 2 inches up sides of dish. Crumble and cook sausage and mushrooms in medium skillet until browned. Drain sausage on paper towels. Spread sausage, mushrooms and tomatoes over crust. Top with shredded cheese. In small bowl, whisk eggs until well combined. Pour over pizza. Bake 13 to 15 minutes or until eggs are set and crust is brown., ingredients: [1 pound Bob Evans Original Recipe Sausage Roll, 1 package refrigerated pizza crust dough 13.8 oz, 8 ounces presliced mushrooms, 1 cup diced tomato, 2 cups shredded pizza blend cheese, 4 large eggs], title: Breakfast Pizza, picturelink: pSUR7EyVCdP1r5O1vg9OITNNdRMDT9G}, 9626: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a Dutch oven over mediumlow heat until crisp, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Add the onions to the drippings in the pot cook, stirring, until golden, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a bowl.nMeanwhile, finely chop the carrot, celery, garlic and jalapeno in a food processor. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPat the pork dry. Season with salt and pepper. Warm the olive oil in the Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, brown the pork on all sides, 8 to 10 minutes per batch. Transfer the meat to a plate.nAdd the carrot mixture to the Dutch oven and cook, stirring, about 3 minutes. Stir in the onions and tomato paste cook 3 minutes. Sprinkle in the flour and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add the wine and bring to a boil, then simmer until reduced by half, about 8 minutes.nReturn the bacon and pork to the pot. Squeeze in the orange juice, then add the spent peel. Add the oregano, bay leaves and enough stock to reach the top of the pork. Cover, transfer to the oven and cook about 3 hours.nTransfer the pork to a bowl using tongs, then shred. Season with salt and pepper. Strain the sauce and return to the pot add the solids to the bowl with the meat discard the bay leaves and orange peel. Boil the sauce over high heat until thickened, about 2 minutes. Add the sour cream and season with salt and pepper. Fill the tortillas with the pork drizzle with the sauce and top with the cheese and slaw.nFennel Slaw:nMix 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 minced jalapeno, 12 teaspoon each dried oregano and cumin, and some fennel fronds in a large bowl. Toss with 2 thinly sliced fennel bulbs, 2 cups thinly sliced cabbage, 4 sliced scallions, 4 strips crumbled bacon, and salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [12 pound bacon, thinly sliced crosswise, 2 large onions, halved and thinly sliced, 1 carrot, quartered, 1 stalk celery, quartered, 3 cloves garlic, 1 jalapeno pepper, stemmed and seeded, 2 pounds boneless pork shoulder, cut into 6 pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups dry red wine, 12 orange, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 bay leaves, 1 to 2 cups beef stock or broth, 12 cup sour cream, 12 to 16 corn tortillas, warmed, 34 cup grated parmesan cheese, Fennel slaw, for serving below], title: WineBraised Pork Tacos, picturelink: onJFt78gH9XO7HReiqAzHaBYG4srrW}, 9627: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill.nPlace the tomatillos, poblanos and serrano chiles on a baking sheet, then drizzle with 3 tablespoons of the oil and sprinkle some salt and pepper over the top. Place the tomatillos, poblanos and serranos directly over open flames on the grill and cook until the skins are charred and black all over, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer the poblanos and serranos to a large bowl, then cover the bowl with plastic wrap and steam for 2 to 3 minutes. In the meantime, place the tomatillos in a food processor and set aside. Scrape away the charred skins from the poblanos and serranos. Remove the stems and seeds, and roughly chop. Add to the food processor and puree until smooth, about 2 minutes. Set the verde sauce aside for later use.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nTrim the pork ribs of any excess fat and cube the chicken thighs into large bitesize, about 1 12inch cubes. Sprinkle the pork and chicken with 2 tablespoons salt, the cumin and 1 teaspoon pepper. Place a paella pan or large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and the chorizo and cook to crisp up and render the fat. Remove the chorizo to a baking sheet and add the pork ribs and chicken thighs to the paella pan. Cook until the pork and chicken turn golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Turn the meat over and cook until browned, 5 to 7 minutes, then transfer to the baking sheet with the chorizo. Add the onions and red bell peppers to the pan and saute until the onions are translucent, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the rice and garlic, and mix well until the rice is coated with oil. Cook until the rice smells nutty, 5 to 6 minutes. Add half of the broth and half of the verde sauce, and stir well to combine. Spread the rice evenly around the pan and return the chicken, pork and chorizo to the pan. Cook until the broth is absorbed, about 10 minutes, then add the remaining 3 cups broth. Once bubbling, cover with foil and transfer to the oven cook until the rice is al dente, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the foil, dollop the remaining verde sauce over the top and sprinkle with the lime zest and chopped cilantro to serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds tomatillos, husks removed and washed, 6 poblano peppers, 2 serrano chiles, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds St. Louis pork ribs, cut into individual ribs, 1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, trimmed, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 8 ounces Spanish chorizo, cut into 12inch dice, 1 sweet onion, cut into 14inch dice 2 cups, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, 3 cups bomba rice or other short grain rice, 4 cloves minced garlic, 6 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 limes, zested, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped], title: Pork and Chicken Paella Verde, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 9628: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nScore fat and put ham, fat side up, in a roasting pan. Rub with extravirgin olive oil and season with plenty of salt and pepper all over. Cover loosely with foil and roast for 2 hours. Remove foil and roast for final hour uncovered.nIn a large saucepan add all the sauce ingredients and simmer for 25 minutes until apples are almost falling apart and the sauce is fragrant. Remove cinnamon stick, bay leaf, and ginger then puree in a blender until completely smooth. Serve with baked fresh ham., ingredients: [5 to 6pound fresh ham, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 apples, split in 12, 2 cups cranberries, if not fresh, frozen is fine, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon pickling spice, 1 tablespoon black mustard seeds, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 1inch piece ginger, 1 12 cups apple juice, 12 cup apple cider vinegar], title: Baked Fresh Ham with AppleCranberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9629: {instructions: Separate the tenderloins from the breasts. Between sheets of plastic wrap pound the thicker side of the breast to make it more even in thickness. Season the chicken with salt. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over moderate heat. Add the chicken breasts and tenderloins. Saute for about 4 to 5 minutes. Youll know to turn the chicken over when the top looks opaque tenderloins may take only 2 to 3 minutes per side. Saute on other side 4 to 5 minutes or until the interior is cooked through. Mix lemon zest and lemon juice into chicken broth.nRemove the chicken to a plate. Give the lemonbroth cornstarch mixture a stir and add it to skillet. Deglaze the pan and simmer for a two minutes or until the sauce looks thick and glossy. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Remove the skillet from the heat and whisk in the butter if you wish. Pour the sauce pour over the chicken and sprinkle the scallions on top., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup chicken broth mixed with 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, 1 small scallion, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Lemon Chicken, picturelink: null}, 9630: {instructions: For the cheese powder: Preheat the oven to 175 degrees F. Mix the cheeses and spread in as close to a single layer as possible on a cookie sheet. Bake for 8 hours. The cheese will appear dry and a little greasy. Remove the cookie sheet and blot dry with paper towels. Remove the cheese and place on another clean cookie sheet. Blot again if necessary. Bake until very dry, 2 more hours. Remove the cookie sheet and blot a final time. Allow to cool in a dry place.nPut the cheese crisps in a blender or spice grinder and pulverize. BEHOLD FINGER LICKIN GOOD CHEESE POWDER Reserve.nFor the chips: Heat 2 inches of vegetable oil to 375 degrees F in a deep skillet. Fry the tortillas, in batches, until golden and crisp, about 3 minutes per batch. Place on a wire rack to drain. While still hot, season with the cheese powder., ingredients: [14 cup grated pepper jack cheese, 14 cup grated Cheddar, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Vegetable oil, for frying, 20 corn tortillas, quartered, Kosher salt], title: Fauxritos, picturelink: ZA51FLykmoxfMbDMm2rc.XRYUPk9WDK}, 9631: {instructions: Combine the grapefruit segments, jicama, red onion, cilantro, lime juice and 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium bowl season with salt and pepper and toss. Set aside.nBrush a grill pan with olive oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, grill the tortillas until toasted, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Wrap in foil to keep warm set aside.nMeanwhile, combine the grapefruit juice, agave, chipotle and adobo sauce and cumin in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, 5 minutes.nToss the shrimp with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Brush the grill pan with more olive oil. Grill the shrimp over mediumhigh heat, brushing with some of the grapefruit sauce, until lightly charred, about 1 minute per side. Continue to cook, flipping and brushing with the remaining sauce, until charred and cooked through, about 2 more minutes. Season with salt. Divide among the tortillas. Serve with the grapefruit salad and lime wedges.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [3red grapefruits 2 segmented, 1 juiced, 12 small jicama, peeled and cut into matchsticks, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup fresh cilantro, Juice of 1 lime, plus wedges for serving, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the grill pan, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 corn tortillas, 2 tablespoons agave syrup or 1 tablespoon honey, 1 chipotle chile pepper in adobo sauce, chopped, plus 2 teaspoons sauce from the can, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined], title: Shrimp Tacos with Grapefruit Salad, picturelink: kyWYO8WbGUzeoDgjvZT1Cbzqb94KKc2}, 9632: {instructions: Whisk together the creme fraiche, parsley, chives, and tarragon in a bowl season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nDivide the dough in half. Roll each piece into a very thin 10inch rectangle. Brush with oil, place on baking sheets, and bake until lightly golden brown, about 10 minutes.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the oil and 1 tablespoon of the butter in a small saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and sugar and cook slowly, stirring occasionally, until caramelized, 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until golden brown and crisp, about 10 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels. Divide the creme fraiche between the pizzas, spreading it out.nDivide the cheddar on top and then add the onion and bacon. Bake until the cheese has melted, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the remaining 3 tablespoons butter in a medium nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Add the chile and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Whisk the eggs in a bowl until smooth season with salt and pepper. Pour the eggs into the pan and stir constantly with a rubber spatula until soft curds form. Add the goat cheese. Divide the eggs between the two pizzas and garnish with more herbs., ingredients: [12 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, plus more for serving, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, plus more for serving, 1 tablespoon fresh tarragon leaves, plus more for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound storebought pizza dough, 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for brushing, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 large Vidalia onion, halved and thinly sliced, Pinch of sugar, 12 pound doublesmoked bacon, cut crosswise into lardons short, thick matchsticks, 2 cups grated sharp white cheddar, 1 Fresno chile, finely diced, 6 large eggs, 2 ounces soft goat cheese, cut into small pieces and frozen for 5 minutes], title: Tarte Flambe with Softly Scrambled Eggs and Goat Cheese, picturelink: gXCQvPUhb6v0gvxe9VyoecGVBOL3tKe}, 9633: {instructions: Boil pierogies as directed on box. Drain. Preheat oven to 400u00b0F. Grease a 10 or 12inch pizza pan. Arrange 2 pierogies in center of pan, straight sides slightly overlapping. Arrange remaining pierogies around center pierogies, in a concentric circle, slightly overlapping, pressing pierogies together to form a complete circle.nSpread pizza sauce on top of pierogies to cover. Sprinkle with cheese and your favorite pizza toppings. Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until cheese is melted and pierogies are heated through. Cut into wedges to serve., ingredients: [1 16 ounce box Five Cheese Pizza or your favorite variety of Mrs. Tsu00ae Pierogies, 12 cup prepared pizza sauce, 14 cup sliced pepperoni, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, Your favorite pizza toppings: sliced peppers, onions, mushrooms, etc.], title: 5Cheese Pierogy Pizza, picturelink: hUNxUnwURk18i0kv.Z8hEfC2ch2.7qm}, 9634: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat with a thin layer of extravirgin olive oil. Add the onions, and garlic to the hot oil and sweat them until very soft and very light caramel in color, 20 to 30 minutes. Turn off the heat and reserve.nHeat a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add a thin layer of oil to the pan. Pat the meat dry and season very liberally with salt and pepper. Brown the meat to a deep brown all over, 12 to 15 minutes.nPeel the potatoes and very thinly slice them lengthwise into planks. Slice the tomatoes working over a bowl to catch their juices.nArrange 12 the onions over top of the meat, season with salt, pepper and 1 tablespoon thyme. Arrange 12 the potatoes over the onions and dress the potatoes with a liberal drizzle of extravirgin olive oil, about 1 tablespoon, salt, pepper, rosemary, and a handful freshly grated cheese. Top the potatoes with 12 the tomatoes and their juices, and season with salt and pepper. Scatter a few leaves of torn basil. Repeat the layers. Do not add basil to the top layer of tomatoes.nCover the pan and roast the meat in the oven until very tender, 4 hours. Cool and store for makeahead meal.nTo reheat: Reheat, covered, in a preheated 325 degree F oven until warmed through, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Take off the lid of the pot, drizzle the top of the meat with oil, sprinkle with cheese, and broil to lightly crust the top. Cut down through the layers of the potatoes, tomatoes, and onions to portion the meat, serve in shallow bowls with crusty bread and pan juices., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for sauteing and drizzling, 4 onions, very thinly sliced, 6 cloves garlic, very thinly sliced, 3 pounds chuck, bottom round or top sirloin steak, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 to 5 starchy potatoes, 1 32ounce can Italian tomatoes, sliced or roughly crushed, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves picked and finely chopped, ParmigianoReggiano, for grating, A few fresh basil leaves, torn, 1 loaf ciabatta, for serving], title: Grandpas Braised Beef, picturelink: c0aonqU69cyVnQQAIYjCxTR9BaePBP2}, 9635: {instructions: In a large pot over mediumhigh heat, add the water to pot, and all the remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and cook for about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Drain and transfer to a serving bowl to serve., ingredients: [6 cups water, 2 12 pounds collard greens, cleaned, 2 pieces smoked neck bones, 12 cup beef base, 14 cup seasoning salt, 14 cup black pepper, 14 cup garlic chopped, 12 cup chopped onions, 12 cup chopped bell peppers, 2 pieces fresh basil leaves, 14 cup sugar], title: Collard Greens, picturelink: null}, 9636: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine the butter, graham crumbs, and brown sugar in a large bowl. Press the mixture into a 9inch pie dish, forming a shell, and bake until firm, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the pie dish from the oven and allow it to cool slightly.nIn a large bowl combine the eggs, corn syrup, maple syrup, sugar, flour, and vanilla. Mix until well incorporated. Add the pecans and mix until all the ingredients are evenly distributed. Pour the mixture into the graham cracker crust. Bake until the filling sets, about 40 to 45 minutes. Remove the pie from the oven and cool completely before cutting. Slice into portions and serve with a scoop of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [6 tablespoons melted butter, 1 12 cups graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 eggs, beaten, 12 cup corn syrup, 12 cup maple syrup, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups pecan pieces, Vanilla ice cream], title: Maple Pecan Pie a la Mode, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 9637: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Heat the olive oil in a large, deep Dutch oven with a tightfitting lid over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Season the lamb shanks with salt and pepper and cook, in batches if necessary, turning with tongs, until well browned, about 10 minutes each batch. Remove the lamb shanks with tongs to a plate and set aside.nStir the onions, carrots, rosemary, bay leaves, and garlic into the dutch oven and cook, stirring, until the onions are very soft, about 5 minutes. Add 2 12 cups of the wine and deglaze the pan. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer for 5 minutes. Taste for seasoning.nReturn the lamb shanks to the pot and braise the mixture, tightly covered, in the oven for 1 hour. Uncover and braise for 2 more hours, turning the shanks every 30 minutes. Stir in the turnips and the remaining 12 cup of the wine, and continue to braise, in the oven for 30 minutes. Discard the bay leaves. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nWhile the lamb shanks are braising, make the gremolata: chop together the rosemary, orange zest, and garlic. Place each lamb shank on a serving plate, top with the vegetables, sprinkle with gremolata and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 small meaty lamb shanks about 4 12 pounds, trimmed of fat, 1 large onion, peeled and chopped, 4 carrots, peeled and finely diced, 3 small sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 imported bay leaves, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 3 cups bigbodied young red wine, 2 medium turnips about 1 pound, peeled and cut into 12 inch dice, 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary, 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh orange zest, 1 small garlic clove, minced], title: Braised Lamb Shanks, picturelink: null}, 9638: {instructions: Heat oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add pepper and onion. Cook and stir until vegetables are crisptender. Stir in small sweet potato cubes, broth and homespice blend or jerk seasoning. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat simmer until potato is tender, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook pierogies according to package instructions I prefer to lay the frozen pierogies in an inch of boiling water in a large skillet, overlapping them slightly dont bother sauteeing them in butter afterwards.nDrain the pierogies and divide among warm dinner plates keep warm. Add black beans to the vegetable mixture and heat through. With a potato masher or fork, mash a small portion of the vegetable mixture against the saucepan to slightly thicken sauce. Spoon over the pierogies.nNote: Use vegetable broth in place of chicken broth for a vegetarian entree. If you cant find jerk seasoning at the supermarket, blend garlic salt, ground allspice and red pepper in desired proportions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large sweet green bell pepper, chopped 114 cups, 1 medium onion, chopped 34 cup, 1 medium sweet potato, peeled, cut in small cubes 112 cups, 1 14.5ounce can readytoserve chicken broth see Note, 1 teaspoon Caribbean jerk seasoning see note, 1 16.9ounce box frozen potato  onion pierogies, 1 15ounce can black beans, rinsed, drained], title: Caribbean Stew Over Pierogies, picturelink: null}, 9639: {instructions: Cut sausage into 14inchthick slices and chop onion, bell pepper, and celery. In a dry 2 to 2 12quart heavy saucepan brown sausage over moderately high heat, stirring frequently, and with a slotted spoon transfer to paper towels to drain. Pour off any fat from pan and in pan cook vegetables in oil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until onion is softened. Stir in rice, broth, and cayenne and bring to a boil. Cover pan and cook rice over low heat 15 minutes.nRemove pan from heat and let rice stand, covered, 5 minutes. Thinly slice scallions. Fluff rice with a fork and stir in sausage, scallions, and salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 pound smoked pork sausage such as kielbasa, 1 large onion, 2 small red bell peppers, 2 celery ribs, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 13 cups longgrain white rice, 2 23 cups chicken broth, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 4 scallions, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Sausage Jambalaya, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 9640: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut each piece of bacon in half and put them on a baking sheet. Bake until just half cooked, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove and set aside until cool enough to handle.nHold 1 strip the roasted jalapeno in the belly of each prawn and wrap it with half a piece of bacon. Secure with a toothpick and season with pepper, to taste. Arrange the prawns on parchment lined baking sheet and bake until the prawns are just cooked, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile make the cheese sauce by adding the cheese and cream to a glass bowl. Put the bowl over a pot of simmering water, being sure that the bottom of the bowl is not touching the water. Slowly stir until the cheese is melted into the cream and is fully blended.nTransfer the prawns to a serving platter and serve the cheese sauce alongside. Enjoy, ingredients: [8 thin slices bacon, 8 roasted jalapenos, split in 12 and seeded, 16 large prawns, peeled and deveined, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups shredded Monterey jack cheese Chihuahua cheese is great here too, 34 cup cream], title: Bacon Prawns with Cheese Dip, picturelink: P3bC9x7NMWZH.CDN0ILVH9lb69xnmLa}, 9641: {instructions: Preheat a fryer to 360 degrees F. Begin by mixing the cumin and pepper in a small bowl. Dip and coat each tuna steak in the cumin mixture. In a hot skillet coated with oil, sear each tuna steak for approximately 2 minutes on each side. Remove from the pan and set aside. The tuna should still be pink.nIn a hot wok or skillet, saute the diced pineapple and red bell pepper for 2 minutes. Remove from wok and set aside.nPrepare the tempura batter right before you are ready to fry. The avocados should be peeled and sliced into 12inch thick slices. To make the batter, mix the flour, egg, and cold water together until all of the ingredients have combined. Dip each avocado piece into the batter and fry until golden, approximately 1 minute. Remove the fried avocado pieces and season.nTo make the wasabi sauce, combine the wasabi paste and heavy cream in a small saucepot. Bring the sauce to a boil and let reduce. Once the sauce has reduced you are ready to serve.nTo serve this dish, place the avocado tempura in the center of each plate. Top with tuna and surround with the seaweed. Add a spoonful of the pineapple and peppers, and drizzle some of the wasabi sauce around the plate., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cumin, 1 tablespoon pepper, 4 4 ounce pieces sushi grade tuna, Vegetable oil, 1 pineapple, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 4 avocado, peeled and sliced, 1 cup flour, sifted, 1 egg, 1 cup cold water, 1ounce wasabi, 6 ounces heavy cream, Salt and pepper, Seaweed], title: Seared Tuna with Tempura Avocado and Wasabi Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9642: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the brine: Combine the stock, brine, salt, seeds, bay leaf, oranges, garlic and thyme in a large pot and bring up to a high simmer for 15 minutes. Strain and cool the liquid to 40 degrees F and reserve until time to brine the chicken.nAdd the chicken to the brine, place in the fridge and brine for 12 hours.nFor the dredge: Combine the flour, cornmeal, cornstarch and Chicken Spice evenly in a large mixing bowl.nDredge the chicken in the seasoned flour mixture and allow a minimum of 30 minutes for the flour to adhere. Redredge just before frying.nHeat 3 inches canola oil in a deep pot or a deepfryer over high heat to 350 degrees F. A rule of thumb: If you drop a pinch of flour into the oil and it fries up immediately, youre good to go. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F and get ready a baking sheet with a rack.nTake the chicken out of the dredge, shake off excess flour and fry in batches until golden brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Transfer to the rack and sprinkle some of the chicken spice over the fried chicken pieces. Hold in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes.nServe the fried chicken on a platter with Hot Sauce, Buttermilk Biscuits and Bread and Butter Pickles on the side.nJuice half of the red bell peppers. Pass through a fine mesh strainer and reserve.nIn a large pot, sweat out the remaining red bell peppers, the jalapenos, fish peppers, garlic and thyme. Add the vinegar, sugar, xanthan gum, white pepper, lime zest and juice. Simmer for 15 minutes. Puree with the juice from the bell peppers and pass through a fine mesh strainer. Season with salt.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the cold butter into the flour and combine with the sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Combine the buttermilk, chives and yolks separately. Pour the wet ingredients over the dry, fold in gently and chill.nRoll out the dough to a 12inchthick sheet. Fold into thirds, turn a quarter of the way around and fold into thirds again. Rest for 10 minutes. Roll out to 12 inch thickness again and cut into 1 12inch squares.nBrush with egg wash and bake for 8 minutes.nToss the cucumbers, onions, garlic and jalapenos with the salt and macerate overnight in the fridge.nCombine the vinegars, sugar, coriander seeds, mustard seeds, allspice, celery seeds, red pepper flakes, turmeric, cloves and bay leaf in a large pot and bring to a boil. Simmer on low heat for 15 minutes. Strain over the cucumbers. Cover and allow to cool to room temperature., ingredients: [9 cups brown chicken stock, 1 cup pickle brine can be storebought pickles and use that brine, 2 12 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 12 teaspoon yellow mustard seeds, 1 bay leaf, 1 orange, quartered, 12 head garlic, split, 12 bunch fresh thyme, 2 whole chickens, cut into 10 even pieces, 1 quart allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornmeal, 12 cup cornstarch, 2 tablespoons chicken spice, recipe follows, Canola oil, for frying, Hot Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, Buttermilk Biscuits, for serving, recipe follows, Bread and Butter Pickles, for serving, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 4 teaspoons paprika, 4 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons ground celery seeds, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Grind the seafood seasoning, paprika, salt, celery seeds, chili powder, garlic powder, onion powder and pepper. Mix together., 4 pounds red bell peppers, seeded and chopped, 1 pound jalapeno peppers, seeded and chopped, 5 fish peppers, stemmed and seeded, 4 cloves garlic, 4 ounces fresh thyme, leaves picked and finely chopped, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 grams xanthan gum, 2 teaspoons ground white pepper, 4 limes, zested and juiced, Salt, 10 ounces cold butter, diced, 3 pounds allpurpose flour, 1 12 ounces sugar, 3 tablespoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 4 tablespoons salt, 34 fluid ounces buttermilk, cold, 1 cup fresh chopped chives, 6 egg yolks, Egg wash, for brushing, 1 bay leaf, 12 tablespoon celery seeds, Bread and Butter Pickles:, 12 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 2 12 pounds Kirby cucumbers, cut crosswise into 14inch rounds about 4 cups, 12 quart thinly sliced Spanish onions, 12 tablespoon turmeric, 2 12 cloves garlic, 2 whole cloves, 1 jalapeno, stems removed and split in half, 12 cup salt, 12 quart apple cider vinegar, 12 quart white distilled vinegar, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 12 tablespoons coriander seeds, 1 12 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds, 12 tablespoon allspice], title: Fried Chicken, picturelink: f4V5pT9Ii4hodiqoxZoTvVZYRTCTd7C}, 9643: {instructions: 1. Line a 9by9inch square baking pan with nonstick aluminum foil, leaving a 1inch overhang on each end to lift the finished treats out of the pan. You may need to use 2 sheets to cover the entire pan.n2. Put the marshmallows and butter in a large pot and set over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until the mixture is melted and smooth. Remove from the heat and stir in the almond extract. Add the cereal and continue to stir until well coated. Stir in most of the chocolate chips reserve 1 tablespoon for sprinkling over the top and the chopped cherries. Spoon into the foillined pan and press firmly with your hands until the treats are even. Sprinkle on the remaining 1 tablespoon chocolate chips and press them into the top with your hands. Cool at room temperature for 10 minutes.n3. Using the foil overhang, lift the treats out of the pan and cut with a butter knife into 9 or 12 bars., ingredients: [One 10ounce bag large marshmallows, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon pure almond extract, 6 cups crispy rice cereal, such as Kelloggs Rice Krispies, 12 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips, 13 cup dried cherries, chopped], title: Chocolate Cherry Almond Marshmallow Treats, picturelink: null}, 9644: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Special equipment: slow cookernIn a slow cooker, combine the green beans, ham hocks, stock and bell peppers. Cook on high, 3 to 4 hours.nOnce the beans are super tender and the ham hocks are falling apart, you are ready to go. Pull the ham hocks out and set aside to cool. Once you can handle them, shred every ounce of meat you can find, and then toss the meat with the beans and peppers. Season and serve, ingredients: [2 pounds fresh green beans, stems removed and halved, 1 pound smoked ham hocks about 2 whole, or 1 smoked turkey leg, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 red bell peppers, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Stewed Green Beans, picturelink: AWj7izP1KZxJDlQfZt1LAf1MNBe.6zS}, 9645: {instructions: Combine cake mix, 12 cup melted butter, water and eggs in large bowl beat at medium speed until smooth. Let batter rest for 30 minutes.nHeat oven to 400 degrees F. Drop batter by slightly rounded teaspoonfuls, 2 inches apart, onto parchmentlined or lightly greased cookie sheets. Sprinkle each cookie with sea salt. Bake for 5 to 7 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Transfer to wire cooling rack.nPlace 1 cup butter in medium bowl. Beat at medium speed until creamy. Reduce speed to low gradually add powdered sugar. Beat until well mixed. Add caramel sauce, 1 teaspoon sea salt and vanilla. Beat until well mixed.nPipe or spread rounded teaspoonful filling onto bottom of 1 cookie place second cookie, bottomside down over filling. Repeat with remaining cookies and filling., ingredients: [13 cup prepared caramel sauce, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 cup LAND O LAKESu00ae Butter, melted, 12 cup water, 3 LAND O LAKESu00ae AllNatural Eggs, 1 to 2 teaspoons sea salt, em, Filling:, em, 1 cup LAND O LAKESu00ae Butter, softened, 3 12 cups powdered sugar, Whoopie Pie:, 1 18.25ounce Devils food cake mix with pudding], title: Mini Chocolate Whoopie Pies With Salted Caramel Filling, picturelink: null}, 9646: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray miniature muffin tin with oil spray. Split each biscuit in half and place in muffin tin, pressing into the bottom.nMix next 5 ingredients together in medium bowl and place 1 tablespoon of shrimp mixture in biscuit dough. Bake for 15 minutes or until golden and bubbling., ingredients: [Oil spray, 1 large can refrigerator biscuits, 2 cups Monterey jack cheese, shredded, 2 green onions, chopped, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 pound small shrimp, cooked, 1 teaspoon fresh dill, chopped], title: Shrimp Puffs, picturelink: null}, 9647: {instructions: Place 12 of bread in greased 13 x 9 x 2inch baking dish. Sprinkle with 14 cup each walnuts, apples, blueberries. Top with remaining slices of bread.nIn medium bowl, beat eggs, halfandhalf and 14 cup of maple syrup with whisk until blended. Pour over bread. Cover and refrigerate at least 6 hours or overnight.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F. Bake uncovered 30 to 35 minutes or until deep golden brown. Cut between bread slices.nTop servings with remaining walnuts, apples and blueberries. Serve with remaining 1 cup maple syrup., ingredients: [12 cup Fisheru00ae Chefs Naturals Walnut Chips, 12 cup apple, chopped, 12 cup blueberries, rinsed and drained, 1 large French baguette, sliced, 4 eggs, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 1 14 cups maple syrup, divided], title: Walnut and Blueberry French Toast Bake, picturelink: null}, 9648: {instructions: In a stainless steel pot, add the butter and turn on the flame to medium. Let the butter melt and then add the onions and let them slowly cook until translucent. Make a simple court bouillon chop the carrots, celery, 1 whole lemon, cut in half and add to a medium saucepan. Add 2 to 3 cups of water and bring to a boil. Add salt. Once the liquid is boiling, add the sweetbreads and cook for about 10 minutes.nOnce the sweetbreads have been blanching for 10 minutes, take them out and drop them in an ice bath. Let them cool down for about 3 to 5 minutes, take them out and peel off the outer membrane and discard. Cut the sweetbreads in 1 to 2ounce pieces and reserve. In a highspeed blender, add the onions and the cream, smoked paprika and about 4 ounces of the sweetbreads. Puree until a smooth consistency is reached, season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nHeat in a medium size pot with the vegetable oil bring it up to 350 degrees F. Coat the remaining sweetbreads with allpurpose flour and fry them until golden brown and crispy. Season with salt and pepper and drain on paper towels.nIn the meantime, cut the avocado in half and peel off the skin. Using a mandolin, slice the avocado lengthwise and place in between two pieces of plastic wrap.nTurn on a medium size skillet to high. Season the Kobe strips with salt and pepper. Add a small amount of oil to the skillet. Once the oil is smoking, add the strips and sear each side, should be done fast, the meat should be served rare. Cut the jalapeno in half, take the seeds out and finely dice. Burn the jalapeno with a torch until it is caramelized and mix with olive oil. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nReserve the meat and let it cool down to room temperature. Toss the meat with a good amount of lemon and lime zest, add this to the center of the avocado and begin to roll it like a cigar. Repeat with remaining avocado.nCut the avocado roll into 4 pieces. Place some of the jalapeno mixture on the bottom of each plate. Add the cut avocado roll on top. Next, to the roll add a small amount of the paprika soubise sauce. Place a small piece of the crispy sweetbread on top of the sauce. Cut remaining lemons into wedges and place next to the sweetbread. Garnish with the watercress and a drizzle of olive oil.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [14 cup butter, 2 diced yellow onions, 2 carrots, 1 bunch celery, 4 lemons, divided, Salt, 3 pounds sweetbread, 14 cup cream, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 Hass avocados, 3 pounds cleaned and cut Kobe beef into 3inch long strips, Salt and pepper, Vegetable oil, 3 jalapenos, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 lemons, zested, 4 limes, zested, Watercress, for garnish], title: Kobe, Avocado and Sweetbreads, picturelink: null}, 9649: {instructions: In a large, shallow ceramic or glass baking dish, combine the olive oil, lemon juice, chopped fennel leaves, salt, and pepper. Pat the fish dry with paper towels and add to the marinade, turning to coat evenly. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees.nSpread 3 or 4 vine leaves on a work surface, overlapping them to form a large, sturdy wrapper. Place a few slices of fennel in the center. Cover with a fish fillet and scatter a few more slices of fennel on top. Top with a half lemon slice and drizzle with olive oil. Wrap the fish in the vine leaves and lay it, seamside down, in a large baking dish. Repeat with the remaining fillets, placing them in a single layer in the dish.nBake 20 to 30 minutes, until the fish is opaque throughout open one package to check for doneness. Immediately transfer to serving plates and have guests unwrap the fish at the table., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 fennel bulb, halved lengthwise and very thinly sliced crosswise, leaves reserved and, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 6 ounce white fish fillets, such as red snapper, bass, halibut, perch, mullet or pike, About 36 large vine grape leaves packed in brine, well rinsed, 3 14inch thick slices lemon, halved, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Fish Baked in Vine Leaves, picturelink: null}, 9650: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the corn on a baking sheet and roast, rotating the cobs every 10 minutes or so, until the corn is golden, about 30 minutes. While the corn is roasting, trim the asparagus and cut each stalk into 12inch lengths. Place the asparagus in a medium baking dish, coat lightly with the oil and roast the asparagus until it browns slightly, about 10 minutes. Remove the corn from the cobs. Combine the roasted corn and asparagus in a large bowl. Add the red pepper, jalapeno, and onion. Pick through the crab meat, discarding any cartilage. Add the crab to the vegetables. Add the chipotle sauce, mix well, and then season, to taste, with salt, pepper and hot sauce.nIncrease the oven temperature to 400 degrees F.nLay the tortillas out on a clean flat service surface. Spoon crab and vegetable mixture onto half of each tortilla, dividing the mixture evenly. Sprinkle a quarter of the cheese over each tortilla then fold the tortillas forming half moonshaped quesadillas.nArrange the quesadillas in a single layer in a lightly oiled baking dish. Bake the quesadillas until the cheese is melted, approximately 15 minutes. Transfer each to a warm plate and serve topped with sour cream shredded lettuce and accompanied by rice or black beans.nPut the dried chipotles in a small pan and add water to cover. Bring the water to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer the chipotles until they are soft, about 10 minutes. Transfer the chipotles and the cooking liquid to a blender or food processor. Puree then add the mayonnaise. Mix well then season, to taste, with lime juice. Store in the refrigerator until ready to use., ingredients: [12 pound fresh or thawed frozen corn on the cob, husked, 34 pound medium asparagus, 1 tablespoon olive or vegetable oil, plus extra for pan, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and minced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 1 red onion, minced, 12 pound fresh crabmeat recommended: Maine crab, 12 cup Chipotle Sauce, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Hot sauce, optional, 4 10inch flour tortillas, 1 pound shredded Cheddar or Monterey Jack, 4 to 6 tablespoons sour cream, for garnish, Approximately 1 12 cups shredded romaine or iceberg lettuce, for garnish, For serving: white rice or black beans, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 dried chipotle peppers, stemmed, 14 to 12 tablespoon fresh lime juice], title: Roast Corn, Asparagus and Maine Crab Quesadilla, picturelink: null}, 9651: {instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill to mediumhigh heat. Alternatively preheat the broiler to low, and line a baking sheet with parchment paper or aluminum foil.nBrush the corn with melted butter or olive oil. Grill the corn until hot and lightly charred all over, 7 to 10 minutes, depending on the temperature of the grill. Alternatively, broil the corn ears 6inches from the heat source until charred spots appear, about 10 minutes. Flip the corn and broil for an additional 10 minutes.nWhile the corn is charred, mix the cilantro, garlic, chile powder, salt, mayonnaise, and lime juice.nSpread the mayonnaise mixture evenly over the corn, and sprinkle with Romano cheese. If desired, return the corn to the grill or broiler for just a few minutes. Serve warm with lime wedges., ingredients: [8 ears corn, shucked, 14 cup melted butter or olive oil, 1 tablespoon cilantro, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons chile powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 23 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 34 cup grated Romano cheese, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Grilled Picnic Corn, picturelink: 0i2R4bxhsAq.MyCVhK2UemyM88Rn5Hi}, 9652: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the baguette slices and toast on both sides until golden and crisp, about 8 minutes. Allow to cool, then spread with a little fig spreadpreserves. Top with blue cheese chunks. Sprinkle on some basil., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 12 baguette, sliced into 16 slices, 2 tablespoons fig spread or preserves or you can use plum, apricot, etc., 4 ounces blue cheese, cut into chunks, Torn fresh basil, for garnish], title: Fig and Blue Cheese Bruschetta, picturelink: vcydGkQz0M8PzQ6Zdk3USUiXB7yHoi}, 9653: {instructions: Combine venison, pork, basil, parsley, garlic, shallots, eggs, and salt and pepper and mix well.nPreheat broiler.nMake an incision along back of each shrimp and stuff with pork mixture. Secure by wrapping the half slice of bacon around each shrimp. Broil until meat stuffing is cooked and bacon is golden brown, being careful to avoid overcooking shrimp., ingredients: [12 pound ground venison, 12 pound ground pork, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped basil leaves, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 cloves shallots, finely chopped, 2 eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 pieces extrajumbo shrimp size: 16 to 20 count per pound, peeled and deveined, 8 slices bacon, cut in 12 16 halves], title: Venison Stuffed Shrimp in Bacon Wrap, picturelink: mvgkSFA.JkjdQU3N7wCXT.anssrjEjC}, 9654: {instructions: Combine the vinegar, garlic and a generous pinch of salt in a blender and blend on low until smooth. Add the parsley, cilantro, oregano, ice and jalapeno and blend on medium speed. With the blender running, slowly drizzle in the olive oil and puree until smooth, about 1 minute, stopping to scrape down the sides if necessary. Season the chimichurri with more salt and pepper and transfer to a serving bowl, cover with plastic and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 4 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup packed fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons packed fresh oregano leaves, 14 cup ice cubes, 1 jalapeno, stemmed, seeded and roughly chopped, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Chimichurri Sauce, picturelink: WO7UVRcsv1cX94769xc51PRgrRWYhh.}, 9655: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the sweet potatoes into a large bowl.nIn a wok or saute pan, toast the cumin and Sichuan peppercorns for 1 to 2 minutes until fragrant. Transfer to mortar and pestle or spice grinder and grind.nSprinkle the spices and salt over the sweet potatoes, drizzle with oil and toss to coat. Transfer to a baking sheet and roast until tender, 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 teaspoon whole cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon whole Sichuan peppercorns, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Roasted Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 9656: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onions, carrots, celery, potatoes, sausage, paprika, garlic, red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper, to taste. Saute stirring frequently, until the potatoes and carrots are tender, and the sausage is cooked through, about 12 minutes.nBring a medium pot of water to a simmer over low heat and add the vinegar. Crack an egg into a small bowl and carefully slide it into the simmering water. Quickly repeat with remaining eggs. Using a slotted spoon, carefully corral the white of each egg around its yolk. Poach the eggs until the whites are firm, or to the desired degree of doneness, about 3 to 5 minutes.nDivide the hash among 4 serving plates and top the hash with a poached egg. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 medium yellow onion, diced, 1 carrot, diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 2 large red potatoes, small diced, 12 pound sweet Italian sausage, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 4 eggs], title: Farmhouse Hash with Potpoached Eggs, picturelink: null}, 9657: {instructions: In a large castiron Dutch oven, heat the oil over high heat until it reaches 375 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer.nTo make the batter, in a large bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, baking powder, cayenne pepper and 1 teaspoon salt. In a second bowl or large liquid measuring cup, combine the beer, eggs and onions. Add some salt and pepper and whisk until smooth. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients, using as few strokes as possible. The mixture should resemble wet sand add more beer, if needed.nLine a plate with paper towels and set by the cooktop. To fry the hushpuppies, scoop up the batter using a medium ice cream scoop and drop it into the hot oil without crowding. Fry, stirring occasionally with a slotted spoon, until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to the prepared plate. Adjust the heat to maintain the proper temperature and repeat with the remaining batter. Serve immediately., ingredients: [About 4 cups canola oil, for frying, 2 cups white or yellow cornmeal, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup beer, plus more if needed, 2 large eggs, 1 onion, very finely chopped], title: Beer Batter Hushpuppies, picturelink: X4A69rODdAgDvn.06wNvk0el8eMokba}, 9658: {instructions: Several hours before cooking, place portobello mushrooms in a large sealable plastic bag. Pour in some olive oil, enough to coat all mushrooms, plus some excess. Sprinkle a little salt and some cracked pepper into the bag. Add about a tablespoon of minced garlic. Seal bag and shake. Refrigerate for a few hours.nPreheat grill to high, remove the mushrooms from the bags and place on grill for 5 to 7 minutes per side or longer you really cant overcook them. Flip them every few minutes or so., ingredients: [5 whole portobello mushrooms, Olive oil, Salt and cracked black pepper, Minced garlic], title: Grilled Portobello Mushrooms, picturelink: VuD6c68KNdgahb8OchdHGV9fzZycG}, 9659: {}, 9660: {instructions: Press cloves into orange slices. Combine ingredients in a large pot and simmer for 20 minutes., ingredients: [12 gallon apple cider, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 orange, cut into 12inch slices, 6 cloves], title: Mulled Cider, picturelink: null}, 9661: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Heat a saute pan over medium heat. Season duck and place skin side down on hot saute pan and sear for about 5 minutes. Place pan into the oven and cook for 10 minutes more leaving duck on the skin side. When desired temperature is reached, remove from oven and let rest for 3 minutes. Keep warm. Serve with Caramelized Orange Relish and Blackeyed Pea Fritters.nHeat oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Quickly sear the oranges until brown. Transfer to a bowl and chill. Place cranberries and orange juice in a food processor. Process for about 15 seconds or until evenly chopped. Place sugar, caramelized oranges, and ginger in a medium bowl. Stir in the cranberry mixture. Add sage, mint and vinegar. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nSoak blackeyed peas in hot water for 30 minutes. Drain. Squeeze and remove skin. Combine peas, onions, pepper flakes, red bell pepper, scallions, salt and sugar in a food processor. Process until very smooth. Add 4 to 6 tablespoons of water if necessary. You should not feel any lumps when you rub mixture between your fingers.nIn large pot heat oil to 325 degrees. Stir batter vigorously to remove air bubbles. Scoop up a spoonful of the batter and drop into the oil. Fry until golden, about 4 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels., ingredients: [4 duck breasts, Salt and pepper, to taste, Caramelized Orange Relish, recipe follows, Blackeyed Pea Fritters, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon canola oil, 2 oranges, peeled and chopped, 6 ounces fresh cranberries, 12 cup orange juice, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon chopped ginger, 1 teaspoon sage, chopped, 1 teaspoon mint, chopped, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 12 pound dried blackeyed peas, 4 ounces onions, peeled and chopped, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 4 to 6 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons chopped red bell pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions, Salt and pepper, to taste, Sugar, optional, Vegetable oil, for deep frying], title: Pan Seared Duck Breast with BlackEyed Pea Fritters and Caramelized Orange Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9662: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nParboil potatoes for 4 minutes in a large pot over medium heat, or pierce with fork and microwave for 6 minutes. When ready, cut into 8 wedges each and sprinkle with vinegar.nIn large skillet, heat the extravirgin olive oil over mediumhigh heat, add the bacon and cook until crisp. Remove with a slotted spoon to paper towels and reserve. Toss potatoes in the bacon drippings and season with sugar, and salt and pepper. Scatter onto a baking sheet and roast, in the preheated oven, until golden and crisp, about 20 minutes. Transfer potatoes to a serving bowl and toss with the parsley and the reserved bacon., ingredients: [4 medium to large Idaho potatoes, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 slices smoky bacon, chopped, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: German Style Oven Fries, picturelink: Vu8DMMftHuWtOdvuJGIypBWqzZNQ0aO}, 9663: {instructions: Heat grill. Cut the beef into smaller steaks, approximately 8 to 10 slices. Season with salt and pepper and Smokey Rotisserie blend, rubbing seasonings into surface of steak. Grill both sides of steak to about medium and serve., ingredients: [3 to 4pound ribeye roast, bone removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Irvine Spices Smokey Rotisserie blend seasoning, to taste], title: Smokey Rotisserie Blackened Ribeye Steak, picturelink: yJiXcFWc06ydNIy5w4bIMnBCutjESm}, 9664: {instructions: In a large pitcher, combine all ingredients and stir. Refrigerate for 1 hour to meld flavors.nServe chilled in iced tea glasses., ingredients: [1 12 cups frozen blueberries, 1 12ounce can frozen concentrated pink lemonade, 1 bottle 750ml Chardonnay, 3 cups lemon lime soda recommended: Sprite, 12 cup Cognac], title: Blueberry Sangria Lemonade, picturelink: HjY9DYhUh31AYfy0rE99Orc8FRmD3pS}, 9665: {instructions: Tear the frisee into bitesize pieces and put in a large bowl.nIn a large heavy skillet, cook the bacon over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until golden. Remove the bacon and drain off all but 2 tablespoons of bacon fat from the skillet.nFill a large saucepan half way with water and stir in the white vinegar. Heat the liquid to just below a simmer. Break each egg into a teacup. With a spoon, create a whirlpool or tornado effect in the saucepan. Slide 1 egg into the simmering liquid. Just on the surface of the liquid, continue the whirlpool to assist the white in wrapping around the yolk. Add the remaining 3 eggs one at a time using the same method. Simmer the eggs about 2 minutes. Immediately remove the eggs with a slotted spoon to a bowl.nReheat the bacon fat in the skillet over moderate heat. Add the shallot and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the sherry vinegar and boil until 1 tablespoon liquid remains. Whisk in the Dijon mustard and honey. Pour the hot dressing over the frisee and toss with salt, and pepper, to taste. Crumble the crisp bacon slices over the salad and garnish with chives, and tarragon.nFor the croutons:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. On a large sheet tray, drizzle the baguette slices with olive oil and bake for 10 to 12 minutes, until crisp and golden brown. Cool the croutons.nDivide the salad evenly among 4 plates and top with the poached eggs and garlic croutons. Season the eggs with salt, and pepper, and serve the salad immediately., ingredients: [3 cups about 8 ounces frisee, washed and dried, 6 ounces slab bacon, cut into 14inchthick slices or 7 thickcut bacon slices, 2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 4 large eggs, 2 tablespoons chopped shallot, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon, 1 French baguette, sliced, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Frisee Salad with Bacon and Poached Eggs, picturelink: null}, 9666: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: zip lock bag, rolling pin, small wine glasses, pastry bagnPut the graham crackers into a resealable bag and bash with a rolling pin into fine crumbs. Spoon the crumbs into the bottoms of small wine glasses.nAdd the cream cheese and sweetened condensed milk to the bowl of an electric mixer and whip together until light and fluffy. Spoon into a pastry bag and pipe a big helping over the crumbs in each of the glasses.nTop with a couple of teaspoons of cherry pie filling, and then with some almond flakes., ingredients: [12 graham cracker rectangles, One 8ounce package cream cheese, 1 can sweetened condensed milk, 1 can cherry pie filling, 2 tablespoons flaked almonds, chopped], title: Cherry Cheesecake Shooters, picturelink: 8iYkyNBHEjU59WixzXBl6kneri4yDHu}, 9667: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the yeast and warm water. Add the flour, salt, sugar, honey, and eggs. Mix thoroughly for about 10 minutes. Let the dough rise about 10 to 15 minutes. Divide the dough into 4ounce portions and shape into pretzels. Place on a greased cookie sheet and let rise for 1 hour. Brush with Honey Butter Mix and sprinkle with kosher salt. Bake for 20 minutes.nIn a small bowl combine melted butter and honey., ingredients: [2 tablespoons yeast, 2 cups warm water, 6 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup honey, 3 eggs, beaten, Honey Butter Mix, recipe follows, Kosher salt, for sprinkling, 12 cup melted butter, 14 cup honey], title: Pretzels, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 9668: {instructions: In a large pot, place the beans and water and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce to a simmer and cook 1 hour, or until tender and creamy in the centers. Crush the beans in their liquid with a potato masher or the back of a wooden spoon. In a large saucepan, heat the lard or other fat over medium heat. Saute the onions with the salt until golden, about 20 minutes. Add the beans and liquid and continue cooking over medium heat, stirring frequently, until the liquid evaporates and the beans form a creamy mass that pulls away from the bottom and sides of the pan, about 15 minutes. Serve immediately. Refried beans can be kept in the refrigerator 3 or 4 days and reheated in a covered casserole in a 350 degree oven., ingredients: [2 cups dried black beans, washed and picked over, 7 12 cups water, 3 tablespoons lard or vegetable oil or 1 12 tablespoon each unsalted butter and oil, 1 large onion, diced, 1 12 teaspoons salt], title: Refried Black Beans, picturelink: null}, 9669: {}, 9670: {instructions: Thaw the spinach in colander squeeze as much of the water out as possible. Mix spinach, Parmesan, and mayonnaise in a bowl until creamy.nTexture should be thick, if you overdo the mayonnaise add more Parmesan. Split oysters in half and line on a cookie sheet or in a baking pan. Top each oyster with enough of the spinach mixture to cover. Cut bacon with kitchen scissors, large enough to drape over top of oyster.nBake in a preheated 350 degree F oven until bacon is crisp. Serve hot., ingredients: [Two 16ounce boxes frozen spinach thawed and squeezed, 20 oysters, 1 cup Parmesan, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 10 strips bacon], title: Oysters Rockefeller, picturelink: null}, 9671: {instructions: Special equipment: 10 toothpicksnLay cake on a clean work surface. Mix the whipped topping and vanilla extract together until combined. Spread white frosting over the top of the cake to coat completely. Roll up the cake, jellyroll style, and then cover the outside of the cake with the frosting. Drag a fork along the length of the cake to form a bark design. Dust with cocoa powder and refrigerate.nFor the forest mushrooms, insert 1 toothpick through each marshmallow and then into the flat side of the chocolate kiss to form mushroom. Group chocolate mushrooms along cake by inserting toothpicks into surface of cake, at intervals to resemble growths of forest mushrooms. Dust chocolate kiss candies with confectioners sugar. Slice and serve., ingredients: [1 premade chocolate jelly roll cake, 1 16ounce container frozen whipped topping, thawed, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Cocoa powder, for dusting, 10 miniature marshmallows, 10 chocolate kiss candies, unwrapped, 14 cup confectioners sugar], title: Chocolate Yule Log, picturelink: pZ6cvFD.3eTgCvVFdDaQSaZfQ7n9Wzm}, 9672: {instructions: For the dressing: Place all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth.nFor the slaw: Combine all ingredients in a large bowl, toss with the dressing and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [13 cup fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Few dashes Bobby Flays Hot Sauce, or your favorite, 12 cup olive oil, 3 carrots, peeled and shredded, 1 medium head green cabbage, shredded, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Salt and pepper], title: Coleslaw with CuminLime Vinaigrette, picturelink: aSfS73WNm03CDuHSFNYvMJiZ3b3P7U6}, 9673: {instructions: Bring the oil to mediumhigh heat in a medium, heavybottomed pot with a tightly fitting lid. Add the prosciutto and crisp until it is lightly golden and the fat renders, about 1 minute. Add the carrots, peppers and onions and cook until softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the orzo and rice. Toast until the grains are all evenly coated with oil, about 3 minutes.nPour the broth and lemon juice into the same pot. Bring to a boil. Add the garbanzos and bay leaf and stir to combine. Cover, reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until the orzo and rice are tender. Remove from the heat once the liquid is fully absorbed, 12 to 15 minutes.nLet the pilaf stand, covered, for 5 full minutes. Fluff with two forks, remove the bay leaf and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the scallions and serve garnished with the basil and mint leaves., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces sliced prosciutto, roughly chopped, 14 cup 14inchdiced carrot, 14 cup 14inchdiced red and green bell peppers, seeded and membrane removed, 1 small onion, cut into 14inch dice, 1 cup orzo pasta, 1 cup basmati rice, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Juice of 12 a lemon, 1 cup canned garbanzo beans, drained and rinsed, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup sliced scallions, 2 tablespoons torn fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons torn fresh mint leaves], title: Basmati Rice Pilaf with Prosciutto, Garbanzo Beans and Orzo, picturelink: bAn1qOn7l4YPLBYALWLRSrVA6nj14S}, 9674: {instructions: In medium bowl, combine pudding mix, cream, milk, and sour cream. Beat at medium speed with an electric mixer until soft peaks form. Cover and chill 2 to 3 hours.nIn individual serving dishes, layer pudding mixture, vanilla wafers, and raspberries. Repeat layers, ending with raspberries, serve immediately. Top with whipped cream, if desired., ingredients: [2 3ounce boxes cheesecake instant pudding mix, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 cup milk, 2 cups sour cream, Vanilla Wafers, Fresh Raspberries, Whipped Cream, if desired], title: Cheesecake Parfaits, picturelink: UZb8tQmcXSPdsd3zfOpag43DzwrmFCG}, 9675: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a spice grinder and grind until finely ground.nTo Mix:nToss 16 cups freshly popped popcorn with 12 cup unsalted melted butter. Season liberally with fine sea salt. Toss to coat with 13 cup of miso caramel topping., ingredients: [2 12 tablespoons miso powder Terra Spices, 1 tablespoon sesame oil powder Terra Spices, 14 cup pure coarse maple sugar, 14 cup dark brown sugar, packed], title: Popcorn Topping: Miso Caramel sweet and savory, picturelink: null}, 9676: {instructions: Special equipment: a deep fryer and eight thick 10inch wooden skewersnPreheat the canola oil to 350 degrees F in a deep fryer.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the bell peppers, onion and garlic and cook until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the mushrooms and cook until the mushrooms are softened, 2 to 3 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper. Add the steak and cook, stirring occasionally, until the meat is no longer pink. Add the Worcestershire sauce and cook 1 minute more. Remove the skillet from the heat and let it cool a little bit.nMelt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Slowly stir in the warm halfandhalf. Using a whisk, whisk until the sauce is smooth. Using a spoon again, stir in the Cheddar, processed cheese, garlic powder, cayenne and paprika. Season with salt and pepper. Remove the sauce from the heat and let it cool a bit.nSet a small bowl with 2 to 3 tablespoons of water near your work surface. Place some of the meat mixture in center of an egg roll wrapper. Pour some of the cheese sauce on top. Fold in the sides of the wrapper and roll up into an egg roll. Using your finger, dab the edges of the wrapper with water and seal. Push a skewer into the end of the egg roll. Repeat with the remaining wrappers and filling.nIn batches, submerge the egg rolls in the hot oil making sure the skewers are kept mostly above the oil line and fry until golden brown. Transfer the egg rolls to paper towels on a plate to drain off the oil., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 red bell peppers, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups sliced button mushrooms, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 pound thinly sliced rib eye steak, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups halfandhalf, warmed, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 14 cup chopped processed cheese, such as Velveeta, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon paprika, 8 egg roll wrappers], title: Philly Cheesesteak Egg Rolls on a Stick, picturelink: cB1gbdSAHWnTgdbaisxEaJwKErfYcC}, 9677: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oven to 425 degrees F.nCoat the tenderloins with olive oil. Combine the grill seasoning, lemon zest and thyme. Rub the spice mixture into the tenderloin and roast 25 minutes. Remove and let juices settle then slice on an angle.nMelt butter in skillet over medium heat and saute apples for 12 to 15 minutes until very tender. Season with a pinch of salt and sprinkle the flour over the skillet, toss to combine. Squeeze the lemon juice over the skillet and sweeten with sugar.nArrange the apples over the pork to serve., ingredients: [2 pieces, 1 package, pork tenderloins  ask the butcher to trim them up for you, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons butter, 5 Gala, Honey Crisp or Golden Delicious apples, quartered, cored and sliced, Salt, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Uptown Pork Chops and Apple Sauce: Roast Pork Tenderloins with Escalloped Apples, picturelink: bOPSlcikQMf4KtikExQ877ZVEE6tpPa}, 9678: {instructions: Place potatoes in a large saucepan, cover by an inch with cold water, add 1 tablespoon of salt and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until just cooked through but not soft, about 40 minutes depending on the size. When cool enough to handle, slice crosswise into 12inch thick slices. Must be fork tendernPreheat grill to high. Brush potatoes on both sides with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until lightly golden brown on both sides and just cooked through, about 1 12 minutes per side. Remove to a bowl. Brush green onions with the remaining canola oil and grill until slightly charred and softened, about 4 minutes. Remove and thinly slice. Add to the potatoes.nWhisk together the vinegars, mustard and honey in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified and taste for seasoning. Pour the dressing over the potatoes, add the parsley and gently toss to combine. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 large sweet potatoes, do not peel, 4 scallion, used both parts, green and white, 12 cup canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup fresh flat leaf parsley, coarsely chopped], title: Grilled Sweet Potato and Green Onion Salad, picturelink: null}, 9679: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Chop bread into bite size pieces. Add extravirgin olive oil, butter and garlic to the skillet. Melt butter into oil then add the bread. Season the bread with salt and pepper. Toss and cook the bread 7 to 8 minutes then add the tomato sauce and fresh tomatoes. Turn to coat and warm the tomato sauce, 3 to 4 minutes.nRemove the bread gnocchi and tomatoes from heat and transfer to a casserole dish, top with basil then cover the dish with cheese. Place the casserole under the broiler and cook 2 to 3 minutes, until the cheese browns and bubbles. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 slices day old, good quality Italian bread, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups 2ounce cans tomato sauce, 3 small plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, Several fresh basil leaves, torn, 2 cups shredded mozzarella, smoked mozzarella or provolone cheese], title: Bread Gnocchi with Tomato and Basil, picturelink: null}, 9680: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring the water to a boil in a large, heavy pot. Add the salt. Gradually whisk in the cornmeal. Reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring often, until the mixture thickens and the cornmeal is tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat. Add the cheese, milk, butter, and parsley. Stir until the butter and cheese have melted. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the polenta to a bowl and serve., ingredients: [9 cups water, 1 tablespoon salt, plus extra for seasoning, 2 12 cups yellow cornmeal or polenta, 1 12 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 1 12 cups whole milk, at room temperature, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into 12inch pieces, 13 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Cheesy Polenta, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 9681: {instructions: To caramelize the pears: Cut each pear into 8 wedges. Melt the butter with the honey in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pears, reduce the heat to medium and cook until they are golden and caramelized on 1 side. Turn the pears and cook until browned and tender, about 5 minutes more. Transfer the pears to a platter to cool.nTo make the vinaigrette: Place the pumpkin in a saucepan. Add 2 inches of water. Cover and simmer over mediumhigh heat until the pumpkin is tender, about 12 minutes.nTransfer the pumpkin to a blender. Add the ginger and shallots and puree, then add the Dijon and dried mustard. With the blender on, add the honey, then the lemon juice, oil, and orange juice. Season with the salt and pepper.nTo cook the duck: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nTrim any excess fat from the duck breasts. Using a paring knife, score the skin in a diamond pattern being careful not to pierce the flesh. Rub the thyme leaves into the skin and flesh of the duck breasts, then season both sides with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nHeat a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and then the duck breasts skinside down. Cook, browning the skin and melting the under layer of fat for about 5 minutes. Drain the fat from the skillet then transfer the skillet to the oven. Roast for 18 to 22 minutes for medium rare. Remove the duck from the oven and rest it for 7 to 8 minutes before slicing. Turn the oven off.nTo prepare the goat cheese: Beat the eggs in a shallow bowl. Combine the bread crumbs, hazelnuts, red pepper, herbs, salt and pepper in a shallow bowl. Dip the cheese rounds in the egg then gently coat with the bread crumb mixture.nHeat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Fry the cheese until golden, about 1 minute per side. Transfer the goat cheese to a baking sheet and hold in the oven it will still be warm until ready to serve.nTo assemble the salad: Dress the mustard greens with pumpkin vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper. Slice the duck. Put the greens on large plates. Arrange 4 pears on each plate. Top each salad with goat cheese and sliced duck. Season the salads with a bit more salt and pepper and serve accompanied by additional dressing, if desired., ingredients: [2 firm Comice pears, cored, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 cup diced pumpkin 12inch dice, 12 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons minced shallots, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 3 tablespoons fresh orange juice, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 Long Island duck breasts, skin on, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked, Sea salt and fresh ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 eggs, 14 cup bread crumbs, 14 cup crushed hazelnuts, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs such as parsley, thyme, chives, and chervil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 8inch log, about 11 ounces fresh goat cheese, at room temperature, cut into 4 2inch wide rounds, 14 cup olive oil, 12 pound young mustard greens or other spicy salad greens], title: North Fork Harvest Salad, picturelink: IZcYncSaOemd0DnD7XTQrAKRfwFWTBW}, 9682: {instructions: Combine the olive oil, red pepper flakes and garlic in a saucepan. Saute over mediumhigh heat until the garlic is fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add in the tomatoes, salt and pepper to taste, bring to a simmer and cook for about 10 minutes. Tear the basil leaves and stir them into the sauce., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped, One 28ounce jar crushed red tomatoes, canned at the peak of the season, or storebought canned crushed tomatoes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh basil leaves], title: Fresh Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9683: {instructions: Muddle mint.nFill glass with ice.nAdd Captain Morgan Parrot Bay Key Lime Rum and club soda.nGarnish with a lime wedge., ingredients: [2.5 oz. Captain Morgan Parrot Bay Key Lime Rum 25 oz. per bottle, 2.5 oz. club soda, 2 sprigs mint, 1 lime wedge], title: Parrot Bay Key Lime Mojito Citrus, picturelink: null}, 9684: {instructions: Arrange the racks in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nToss the oats, coconut chips, apricots and pecans in a large bowl. Whisk together the brown sugar, canola oil, maple syrup, vanilla, and 14 teaspoon salt in a second bowl and drizzle over the oat mixture. Stir well so everything is evenly coated. Use your hands to toss and make sure every piece of oat is covered.nSpread the mixture in an even layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until golden and brown, 15 minutes, rotating the baking sheet tray halfway through baking and stirring the granola with a spoon so it will cook evenly. Remove from the oven and add to a large bowl so it will stop cooking. Let cool before serving.nServe over a bowl of Quick Fix Honey Yogurt and top with berries.nCombine the yogurt, honey, and cinnamon in a bowl., ingredients: [3 cups oldfashioned oats, 2 cups unsweetened coconut chips, 1 cup chopped dried apricots 6 ounces, 12 cup coarsely chopped raw pecans, 14 cup brown sugar, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 3 tablespoons real maple syrup, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt, QuickFix Honey Yogurt, recipe follows, Fresh blueberries, for serving, Sliced fresh strawberries, for serving, 2 cups plain Greek yogurt, 3 tablespoons honey, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Homemade Granola, picturelink: pyzML14LNA0SmWfv0A7IT5hdRN6Myge}, 9685: {instructions: Soak cannelloni beans in water overnight. Remove hind legs from baby lamb. Remove femur bone and kneecap. Pick 1 sprig of rosemary and 12 bunch of thyme, clean 4 cloves of garlic. Chop together until fine. Season bone marrow and inside of lamb leg with salt and pepper, and rub with chopped herb and garlic mixture. Insert marrow into leg cavity and tie with butchers twine. Preheat oven to 225 degrees. Blanch roma tomatoes in boiling water for 15 seconds. Shock in ice water until cold. Peel skin from tomatoes, cut in half and scrape out the seeds. Place 8 halves on foil lined sheet pan. Drizzle with olive oil and add 2 crushed cloves of garlic and 2 sprigs of thyme. Sprinkle with a pinch of salt. Place in oven, cook for 45 minutes to an hour, flip over and cook for another hour or until firm and dry. Turn oven up to 400 degrees. Clean 4 cloves of garlic of excess skin, but be sure to leave 1 layer on. Place in small pot and cover with oil. Place on moderate fire until slow simmer, about 5 minutes. Once simmer is reached, turn fire down very low and let garlic cook in oil. Be careful at this point, excessive heat will cause garlic cloves to explode, shooting hot oil in all directions. Use a splatter guard if unsure. Cook for an additional 10 minutes, remove from heat and let cool in oil. Crack femur bone and kneecap. Cut scrap meat, from lamb carcass, into large dice. Heat large roasting pan, add half of garlic confit oil. Carefully place lamb bones and scraps in pan and place in oven. Let roast, stirring occasionally, until dark golden brown. At this point, remove from oven, add 2 crushed cloves of garlic, 1 small piece each of rosemary and thyme and deglaze with 4 cups of water. Make sure to scrape pan bottom well to loosen all of the meat bits that adhered during the roasting period. Transfer into saucepot large enough to fit everything, and simmer, skimming frequently, until reduced by half. Add demiglace and reduce further until 12 ounces remains. Pass this fragrant lamb Jus through a strainer or coffee filter, and season to taste. Drain beans and place into thick bottomed pot. Cut carrot, celery and onion in half, add to pot. Add remaining rosemary, thyme, tomato halves, garlic and 2 ounces olive oil. Cover with water and bring to simmer. Continue to cook until beans are tender, about 2 hours. Pull off of fire and season with liberal amounts of salt. Let cool in liquid. When cold, remove cooking liquid and discard with herbs. Chop aromatics and recombine with beans. Cut each of the squash and zucchini into 3 equal sized cylinders. Cut each of the cylinders into 4 equal sized wedges. Trim each of the wedges, using a pairing knife, into football shaped pieces. This is called Tourne. Blanch in salted, boiling water until easily pierced with a knife tip. Cool quickly. Turn oven down to 375 degrees. Season lamb legs with salt and pepper, rub with oil, place on roasting rack and cook for 45 to 55 minutes. Check internal temperature with thermometer, it should be about 135 to 140 degrees. Pull from oven and let rest for 15 minutes. Place beans and vegetables in medium sized pot with 4 ounces of lamb Jus. Simmer until thick, season to taste and serve, distributing the vegetables evenly. Slice leg of lamb cross grain, making sure to keep whole slices intact with marrow. Place on top of vegetable, bean mixture. Place 1 piece of garlic confit and 2 pieces of tomato confit on top of each portion. Drizzle 2 ounce of lamb Jus on each plate and serve piping hot, ingredients: [Extra virgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 4 ounces demiglace available, packaged, at Gourmet Shops, 1 18 to 20 pound baby lamb, 2 pieces beef bone marrow, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 14 cloves garlic, 1 cup cannelloni beans, 2 fancy zucchini, 2 fancy yellow squash, 6 Roma tomatoes, 1 carrot, 1 celery stalk, 1 Spanish onion], title: Roasted Leg of Spring Lamb Gigotan, with Baked Cannellini Beans and Confit of Spring Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 9686: {instructions: For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix together the graham cracker crumbs, sugar and butter, and then spread into a 9inch pie pan to make the crust. Bake for about 10 minutes, and then let cool.nFor the filling: Mix together the cream cheese, sour cream and butter in a bowl until well blended. Add the sugar, vanilla and eggs and mix well again. Spread the filling on top of the crust. Place the pan in a rectangular baking dish and cover with parchment paper to prevent browning on top. Bake for 45 minutes, and then let cool and refrigerate overnight.n[disclaimer] This recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens have not it for home use and therefore cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 cup graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup light brown sugar, 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 12 ounces cream cheese, 4 ounces sour cream, 14 stick unsalted butter, 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs], title: New York Style Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 9687: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and lightly grease an 8 inch baking dish. Combine the corn bread, toasted bread and crackers in a large mixing bowl. Pour the stock into a saucepan and add celery and onion. Bring to a boil and cook for 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the stock mixture from the stove and allow it to cool for about 10 minutes before proceeding. When it has cooled, add the stock mixture to the bread crumb mixture along with the eggs, butter, sage, and salt and pepper. Mix well.nIn a skillet, saute the onion in the olive oil until it is brown. Add the butter and lower the heat. As the butter melts, add the flour, stirring constantly to keep it from burning. After the flour browns, add the stock and stir until the gravy thickens. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 cups Mamas Cornbread, 2 cups of toasted bread, cut into 1inch cubes, 10 saltine crackers, crumbled, 2 cups vegetable stock, 3 celery stalks, diced, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 large eggs, 12 stick 2 ounces butter, 1 teaspoon dried sage, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 medium onion, finely sliced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 2 ounces stick butter, 3 tablespoons all purpose flour, 1 cup vegetable stock, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste], title: Stuffed Pumpkin, picturelink: null}, 9688: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 16 to 20 wooden skewers, soaked for 20 minutesnSauce:nPlace coconut milk, cream of coconut, key lime juice, serrano chile, ginger, and lime zest in a blender and blend until smooth with the motor running, slowly add the oil and blend until emulified. Pour the mixture into a bowl and fold in the coconut and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSwordfish:nHeat grill to high. Skewer 1 piece of swordfish onto each skewer. Brush swordfish on both sides with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill swordfish for 4 to 5 minutes on each side or until just cooked through. Spoon some of the sauce onto a platter and top with the skewers. Drizzle some more of the sauce lightly over the swordfish and garnish with coconut flakes and cilantro., ingredients: [12 can unsweetened coconut milk, 2 tablespoons sweetened cream of coconut recommended: Coco Lopez, 14 cup fresh or bottled key lime juice, 1 serrano chile, coarsely chopped, 1inch piece ginger, peeled and chopped, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh lime zest, 1 cup canola oil, 14 cup unsweetened dried coconut, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 swordfish steaks, 8 ounces each, cut into 1inch dice, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Shredded unsweetened dried coconut, lightly toasted, Cilantro leaves], title: Grilled Swordfish Skewers with Coconut, Key Lime and Green Chile Sauce, picturelink: gkifbV3.EOhcae8t0MbzThdMJzJgnsW}, 9689: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the sweet potato chunks in a 3quart casserole dish in an even layer.nBring the maple syrup to a gentle boil in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Boil for 1 minute, then add the broth. Let come to a boil again, then cook for 1 minute more. Turn off the heat and whisk in the butter. Pour the mixture over the sweet potatoes and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper.nCover the dish with foil and roast until the potatoes are tender, about 30 minutes. Remove the foil and continue to roast until the sauce is reduced to a glaze, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the parsley, horseradish and 14 teaspoon salt and stir to coat the potatoes. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet potatoes about 3 medium potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 14 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup loosely packed flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish], title: Sweet Potatoes with MapleHorseradish Butter, picturelink: lBtuyBInM6kvRXHGVHP6v4MIiGXEq}, 9690: {instructions: Heat the olive oil over mediumlow heat in small saucepan. Once the oil begins to warm, whisk in crab boil seasoning. Bring the mixture up to a simmer and when it starts to foam, remove from heat and allow it to cool completely.nProcess the butter in a food processor until smooth and creamy. Add the seasoned olive oil and a pinch of salt, the lemon zest, and process until blended well.nPurchase your favorite baguettes, slice lengthwise. Place baguettes over medium heat on the grill, cook on each side until a golden brown color is achieved. Remove from grill, slather with seasoned butter, cut and serve with grilled linguica sausage.nCooks note: The seasoned butter can be refrigerated for 1 week and frozen for up to 6 months. Refrigerate until just firm enough to shape into a log roll. Put an 18inch sheet of foil on work surface. Lay the butter down the center of the foil, forming a log about 1 12 inches thick. Wrap in foil and twist the ends to make a sealed log, like a tootsie roll. Remove your seasoned butter from the refrigerator and allow to reach room temperature before using., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 1 cup 12pound unsalted butter, room temperature, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, zested, 4 pounds Portuguese linguica sausage, grilled, Baguettes], title: Grilled Baguettes with Seasoned Butter, picturelink: null}, 9691: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a large stock pot of salted cold water. Cover and bring to boil over medium heat. Lower the heat to a simmer and cook until tender. Once the potatoes are cooked, pour them into a strainer, removing all of the water. Put them back into the original pot. If there is still a lot of excess water in the potatoes, put the pot over low heat, shaking the pot so the potatoes dry off but not burn. Turn off the heat, cover and keep warm.nIn a large stock pot, over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of butter and 1 tablespoon canola oil. When the butter has melted, add the onions, shallots and carrots. Turn the heat down to mediumlow, and cook the vegetables until they soften, without burning or caramelizing. Saute for approximately 5 minutes, then add 2 quarts of vegetable stock. Keep the stock at a low simmer for about 30 minutes. Taste the stock and season with kosher salt and black pepper, to taste.nWhile stock is cooking, make Garlic Confit for croutons:nIn a small saucepan over mediumlow heat, add canola oil and whole peeled garlic. Allow to cook until very tender to the touch, about 30 to 45 minutes. It should be like roasted garlic where you can smash and spread it. Allow the garlic to cool a bit then remove garlic cloves from oil and smash the garlic making it look like a puree. Set aside.nPour half of the stock into the pot of cooked potatoes. Using a hand mixer or immersion blender, puree the potatoes. Continue to add stock accordingly until the puree is thick but still pourable. Make sure the whole mixture is smooth. If the soup is still too thick, add more stock. Strain the soup in a fine mesh sieve this is going to help remove the starchy, grainy feel from the potatoes. Strain the soup at least twice to get a nice smooth texture.nAdd the strained soup to a fresh clean pot and put it over mediumlow heat. Whisk in the 1 cup of the halfandhalf, 12 a cup of heavy cream and 3 tablespoons of butter. This is where your palette is going to come into play, you can make this as smooth and buttery as you want. Season with kosher salt and white pepper. Keep whisking and stirring, so as not to let the soup burn. Lower the heat and keep the soup warm.nTo make the garlic croutons:nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBrush the garlic oil on both sides of the bread slices. Arrange them on a sheet pan and put in the oven to toast on both sides. Remove from oven and spread prepared garlic confit on top.nAssembly: Using a 4ounce ladle, pour a ladle of soup into each bowl and squeeze a nice large circle of chive oil around the soup. Squeeze another large circle of beet reduction directly on top of the chive oil. Put 1 garlic crouton in the middle of each bowl. Garnish the croutons with a sprinkle of finely chopped chives.nFill a bowl with ice and water. Bring a medium saucepan of water to a boil over medium heat. Once the water is at a boil, hold the bunch of chives with a pair of tongs. Put the chives into the water for 3 seconds and immediately remove to the ice water. Drain and dry the chives with a paper towel.nIn a blender add chives and oil and puree until smooth and thoroughly blended. Allow the mixture to sit overnight, then strain to remove any chive particles. Strain again through 4 layers of cheesecloth. Pour into a squeeze bottle and when ready to use, put the bottle into hot water to bring to room temperature.nPuree the beets with a little bit of water in blender. Strain through a mesh strainer into a saucepan. Heat beet juice slowly over low heat and add the lemon juice. Pour the mixture through a fine mesh sieve and put it into a squeeze bottle., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 3 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and medium diced, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 large white onion, peeled and medium diced, 3 shallots, peeled and medium diced, 3 carrots, peeled and medium diced, 2 quarts vegetable stock, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup halfandhalf, or more as needed, 12 cup heavy cream, or more as needed, Freshly ground white pepper, 12 cup canola oil, 1 head garlic, cloves peeled, 1 loaf country French bread, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chive Oil, recipe follows, Beat Reduction, recipe follows, 4 chives, finely chopped, for garnish, 1 bunch fresh chives, 34 cup canola oil, 3 large beets, peeled and diced small, Water, 12 small lemon, juiced and strained no pulp], title: Yukon Gold Potato Soup with Chive Oil, Beet Reduction and Sweet Garlic Confit Croutons, picturelink: iACnc0L4pJkrhMpQ02TF183DAPcMRrS}, 9692: {instructions: Put 14 cup of oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat and heat until hot but not smoking. Add 14 cup of the cheese to a medium bowl and set aside.nBrush a work surface with a little oil and press the dough into a rectangle about 14inch thick. Cut the dough into thin strips, about 14inch wide. When the oil is hot, using kitchen scissors, carefully hold the dough strips, 2 at a time, over the pan and snip off 14inch pieces, letting them gently fall into the hot oil this may take several batches. Shallowfry the dough pieces, tossing frequently with a slotted spoon, Chinese strainer or tongs, until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer the croutons to the bowl with the cheese and toss to coat. Continue frying and dredging the dough in the cheese until all the dough is used.nWhen ready to serve, add the romaine to a large bowl, drizzle with lemon juice and add the remaining 14 cup oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste and toss well to evenly coat the lettuce. Add the remaining 14 cup of cheese and the croutons and toss well until combined.nTransfer to a serving platter and top with additional cheese, if desired., ingredients: [12 cup garlicflavored olive oil, divided, plus more as needed, 12 cup grated Parmesan, divided, plus more as desired, 4 ounces frozen pizza crust, thawed, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 medium head romaine, chopped, rinsed, and dried, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Caesar Salad with Crusty Croutons, picturelink: null}, 9693: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 12pint ovensafe glass jarsnMake the preferred pie crust recipe.nRoll out the dough on a floured surface. Using the ring from the jar lid, cut 8 circles from the dough, the circles will be the tops of your pies. Line each 12pint glass, ovensafe jar with the remaining dough. Working with the dough as little as possible, make sure that the dough is pressed tightly against the entire surface area of the jar with the exception of 12inch at the top.nOnce each jar is lined with pie dough, fill with 12 cup preferred pie filling.nTop each pie with the pie dough circles or create a lattice pattern or crumb topping to go on top. Make sure you vent the top of the crust by creating a slit so that steam can escape. Using your fingers, or a fork, press the 2 pieces of dough together.nBrush each pie crust with melted butter and sprinkle with sugar. Seal each jar with metal lid and place in the freezer for up to 3 weeks.nIf baking pies fresh, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bake 40 to 45 minutes, or until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbly. If baking pies that have been frozen, bring them to room temperature before placing in the oven, ingredients: [Your favorite 2 9inch pie crust recipe, 4 cups preferred pie filling, 12cup filling per pie, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cubed, Melted butter, topping, Sugar, for topping], title: PieinaJar, picturelink: null}, 9694: {instructions: Wash plantains and cut into thirds leaving the skin on. Place the pieces in a medium pan with water cover, and bring to a boil. Cook until the flesh is soft, about 15 minutesnDrain and peel the plantains and transfer to a large bowl. Mash to a smooth consistency and add the baking powder, salt, garlic, and pepper. Mix well. Using your hands, form small, thin cakes about 2 12 inches in diameter. Heat oil in large skillet until very hot. Fry the cakes until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towellined plate. Serve with the Chicken Rundown., ingredients: [3 ripe plantains, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon crushed garlic, 12 teaspoon black pepper, optional, 14 cup vegetable oil], title: Plantain Fritters, picturelink: bQ6B.6rtGRDWcPB7DKmrn0jKSIMNZRi}, 9695: {instructions: Peel potatoes, and cut them into 12inchthick slices. Place potatoes in a large saucepan, and cover with cold water. Stir in 2 tablespoons salt. Place pan over high heat, and bring water to a boil. Reduce heat to low, and simmer until potatoes are tender when pierced with the tip of a knife. Drain potatoes in a colander.nHeat milk in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat until it just comes to a simmer reduce heat to low, and keep warm. Place a heatproof bowl on top of a pan of simmering water. Using a potato ricer, press hot, drained potatoes into bowl. Stir potatoes with a wooden spoon until smooth, about 1 minute.nStir in butter until completely melted and well incorporated. While stirring continuously, slowly pour in hot milk. Stir in fresh herbs, pepper, and salt, to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 pounds russet, Yukon gold, or long white potatoes, 2 tablespoons salt, plus more to taste, 1 12 cups milk or cream, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 13 cup chopped fresh herbs, such as parsley, dill or basil, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Herbed Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 9696: {instructions: For the artichokes: Fill a large pot with cold water. Squeeze the lemons into the water, and then drop them into the pot. Add the olive oil and salt. Add the artichokes and cook until a paring knife inserted into the center meets with a little resistance, about 15 minutes. Drain and shock in cold water for 30 seconds. Drain again and transfer to a sheet lined with paper towels to dry.nWhile the artichokes are cooking, make the vinaigrette: Whisk the mustard, honey, lemon zest and juice and some salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified.nHeat a charcoal or gas grill to high. Halve the artichokes, brush with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown and slightly charred on both sides, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a large bowl and toss with the vinaigrette, herbs and red pepper flakes.nServe with grilled Italian bread., ingredients: [2 lemons, halved, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 15 baby artichokes, trimmed, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Canola oil, for brushing, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano, Pinch red pepper flakes, Grilled Italian bread, for serving], title: Grilled Baby Artichokes with Mixed Herbs Vinaigrette, picturelink: 3ECNWlZTNwla9kUMLn.uavKzE4pYMzy}, 9697: {instructions: For the cake:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter 2 8inch square cake pans, line them with buttered parchment paper, and dust with flour.nToss the carrots, walnuts and 12 cup pineapple with 34 cup of the flour in a small bowl and set aside.nWhisk the remaining 1 12 cups flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, baking soda, baking powder and salt together in a medium bowl.nIn another large bowl beat the eggs and sugar with an electric mixer until thick and light, about 5 minutes. While continuing to beat the eggs slowly, gradually add the oil, and then the pureed carrot.nScatter the dry ingredients over the wet and then gently fold them together to make a loose batter. Gently fold the nuts, carrots, and pineapple into the batter. Pour into the prepared pans. Bake the cakes until firm to the touch and a cake tester comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Cool cakes in pans on a rack for 25 minutes. Turn cakes out of pans and cool completely on the rack.nFor the icing:nBeat cream cheese in a large bowl, with an electric mixer until smooth and fluffy. Gradually beat in the butter until smooth. Sift the sugar over the cream cheese, and beat until smooth. Add the lemon zest and vanilla extract and beat until light and fluffy. Refrigerate to set slightly for about 20 minutes.nTo assemble the cake, place a cake layer on a cake stand, plate, or cake board. Spread about half of the icing over top, but leave the sides bare. Sprinkle icing with about half of the pineapple. Top with a second cake layer, and repeat with remaining icing and pineapple. Serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups grated fresh carrots about 2 large, 12 cup walnut pieces, 12 cup finely chopped fresh pineapple see Cooks Note, 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 4 large eggs, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 14 cups vegetable oil, 2 4ounce jars pureed carrot baby food, 2 8ounce packages cream cheese 1 pound, at room temperature, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cubed, at room temperature, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 1 12 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest about 2 lemons, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups fresh pineapple], title: Spring Celebration Carrot Cake, picturelink: AHRQXGfb9MNA0sgqNcB1cnAxtElYAeq}, 9698: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a regularsize cupcake pan with 12 cupcake liners.nCombine the flour, granulated sugar, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder, milk, coffee, vegetable oil, vanilla and egg in a large bowl. Beat until smooth. Bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nTo assemble: Poke a hole into each cupcake with the handle of a wooden spoon. Fill the cupcakes with about 1 teaspoon Chocolate Bourbon Ganache. Generously frost the top of each cupcake with Chocolate Buttercream Frosting. Place 2 pieces of Pecan Praline Cookie in the top of each cupcake.nBeat the butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until light and fluffy. Add the powdered sugar 1 cup at a time until incorporated. Mix in the cocoa. Add the milk and vanilla and beat until light and fluffy. Put the frosting into a pastry bag and cut 12inch off the tip.nPlace the semisweet chocolate chips in a heatproof glass bowl. Add the heavy whipping cream, place in the microwave and melt in 30 second intervals until completely melted. Using a hand whisk, whip the melted chocolate and cream until smooth. Add the bourbon. Put the ganache in a pastry bag.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Place the heavy cream, granulated sugar and butter in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the flour and pecans. Spread the cookie batter onto a parchmentlined cookie sheet and bake until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and let completely cool. When completely cooled, break into pieces., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup whole milk, 12 cup hot coffee, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg, Chocolate Bourbon Ganache, recipe follows, Chocolate Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows, Pecan Praline Cookie, recipe follows, 1 cup salted butter, 4 cups powdered sugar, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa, 14 cup milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 6 tablespoons heavy cream, 6 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups finely chopped pecans], title: Chocolate Bourbon Pecan Cupcakes, picturelink: c5uz.TsZdOImcRCZsjrJJRzeu4uMTja}, 9699: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nToss together the Cheddar, Gouda, mozzarella and Monterey Jack in a medium bowl. Lay the white bread on a work surface and spread the pesto evenly on half the slices. Spread half the cheese mixture about 14 cup per sandwich on the bread with the pesto and top with the remaining white bread to make 4 sandwiches place on a parchmentlined baking sheet.nLay the dark bread on the work surface and spread the fig jam evenly on half the slices. Use the remaining cheese mixture and bread to make 4 sandwiches. Add the sandwiches to the baking sheet. Brush both sides of the white bread and dark bread sandwiches with melted butter. Bake for 5 minutes, then flip and bake for 3 minutes more.nMake the tombstones: Cut the crusts off the sides and curved tops of the white bread sandwiches, following the curves of the tops. Leave the bottom crusts on. Next, cut each sandwich in half lengthwise so that the pieces resembles tombstones.nMake the coffins: Cut the crusts off 3 sides of each sandwich, leaving 1 short side uncut. Halve each sandwich crosswise to make 2 long rectangles. Leaving a flat edge on the top and bottom of the short sides of each rectangle, make diagonal cuts at each corner to create a long hexagonal coffin shape. Add spooky decorations to the tombstones and coffins with the ketchup and mustard.nSpread the lettuce on a platter with a high lip. Lean the gravestones against the lip to stand up. Nestle the coffins in the lettuce., ingredients: [1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, 1 cup shredded Gouda, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack, 8 slices white sandwich bread preferably the kind that has a bit of a heart shape on the top, 14 cup prepared pesto, 8 slices dark sandwich bread, such as pumpernickel or rye, 14 cup fig jam, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup ketchup in a squeeze bottle, 12 cup mustard in a squeeze bottle, 8 cups thinly shredded iceberg lettuce about 1 head], title: Tombstone and Coffin Grilled Cheeses, picturelink: PiVCAITyHgeS1MTCEQwDHGY1Mb2ezC6}, 9700: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: standard size loaf pannPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Mix half the sugar with the flour in a spice grinder or mini food processor for 5 seconds. Remove to a small bowl and set aside.nBeat the egg whites with the vanilla, cream of tartar and salt in a large bowl, using a mixer on medium, until foamy. Add the remaining sugar not with the flour slowly. Beat just until soft, moist peaks form. Add the flour mixture, half at a time, folding in with a rubber spatula until incorporated. Pour the batter into the ungreased loaf pan. Bake 35 to 40 minutes.nInvert the loaf onto 2 cans so that the handles of the pan rest on the tops of the cans, allowing ventilation. After 45 minutes to 1 hour, remove the cake by sliding the knife around the edges. Cool completely and slice with a serrated knife., ingredients: [Toasted coconut flakes, for garnish, 1 orange, cut into segments, for garnish, 34 cups sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 7 large egg whites, 2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 teaspoon table salt, Sour cream, for garnish, ], title: Angel Food Cake, picturelink: nsv2B3cRLIBHATlOw8JaXsuHUci4ine}, 9701: {instructions: 1. Heat the olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a medium saucepan. Add the barley and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the barley smells toasty, about 5 minutes.n2. Add the lemon zest, 3 sprigs thyme, and chicken stock. Bring to a simmer, cover, and reduce the heat to low. Cook for 30 to 35 minutes, stirring occasionally. When most of the water is absorbed, add the chopped parsley.n3. Remove the stems of shiitake mushrooms and discard. Slice the mushrooms into 14inch wide strips. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a saucepan. Add the onions and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and the remaining 3 sprigs thyme and continue to cook until brown, 8 to 10 minutes.n4. Spoon the barley into warm bowls and top with the mushrooms. Sprinkle the Parmesan over the top. Garnish with parsley leaves and serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup pearled barley, 1 strip fresh lemon zest, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 14 cups chicken stock, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus whole leaves, for garnish, 1 small yellow onion, diced, 8 ounces any combination of cremini, shiitake, or oyster mushrooms about 4 cups, 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan about 34 ounce, Kosher salt], title: Toasted Barley with Mushrooms, picturelink: osRIA8EBaGzDNLQy2d1UZreO8oBOMJ.}, 9702: {instructions: Baked Oyster with Asparagus, Crabmeat, Lemon, and Parmesan: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the crabmeat, seafood seasoning, and Worcestershire sauce. Saute the crabmeat, shaking the skillet constantly, just until the crabmeat is heated through, about 2 minutes. Transfer the crabmeat to a shallow pan and refrigerate until fully chilled. In a food processor, add 1 12 cups of the sliced asparagus, the salt, white pepper, and lemon juice. Process until smooth. With the processor running, slowly add the olive oil. Transfer the asparagus puree to a mixing bowl and add the crabmeat, remaining 12 cup of sliced asparagus, Parmesan, and bread crumbs. Mix gently until fully blended. To serve, top each oyster on the half shell with 2 tablespoons of the asparaguscrabmeat mixture. Garnish each oyster with 2 slices of asparagus. Place in oven for 15 minutes.nCrabmeat Thermidor: In a mixing bowl, add the bread crumbs, Parmesan, melted butter, and paprika. Mix well and set aside. Melt the 2 tablespoons of butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, shallots, and bay leaf. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions become soft and clear, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the tarragon, salt, white pepper, and cayenne. Cook for 1 minute. Add the crab stock, bring to a boil, and reduce the crab stock by half. Add the cream and Dijon mustard and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat, strain, and set aside. To serve, melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the green onions and cook for 5 seconds. Add the crabmeat and cook for 1 minute. Add the Thermidor sauce and bring to a boil. Spoon 3 ounces of Crabmeat Thermidor into 8 4ounce ramekins. Sprinkle the top of each ramekin with about 1 tablespoon of the bread crumb mixture. Place the ramekins under a broiler until the tops brown, about 1 to 2 minutes.nMarinated Crab Claws with Green Onion Sauce:nFor the green onion sauce: In a food processor, add the egg yolk, green onions, 1 teaspoon of salt, black pepper, and white vinegar. With the processor running, slowly add the vegetable oil in a thin stream until fully incorporated. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the Marinated Crab Claws: In a mixing bowl, add the red wine vinegar, Creole mustard, paprika, garlic, 12 teaspoon of salt, oregano, and sugar. Slowly add the olive oil, whisking constantly, until fully incorporated. Cut 8 pieces of cucumber about 2 inches long. Hollow out the cucumber pieces to form cups. To serve, marinate the crab claws for 15 minutes. Remove from marinade. Place 2 tablespoons of Green Onion Sauce in each cucumber cup. Place 3 crab claws into each cucumber cup.nJalapeno Shrimp Cole Slaw: Roast the jalapeno pepper under a broiler or in a hot cast iron skillet until charred on the outside. Remove the charred outer skin, stem, and seeds. Chop finely and set aside.nIn a food processor, add the egg yolk, 1 tablespoon of roasted jalapeno, 12 teaspoon of salt, sugar, lemon juice, Creole mustard, mustard, vinegar, and garlic. Process until smooth. With the processor running, slowly add the oil in a thin stream until fully incorporated. In a mixing bowl, add the napa cabbage, red cabbage, carrot, green onions, and parsley. Add the roasted jalapeno sauce and mix until fully blended. Cover and refrigerate. In a skillet, add the water, lemon, and 14 teaspoon of salt. Bring to a boil. Add the shrimp and return the mixture to a boil. Remove the shrimp and refrigerate until fully chilled. To serve, place 14 cup of coleslaw on each plate and top each portion with 1 shrimp.nGrilled Drum Fish with Shrimp and Pistachio Lime Sauce: In a food processor, add the 12 pound softened butter, pistachios, salt, lime zest, lime juice, and hot pepper sauce. Process until the pistachios are finely ground and the mixture is fully blended. Set aside. Season each drum fillet with about 1 teaspoon of seafood seasoning. Pass the drum fillets through clarified butter and cook on a flattop grill or preheated cast iron skillets until done, about 3 to 4 minutes on the first side and 2 to 3 minutes on the second side. Melt 4 tablespoons of butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp and cook until the shrimp turn pink on the outside.nAdd the shrimp stock and bring to a boil. Add the pistachio lime butter and cook, shaking the skillet constantly, just until the butter melts into the sauce.nTo serve, place the cooked drum fillets on serving plates and top each fillet with 2 shrimp and 3 to 4 tablespoons of sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup Louisiana jumbo lump crabmeat, 12 teaspoon seafood seasoning recommended: Chef Paul Prudhommes Seafood Magic Seasoning, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce recommended: Lea and Perrins, 2 cups blanched asparagus, sliced into 18inch pieces, 8 asparagus tips, 2 inches long, sliced lengthwise, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 12 cup fine French bread crumbs, 8 Louisiana oysters on the half shell, 4 tablespoons fine French bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 4 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, divided, 34 teaspoon ground paprika, 34 cup diced yellow onion, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons wholeleaf dried tarragon leaves, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 pinch ground white pepper, 1 pinch ground cayenne pepper, 12 cup crab stock, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 cups whipping cream, 12 cup thinly sliced green onions, 1 pound Louisiana jumbo lump crabmeat, 1 egg yolk, 1 cup thinly sliced green onions, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 1 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Creole mustard recommended: Zatarains, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon minced fresh garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon dried wholeleaf oregano, 1 teaspoon granulated white sugar, 1 cup olive oil, 3 large cucumbers, 24 cracked Louisiana crab claws, 1 large fresh jalapeno pepper, 1 egg yolk, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon granulated white sugar, 34 teaspoon lemon juice, 34 teaspoon Creole mustard recommended: Zatarains, 12 teaspoon dry mustard powder recommended: Colemans, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 14 teaspoon minced fresh garlic, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 cups thinly sliced napa cabbage, 12 cup thinly sliced red cabbage, 14 cup grated carrot, 14 cup thinly sliced green onions, 2 tablespoons chopped flat leaf parsley, 2 cups water, 12 lemon, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 large peeled Louisiana shrimp, 12 pound unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup shelled pistachios, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon finely chopped lime zest, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 3 drops hot pepper sauce recommended: Tabasco, 8 4ounce Louisiana Drum Fish fillets, about 12inch thick, 8 to 10 teaspoons seafood seasoning recommended: Chef Paul Prudhommes Seafood Magic Seasoning, 12 cup clarified butter, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 16 large peeled Louisiana shrimp, 12 cup shrimp stock], title: Rebuilt Louisiana Seafood Platter, picturelink: null}, 9703: {instructions: Cook the Texas toast on a griddle over medium heat, using lots of butter. Set aside.nFry the sausage patties in a skillet over medium heat, flattening with the spatula as they cook. Set aside.nMix the eggs, halfandhalf and some salt and pepper in a separate bowl. Pour the eggs onto the griddle in a rectangular shape. Flip to cook on both sides. Cut the rectangle of eggs into 8 squares and set aside on a plate.nIncrease the heat, then jump the jalapeno slices onto the hot griddle. Let them sizzle for a couple of minutes, chopping them with the side of the spatula as they cook. Drop on a tablespoon of butter for flavor. Cook until the jalapenos have some brown and black bits. Remove from the griddle, then set aside.nSpread whatever sandwich spread youd like to use onto the Texas toast. Top with a sausage patty, eggs, a slice of cheese and some jalapenos. Top with another slice of Texas toast, then wrap in foil for serving., ingredients: [16 slices Texas toast, Butter, 1 pound breakfast sausage, cut into 8 patties, 12 eggs, 12 cup halfandhalf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup jarred jalapeno slices, Sandwich spread of your choice, such as mayo, spicy sandwich spread or spicy mustard, 8 slices cheese, such as American, Cheddar or CheddarJack], title: Cowboy Breakfast Sandwiches, picturelink: Z25I41zUH0fu.N8eXk9K6QXnForSui}, 9704: {instructions: For both recipes you prepare as follows. Place all spices and vodkacognac in a glass jar overnight. Strain the liquid. Mix wine, vodkacognac and sugar in a saucepan. Heat very slowly until hot and the sugar has dissolved. Make sure that the brew does not boil. Serve in small cups or mugs with raisins and peeled almonds., ingredients: [1 bottle red wine, 12 cup eau de vie inexpensive cognac, 5 cinnamon sticks broken into pieces, 20 whole cloves, 1 piece ginger, 1 teaspoon crushed cardamom seeds, Rind from one orange, 1 cup sugar, 3 drops vanilla extract, 1 bottle red wine, 34 cup vodka, 3 cinnamon sticks, 10 whole cloves, 1 piece fresh ginger, Rind from one orange, 1 teaspoon seeds, 34 cup sugar], title: Glogg, picturelink: null}, 9705: {instructions: Preheat grill to high.nIn a bowl combine the ground beef, salt and pepper and the onions. Form into 4 to 6 burgers.nPlace the burgers directly on the hot grill. Add the buns to the grills top shelf to warm while you are cooking the burgers. Cook the burgers until desired doneness. Add cheese to each burger. Close the grill to melt. Top with the hash browns. Serve on the buns with ketchup, mustard and pickle and the top bun will be placed on top.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl. In a large saute pan, over medium heat cook the mixture until golden brown. If the potatoes are sticking you may add more oil., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh ground beef, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 onions, minced, 4 to 6 burger buns, 4 to 6 slices cheese, Shredded hash browns, recipe follows, Ketchup, for topping, Mustard, for topping, Pickle slices, for topping, 2 large russet potatoes, peeled and shredded, 12 cup chopped onion, 1 teaspoon oil, plus more for cooking, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper], title: GenDare Burger, picturelink: null}, 9706: {instructions: For the raita: Place the cucumber and tomatoes in a sieve for about 15 minutes, to drain off any excess liquid. Add to a bowl with the yogurt and buttermilk and stir well to combine. Season with salt.nFor the soup: Put the coriander and cumin seeds into a small skillet and toast over low heat until they just begin to smoke and are very fragrant, about 15 seconds. Grind in a mortar and pestle.nPut the raita into a large glass bowl and whisk in the toasted spices, vegetable broth and salt. Place in the fridge until completely chilled, about 2 hours. Ladle the soup into bowls and garnish with a pinch of paprika and chopped fresh mint., ingredients: [1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and grated, 1 large tomato, seeds and pulp removed and chopped finely, 1 12 cups plain yogurt, 12 cup buttermilk, Salt, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 cup vegetable broth, A pinch of salt, A pinch of smoked paprika, Chopped fresh mint, for garnish], title: Chilled Raita Soup, picturelink: null}, 9707: {instructions: Choose 2 clear glass containers. One should be slightly smaller than the other, so it fits inside. Prep 80100 multicolored tulips by taking foliage off the stems. Line up tulips. Lay tulips flat and straight on the table. Grab them all together and rubber band them. Cut stems. Flowers should be double the height of the container. Put flowers aside.nAssemble containers by placing smaller container inside larger one. Fill larger container to the top with jellybeans. Fill the smaller container onehalf to threequarters with water. Place the tulips in the smaller container., ingredients: [jellybeans, 80 to 100 tulips], title: Jellybean Arrangement, picturelink: null}, 9708: {instructions: Special equipment: stovetop smoker 2 tablespoons smoking oak sawdust chipsnFor the rub: Mix together the paprika, salt, sugar, pepper, chile powder and dry mustard in a small bowl.nFor the potato salad: Place the potatoes in a large saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil and cook until almost done, about 10 minutes. Drain, place in a large bowl, drizzle with the oil and toss with 2 tablespoons of the rub. Place the bacon in a medium skillet over medium heat. Cook until the fat renders and the bacon is crisp, about 10 minutes. Crumble the bacon and set aside. Sprinkle the sawdust chips over the center of the bottom of the smoker and put the rack in place. Place the potatoes on the rack. Close the lid and turn the heat to medium. Smoke the potatoes until fully cooked, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the dressing. Mix together the mayonnaise, cilantro, mustard, adobo sauce, salt, black pepper and scallions in a large bowl. Add half of the bacon and the potatoes. Toss to combine, and then toss with the remaining bacon. Store in the refrigerator until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced 14inch thick and into halfmoons, 2 teaspoons adobo sauce from chipotle packed in adobo, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 4 slices bacon, 34 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard], title: Spicy Smoked Sweet Potato Salad, picturelink: 0iPVuOoxHDW1Ft2eteANHmP5dZ12V8W}, 9709: {instructions: Combine flour, 1 tablespoon fines herbes, and 14 teaspoon salt. Season fish with salt and pepper and dredge in flour to coat, shaking off excess. In a large nonstick skillet heat 1 tablespoon butter over moderately high heat until foam subsides and cook fish 3 minutes each side, or until just cooked through.nReduce heat to moderately low. Cut remaining butter into pieces and add to skillet. Simmer butter until golden brown with a nutty aroma, about 5 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and immediately add lemon juice, salt, remaining herbs and pepper to taste, swirling skillet to incorporate butter will foam. Serve sole filets with butter., ingredients: [4 4ounce sole fillets, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons fines herbes equal parts chopped chives, chervil, parsley, and tarragon, 12 teaspoon salt plus salt to taste, 12 teaspoon ground pepper, 12 stick 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice], title: Sole Meuniere, picturelink: null}, 9710: {instructions: Cut the beef into 4 equal pieces. Put the pieces between plastic wrap and pound out, with the textured side of a meat mallet, to 14inch thick. Put the meat into a shallow glass or plastic dish, cover with the buttermilk, turning to coat. Set aside while you prepare the dredging station.nIn a large baking dish, add the flour and season with salt and pepper, to taste. In a second dish, whisk eggs and milk together. In the third dish, combine the crushed crackers and the panko.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Fit a baking sheet with a rack.nRemove the steaks from the buttermilk, then dip each piece in the flour to coat, shaking off the excess flour. Next, coat them in the egg, then dip them in the cracker and panko mixture, lightly pressing the crumbs into the steak. Set the steaks set aside to rest for 10 minutes.nHeat the canola oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat. When oil is shimmering, add the steaks, 1 at a time, and cook for 3 minutes on first side, 2 to 3 minutes on second side, or until cooked through. Repeat with remaining steaks. As you finish, blot the excess oil on a paper towel, then transfer the steaks to a baking sheet, and keep warm in a low oven.nArrange the steaks on a serving platter and serve with Drunken Pork Gravy.nIn a small bowl, combine the pork, salt and black pepper, to taste, the white pepper and red chili flakes. Heat a medium nonstick skillet, over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and cook, breaking up the pork as it browns.nOnce the pork is cooked through, add the onions and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes, then add the garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes longer. Deglaze with the wine, and reduce for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the Dijon and sprinkle in the flour. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes to cook out the raw flavor of the flour.nAdd 1 cup of the milk and stir until combined. Add the remaining milk and mix until its just starting to thicken. Stir in the cream and heat through. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste, if needed. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound boneless top round, trimmed, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 eggs, 14 cup milk, 2 cups crushed butter crackers recommended: Saltine, 1 12 cups panko bread crumbs, 1 cup canola oil, Drunken Pork Gravy, recipe follows, 1 pound ground pork, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 14 teaspoon red chili flakes, 12 cup diced onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 13 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups milk, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Chicken Fried Steak, picturelink: null}, 9711: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Dredge ribs in flour, knocking off excess. Heat bacon fat in a 6quart heavy ovenproof kettle over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Brown the short ribs in batches in a single layer without crowding. Transfer short ribs as browned with tongs to a large plate.nPour off all but about 2 tablespoons bacon fat remaining in kettle and in it cook garlic, onions, carrots, and rosemary with salt and pepper to taste over moderate heat, stirring, until browned lightly. Deglaze the kettle with red wine. Add the beef broth to the vegetable mixture and bring to a boil, stirring. Return ribs to the kettle, squeezing them to fit in a single layer, if possible, and cover kettle with a lid. Braise ribs in oven until tender, about 2 hours.nTransfer ribs with tongs to a platter and keep warm. Pour cooking liquid through a fine sieve set over a saucepan, discarding solids, and skim fat. If necessary, boil liquid to thicken it slightly, and spoon sauce over ribs. Serve with boiled new potatoes., ingredients: [5 pounds beef short ribs, cut into 1rib pieces if necessary, Allpurpose flour seasoned with salt and pepper for dredging, 14 cup rendered bacon fat, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 6 small onions about 1 pound total, unpeeled but chopped, 6 carrots, sliced, 12 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled, 1 cup red wine, 3 cups beef broth], title: Braised Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 9712: {instructions: Combine the Worcestershire, vinegar, agave, onion powder, paprika, chili powder, garlic salt, liquid smoke, hot sauce, mustard, black pepper, garlic powder, cayenne and tomatoes in a medium sauce pot and bring to boil. Reduce the heat and simmer uncovered, stirring occasionally, until desired thickness is reached, 30 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [13 cup reduced sodium Worcestershire sauce, 13 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons amber agave syrup, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon dark chili powder, 1 tablespoon garlic salt, 1 tablespoon liquid smoke, 2 teaspoons Mexicanstyle hot sauce, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, One 28ounce can nosaltadded whole plum tomatoes pureed], title: Jeffs No and Lo BBQ Sauce No HighFructose Sugar, Low Sodium, picturelink: null}, 9713: {instructions: Combine the sugar and 12 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until sugar has melted, about 3 minutes. Add the vanilla bean and seeds. Let cool to room temperature, then remove the vanilla bean. Transfer the syrup to a bowl, cover and chill until cold., ingredients: [12 cup granulated sugar, 12 vanilla bean, split, seeds scraped], title: Vanilla Bean Simple Syrup, picturelink: null}, 9714: {instructions: To prepare with a food processor:nHeat a 7inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the coriander seeds and dryroast, sliding the skillet back and forth over the burner, until seeds are fragrant, about 3 minutes. Transfer the seeds to a small bowl to cool and repeat with the peppercorns. When cool, grind the coriander seeds and peppercorns separately in an electric spice or coffee grinder and transfer to separate bowls.nFit the food processor with a steel blade. Add the sea salt, garlic, and cilantro roots and stems and pulse until finely minced, scraping down the side of the bowl frequently. Add the ground spices and process to a paste. Transfer to a jar, seal, and refrigerate., ingredients: [1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons Thai white peppercorns, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1215 cloves garlic, minced 12 cup, 1 cup minced cilantro stems and roots], title: The Big Four Paste Glurh, KaTiem, Prikk Thai, Rugg Pakk Chee, picturelink: null}, 9715: {instructions: Spread the cookies with jam. Scoop ice cream onto 6 cookies, top with 6 more and press down lightly. Wrap the sandwiches and freeze., ingredients: [12 chocolate cookies recommended: Pepperidge Farm Brownie cookies, 13 cup cherry fruit spread or jam, 2 pints pistachio ice cream], title: Spumoni Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: 8PL9UXsSBb695HYLH7yNvMDh4iVgP6W}, 9716: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain.nMeanwhile, pulse 2 cups spinach, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon each olive oil and nuts, the lemon zest and juice, 12 teaspoon salt and the red pepper flakes in a food processor until smooth. Scrape down the sides add the parmesan and pulse until smooth. Set the pesto aside.nForm the sausage into nickelsize patties, about 12 inch thick. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the patties and cook until browned, about 3 minutes. Flip, add the garlic to the skillet and cook until the patties are just cooked through, about 2 more minutes.nAdd the pasta, pesto and 14 cup reserved cooking water to the skillet. Toss to coat, adding more cooking water as needed season with salt and pepper. Stir in the remaining 2 cups spinach. Top with parmesan and the remaining 1 tablespoon nuts drizzle with olive oil.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 10 ounces mezzi rigatoni, 4 cups baby spinach about 3 ounces, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, chopped almonds or walnuts, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon, plus the juice of 12 lemon, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping, 2 sweet Italian chicken sausage links 3 ounces each, casings removed, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Freshly ground pepper], title: Spinach Pesto Pasta with Chicken Sausage, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 9717: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the olive salsa for the chicken topping, slice the root end off the entire head of garlic and turn it upside down, wrap it in aluminum foil and mold the foil so it supports the garlic to allow the cut end to stand upright in the oven. Pour about 1 teaspoon olive oil on the garlic so it slips between the skin and the cloves and wrap with the foil so it is enclosed. Roast for about 1 hour and set aside until it is cool enough to handle.nIn a small bowl combine the tomato, basil, parsley, peppercorns, olives and 2 tablespoons olive oil. Gently squeeze the roasted garlic cloves from the skins into the mixture. Fold everything together and set aside to let flavors integrate.nFor the rice accompaniment to the chicken, melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat and stir in the basmati rice, thyme leaves, salt, and pepper, allowing rice to toast for a few minutes. Then add the chicken stock, bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, cover and let simmer covered and undisturbed for 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand 5 minutes.nWhile the rice is cooking begin the sauce for the steak. Heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan, over mediumhigh heat, and saute the shallot until it becomes translucent. Add the mushrooms and cook until they are tender and give up their juices. While the mushrooms are cooling, begin sauteing the bacon in a separate skillet for the potatoes. Add the merlot and cook for about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, in a separate small bowl, make a slurry with 1 tablespoon water and the cornstarch, then add the tomato paste and Dijon mustard and mix thoroughly until smooth. Add this mixture to the pan of mushrooms along with demiglace and parsley. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Turn heat down to medium low, and allow to reduce and thicken.nWhile the mushrooms are cooking, heat the oil in the deepfryer to 375 degrees F or according the manufacturers instructions for potatoes. Saute the bacon strips in a skillet until crispy. Remove to paper towels to drain and cool to room temperature. Drain excess bacon fat from the skillet leaving a coating in which to saute the onion. Cook until the onion becomes translucent. Deepfry the baby potato slices until golden and drain on paper towels. Transfer them to the pan of onions, and crumble in the bacon. Toss in the scallions and season with salt and pepper. Cover and keep warm.nHeat the oven to 375 degrees F for the steak, if you are finishing in the oven.nIn a large saute pan, heat the chicken stock over mediumhigh heat. Add the basil, tarragon and parsley, bring to a boil to integrate flavors, then reduce heat. This is your poaching liquid. Season the chicken breasts generously on both sides with salt and pepper, rubbing the seasoning in, and place the chicken in simmering poaching liquid. Remember, you are poaching, not boiling. The liquid should be kept at a simmer. Poach chicken until cooked through, about 10 minutes, turning breasts midway through cooking period. Remove to paper towels to drain.nHeat olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a skillet with ovensafe handles. Season the steaks with walt and pepper. Sear for about 2 minutes per side undisturbed to let seasonings integrate into the surface of the meat and then to your preferred level of doneness. Transfer the entire skillet to the oven to finish about 10 minutes for mediumrare They can also be cooked on a grill. Let steaks rest, then slice into 14 inch thick slices.nOn half of the serving plate, spoon some basmati rice, top with a piece of chicken, and spoon olive salsa over chicken. On the other half of the serving plate, spoon some potatoes, top with a fan of steak slices about 3 ounces of steak or an amount equal to half of a strip steak, per person and drizzle sauce over sliced steak. Garnish the plate with haricots verts., ingredients: [1 whole head garlic, 1 teaspoon olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large tomato, seeds removed and medium diced, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, packed, 14 cup packed chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 teaspoons cracked black peppercorns, 12 cup pitted medium diced kalamata olives, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup basmati rice Before use, place in a bowl, cover with water and skim off any impurities that rise to the surface. Then transfer to a strainer and rinse well, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves or 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground pepper, black or white, 1 pint 2 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 shallot, minced, 1 cup about 3 ounces white mushrooms, cleaned, trimmed and sliced, 12 cup Merlot, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon water, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup demiglace, 2 teaspoons fresh finely minced flatleaf parsley from about 3 to 4 large sprigs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oil, 3 ounces bacon strips, 1 medium onion, diced, 6 baby potatoes, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced scallions, white and tender green parts only, 1 quart chicken stock, 13 cup packed fresh basil leaves, 18 cup packed fresh tarragon leaves, 14 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, 6 3 or 4ounce boneless chicken breasts, Oil, 3 6 to 8ounce New York strip steaks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound steamed haricots verts, as garnish], title: Dual Controls Chicken and Steak  Herb Poached Chicken with Olive Salsa over Basmati Rice and New York Strip Steak with Sauce Robert over Baby Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 9718: {instructions: Simply combine Stirrings Red Sangria Cocktail Mixer with Moet  Chandon or sparkling wine in a champagne glass.nGarnish with a fresh sliced orange., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Stirrings Red Sangria Cocktail Mixer, 1.5 oz. Moet  Chandon or sparkling wine, 1 slice orange optional], title: Sparkling Sangria Tradicional, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 9719: {instructions: Put the flour into a bowl and make a well in the center. Pour the beer into the well and whisk until the mixture is just combined. Strain the batter through a sieve into a clean bowl and let it rest, covered, for 1 hour.nDust the onion rings with the additional flour, shaking off the excess, and coat them with the batter. Working in batches, fry the onion rings in 2 inches of preheated 370 degrees, oil until they are golden. Transfer them with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain and sprinkle them with salt to taste., ingredients: [1 scant cup all purpose flour plus extra for dusting, 1 cup beer, 2 Vidalia onions, peeled and cut crosswise 13inch thick and separated into rings, Vegetable oil for deep frying], title: Beer Batter Onion Rings, picturelink: null}, 9720: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nFold the sheets of parchment in half and cut out large half circles along the crease, creating full circles folded in half. Unfold the circles and stuff them each with 4 pieces of banana and 14 of all the other ingredients. Fold the edges back together, creating a halfcircle shaped pouch, and seal the edge by crimping and rolling it over itself or by stapling. Bake on a sheet pan for 3 to 4 minutes until well heated through. Cut the paper open at the table in front of your guests so they experience the fragrance of the ingredients., ingredients: [4 pieces parchment paper, 4 bananas, each cut in half the longway and then in half the shortway, 1 lemon, juiced, 4 teaspoons butter, 14 cup honey, 2 teaspoons chopped pistachios, 1 teaspoon orange rind, julienned, 12 teaspoon ginger, peeled and minced], title: Bananas and Ginger en Papillote, picturelink: null}, 9721: {instructions: Place all the filling ingredients in a large bowl and stir to combine. Lay 1 sheet of pasta on a floured surface, and place heaping teaspoons of the filling on the pasta at 1 12inch intervals, in lines 1 12 inches apart, until you have covered half the sheet. Brush the edges of the dough with water, and fold over the uncovered side of the dough. Pinch edges to seal. Using a fluted pastry wheel cut down the length of the dough between the mounds of filling. Then cut each strip into individual ravioli parcels. Pinch all edges to seal, using a little water if necessary. Repeat with all dough and all filling. Arrange the ravioli in a single layer on a floured dish towel, and let them dry for about 1 hour, turning them over after 30 minutes. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the ravioli and cook for 10 to 12 minutes, until tender. When ready, the pasta will rise to the surface of the water. Meanwhile heat the tomato sauce to a simmer. Stir in the cream and tarragon, and gently bring the sauce back to the simmer. Remove from heat. Drain the ravioli and serve with the tomato cream sauce and garnishes.nHeat oil in a large skillet, and saute the onion and garlic over medium heat until softened. Stir in the roasted tomatoes, tomato sauce, chicken stock and basil. Simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Adjust seasonings with salt and pepper. Yield: 3 cups, ingredients: [1 12 cups chopped cooked lobster meat, 13 cup ricotta cheese, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon minced scallions, 1 teaspoon minced fresh parsley, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh dill, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 18 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 pounds fresh pasta dough, homemade or storebought, rolled out into thin rectangles, 2 cups roasted plum tomato sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon, Chopped cooked lobster or diced fresh plum tomato, and fresh tarragon, for garnish, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 cup roasted plum tomatoes 5 plum tomatoes cut in half, drizzled with olive oil, put in a roasting pan and roasted at 325 degrees for about 45 minutes, then skinned and cored, and the flesh chopped, 1 cup tomato sauce your own or store bought, 12 cup chicken stock or canned broth, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Lobster Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 9722: {instructions: Fill a large bowl with ice water. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the fava beans and cook 30 seconds. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to the ice water let cool about 5 minutes keep the pot of water boiling. Drain the beans, then peel off their skins they should slip right off. Add the pasta to the boiling water and cook as the label directs. Reserve about 1 12 cups cooking water, then drain the pasta.nHeat the olive oil, garlic, mint sprigs, parsley sprigs and all but 2 tablespoons of the scallions in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until the scallions are soft, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the favas and 1 cup of the reserved cooking water. Bring to a simmer and cook until the favas are tender and the liquid is slightly reduced, 8 to 10 minutes discard the garlic and herb sprigs.nAdd the pasta to the skillet and cook, tossing until it absorbs some of the sauce, about 3 minutes. Stir in the butter, chopped mint and parsley, reserved scallions, and salt and pepper to taste. Add more cooking water to loosen, if needed. Serve warm or at room temperature.nTip: If you cant find fresh fava beans, use frozen shelled and skinned ones and blanch as directed.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 12 pounds fresh fava beans in the pods, shelled or 1 12 to 2 cups shelled fava beans, 1 cup small bowtie pasta or other small pasta, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 4 sprigs mint, plus 1 tablespoon finely chopped mint leaves, 4 sprigs parsley, plus 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley leaves, 1 bunch scallions, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Freshly ground pepper], title: Herbed Fava Beans With Pasta, picturelink: 2awdiPqBqbfhwp7gLHAb2PaikMMH02S}, 9723: {instructions: Brown meat in large heavy skillet over moderate heat for 2 to 3 minutes, breaking up clumps. Add onion, mustard, worcestershire, sugar, vinegar, ketchup, salt, green pepper and celery. Reduce heat to low and cook, stirring now and then, about 40 minutes until flavors mingle. Place 12 hamburger bun on each of four plates and ladle meat sauce generously on top. Serve at once., ingredients: [1 pound ground brown chicken , turkey or buffalo, 1 medium onion, 1 tablespoon mustard, 1 tablespoon worcestershire, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 34 cup ketchup, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup green pepper, 12 cup celery], title: Sloppy Joes, picturelink: null}, 9724: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Large woknSeason the meat with the pepper, tossing to coat. Set aside. Combine the balsamic, soy sauce, fish sauce, cornstarch and Worcestershire sauce in a small bowl. Whisk with a fork to incorporate well, then add the garlic and ginger, and stir to combine.nPut the wok over high heat, add the canola oil and when it just begins to smoke, add the onions, bell peppers and tomatoes. Saute until the onions begin to soften, about 5 to 6 minutes.nAt this point, drop the prepared French Cut Fries into the oil for a final fry.nPush a hole in the center of the wok and add the beef. Stirfry for 1 minute, then deglaze the wok with the beer and add the vinegarsoy mixture. Stir frequently for another 1 to 2 minutes. Add the lime juice and toss. Remove the French fries from the oil and toss them into the stirfry mixture. Serve on a warm plate with the white rice. Garnish with the parsley and serve immediately. Pass hot pepper sauce at the table.nPeel the sides of the potatoes, leaving the skin on both ends. Cut them into 38inch slices, then stack the pieces and dice them into 38inch squares. Put the potatoes in a bowl with the water and let them sit submerged for 30 minutes to 24 hours. This will help leach the excess starch from the potatoes and keep them from oxidizing.nHeat the oil in a heavy stock pot to 275 to 300 degrees F. Use a candy thermometer to assure proper temperature.nDrain the potatoes and pat them dry of excess water. Add about 2 handfuls of the potatoes to the hot oil. Chefs Note: There should be at least 1inch of oil covering the potatoes. Cook until they are partially cooked and lightly browned, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the potatoes, shake off any excess oil and let them cool on a rack. Repeat with the remaining potatoes.nAfter all of the potatoes have cooled, heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Add 2 handfuls of the potatoes to the oil, and fry until they are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove them from the pot, shake off the excess oil, and season lightly in a bowl with the salt and pepper. Repeat this method until all the potatoes are fried. Keep warm until ready to use., ingredients: [1 1pound ribeye, boneless, trimmed of excess fat and cut into 12 by 2inch long pieces, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 teaspoons minced ginger, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 red onion, cut into 12 by 2inch strips, about 2 cups, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 12 by 2inch strips, about 1 cup, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and cut into 12 by 2inch strips, about 1 cup, 5 Roma tomatoes, sliced into 1inch wedges, French Cut Fries, recipe follows, 4 ounces beer, 1 tablespoon key lime juice, Organic white rice, prepared according to package directions, for serving, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley, Hot pepper sauce, for serving recommended: Aji or Peruvian, both can be found online, 4 4 to 5inch russet potatoes, 1 gallon water, 2 quarts canola oil, 1 tablespoon fine sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Guidos Lomo Saltado, picturelink: y3OBH89Unmi8B0lWhrWfRbETNuLTJYm}, 9725: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Mash the farmers cheese, feta and mozzarella together in a bowl using a fork. Work the egg in with the fork, then stir in the parsley, dill, chives, lemon zest and a large pinch of black pepper.nPut a damp, clean towel on your counter. Unfold the phyllo sheets on top and cover with another damp, clean towel.nPut 1 sheet of phyllo on a cutting board with the long side closest to you and brush lightly with butter. Top with another sheet of phyllo and brush lightly with butter. Top with a third sheet of phyllo and brush lightly with butter. Cut the phyllo in half crosswise, then cut each half horizontally into thirds. Place the rectangles on a baking sheet and set aside. Repeat with the remaining phyllo.nWorking with one buttered phyllo stack at a time, spread a heaping tablespoon of cheese along the long edge of each rectangle, leaving a 12inch border at each end. Fold the sides over the filling, then roll up from the bottom edge of the phyllo. Transfer rolled cigars to a baking sheet seamside down and brush each with a little butter. Repeat with the remaining phyllo, filling and butter.nBake the cigars, rotating the pan halfway through, until crispy and goldenbrown, about 25 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [4 ounces farmers cheese, 2 ounces feta, crumbled, 14 cup shredded partskim mozzarella, 1 large egg, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons finely chopped dill fronds, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, Freshly ground black pepper, Six 16 to 17by12inch sheets phyllo dough, thawed according to package directions see Cooks Note, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Turkish Cheese and Herb Cigars, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 9726: {instructions: Peel and chop 1 pound celery root and 1 pound parsnips cook in salted boiling water until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain, then puree in a blender with 1 cup milk, 23 cup sour cream and 2 tablespoons butter. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Celery Root and Parsnip Puree, picturelink: eIgPwTkYuNoxqrcwNG1tEo3Esv.8N7G}, 9727: {instructions: Devein the chiles and soak in hot water for 30 minutes.nDrain the chiles, combine all of the sauce ingredients in a saucepan, and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Add all ingredients into a blender and puree until smooth. Strain the sauce to remove any large particles. Season the sauce with the salt, to finish.nOn a hot griddle, with the olive oil, saute the pork until fully cooked. Spread the refried beans on one side of the sub roll. Lay the pork on top of the refried beans, and top with the tomatoes, avocados, and onion. Sprinkle the sandwich with oregano and finish with a portion of the sauce., ingredients: [3 12 ounces arbol chiles, 1 cup white vinegar, 2 sprigs oregano, 1 clove, 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds, 1 clove garlic, minced, Salt, Olive oil, to coat pan, 2 pounds pork, thinly sliced, 4 sub rolls, 2 cups refried beans, hot, 2 Roma tomatoes, sliced, 2 avocados, sliced, 1 white onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons oregano, chopped], title: Tortas Ahogadas, picturelink: null}, 9728: {instructions: Fry the bacon strips until crispy, and then drain on paper towels. Mix together with the cream cheese and Cheddar in a mixing bowl.nPour about 1 inch of oil into a frying pan and heat to 350 degrees F over mediumhigh heat. Stuff the cheese and bacon mixture into the peppers using a piping bag. Create a dipping station with the eggs, flour and breadcrumbs. Dredge the cherry peppers in the flour, roll in the eggs, and then roll in the breadcrumbs.nFry until golden brown, flipping sides. Let drain on a wire rack., ingredients: [4 strips maple bacon, diced, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 ounces shredded mild Cheddar, Canola oil, for frying, 12 mild or hot marinated cherry peppers, drained, cut and seeded, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs], title: Cherry Bomb Poppers with Maple Bacon, picturelink: null}, 9729: {instructions: In a large bowl, beat the eggs until slightly frothy. If you are not in a hurry, you can go the extra mile: Separate the eggs and beat the egg yolks in one bowl, the egg whites in another, until very frothy. Gently fold the yolks into the whites. This will make a much lighter omeletnCarefully stir in the onion, chile, cilantro, turmeric and paprika and add couple of generous pinches of salt and a few grinds of pepper.nHeat the oil in a medium 10 to 12 inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Keep a heatproof spoonula a curved, spoonlike spatula at the ready. When the oil starts to shimmer, pour in the egg mixture.nUsing your spoonula, stir the egg mixture in small circular motions to distribute the onions, chile and cilantro evenly around the pan. This also helps move some of the uncooked egg down to the surface of the hot pan. Sprinkle the potato chips if using evenly over the top.nReduce the heat to medium, cover the pan, and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Meanwhile, grab a plate thats as big as your pan.nCheck your omelet. Its all right if its not fully cooked, but it shouldnt be superrunny. If it is, cover the pan and cook for 1 minute more. Slide the omelet, cooked side down, onto the plate. Then, holding the plate from underneath, place your pan over the plate and flip the omelet back into the pan. The omelet should land with its uncooked side down. Cook, uncovered, for another minute.nSlide the omelet onto a serving plate, cut it into 4 wedges and serve with fresh cilantro leaves on topnSmaarti TipnDont omit the serrano chile even if you dont like spicy foods. Scrape out the seeds and use just the flesh that slight bitterness really makes this omelet sing.nPhotograph by Matt Armendariz, ingredients: [6 large eggs, 34 cup minced red onion about 12 medium onion, 1 small serrano chile, seeded and minced, Small handful fresh cilantro, minced about 2 tablespoons, plus extra leaves for garnish, 34 teaspoon ground turmeric, 34 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and freshly, ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable, canola or grapeseed oil, Small handful coarsely crushed potato chips about 14 cup optional], title: Indian Omelet, picturelink: TJB4WrgECkZrOGgOGIFoPv6tanKRfK}, 9730: {instructions: STIR together all ingredients for wasabi cream dipping sauce in a small bowl. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and place in refrigerator while shrimp cooks.nPREHEAT oven to 425 degrees F. Place shrimp on baking sheet and bake for 14 minutes.nSERVE shrimp immediately with cold wasabi cream dipping sauce.nCooks Note: The dipping sauce can be made a day ahead and stored in the refrigerator until time to serve. Also, creating the beautiful presentation in the picture is simple u2013 use sweet and spice sauce included in the shrimp package to create a pool of sauce on each appetizer plate. Add 2 to 3 shrimp to each plate and a small individual ramekin of wasabi cream sauce. Garnish with finely chopped green onions., ingredients: [1 8.2 oz package SeaPaku00ae Tempura Shrimp, 13 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons wasabi powder, 1 teaspoon lime juice], title: Tempura Shrimp with Wasabi Cream Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9731: {instructions: Place the peppers in an oven or on a barbecue and roast until they are soft and charred. Let the peppers rest in a paper bag for 10 minutes, allowing the steam from hot peppers to loosen the charred skin. Remove the peppers from the bag, and peel off the skin and discard. Remove the seeds and cut into 14inch strips. In a large saucepan, heat the extravirgin olive oil and the garlic. Add the capers, black olives, and pepper strips. Cook for a few minutes more, and season with salt. Sprinkle with the parsley and bread crumbs, and stir well. Remove the garlic, and let rest for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 red peppers, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 14 cup capers, 12 cup black olives, Bunch fresh Italian parsley, chopped, 12 cup bread crumbs], title: Zia Francas Roasted Peppers, picturelink: null}, 9732: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a candy thermometer and a kitchen blowtorchnFor the raspberry sauce: Combine the raspberries and sugar in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook for 15 minutes. Add the basil and lime juice and allow the sauce to cool in the fridge.nFor the meringue: Combine 12 cup water and the rum in a medium saucepan over high heat and bring to a simmer. Slowly stir in 1 cup of the sugar to combine, and use a pastry brush dipped in water to remove any sugar crystals from the side of the pot. Insert a candy thermometer into the mixture.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer using a whisk attachment, beat the egg whites on medium speed until foamy. Slowly stream in the remaining 12 cup sugar and beat to soft peaks.nWhen the sugar syrup reaches the softball stage 238 degrees F, remove from the heat. Increase the mixer speed to medium high and slowly stream the sugar syrup into the egg whites in the space between the beaters and the side of the bowl with the mixer running. Continue to beat until the meringue forms soft, glossy peaks.nTo assemble the cake: Place the angel food cake onto a cake stand or plate. Pour the raspberry sauce into the center hole. Spread the meringue evenly all over the sides and top of the cake, covering the hole at the top. Use your spatula to create peaks along the tops and sides if desired. Use a kitchen torch to toast the meringue all over before serving., ingredients: [2 cups raspberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon finely minced fresh basil, 1 teaspoon lime juice, 14 cup rum, 1 12 cups sugar, 8 egg whites, 1 storebought angel food cake], title: Angels and Devils Food Cake, picturelink: BdqyEFUldiQiOTLy6QXBc4LBzrjCrYS}, 9733: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Place the halved tomatoes, onions, and garlic cloves on a baking sheet. Drizzle with half the olive oil and sprinkle with thyme, salt and pepper. Toss to coat well. Place the tomatoes cutside down, and cook for 2 hours turning the tomatoes after 1 hour. After the second hour, remove the baking sheet, and set aside the unpeeled garlic. Place the rest of the vegetables and the pan juices in a food processor or blender. Add a tablespoon or two of water to the pan to scrape up any bits of flavor stuck onto the baking sheet and add to the food processor. Squeeze out the soft flesh of the roasted garlic into the food processor and add the remaining olive oil. Pulse the mixture until chunky, or puree until smooth, depending on desired consistency. Taste the sauce and season with salt, and pepper, if necessary., ingredients: [5 Roma tomatoes, halved about 1 pound, 1 yellow or white onion, quartered, 3 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 to 2 tablespoons water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestion: Serve as a dipping sauce for grilled chicken.], title: Roasted Tomato and Onion Dipping Sauce, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 9734: {instructions: Make the cups: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray twelve 2 12inch muffin cups with cooking spray set aside. Combine the meringue cookies and flour in a food processor process until the mixture is in fine crumbs. Add the melted butter and pulse until combined. Spoon about 2 tablespoons of the mixture into each of the prepared muffin cups. Using the back of a measuring tablespoon, press the mixture firmly into the bottoms and sides of the cups. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, or until just starting to brown. Remove from the oven and immediately press each cup with the back of the tablespoon. Cool the cups in the pan on a rack. Make the filling: Combine the pudding mix and sugar in a medium saucepan. Whisk in the lemonade and egg yolks. Continue to whisk over mediumhigh heat until the mixture comes to a boil. Remove from the heat and cool for 5 minutes. Spoon 2 tablespoons lemon filling into each cooled meringue cup. Top each with 1 tablespoon cherry pie filling. Chill for about 2 hours, or until the filling is set. If desired, top with whipped cream. Serve the mini pies chilled or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 5ounce container vanilla meringue cookies about 24 cookies, 6 tablespoons cake flour, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 4serving package lemon pudding and pie filling mix, 12 cup sugar, 2 14 cups prepared lemonade, 2 large egg yolks, 1 cup prepared cherry pie filling, Whipped cream, for topping optional], title: CherryLemon Meringue Mini Pies, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 9735: {instructions: For the dirty rice: Combine 2 cups of the chicken broth and the rice, garlic, bay leaf and thyme bundle in a medium pot. Bring to a boil. Cover and simmer until the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove the bay leaf and thyme fluff the rice.nHeat the oil in a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the celery, onions and bell peppers and sweat the vegetables for about 5 minutes. Add the chicken hearts and livers, andouille and corn cook until browned. Add the remaining 1 cup chicken broth and scrape the bottom of the pan to loosen any browned bits. Stir in the kidney beans. Add the garlic powder, paprika, cayenne, onion powder, oregano, thyme, red pepper flakes and 2 teaspoons salt. Simmer until the liquid reduces and everything is cooked through, about 10 minutes. Add the rice to the skillet and stir to combine. Remove from the heat. Sprinkle with the sliced scallions.nFor the chicken: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the chicken breasts with salt all over and place them skinside down in the pan. Sear both sides until golden brown. Add the butter and Worcestershire sauce and baste the chicken for a minute. With the breasts skinside down, transfer the pan to the oven and cook until the internal temperature reads 160 degrees F, 10 minutes. Let rest for 5 minutes.nPrepare an ice water bath in a bowl. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the green beans to the pot and cook until bright green, about 3 minutes. Remove the green beans and immediately shock them in the ice bath to stop cooking drain. Heat the remaining tablespoon oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the green beans and cook until warmed through and tender.nServe the chicken with green beans and dirty rice., ingredients: [3 cups chicken broth, 1 cup longgrain white rice, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 bay leaf, 1 small bundle thyme, tied with twine, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 rib celery, diced, 12 onion, diced, 12 green bell pepper, diced, 1 pint chicken livers and hearts, cleaned, diced small, 8 ounces andouille sausage, casings removed, crumbled, 1 ear corn, shucked, kernels removed, One 15.5ounce can kidney beans, drained, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt, 2 scallions, thinly sliced on the bias, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 airline chicken breasts, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 8 ounces green beans, trimmed], title: Chicken Breast with Dirty Rice, picturelink: Ncu0CIoNexFp8FrTgQpkkPuBpnnD.56}, 9736: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the chopped celery stalks, endive, shallots, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper cook, stirring, until the vegetables are softened, 4 to 5 minutes. Increase the heat to high and stir in the mussels and thyme. Add the wine and bring to a boil cover and cook, shaking the pot occasionally, until the mussels open, 3 to 5 minutes. Discard any unopened mussels.nTransfer the mussels and vegetables to a bowl using a slotted spoon. Whisk the remaining 6 tablespoons butter and the lemon juice into the liquid in the pot. Bring to a boil, then remove from the heat and return the mussels to the pot. Sprinkle with celery leaves and parsley toss to coat. Serve with toasted baguette.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 3 stalks celery, chopped, plus chopped celery leaves, for topping, 2 heads Belgian endive, sliced crosswise 1 inch thick, 4 large shallots, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 4 sprigs thyme, 112 cups dry white wine, Juice of 12 lemon, Chopped fresh parsley, for topping, Toasted sliced baguette, for serving], title: Steamed Mussels with Endive, picturelink: null}, 9737: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the squash in half through the stem and remove the seeds. Drizzle the cut edges with oil, season with salt and pepper, and put it, cut side down, on a baking sheet. Roast until very soft, about 1 hour. Remove the squash from the oven, turn the halves over and let them stand until cool enough to handle. Scoop the flesh from the shell, into a bowl and discard the shell.nIn a large saucepan or Dutch oven with a lid, heat the 2 tablespoons oil over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until softened, about 6 minutes. Add the squash flesh, chicken stock, and curry powder and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover, and cook until the squash is broken down, about 10 minutes.nCool the squash mixture for about 5 minutes before adding it to a blender. Working in batches, puree the soup in a blender until smooth, transferring the puree to a clean saucepan as you work. Season the soup with salt and pepper, to taste, and simmer a few minutes over medium heat to combine the flavors. Ladle the soup into serving bowls and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 3pound butternut squash, Extravirgin olive oil, for roasting, plus 2 tablespoons, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 shallots, chopped, 1 quart lowsodium chicken stock, 2 teaspoons curry powder mild or spicy], title: Butternut Squash Soup, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 9738: {instructions: Bring 8 cups water and 1 cup thinly sliced unpeeled ginger to a simmer in a saucepan simmer until reduced to 5 cups, about 25 minutes. Sweeten with 14 cup honey and divide among mugs strain, if desired. Dust with cinnamon.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Ginger Tea, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 9739: {instructions: Clean squid. Remove tentacles and fins. Boil tentacles and fins for 15 minutes. Drain and cool. Chop finely. In mixing bowl, combine ricotta, egg, cheese, parsley, chopped tentacles and fins, salt and pepper. Stuff squid with cheese mixture. Close each end with a toothpick. After stuffed, dredge in flour. Heat the oil in large pan and saute squid until brown on all sides. Remove from pan. Drain oil from pan. Add garlic and white wine. Bring to a boil, turn heat down to a simmer and reduce to half. Add tomatoes, salt pepper, and oregano. Bring to a boil and cook 10 minutes. In roasting pan, place squid and pour over tomatoes. Cover pan with foil, bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [8 large squid, 1 pound Ricotta cheese, 1 egg, 14 cup grated Pecorino cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, Salt and pepper, to taste, 8 toothpicks, 14 cup flour, 34 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup white wine, 2 28ounce cans imported San Marzano tomatoes, Pinch oregano], title: Stuffed Calamari, picturelink: null}, 9740: {instructions: Make the dough: Pulse the flour, cookies and salt in a food processor until the cookies are finely ground. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal with peasize bits of butter. Drizzle in 14 cup ice water and pulse until the dough begins to come together. Turn out into a 9inch glass pie plate not deep dish and press into the bottom and up the sides about 14 inch above the rim. Pierce all over with a fork and chill until firm, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the crust with foil, then fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until the edges are golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and continue baking until the crust is golden all over, 10 to 15 more minutes. Cool completely on a rack.nMake the filling: Whisk the pumpkin, cream, sugar, eggs, liqueur, nutmeg, vanilla and salt in a bowl. Pour into the crust and bake until the edges are set but the center still quivers, 50 to 60 minutes. Cool completely on a rack.nMeanwhile, make the praline: Line a baking sheet with a silicone mat or parchment paper and brush with vegetable oil. Stir the sugar and 1 tablespoon water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and cook, swirling the pan but not stirring, until amber, 6 to 7 minutes. Stir in the almonds and salt. Pour the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet, spreading it as thinly as possible with a rubber spatula. Cool completely.nCoarsely chop or break the praline and sprinkle over the pie right before serving.nPhotographs by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup crumbled amaretto cookies about 10 cookies, 18 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 15ounce can pure pumpkin, 1 cup heavy cream, 23 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 12 tablespoons amaretto liqueur, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup sliced almonds, 18 teaspoon salt], title: Amaretto Pumpkin Pie With Almond Praline, picturelink: 0RorDadT4j.P.DA8t6qWiprcDJUOW}, 9741: {instructions: Mix the coffee liqueur and condensed milk in a small bowl. Set aside.nPut 2 to 3 scoops of ice cream in each parfait glass. Scatter the berries or fruit evenly over the ice cream and drizzle with the coffee liqueur mixture. Garnish with a vanilla cookie, if desired, and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons coffee liqueur recommended: Kahlua, 12 cup sweetened condensed milk, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 3 cups mixed berries or chopped seasonal fruit, Vanilla cookies recommended: Marias for garnish, optional], title: Fast Fruit Delight with Coffee Liqueur, picturelink: null}, 9742: {instructions: Pulse almonds in a food processor until very finely ground, like coarse sand. Pour ground almonds into a pie pan or other shallow bowl and set aside. Beat chocolate frosting and butter in large bowl with a hand mixer until well blended. Stir in graham cracker crumbs and almond extract. Shape chocolate mixture into 1inch balls. Roll each ball in almonds to coat. Place balls on a cookie sheet. Using your finger, make a deep indentation in the center of each ball. Fill the indentations with chocolate kiss candies. Refrigerate for 30 minutes, or until cold., ingredients: [1 cup very finely ground almonds, 1 16ounce container dark chocolate frosting, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, at room temperature, 2 12 cups graham cracker crumbs, 12 teaspoon pure almond extract, 48 chocolate kiss candies recommended: Hersheys], title: Chocolate Thumbprint Cookies, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 9743: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oven to 450 degrees F. Remove the ends of the grapefruits to stabilize on the cutting board. Using a sharp knife, remove the skin and bitter pith from the flesh. Over a small bowl, hold grapefruit in 1 hand and carefully remove the segments by sliding the knife between the flesh and the membrane. Toss grapefruit pieces with brown sugar and vanilla and divide among 6 ramekins. In a large bowl, beat egg whites until light and fluffy. Add sugar and beat until meringue is glossy and holds stiff peaks. Top each ramekin with 14 cup of ice cream. Cover with meringue and bake until golden brown, about 7 minutes., ingredients: [3 grapefruits, 14 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 egg whites 14 cup sugar, 1 12 cups vanilla ice cream Special equipment: 6 4ounce ramekins], title: Baked Grapefruit, picturelink: 85oEr5X8ryM7TBYfSdcrKMyhqlLpxq}, 9744: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nUsing a 2 23inch round cutter or juice glass cut bread into rounds. Butter both sides with melted butter and press into mini muffin tins, being careful not to tear bread. Season with salt. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes until toast are firm to the touch and slightly golden in color. Fill with desired fillings., ingredients: [12 slices fresh thin sliced white bread, crusts removed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Salt], title: Baked MiniBread Cups, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 9745: {instructions: Clean and cut the fennel in long strips julienne and trim tops, reserving for later use.nHeat oil in heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat, add onion and kosher salt. Cook until onion begins to brown, add strips of fennel, stir, and let cook covered for about 5 minutes or until fennel begins to wilt, reduce heat to mediumlow.nMeanwhile, mix grated apple with lemon juice and add to pan, cover and cook, stirring occasionally for 15 minutes. Add butter, mixing well. Add caraway seeds, reserved fennel tops and hard cider or apple juice. Cook for an additional 5 minutes, uncovered. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and let sit to allow the flavors to mingle. The sauerkraut can be made up to 2 days in advance and kept covered in the refrigerator until ready to use.nBuild charcoal fire or preheat gas grill. Just before serving, warm sauerkraut and grill sausages. To grill sausages, place on the cooking grate over direct medium heat for 6 to 8 minutes, turning occasionally to mark all sides of the sausage. Meanwhile, split the buns and brush a little butter on the inside. Toast until lightly browned. When ready to serve, place 1 sausage and a generous amount of the sauerkraut on the bun and serve with mustard on the side. Enjoy immediately., ingredients: [1 large fennel bulb, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large Vidalia onion, chopped, 5 Granny Smith apples, grated, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 12 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 12 cup hard cider or apple juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 smoked sausages, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 8 poppyseed hot dog buns or French rolls, Spicy brown or Dijon mustard], title: Grilled Smoked Sausage with Apple Fennel Sauerkraut, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 9746: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, combine 2 14 cups flour, sugar, salt, and yeast add 12 cup margarine or butter 1 stick. With mixer at low speed, gradually pour 2 cups hot tap water 120 degrees F to 130 degrees F. into dry ingredients. Add egg increase speed to medium beat 2 minutes, scraping bowl with rubber spatula. Beat in 34 cup flour or enough to make a thick batter continue beating 2 minutes, occasionally scraping bowl. With spoon, stir in enough additional flour about 2 12 cups to make a soft dough.nTurn dough onto lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes, working in more flour about 12 cup while kneading. Shape dough into a ball and place in greased large bowl, turning over so that top of dough is greased. Cover with towel let rise in warm place 80 to 85 degrees F. until doubled, about 1 12 hours. Dough is doubled when 2 fingers pressed into dough leave a dent.nPunch down dough by pushing down the center or dough with fist, then pushing edges of dough into center. Turn dough onto lightly floured surface knead lightly to make smooth ball, cover with bowl for 15 minutes, and let dough rest.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn 17 14inch by 11 12inch roasting pan, over low heat, melt remaining 12 cup margarine or butter tilt pan to grease bottom.nOn lightly floured surface with floured rolling pin, roll dough 12 inch thick. With floured 2 34inch round cutter, cut dough into circles. Holding dough circle by the edge, dip both sides into melted margarine or butter pan fold in half. Arrange folded dough in rows in pans, each nearly touching the other. Cover pan with towel let dough rise in warm place until doubled, about 40 minutes.nBake rolls for 15 to 18 minutes until browned., ingredients: [6 cups allpurpose flour about, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 packages active dry yeast, 1 cup margarine or butter 2 sticks, softened, 1 large egg], title: Parker House Rolls, picturelink: rww5uBSe5QlB.znI.OVaCQ2mts5hwO}, 9747: {instructions: Place the chicken, margarita mix, tequila, cilantro and chicken seasoning in a large resealable plastic bag squeeze out the air and seal. Massage the bag to combine the ingredients. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour. Meanwhile, soak 12 wooden skewers in water.nPreheat a grill to medium. Remove the chicken from the marinade thread each piece onto a skewer. Oil the grill grate grill the chicken skewers for 1 to 2 minutes per side, or until the meat is cooked through. Serve on a platter with arugula and lime.nPhotograph by Mark Peterson, ingredients: [1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 12 strips, 1 10ounce can frozen margarita mix, thawed, 23 cup tequila, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons chicken seasoning, Vegetable oil, for the grill, Baby arugula and lime halves, for serving], title: Margarita Chicken Skewers, picturelink: 8XAm6BNOzOUCTkCzhF1C1Kl7FMEI2}, 9748: {instructions: Combine the flour, sour cream, egg yolks, honey, lemon zest and salt in a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook attachment. Mix on mediumhigh speed until the dough comes together and begins to pull away from the bowl, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth, about 5 minutes. Divide into 2 balls, loosely cover with plastic wrap and let sit at room temperature, 1 hour.nRoll out each ball on a floured surface into a 12inch square, about 18 inch thick. Cut each square into 7 strips, then cut each strip crosswise into thirds you will have 42 rectangles. One at a time, make a 1inch slit lengthwise down the center of each rectangle lift a short end and thread it through the slit, then pull out twist in the middle so it looks like a bow.nHeat about 3 inches of vegetable oil in a pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Fry 5 to 7 cookies at a time, turning, until deep golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Toss in the confectioners sugar. Store in an airtight container for up to 3 days.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup sour cream, 4 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 cups confectioners sugar], title: Angel Wings, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 9749: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat olive oil in a large skillet with a metal handle over mediumhigh heat. Add tenderloin and sear each side. After all sides have been seared, place skillet in oven and roast for 15 to 20 minutes per pound per tenderloin or until an instantread thermometer registers 155 to 160 degrees F. Remove from oven and let rest for 10 minutes.nPlace baguette slices on a baking sheet and toast in preheated oven until just golden around the edges, about 7 to 10 minutes. Remove and set aside to cool.nSpread toasted baguette slices with 1 heaping teaspoon of the herb cheese spread. Slice pork tenderloin into 14inch thick slices and place on top of bread slices. Top each slice of pork with a small dollop of the herb cheese spread and top with a cherry tomato half., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 to 1 12pound premarinated apple bourbon pork tenderloin recommended: Hormel, 1 French baguette, sliced into 12inch thick slices, 1 5.2ounce package soft cheese with garlic and herbs recommended: Boursin, 12 cherry tomatoes, cut in half], title: Crostini with Pork Tenderloin and Herbed Cheese, picturelink: YGjYZsLUqV5R07jAQlQwWkYm3GugbL6}, 9750: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason inside of the kabocha with thyme, salt and pepper and rub with 4 tablespoons oil. Place onto a roasting pan flesh side up, and roast until caramelized and cooked through, about 25 minutes. Let cool slightly.nIn a small saucepan combine the cream with the lemon grass and reduce by half. Strain into another small pan and hold warm.nIn a medium pot over high heat, add 2 tablespoons oil. Add the carrots, onion and leek and cook until browned. Add the hot stock, reduce the heat to medium, and season, to taste.nWhen the squash is done, remove the cooked flesh from the squash and add to the pot. Transfer the contents of the pot, in batches, to a blender and blend until smooth. Strain through a fine sieve into a second pot and reduce until desired consistency is achieved. Season, to taste.nServe soup in a warm soup bowl, and gently swirl in a dollop of the cream reduction. Garnish with chives., ingredients: [1 large kabocha squash, cut in 12, seeds removed, 1 tablespoon picked thyme leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 stalk lemon grass, thick end only, finely chopped, 1 small carrot, roughly chopped, 1 small Spanish onion, roughly chopped, 1 small leek, white portion only, roughly chopped, 6 cups chicken stock, heated, Chives, cut in 1inch sections, for garnish], title: Roast Kabocha Soup with Lemon Grass Cream, picturelink: null}, 9751: {instructions: u00a92010 Publix Super Markets, Inc., ingredients: [Sweet Pepper Salmon:, 4 salmon fillets, skin removed 1 12 lb, 14 cup whole smoked almonds, Large ziptop bag, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic pepper seasoning, Cooking spray, 14 cup maple syrup, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, Zucchini Ribbon Salad:, 12 cup prediced fresh tomatoes, 12 cup matchstick carrots, 13 cup presliced green onions, 14 cup balsamic vinaigrette, 1 tablespoon basil herb paste, 14 cup crumbled Gorgonzola cheese, 2 medium zucchini], title: Sweet Pepper Salmon with Zucchini Ribbon Salad, picturelink: l0V6B20CZVzqMpWJsOzXMgLSj3H2i}, 9752: {instructions: Fiesta Filling:nSprinkle the turkey with adobo, salt, and pepper. Mix together with hands.nIn a large skillet over a low flame, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Add the onion, garlic, potato, and red pepper and saute. Add the meat, sofrito, and tomato paste. Break up the meat thoroughly with a wooden spoon or spatula. Cook until the mixture is fully cooked, about 30 minutes, then stir in the cilantro.nDrain excess liquid and transfer the mixture to a mixing bowl. Add the pineapple and mix well with a wooden spoon.nFrying Fiesta Empanadas:nIn a large skillet heat the canola oil over medium heat.nIf using small empanada shells put 2 heaping tablespoons 3 tablespoons for the larger shells of the mixture into the center. Fold the dough over and seal it using a fork to crimp the edges. Repeat this process for all of the empanadas and set them aside without letting them touch each another.nThe oil will sizzle when you test it by dipping a corner of a completed empanada in it.nWorking in batches, fry the empanadas for approximately 3 minutes on each side. Dont crowd the pan. Make sure your empanadas are not touching each other while frying. When golden brown on both sides transfer them to paper towels to drain. Arrange them on a serving platter, let cool slightly and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground turkey, 12 tablespoons adobo seasoning, or more to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for sauteing, 13 cup finely diced onion, 1 tablespoon freshly minced garlic, or more to taste, 14 cup peeled finely diced waxy red potato, 2 tablespoons finely diced sweet red pepper, 34 cup sofrito liquid stock base, 34 cup tomato paste, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 4 pineapple ring slices, well drained, and finely chopped, 48 ounces canola oil, for frying, 10 large or 15 small round empanada shells found in your grocers freezer or purchased at a bakery], title: Thalias Fiesta Empanadas Patelitos, picturelink: ZSq26cgzxonaC.V32dl8T3.95I4Tuh6}, 9753: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine the milk and salt. Heat the milk over medium heat until bubbles form around the edges of the pan. Set aside and cover to keep hot.nIn a blender or food processor, blend the sugar and egg yolks together until very thick and smooth. With the machine running, gradually add the hot milk. Return the mixture to the saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, for 6 to 8 minutes, or until the mixture thickens slightly and coats the back of the spoon. Remove the pan from heat and set it in a bowl of ice water. Stir for 2 minutes to cool the mixture. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours, or until thoroughly chilled.nIn a deep bowl, beat the cream until soft peaks form. Fold the whipped cream into the custard mixture. Transfer to an ice cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturers instructions., ingredients: [2 14 cups whole milk, Pinch of salt, 23 cup sugar, 6 egg yolks, 23 cup heavy cream], title: Custard Gelato, picturelink: null}, 9754: {instructions: Whisk the flour, salt and baking soda in a large bowl.nBeat the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar in a bowl with a mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes use the paddle attachment for a stand mixer. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then beat in the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low, add the flour mixture and beat until combined. Stir in the chocolate chips by hand. Press plastic wrap directly onto the surface of the dough and refrigerate at least 1 hour or preferably overnight.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Drop scant tablespoonfuls of dough onto the prepared baking sheets, about 2 inches apart. Bake until golden brown around the edges but still light in the center, about 8 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool 10 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips], title: CrispyCakey Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: aiweAd15yORa.6vXbndu51E6CfypqE.}, 9755: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Toss green beans in olive oil and some salt and pepper and spread them out on a baking sheet. Roast in oven for 35 minutes, stirring ocassionaly. Transfer to a large mixing bowl and toss with cherry tomatoes, basil and pumpkin seeds. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [1 lb. trimmed green beans, 1 pint small cherry tomatoes, halved, 14 cup toasted pumpkin seeds, 12 cup chiffonaded fresh basil leaves, 14 cup olive oil, 1 Tbs. sherry wine vinegar, salt and pepper], title: Roasted Green Beans and Cherry Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 9756: {instructions: Candy confetti, for garnishnAdd all ingredients, except candy confetti, to cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well and strain into a martini glass. Garnish with a sprinkle of candy confetti., ingredients: [1 shot spiced rum recommended: Captain Morgans, 12 shot butterscotch schnapps, 12 shot vanilla schnapps, 1 shot halfandhalf, Ice], title: Icing on the Cake Martini, picturelink: B1k13KcUYR2w3eJeHPHYZDWVi8ePkwW}, 9757: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 13inch pan, or 2 6inch round pans.nIn a large bowl, using an electric mixer, cream butter and sugar together, about 5 minutes. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time, then add the lemon zest.nIn separate bowl, sift flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In another bowl, combine lemon juice, buttermilk, and vanilla. Slowly add the flour mixture and wet ingredients, simultaneously, into the egg mixture and combine well. Divide batter between the prepared round pans, or sheet pan. Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or when toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Remove from the oven and allow to cool in the pans. Slice, as desired, and serve., ingredients: [14 pound unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pans, 1 cup sugar, 2 extralarge eggs, room temperature, 14 cup lemon zest 3 to 4 lemons, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 38 cup buttermilk, room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Lemon Cake, picturelink: null}, 9758: {instructions: Preheat oven: 350 degreesnGrease and flour a 8x8 or 9x9 square pannEmpty dry mix into large bowlnStir eggs, water, oil into dry mix until well blended about 50 strokes add diced apple piecesnPour batter into prepared pannOpen cinnamon apple pouch and squeeze onto surface of cake, using a knife or spatula gently swirl the apple filling into the cake surface.nSprinkle granola pouch over the top of the apple cinnamonnBake in center of oven at 350 degrees until cake is firm in center 2830 minutes.nCool 1520 minsndocument.writeunescape3Cscript src  document.location.protocol  https:  https:sb : http:b  .scorecardresearch.combeacon.jsc13c26035648c34900c4603c5700c6 3E3Cscript3E, ingredients: [1 box of Duncan Hinesu00ae 100 Whole Grain Apple Cinnamon Muffin Mix, 2 apples, diced and peeled about 1  1 12 cups, 14 cup water, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil or 2 tablespoons melted butter], title: Apple Cinnamon Whole Grain Coffee Cake, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 9759: {instructions: Add the potatoes to a large pot, cover with water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Salt the water and cook to tender about 12 to 15 minutes. Drain and return to hot pot. Add the zest, butter, creme fraiche or sour cream, salt, pepper and nutmeg, to taste.nWhile potatoes are coming to a boil, heat a chili pot with extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, over mediumhigh to high heat. Add the turkey and brown, then add in the onions and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Chop the peppers, then add them along with the garlic to the turkey. Stir in the spices, and add salt and pepper, to taste. Cook for 8 to 10 minutes, then add the tomato paste and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the stock and simmer a few minutes to thicken and combine flavors.nPreheat the broiler.nTransfer the chili to a casserole, spread the potatoes over the top and cover with Cheddar cheese. Brown under the broiler until golden and serve., ingredients: [2 12 pounds sweet potatoes, 4 to 5 potatoes, peeled and cubed, Salt, 2 teaspoons orange zest, 4 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, Freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds ground turkey, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 small chile peppers, red fresno, jalapeno or serrano, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 2 to 3 large cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons chili powder recommended: Gerhardts, 1 tablespoon smoked sweet paprika, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, a palmful, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, a palmful, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 to 3 cups turkey or chicken stock, 2 cups shredded sharp yellow Cheddar], title: Turkey Chili and Sweet Potato Shepherds Pie, picturelink: null}, 9760: {instructions: Blanch the string beans in a large pot of boiling salted water for just 1 12 minutes. Drain immediately and immerse in a large bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. When they are cool, drain and set aside.nHeat the butter and olive oil in a very large saute pan over medium heat and cook the garlic for 1 to 2 minutes, tossing occasionally, until lightly browned. Add the string beans, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and toss together. Reheat the string beans and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds French string beans haricots verts, both ends removed, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon good olive oil, 2 to 3 garlic cloves, sliced, Freshly ground black pepper], title: String Beans with Garlic, picturelink: gw96FoaO6J8WcDD1LcsUELwb4Uo02a2}, 9761: {instructions: Season chicken, if desired, with salt and ground black pepper. Dip chicken in flour, coating well shake off excess. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook chicken, turning once, 5 minutes or until thoroughly cooked. Remove chicken and keep warm.nHeat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in same skillet over medium heat and cook bell peppers, stirring frequently, 4 minutes or until crisptender. Add shallots and cook 2 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring frequently, 1 minute. Stir in Sauce and simmer 5 minutes or until slightly reduced.nTo serve, spoon sauce over chicken and sprinkle with goat cheese.nCost per recipe: 17.63.nCost per serving: 4.41.nBased on average retail prices at national supermarkets., ingredients: [3 medium red, orange or yellow bell peppers, sliced, 1 small shallot, chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Tomato  Basil Sauce, 3 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 114 lbs., pounded 14inchthick, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 Tbsp. olive oil, divided], title: Chicken With Peppers and Goat Cheese, picturelink: MycvZFzfNo7yQr3y4jQ8eWHrhy2hXky}, 9762: {instructions: For the fritto misto: In a medium bowl, mix together the flour, salt and pepper. In a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about 13 of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 375 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer a cube of bread will brown in about 1 minute. Dredge the cauliflower, green beans, fennel, garbanzo beans, and lemon slices in the flour. Fry the dredged ingredients for 1 to 3 minutes until lightly browned. Drain on paper towels.nFor the lemon mayonnaise: In a small bowl, whisk the mayonnaise and lemon juice together until smooth. Pour into a small dipping or serving bowl.nArrange the fritto misto on a platter and serve with the lemon mayonnaise., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons fine sea salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 small cauliflower, cut into 1inch florets, 4 ounces green beans, halved, 1 fennel bulb, trimmed and sliced into 1inch pieces, 1 cup garbanzo beans, drained and rinsed, 1 lemon, cut into 14inch slices, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice from about 12 lemon], title: Vegetable Fritto Misto with Lemon Mayonnaise, picturelink: HeqZQDKTRtddUTyX7mbuyj8kUSlSBO}, 9763: {instructions: Combine the beer, peach nectar, peaches and syrup in a large pitcher stir to blend. Serve immediately.nPlace 12 cup water, the sugar and ginger in a small saucepan. Bring the syrup to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Let the syrup cool completely, about 20 minutes. Strain before using., ingredients: [Three 12ounce bottles chilled beer, light or mild, such as Modelo Especial not dark beer, 3 cups 24 ounces chilled peach nectar, such as bottled R.W. Knudsen brand or canned peach nectar, 2 fresh peaches, pitted and cut into wedges or 5ounces frozen peach slices, thawed, 34 cup Ginger Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 12 cup sugar, One 4inch piece fresh ginger, cut into 14inch pieces], title: GingerPeach Beer Cooler, picturelink: BedjebLTp3vMrNRhYYdgwpoBuJrsu}, 9764: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 3inch ring molds, optionalnFor the hot sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and shallots and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the mangoes and habaneros and cook for 5 minutes, stirring often. Add the vinegar and a tablespoon or so of the honey. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring, until the mangoes are soft, about 10 minutes.nPour the mixture into a blender and blend until smooth. Add salt, pepper, and more honey to taste. If very thick, thin with a few tablespoons water. Strain through a sieve set over a small bowl. Makes about 1 cup.nFor the hash: Heat the oil in a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the jerk chicken, sweet potatoes, scallions and cilantro toss together. Press the mixture into the pan and cook, undisturbed, until the bottom starts to brown and crisp, about 5 minutes. Turn over parts of the hash, press and crisp again.nFor the eggs: Line a plate with paper towels. Crack the eggs into little bowls. Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil over mediumhigh heat stir in the vinegar. Slip the eggs into the water, adjusting the heat to maintain a bare simmer. Cook until the egg whites are set but the yolks are still runny, about 4 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer the eggs to paper towels to dry.nTo assemble: While the eggs are poaching, set a ring mold on a dinner plate and spoon in some of the hash, pressing to crush the potatoes a bit. Remove the mold. Make a little divot in the top of the hash, then spoon on a poached egg and drizzle some hot sauce over the top. If you dont have a ring mold, just mound the hash onto plates. Garnish with scallions and cilantro. Repeat for the remaining servings. Serve immediately.nIn a small bowl, combine the coriander, ginger, brown sugar, garlic powder, onion powder, kosher salt, habanero powder, thyme, cinnamon, cloves and black pepper. Mix to blend. Makes about 1 cup extra spice mix can be stored in a sealed container in a cool, dark place for up to 6 months.nSprinkle the chicken breasts with salt and pepper on both sides rub the top side with a generous amount of the spice mix.nHeat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken breasts, rubside down, and cook until a crust forms, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook until just cooked through, about 4 minutes more., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 shallot, chopped, 2 mangoes, chopped about 2 heaping cups, 1 habanero, chopped, 1 cup white wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 Spanish onion, chopped, 2 Jerk Chicken Breasts, diced, recipe follows, 3 medium sweet potatoes, boiled, peeled and diced, 4 scallions, sliced on the diagonal, plus for garnish, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, plus for garnish, 4 eggs, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons ground coriander, 3 tablespoons ground ginger, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus for sprinkling, 1 tablespoon habanero powder, 1 tablespoons dried thyme, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground cloves, 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, plus for sprinkling, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, about 6 ounces each, 2 tablespoons canola oil], title: Jerk Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash with Poached Eggs and MangoHabanero Hot Sauce, picturelink: KcF0SmNQnTTbNUKbhZJxJqHvblvkU6}, 9765: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, heat the butter in a Dutch oven or deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and shallots and cook until the bacon starts to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the wine and red pepper flakes, increase the heat to high and cook until slightly reduced, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, crushing them with your hands, and cook until reduced by half, about 10 minutes.nAdd the pasta to the boiling water and cook as the label directs drain. Pile the parsley, garlic and 1 teaspoon salt on a cutting board and use a large knife to mince and mash them together.nAdd the mussels to the tomato sauce and stir to coat, then cover. As the mussels open 2 to 6 minutes, use tongs to transfer them to a bowl discard any that do not open. Add the pasta to the sauce and toss until heated through, about 1 minute. Add the parsleygarlic mixture and toss. Divide the pasta among bowls and top with the mussels.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 slices bacon, diced, 2 shallots, chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 28ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes, 12 ounces spaghetti or bucatini, 14 cup fresh parsley, 1 large clove garlic, smashed, 2 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded], title: Spaghetti With Mussels and Bacon, picturelink: Vay6cyv4tXscc0SGSoBhDbT5bywiJa}, 9766: {instructions: Blend the wet: In a stand mixer with the paddle attachment or in a large bowl using a hand mixer on medium, blend the sugar and butter until lighter in color and fluffy. Add the molasses and ginger and blend until smooth. Then add in the egg and blend until incorporated.nAdd the dry: In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and pumpkin pie spice. Reduce the mixer speed and add the flour mixture in 3 parts, slowly blending and scraping the sides of the bowl to include all the dough. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.nRoll, bake and top: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Pour enough sugar into a small bowl to dust the cookies about 13 cup.nUsing a small melon baller or ice scream scoop, make 24 balls of cookie dough and roll each in the sugar to coat on all sides. Place the balls on the prepared baking sheets 1 inch apart and gently press each down.nBake until the bottoms and edges are browned slightly, about 12 minutes remove from the oven and immediately push a ginger candy in the center of each cookie so that it cools with it locked in place. Slide the cookies off the sheet by pulling the parchment paper off the sheet and onto a cooling rack. Cool before serving. Store in an airtight container for up to 6 days., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 sticks 34 cup salted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons unsulfured molasses, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 large egg, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, About 13 cup granulated sugar, for dusting, 24 pieces crystallized ginger candy 12 to 1inch pieces], title: Sunnys Ginger Molasses Cookies, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 9767: {instructions: Salt and pepper the rabbit loin. In a large saute pan, heat oil and butter over high heat. Sear the loin on all sides and then cook to medium doneness for about 2 more minutes. Set aside and keep warm.nOver medium heat using a large saute pan, add olive oil and butter. Caramelize the gnocchi on both sides for about 1 minute. Add sauteed morel mushrooms, onions, fava beans,nfresh peas, fiddlehead ferns, and wild leeks. Add garlic and shallots and continue to cook for another minute. Add chicken stock a little at a time and reduce 1 more minute. Add parsley, heavy cream, Parmesan, truffle oil and salt and pepper, to taste. Heat up the Morel Foam and Spinach Puree.nOver medium heat in a medium saucepan saute garlic, shallots, morels, leeks and onions in butter until very soft about 3 minutes. Add chicken stock. Bring to a boil under high heat. When it comes to a boil add heavy cream. Remove from heat and puree in a blender. Salt and pepper, to taste. Keep warm.nOver medium heat in a medium saucepan add butter and saute onions and leeks for about 2 minutes. Add chicken stock, bring to a boil and then place into a blender with spinach. Puree until smooth and transfer to a bowl. Season with salt, pepper and cayenne. Place the bowl on an ice bath to stop cooking process. This keeps the color bright green. Keep in the refrigerator until needed., ingredients: [Salt and pepper, 6 rabbit loins, 1 tablespoon pure olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 black truffles, sliced for garnishing, 14 cup pea sprouts, for garnishing, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon butter, 42 prepared gnocchi, 1 cup fresh morel mushrooms, sauteed in 1 teaspoon of olive oil and butter with 1 teaspoon chopped shallots and 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 spring onion, sliced and caramelized in 1 teaspoon of olive oil and 1 teaspoon butter, 14 cup fresh sweet peas, shelled and cooked in salted water, then shocked in ice bath, 12 cup fava beans, 12 cup fiddlehead ferns, 12 cup wild leeks, washed and cut into 1 12 inch strips, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon parsley, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon truffle oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups Morel Foam, recipe follows, 1 cup Spinach Puree, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 2 cups fresh morel mushrooms, washed and dried, 12 cup leeks white part only, 12 cup minced onion, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup chopped onions, 12 cup leeks, washed and chopped white part only, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 cup spinach, cooked in salted water then shocked in ice bath, Salt and pepper, Cayenne pepper], title: Roasted Young Rabbit with Gnocchi and Fricasse of Spring Vegetables, Spinach Puree, and Morel Foam, picturelink: 4FniDSHaG4CScBnzVCZayi8z.3WLGDG}, 9768: {instructions: To a hot saute pan over medium high heat, add the olive oil and butter and melt. Add garlic, onion, and bay leaf, and sweat for 1 minute. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper, and cook until liquid is released and mushrooms are almost dry. Stir in the thyme and oregano. Remove from the heat and allow to cool. Remove the bay leaf.nPlace the turkey in a large mixer and add the cooled mushroom mixture, mix well and season with salt and pepper. Form the mixture into 8ounce patties. Pan fry or grill the burgers until cooked through. Serve on a bun with romaine lettuce, sliced red onions and Chunky Tomato Salsa Compote.nIn a small saucepan, combine all of the ingredients and bring to a boil. Lower to a simmer and cook until most of the liquid has reduced., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 ounces butter, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon chopped onion, 1 pound button mushrooms, chopped fine in a food processor, 1 pound portobello mushrooms, cut into 14inch pieces, 14 cup chopped thyme, 14 cup chopped oregano, 1 bay leaf, Salt, Pepper, 2 pounds ground turkey, 8 hamburger buns, Romaine lettuce leaves, Thinly sliced red onion, Chunky Tomato Salsa Compote, recipe follows, 1 cup chopped tomatoes, 14 cup minced red onion, 14 cup minced cilantro, 14 cup minced green onions, 2 tablespoons minced jalapeno, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons lime juice], title: Turkey Mushroom Burger, picturelink: null}, 9769: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSeason the ducks with salt and pepper, then rub with thyme leaves. Stuff half the apple in the cavities of the ducks. Pierce the skin with a fork and dot the skin with butter.nPlace the ducks, on a rack in a roasting pan. Pour the water and wine into the pan.nRoast in oven for 1 12 hours or until an instant read thermometer placed in the thigh registers 180 degrees F. Baste occasionally, adding water if needed. During the last 20 minutes of cooking, place rest of the apples in the pan. When the ducks are fully cooked, remove them from the oven and let them rest for 15 minutes before carving. Mix the pan apples with the sour cream and serve with the carved meat., ingredients: [2 ducks, 5 pounds each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, 6 green apples, peeled and chopped, 12 stick butter, 12 cup water, 12 cup white wine, 23 cup sour cream], title: Duck Stuffed with Apples, picturelink: null}, 9770: {instructions: For the turkey: Twentyfour hours before cooking your turkey, liberally season the inside and outside of the bird with salt and pepper. Using a mini chopper or mortar and pestle, grind the oregano, parsley, tarragon, sumac, thyme, shallots and lemon zest together with some salt and pepper the salt will help draw the moisture and flavor from the mixture. Add the olive oil to form a paste. Spread the herb mixture all around the inside and outside of the turkey. Refrigerate the turkey, uncovered to dry the skin, for 24 hours.nFor the roasting: Remove the turkey from the fridge 90 minutes before roasting and allow it to come to room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSeason the turkey again with salt and pepper. Put the parsley and thyme sprigs in the cavity with the lemon and shallot halves.nPut the carrots, celery and onions in the bottom of a roasting pan fitted with a roasting rack. Add a cup of water or stock to the bottom of the pan. Add the turkey to the rack and roast, adding a little more water or stock to the pan if necessary to prevent the drippings from burning, for 30 minutes. Reduce the temperature to 350 degrees F and continue to roast, basting the turkey with the pan drippings every 30 minutes, until the thickest part of the leg registers an internal temperature of 155 degrees F, another 2 12 to 3 hours. Allow the bird to rest, tented with foil, for at least 1 hour before carving. The temperature will rise to about 165 degrees F during resting.nPour the pan drippings into a saucepan, set the pan over mediumhigh heat and cook until reduced by onehalf, about 10 minutes. Stir in the butter until melted. Pour the reduced turkey drippings over the carved turkey just before serving., ingredients: [One 12 to 14pound fresh turkey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh oregano, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon ground sumac, 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon finely minced shallots, Grated zest of 6 lemons use 3 of the zested lemons below, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 sprigs fresh parsley, 10 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 lemons, halved, 1 shallot, halved, 3 carrots, roughly chopped, 3 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 1 onion, roughly chopped, Water or stock, for the roasting pan, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter], title: Lemon and Herb Roasted Thanksgiving Turkey, picturelink: 2U4FM5ENOJgWcLqBtVoZUatdoalT5O}, 9771: {instructions: Heat 12 tablespoon of the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden and caramelized, 10 to 12 minutes.nHeat the remaining 2 12 tablespoons canola oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat and saute the stewing meat until nicely browned. Add the caramelized onions, garlic and caraway seeds. Cook for 1 minute, and then add the paprika, Montreal steak seasoning, onion powder, cayenne powder, salt and pepper. Add the green and red peppers, stir and saute until fragrant, about 2 more minutes.nAdd the tomato puree and tomato paste and stir. Add the vegetable broth and 12 cup water, plus more if needed, and deglaze the Dutch oven, making sure to loosen anything stuck to the bottom of the pot.nBring to a low simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the meat is very tender, about 90 minutes. Serve over Spaetzle, egg noodles or dumplings., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 onions, chopped, 2 14 pounds lean, trimmed stewing beef, such as round eye, andor pork tenderloin, 1 12 tablespoons chopped garlic, 12 tablespoon caraway seeds, 3 tablespoons paprika, 1 12 tablespoons Montreal steak seasoning, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne powder, or more for extra spice, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 3 large green bell peppers, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 large red bell peppers cut into 1inch pieces, One 16ounce can tomato puree, One 6ounce can tomato paste, 1 12 cups vegetable broth, Spaetzle, egg noodles or dumplings, for serving], title: Traditional German Goulash, picturelink: null}, 9772: {instructions: Preheat oil to 350 degrees F.nDip softshell crab into tempura batter. Fry crab until it turns golden brown. Remove and place on paper towels to drain. Cut into thirds. Place all ingredients on bamboo mat in the following order: nori, rice, crab, avocado, and spicy mayonnaise and roll in a jelly roll fashion.nPlace all ingredients except oil in blender. On medium speed, slowly add the oil to emulsify into mayonnaise.nIn a mixing bowl, blend the dry ingredients. Stir in the egg, and while stirring, pour in the seltzer, 12 cup at a time. Stir to completely combine ingredients. Add enough seltzer so that the blend is the consistency of unwhipped heavy cream. Stir in a few ice cubes to keep the batter very cold., ingredients: [1 Softshell Crab, 2 cups tempura batter, recipe follows, 1 nori, 12 cup sushi rice, 18 avocado, 2 tablespoons spicy mayonnaise, recipe follows, 3 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon shallot chopped, 12 clove garlic, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 2 teaspoons seasoned rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon miso paste, 2 teaspoons chile paste, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 1 12 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup all purpose flour, 12 cup cornstarch, 1 whole egg beaten, 1 to 2 cups seltzer, A few ice cubes], title: Spider Roll, picturelink: null}, 9773: {instructions: In a bowl toss cucumber julienne with remaining ingredients and season with salt and pepper. Chill at least 15 minutes and up to 1 hour.nTrim the smoked salmon slices to form about 40 strips approximately 2x4inches each. Lay a bundle of cucumber strips shake off excess dressing at one end and roll up securely. Place seam side down on a tray, cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve. Garnish with sesame seeds., ingredients: [1 cucumber preferably English peeled, seeded if necessary and cut into 2inch julienne strips, 14 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 12 teaspoon Asian sesame oil, 2 teaspoons finely grated, peeled fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted lightly and cooled, 14 cup finely chopped scallions, Pinch sugar, if desired, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, to taste, Toasted white and black sesame seeds for garnish, 12 ounces smoked salmon, sliced paper thin], title: Smoked Salmon and Asian Cucumber Salad Rolls, picturelink: null}, 9774: {instructions: Soak the porcini mushrooms in 1 cup of hot stock until softened, about 30 minutes. Strain the liquid through a coffee filter or a sieve lined with a double layer of cheesecloth. Trim any hard bits from the mushrooms. Set aside the mushrooms and liquid separately.nSeason the beef with salt and pepper. In a large casserole, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over medium high heat until hot but not smoking. Brown the beef on all sides, about 15 minutes total. Transfer the beef to a plate. Pour off browning fat. Add pancetta, onions, carrots, and celery, stirring, until they are golden. Add garlic and cook 1 minute more. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Stir in bay leaves, rosemary, parsley, and tomato paste. Add the wine and simmer until it is reduced by half, about 20 minutes.nAdd the beef, tomatoes, porcini mushrooms, mushroom liquid, and enough beef stock to come 23 up the side of the beef. Bring to a simmer, cover, and cook at a gentle simmer for 2 12 to 3 hours, until the meat is tender. Turn the roast every 30 minutes or so.nTransfer the meat to a cutting board and cover with aluminum foil to keep warm. Skim off any fat from the surface of the liquid. Strain the liquid, pressing on the solids with a spoon to extract as much liquid as possible. Discard the solids and return the strained sauce to the pot. Bring to a boil and let cook uncovered for a few minutes to further reduce and thicken the liquid. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Slice the roast and serve with the sauce and soft polenta., ingredients: [1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 2 cups beef stock, Salt and pepper, 1 4pound beef eye of round, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons pancetta, chopped, 1 finely chopped onion, 1 finely chopped carrot, 1 finely chopped celery stalk, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 14 cup tightly packed parsley leaves, chopped, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 5 cups red wine, 1 28ounce can whole tomatoes, drained and crushed], title: Stracotto di Manzo Italian Pot Roast, picturelink: null}, 9775: {instructions: Special equipment: A shoebox or other small boxnTo make a cone holder, first find a small cardboard box that will fit in your freezer a shoebox works perfectly. Turn it upside down, and cut 8 Xs evenly spaced across the bottom with a sharp knife. Push down on each X to make a hole into which you can place an ice cream cone so it will stand upright.nMelt the chocolate, shortening and a pinch of salt in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula, until smooth, about 4 minutes. Pour the mixture into a small bowl, and stir in the mint extract.nPour about 1 tablespoon of the melted chocolate mixture into a sugar cone, and swirl to completely coat the inside. Pour any excess chocolate back into the bowl. Place the cone in the cone holder. Repeat with the 7 remaining cones. Let the chocolate set up at room temperature, about 15 minutes.nFill each cone to the top with ice cream, and top with an additional 13cup scoop. Return the cones to the cone holder, and freeze to harden the ice cream, about 30 minutes.nPut your desired topping in a small bowl. If the remaining melted chocolate mixture starts to solidify, heat it in the microwave in 10second increments, stirring in between, until it is fluid again. Dip each top scoop of ice cream in the chocolate to mostly cover it, leaving a little bit exposed. Let any excess chocolate drip off, then immediately dip the top scoop in the topping. Work quickly, as the chocolate shell sets in seconds.nServe the cones immediately, or store them in the cone holder in the freezer until ready to serve. To freeze filled cones individually for up to 2 weeks, roll each up in a large triangle of wax paper and tape closed., ingredients: [6 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped into small pieces, 6 tablespoons vegetable shortening, Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon peppermint extract, 8 small sugar cones, 2 pints mint chocolate chip ice cream, Sprinkles or mini chocolate chips, for decorating], title: Mint ChocolateDipped Ice Cream Cones, picturelink: UuUHzJb4O4KaszivLFq2eq9OYVzmjQ6}, 9776: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing a fork, pull chicken meat from bone in shreds.nPlace lettuce in a large bowl or divide onto individual dishes. Top lettuce with chicken, cucumber, tomato, and scallions.nIn a small bowl, whisk together broth, peanut butter, soy sauce, lime juice, and sesame oil. Pour mixture over salad. Top with peanuts just before serving., ingredients: [2 cooked chicken breast halves, 4 cups chopped romaine lettuce, 1 cup diced cucumber, 1 cup diced tomato, 12 cup chopped scallions, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons smooth peanut butter, 1 tablespoon reducedsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 14 cup dry roasted peanuts], title: Thai Chicken Salad with Peanuts and Lime, picturelink: MggAyYuMW9OrkHucvp5cMEpKTcmRt.}, 9777: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the cake: Butter and flour an 8inch round cake pan.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, cake flour, minced rosemary, baking powder, and salt.nUsing a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, on low speed beat the butter and vanilla together until combined. Slowly add the powdered sugar. Once the sugar is incorporated increase the speed to high and beat until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the egg yolks and eggs, 1 at a time. Reduce the speed to medium and add the sour cream. On low speed add the dry ingredients just until incorporated.nPour the batter into the prepared cake pan and smooth the surface with a spatula. Bake in the lower third of the oven until the cake is golden and pulls away from the sides of the pan, about 35 minutes. Transfer the pan to a wire rack and let cool. Transfer the cake from the pan to a serving plate and dust with powdered sugar.nFor the Balsamic Syrup: Place the sugar, balsamic vinegar, and rosemary in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and simmer until the sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes. Discard the rosemary sprig and let the syrup cool.nTo serve, place a slice of cake on a serving plate spoon some syrup around the plate., ingredients: [12 cup fine yellow cornmeal, 12 cup cake flour, 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14 cups powdered sugar, plus more for dusting, 4 large egg yolks, 2 large eggs, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 small sprig fresh rosemary], title: Cornmeal and Rosemary Cake with Balsamic Syrup, picturelink: wCcnCNXSKfeCtPHPPpIVY6bi42MJQQ6}, 9778: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a coffee grinder, pulse spices until well combined and slightly coarse add sea salt. Rub prime rib thoroughly with spices, coating entirely.nPour oil over roast. Gently rub in. Sear prime rib in a heavy saute pan on all three sides about 2 to 3 minutes each side. Place pan in oven. Cook for 1 12 hours until you reach an internal temperature of 135 degrees F.nRemove from oven and place on hot grill for an additional 15 minutes to grab grill flavor and caramelize the surface of the meat. Remove from grill and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Serve with the Horseradish Sauce.nIn a medium sized bowl, mix together all ingredients and serve with Prime Rib. Place in refrigerator until ready to serve., ingredients: [6 pounds Prime Rib with bone, remove excess fat, 2 tablespoons fennel seed, 2 tablespoons whole coriander seed, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 1 tablespoons caraway seed, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 14 cup coarse sea salt, 14 cup grapeseed oil, Horseradish Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons freshly grated horseradish, 8 ounces sour cream drained, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon black pepper, Salt, Dash hot sauce], title: OvenRoasted Prime Rib with Horseradish Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9779: {instructions: Spray a wok with cooking spray. Heat over medium heat until hot. Add the onions and garlic powder. Stirfry for 1 minute.nAdd the pork and stirfry for 4 minutes. Toss in all of the vegetables stirfry until the vegetables are tender, about 3 minutes.nWhisk the chicken broth, cornstarch, and soy sauce in a small bowl. Add this mixture to the wok and stir until the mixture boils and thickens.nTransfer the lo mein to a serving bowl and serve with the udon noodles., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 6 green onions, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 34 pound pork, sliced thinly, 4 cups cabbage, shredded, 1 cup shredded carrots, 1 cup trimmed snow peas, 1 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons reduced sodium soy sauce, 12 pound cooked udon noodles], title: Pork Lo Mein, picturelink: null}, 9780: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace cream and butter in pot and bring to a rolling boil. Remove from heat and let cool. Stir in melted dark chocolate. Mix with a beater until smooth. Add vanilla and mix again until smooth. Refrigerate until the mixture has become solid enough to scoop, at least 4 hours. Scoop out small balls and roll in cocoa powder. Place in candy cups to serve. Keep refrigerated., ingredients: [1 pint heavy whipping cream, 12 tablespoon butter, 1 pound dark chocolate, finely chopped, 14 ounce pure vanilla, Cocoa powder], title: Chocolate Mousse Truffles, picturelink: gnvzPWL9ClYbJ.h456ZzxiBcl0Zcp2}, 9781: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 9782: {instructions: Beat the yolks together with the brown sugar in a glass or metal bowl. Add the maple syrup, set over a water bath, and cook, whisking, until the mixture reaches custard consistency and coats a spoon, about 15 minutes. It should be quite thick. Remove from the heat and stir in the gelatin. Set aside to cool completely. This is important: if the mixture is warm it will deflate the egg whites.nIn a separate bowl, beat the egg whites to peaks. In another bowl, do the same with the heavy cream. Fold them alternately into the custard mixture. Turn the mixture into a serving bowl. Cover, and chill for at least 4 hours before serving. Or, alternatively, you could pipe the mousse into parfait glasses and chill., ingredients: [4 eggs, separated, 14 cup55 g brown sugar, 1 14 cups300 ml maple syrup, 1 tablespoon powdered gelatin, dissolved in 2 tablespoons warm water, 1 12 cups375 ml heavy cream], title: Maple Mousse, picturelink: null}, 9783: {instructions: In a mixing glass muddle 45 basil leaves and add 1 ounce simple syrup. Muddle again. Add one ounce fresh lime juice, 2 bar spoons orange marmalade and 1 12 ounce Partida tequila. Add ice and shake. Strain into rocks glass filled with ice. Garnish with lime wedge., ingredients: [1 ounce simple syrup, 45 basil leaves, 1 ounce fresh lime juice, 2 bar spoonfuls of orange marmalade, 1 12 ounces Partida tequila, Lime wedge for garnish], title: Don Quixote, picturelink: InK4lsODpkB3mvcZJAVllFUa47HIslm}, 9784: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nButter an 8 by 8 by 2inch glass baking dish. Set aside.nPlace the bread cubes in the prepared baking dish. Bring the milk to a simmer in a large heavy saucepan. Remove from the heat. Add the chocolate and whisk until melted and smooth.nUsing an electric hand mixer, beat the sugar, eggs, and egg yolks in a medium bowl until blended. Gradually whisk the chocolate mixture into the egg mixture. Add the raisins and cinnamon. Pour the custard over the bread. Let the mixture stand for 1 hour some custard will not be absorbed. Can be prepared and refrigerated for up to 2 hours ahead.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBake until just set and the center moves slightly when the dish is shaken, about 45 minutes. Dust with powdered sugar and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, for greasing, 5 cups 1inch bread cubes, preferably 1 day old from about 3 bolillo rolls or 34 of a loaf of French bread, 2 34 cups whole milk, 2 3.1ounce discs Mexican chocolate, chopped recommended: Ibarra, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 whole eggs, 3 large egg yolks, 13 cup raisins, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Mexican Chocolate Bread Pudding, picturelink: 7XcNsOQ1qvw6asYMwyRiV1bRSXNjLdu}, 9785: {instructions: Preheat the oil in a deep fryer to 310 degrees F. You can also use a deep castiron skillet filled halfway with canola oil.nIn one shallow dish, add the flour. In a second shallow dish add the buttermilk and whole milk. In a third shallow dish, add the cracker meal. Dredge the fish into flour, then the milk and then the cracker meal. Fry the fish until golden brown and cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove and drain the on a papertowellined plate.nPlace each piece of fish on a toasted and buttered bun, and top with Tartar Sauce and serve with coleslaw and pickles.nIn the bowl of a food processor, add the onions and parsley and pulse until finely chopped. Add the mayonnaise, relish, sugar, hot sauce and salt. Mix until evenly incorporated., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 2 6ounce pieces haddock, 1 cup flour, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup whole milk, 1 cup cracker meal, 2 hamburger bun, toasted and buttered, Tarter Sauce, recipe follows, Coleslaw, for serving, Dill sandwich pickles, for serving, 3 yellow onions, 14 cup fresh parsley, 8 cups mayonnaise, 1 cup relish, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Haddock Fish Sandwich, picturelink: GZCNIQHU77LYss.jPnMZiN7rR65PlWy}, 9786: {instructions: Set the ice cream out on counter for about 30 to 45 minutes to soften, but not melt.nCrush the cookies in a food processor along with the butter.nSpray a 9 by 5inch loaf pan with cooking spray and line it with waxed paper so that the paper covers sides and is taller than pan. The paper should fall over the sides of pan. Press the crushed cookies into the bottom of the pan to make a thick layer. Do not allow the cookies to go up the sides.nLayer the ice cream in the order you prefer. I usually do coffee, chocolate, and then the vanilla. Smooth out each layer before pouring in the next flavor of ice cream to make a level surface for the next layer. Fill the pan with the last layer so that the ice cream is level with the sides of the pan.nCover with plastic wrap and place in the freezer until the ice cream is firm and solid, at least 5 to 6 hours. I usually start this in the morning to serve as a dessert after dinner.nOnce the ice cream is firm and solid remove the plastic wrap. Dip pan into warm water to make it easy to remove, but do not let water get inside the pan. Invert onto a decorative plate, using the waxed paper to ease the cake out of the pan. Remove the waxed paper and serve., ingredients: [Pint coffee ice cream, Pint chocolate ice cream, Pint vanilla ice cream, 20 chocolate cookies recommended: Oreo, 12 cup soft butter, Cooking spray, Whipping topping, optional, 12 to 1 teaspoon coffee liqueur, optional], title: O Choco Cafe Cake  SemiHomemaker Recipe, picturelink: null}, 9787: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor to combine. Add the shortening and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal. Add the butter and pulse a few times until it is in peasize pieces. Add the egg yolk and u00bd cup ice water and pulse a few times until the dough just begins to clump together add up to u00bc cup more water, 1 tablespoon at a time, as needed. Lay out 2 sheets of plastic wrap put about threequarters of the dough on one sheet and the remaining dough on the other. Gently pat each into a rectangle, using the plastic wrap to help you. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours.nRoll out the larger piece of dough into a 13by19inch rectangle about u00bf inch thick on a lightly floured surface. Ease into an 11by17inch jelly roll pan, leaving a 1inch overhang.nMake the filling: Pulse the nuts in a food processor until roughly chopped. Combine with the chocolate chunks in a bowl, then evenly sprinkle the mixture over the crust. Whisk the melted butter, eggs, brown sugar, corn syrup, lemon juice and vanilla in a bowl pour over the nut mixture.nRoll out the smaller piece of dough into a 10by12inch rectangle on a lightly floured surface cut out ten 1inchwide strips of dough. Lay 5 strips diagonally over the filling, about 2 inches apart, then lay the remaining strips perpendicular to them. Trim the strips at the edge of the baking sheet use the trimmings to extend any strips that are too short. Fold in the overhang and crimp the edges with your fingers. Brush the edges and the strips of dough with heavy cream. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bake until the crust is golden and the filling is set, 40 to 45 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely, at least 2 hours.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 13 cup granulated sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, 13 cup cold vegetable shortening, 2 sticks plus 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 large egg yolk, 12 to 34 cup ice water, 4 cups salted roasted mixed nuts, 2 cups semisweet chocolate chunks about 10 ounces, 1 stick plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 4 large eggs, 1 14 cups packed light brown sugar, 1 cup light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, Heavy cream, for brushing], title: ChocolateNut Slab Pie, picturelink: U7TByj2yQrTVIdX4l1q.F6psqwBbH1O}, 9788: {instructions: Combine all ingredients and pour over the pork. Refrigerate for 24 to 48 hours. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In hot saute pan with 2 tablespoons of peanut oil, brown pork loin on all sides. Place it in the oven for 30 to 45 minutes until internal temperature reaches 150 degrees F. Remove pork from the oven let rest on a rack for 10 minutes. Slice.nReduce orange juice to 13 cup. Combine sugar, ginger, jalapeno, orange zest and rice wine vinegar. Cook in a 1quart pot until its a mediumdark amber color. Stir in orange juice, butter and salt. Strain through a sieve and keep warm. Arrange pork on serving platter and drizzle with sauce., ingredients: [4 cups water, 12 cup soy sauce, 4 shallots, sliced, 12 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup olive oil, 2 star anise, crushed, 1 sprig marjoram, 1 sprig rosemary, 1 3 to 4 pound pork loin boneless center cut, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cup sugar, 2 ounces ginger, chopped, 1 small jalapeno, chopped, 1 small orange, zested, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 ounces unsalted sweet butter, cubed, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Pork with Orange Jalapeno Glaze, picturelink: null}, 9789: {instructions: Mix 3 eggs in a ceramic bowl. Add nutmeg and lemon zest. Beat this mixture with a wire whip. Add the cheese and the bread crumbs. Add salt to taste. This consistency should be the same as a potato puree. If it comes out too hard, add some broth to soften it and if it comes out too soft, add some more bread crumbs. Heat the broth. While boiling, strain the dough using a strainer with large holes 38 of an inch diameter directly into the boiling broth and lower the flame to avoid breakage which can occur from water that is boiling very rapidly. If you wish to save any leftovers, take a flat dish and sprinkle it with some bread crumbs and a pinch of flour. Place the Passatelli on it, cover with plastic wrap and freeze immediately., ingredients: [3 whole eggs, Nutmeg, to taste, 1 lemon, zested, 4 ounces ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 4 ounces bread crumbs, Salt to taste, 1 quart broth either chicken, meat, vegetable], title: Passatelli, picturelink: null}, 9790: {instructions: Marinate the onion in the lime juice and set aside.nIn a frying pan heat up olive oil to a very high temperature, then fry the plantains until they become golden colored on both sides, making sure to turn them several times.nArrange the fried plantains on a serving platter and top off with marinated onion., ingredients: [I red onion, thinly sliced into rings, 12 cup fresh lime juice, Olive oil, 2 large ripe plantains, sliced on a bias], title: Maduros, picturelink: null}, 9791: {instructions: Combine the spice seeds and bay leaves in a piece of cheesecloth and tie to form sachet.nIn a large pot combine water, salt, pepper, vinegar, lemons, cayenne pepper, onion, celery and spice sachet and bring to a boil. Allow mixture to boil for 20 minutes. Add crawfish and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from heat, cover and let stand for 15 minutes. Drain and serve with hot sauce.nBoiling liquid may be cooled, refrigerated, and reused once., ingredients: [2 tablespoons each of coriander seeds, cumin seeds, mustard seeds and dill seeds, 3 bay leaves, 6 quarts water, 14 cup kosher salt, 3 tablespoons ground black pepper, 14 cup cider vinegar, 2 whole lemons, 4 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 1 small onion spiked with 10 cloves, 3 celery ribs, 5 pounds fresh live Louisiana crawfish, Hot sauce, storebought], title: Crawfish Boil, picturelink: null}, 9792: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the ravioli and cook according to package directions. Drain and set aside. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Crush the tomatoes with your hands and add them along with all the juices from the can to the pot. Add the whole sprig of basil, 34 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste. Cook, simmering, until the tomatoes are softened and the sauce is thickened slightly, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, season with the sugar and additional salt and pepper.nIn a medium bowl, mix the ricotta cheese with the Parmesan, egg, torn basil and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper.nLightly mist a medium rectangular or oval baking dish about 9by11inch with nonstick cooking spray. Lay half the ravioli in the bottom of the dish the ravioli will be layered on top of each other. Remove the sprig of basil from the sauce. Spread half the ricotta mixture over the ravioli and top with half the sauce and half the grated cheese. Repeat with the remaining ravioli, ricotta and sauce. Cover with aluminum foil and bake until bubbly, about 45 minutes. Remove the foil and sprinkle with the remaining cheese. Continue to bake until the cheese is melted, about 10 minutes. Let stand at least 10 minutes. Garnish with extra torn basil. Slice and serve with a green salad., ingredients: [One 20ounce package refrigerated cheese ravioli, such as Buitoni family size, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, One 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, 1 sprig fresh basil plus 12 cup torn, and extra for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch granulated sugar, One 15ounce container ricotta cheese, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 large egg, Nonstick cooking spray, 8 ounces mozzarella cheese, grated, Green salad, for serving], title: Cheesy Ravioli Lasagna, picturelink: psqm0UHUi6mX.ZQg88WKzWLrLtUlhvK}, 9793: {instructions: Position a rack on the shelf closest to the broiler, and preheat the broiler to high heat.nToss the tomatoes with the vinegar, and 1 teaspoon of the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper set aside.nWarm a medium nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Whisk the egg whites in a large bowl until foamy and doubled in volume season with salt and pepper and whisk in the parsley. Add the remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil to the skillet. Pour the whites into the skillet and swirl to cover entire skillet. Cook, without stirring, until the whites are almost set and light brown on the bottom, about 3 minutes.nTransfer the skillet under the broiler and cook until the omelet sets and begins to brown, about 30 seconds. Spoon half of the tomato salad onto half of the omelet and fold the omelet over the filling. Transfer omelet to a serving platter and scatter the remaining tomato salad on top. Serve with the baby greens on the side., ingredients: [12 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 5 large egg whites or 1 12 cups egg whites, 14 cup roughly chopped flatleaf parsley leaves, 3 cups mixed baby greens or mesclun], title: Herbed Egg White Omelet with Tomatoes, picturelink: lKxR2yhtzfidPptC0UxRgMsm.cuxAiu}, 9794: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the filling: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a large shallow casserole dish, or 6 individual casserole dishes with cooking spray. Season the chicken with 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper. In a large nonstick skillet, heat 2 teaspoons of the oil over a mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken to the pan and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Transfer the chicken with its juices to a bowl. . Add 2 more teaspoons of oil to the same pan and heat it over a mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, carrots and celery and cook until the vegetables begin to soften, about 3 minutes. Add the green beans, garlic and remaining salt and pepper and cook for 2 minute more. Add the milk. Stir the flour into the broth until it is completely dissolved and add to the pan. Cook, stirring, until the mixture comes to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook for 2 minutes more. Return the chicken with its juices back to the pan. Add the peas and thyme and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spoon the mixture into the baking dish or individual dishes.nTo make the crust: Put the wholewheat flour, allpurpose flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt into a food processor and pulse a few times to combine. Add the butter and pulse about 12 times, or until pebble sized pieces are formed. Add the buttermilk then oil to the food processor and pulse until just moistened. Do not over mix. Drop the batter in 6 mounds on top of the chicken mixture 1 mound on each individual dish, if using spreading the batter out slightly. Bake until filling is bubbling and the biscuit topping is golden brown, about 20 minutes.nExcellent source of: Protein, Fiber, Vitamin A, Riboflavin, Niacin, Vitamin B6, Vitamin C, Vitamin K, Manganese, Phosphorus, Potassium, Selenium Good source of: Thiamin, Vitamin B12, Folate, Pantothenic Acid, Calcium, Iodine, Iron, Magnesium, Zinc, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 12inch chunks, 4 teaspoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 medium carrots, chopped, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 12 pound green beans, trimmed and chopped into 12inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 cups lowfat milk, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup peas, thawed if frozen, 1 12 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup wholewheat flour, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup lowfat buttermilk], title: Chicken and Biscuit Pot Pie, picturelink: KsYJOe3voy4EloURAsT0IL5npyCzB2a}, 9795: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Wrap outside of 9 inch diameter springform pan withn2 34inch high sides with foil. Mix graham cracker crumbs, 1 12 cups coconut, 1 tablespoon lemon juice and butter in small bowl. Press mixture onto bottom and up sides of pan.nBeat cream cheese and sugar in large bowl until well blended. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add cream of coconut, cream, 1 cup coconut, vanilla extract and lemon juice and beat until well blended. Pour filling into crust. Bake until puffed and set in center, about 1 hour 25 minutes. Transfer to rack and cool completely. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nCut around pan sides to loosen cake. Remove pan sides. Sprinkle remaining coconut around edge of cake., ingredients: [1 12 cups graham cracker crumbs, 3 cups sweetened shredded coconut, toasted, 1 tablespoon fresh squeezed lemon juice, 2 pounds cream cheese, room temperature, 4 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 13 cup unsalted butter melted, 1 15ounce can cream of coconut such as Coco Lopez, 1 cup whipping cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Juice of 1 lemon], title: Coconut Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 9796: {instructions: Cut avocado in half all around and down to the pit. Twist the avocado to separate the halves. Hit the pit with your knife to pop it out. Scoop the avocado out of each half of skin with a large spoon. Slice the avocado and squeeze a little lemon juice on it to retard the browning. Reserve the avocado.nSeason the scallops of veal with salt and pepper. Heat the extravirgin olive oil and butter in a large skillet over medium to medium high heat. Add the veal and cook 2 minutes on each side. Remove the veal to a platter or individual plates. Add vermouth or wine to the pan and deglaze it, lifting up any color or veal bits. Add cream and stir it in. Turn off the heat and let cream bubble 1 minute. Arrange the avocado on the scallops of veal. Strap the meat and avocado with sauce and garnish with a generous sprinkle of chopped thyme or chives., ingredients: [1 ripe Hass avocado, 1 wedge fresh lemon, 23 pound veal scallops, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 tablespoon butter, cut into pieces, 14 cup dry vermouth or white wine, 3 to 4 tablespoons cream, 3 turns of the pan, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, to garnish, 2 tablespoons chopped or snipped chives, to garnish], title: Veal and Avocado, picturelink: null}, 9797: {instructions: In a very large bowl, combine the shredded green cabbage with the shredded red cabbage, shredded carrots, chopped bell peppers, and celery. Mix to combine all the vegetables evenly. Then stir in the sugar, red wine vinegar, black pepper and Miracle Whip. Taste and adjust seasonings. Serve thoroughly chilled., ingredients: [6 heads green cabbage, cleaned, cored and shredded, 1 head purple cabbage, cleaned, cored and shredded, 4 large carrots, peeled and shredded, 3 red or orange bell peppers, cored and finely chopped, 2 stalks of celery, tops removed, and chopped finely, 1 pound sugar, more to taste, 34 cup red wine vinegar, or to taste, 6 tablespoons black pepper, more to taste, 8 cups Miracle Whip salad dressing, more to taste], title: Rudy Mikeskas Coleslaw, picturelink: null}, 9798: {instructions: In a noncorrosive pot, combine all ingredients except fish. Bring to the boil, reduce, and simmer for 30 minutes. Add fish to simmering brine and poach 12 minutes before removing from the heat.nLet stand to cool 1 hour before placing in a noncorrosive container large enough to hold all the liquid. Cover container and refrigerate fish totally submerged in brine for 3 days.nServe with black bread, sour cream, and onions., ingredients: [2 cups dry white wine, 1 cup white vinegar, 1 cup water, 12 cup fine sea salt, 12 cup light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons pickling spice, 2 to 3 dry hot peppers, 1 large onion, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 2 pounds scaled and gutted fresh herring], title: Home Cured Herring, picturelink: null}, 9799: {instructions: Pit the cherries, then macerate them in a large bowl with the kirsch and sugar for 1 hour or so. If using jarred cherries, strain and reserve 14 cup juice to mix with the cornstarch. Pour off the juice that has collected into a smaller bowl and stir in the sifted cornstarch to thicken it. Return the thickened juice to the cherries.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nDivide the dough into roughly 23 and 13. Roll out the larger piece for the bottom of the pie and drop it into a greased pie pan. Pour in the cherry mixture. Roll out the second piece of dough and place it over the cherries, crimping the edges together well with the tines of a fork. Brush the top with beaten egg, then sprinkle the demerara. Make a couple of slashes in the crust for the steam to escape and bake the pie for about 40 minutes or until the top has browned. Serve warm or at room temperature with clotted or whipped cream, or a la mode with homemade vanilla ice cream.nUse approximately twice the weight of all purpose flour preferably organic to unsalted butter. Some recipes call for half butter, half lard.nSift the flour and a pinch of sea salt into a food processor, then cut the cold butter into small pieces on top of it. I process it for 20 to 30 seconds, then add icecold water through the top, a tablespoon at a time, 2 to 2 12 minutes should be enough for about 10 ounces of dough, with the machine running. If the paste is still in crumbly little bits after 1 or 2 minutes, add a tablespoon more water, but remember, the more water you use, the more the crust will shrink if you bake it blind. One solution is to use a bit of cream or egg yolk instead of water. The moment the dough has cohered into a single ball, stop, remove it, wrap it in plastic wrap and put it in the fridge for at least 30 minutes.nIf youre making pastry dough by hand, sift the flour into a large bowl with the salt, add the chopped butter, and work as briskly as you can to rub the fat into the flour. Use the tip of your fingers only, rather like running grains of hot sand through your fingers. Add the water bit by bit as above wrap and chill the dough.nIf youre making a double crust pie, divide the dough into roughly 23 and 13. Then scatter a bit of flour on your work surface, roll your rolling pin in it, dust the palms of your hands, and start rolling. Always roll away from yourself, tuning the dough as you go, and keep the rolling pin and work surface floured to prevent sticking.nPreheat the oven to 375 to 400 degrees F.nLine your greased pie pan with dough. Never stretch it it will stretch back. Try to leave at least 30 minutes for the unbaked dough to commune with the inside of your fridge. Or put it in the night before you need it.nTear off a piece of waxed paper a little larger than the pie pan and place it over the dough. Cover the paper with a layer of dried beans the idea is to prevent the pastry from rising up in the oven. When the dough is nearly cooked the timing depends on the rest of the recipe, remove the paper and beans and prick the bottom of the pie shell to let out trapped air that would otherwise bubble up. Return the tart to the oven for 5 to 10 minutes to dry the bottom. Brushing the partly baked pie shell with a light coating of beaten egg or egg white ensure a crisp finished tart., ingredients: [1 pound and 10 ounces sour cherries, prepitted weight or 6 cups frozen or jarred, 1 to 2 tablespoons kirsch, 12 cup raw sugar, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, Shortcrust pastry dough made with 2 12 cups allpurpose flour and 23 cup unsalted butter, recipe follows, Beaten egg, for glaze, 1 tablespoon demerara sugar], title: SugarTopped Cherry Pie, picturelink: W.PkDcaiyCt6XG2WfE.JCfyzc8VEIse}, 9800: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPut Brussels sprouts, whole garlic cloves, thyme, and olive oil together in a bowl. Toss to combine, and season with the salt and pepper, to taste.nEmpty the bowl onto a shallow baking pan and roast until tender and edges just start to brown, about 35 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds brussels sprouts, washed and trimmed, large sprouts halved, 1 head garlic, cleaned, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: null}, 9801: {instructions: Place chick peas in a bowl, cover with water by at least 2 inches, and soak overnight.nDrain the chick peas and place in a large saucepan. Rinse the cracked wheat under cold running water, and add to saucepan, along with 2 12 cups of cold water. Bring to a boil, then simmer, uncovered, for 30 minutes.nRinse the lentils under cold running water, and add to chick peas and cracked wheat. Pour in the 4 cups of boiling water, and simmer another 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, wash the chard, cut off the thick stems and finely chop them. Add chopped stems to saucepan and simmer for 5 minutes. Finely chop the leaves, add them to the saucepan, and simmer an additional 25 minutes. Add the lemon juice, salt, pepper, pureed garlic and mint, stir well and simmer 5 minutes. Remove soup from the heat, and adjust the seasonings. If soup is too thick, add more boiling water. Serve warm or cold., ingredients: [14 cup dried chick peas, 14 cup cracked wheat, 1 cup dried red lentils, 4 cups boiling water, 1 bunch Swiss chard, or other greens such as dandelion or amaranth, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon Near East or Aleppo pepper, 12 teaspoon pureed garlic, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint], title: Sour Soup, picturelink: null}, 9802: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 heavy large baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, oats, cinnamon, baking soda, salt and allspice. Stir to blend well. In a large bowl, combine the sugar, pumpkin puree, oil, syrup and vanilla whisk to blend. Using a flexible rubber spatula, gradually stir the dry ingredients into the pumpkin mixture. Stir in the raisins.nFor each cookie, drop 1 generous tablespoon of batter onto the prepared baking sheet, spacing the mounds about 1 inch apart or use a mini ice cream scoop. Using moistened fingertips, flatten each to a 2inchdiameter round. Sprinkle each cookie with a bit more raw sugar.nBake the cookies until brown and a bit firm to the touch, 17 to 20 minutes. Using a metal spatula, transfer the cookies to a rack and cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 23 cup oldfashioned oats, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 34 cup raw sugar, plus additional for sprinkling, 12 cup canned pumpkin puree, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup raisins], title: Spiced PumpkinRaisin Cookies, picturelink: tLQCGYgtyISqoSH35GUMD4UZNnqofW6}, 9803: {instructions: In a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. When it is hot, add the sausage pieces and cook until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Turn the heat to medium and add the reserved tomatoes, reserved beans and chicken broth. Cook until everything is hot and bubbling, 3 to 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small skillet over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the breadcrumbs and cook, stirring frequently, until they are browned, about 5 minutes.nTo serve, divide the sausage and beans into 2 bowls and spoon the breadcrumbs on top.nCook the bacon in a large skillet, working in batches, until it is crisp. Drain on a plate lined with a brown paper bag or paper towels. Chop into 12inch pieces.nRemove all except 1 tablespoon of the bacon fat from the skillet and put it over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until they are soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for about 1 minute, being careful not to let the garlic burn. Add the tomatoes and beans and cook until the beans are heated through, about 2 minutes. Stir in the bacon and parsley. Reserve 1 12 cups for the Round 2 Recipe French Bean Stew., ingredients: [2 teaspoons canola oil, 2 sausage links, any kind, cut into 12inchthick rounds, 4 roasted tomato halves, 1 12 cups beans with bacon, from Beans and Bacon Macaroni, recipe follows, 12 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 14 cup breadcrumbs, 8 ounces bacon, Kosher salt, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 plum tomatoes, chopped, Two 15ounce cans red beans, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Round 2 Recipe: French Stew, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 9804: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a frying pan over medium heat. Meanwhile, spread butter on both slices of bread.nOnce the pan is warm, add 1 piece of bread, buttered side down, and top with cheese and peach slices. Cover with a few arugula leaves, if using. Allow to cook until golden brown and crisp, about 3 to 4 minutes.nClose the sandwich with another slice of bread, buttered side up, then flip and cook until bread is toasted and cheese is melted, another 4 to 5 minutes.nCut the sandwich in half and serve immediately., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, softened, Slices country bread, Blue cheese, Peach or pear, thinly sliced, Baby arugula or watercress leaves, optional], title: No Recipe Recipe: Grilled Blue Cheese and Fruit, picturelink: lp1aY1N3LQzUAVWBjDiSkUMn05mACZe}, 9805: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 F. Butter a 1 12 quart gratin dish and set it aside.nMake the sauce. In medium sauce pan, heat the milk with the onion, bay leaf, and thyme to just below the boiling point. Set aside. In another medium pan, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat, and then sift in the flour. Cook the mixture, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon in a figure8 motion, until it lightens in color, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool slightly.nGradually whisk the milk mixture into the flour mixture. Bring to a boil over medium high heat, whisking to prevent lumps. Reduce heat to low, and simmer, whisking occasionally, until the sauce is thickened, about 10 minutes.nWhile the sauce simmers, bring a medium pot of water to a boil, season with salt, and add the cauliflower. Cook until tender, about 4 to 5 minutes. Drain and pat dry. Arrange the cauliflower, floretsside up, in the buttered gratin dish.nStrain the sauce and season it with a teaspoon salt, pepper, nutmeg, and cayenne to taste. Whisk in the cheese, 1 tablespoon of the butter, and the Cognac until smooth, taking care not to over mix. Pour the cheese sauce over the cauliflower.nMelt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a small saucepan. In a medium bowl, mix the bread crumbs with the butter to coat evenly. Sprinkle the top of the cauliflower with the buttered breadcrumbs. Bake until the top of the cauliflower gratin is golden brown and bubbly, about 20 to 25 minutes. Let rest for 5 minutes before serving. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 12 cups milk, 14 small onion, studded with 1 clove, 1 small bay leaf, 1 small sprig fresh thyme, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 3 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 head cauliflower, trimmed and cut into 1 12inch florets about 7 12 cups, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, 1 generous cup finely grated Gruyere cheese about 3 ounces, 1 teaspoon Cognac or brandy, Pinch of cayenne, 4 gratings of fresh nutmeg, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon minced fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Cauliflower Gratin, picturelink: null}, 9806: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mist an 8inch square baking dish with cooking spray.nBring a few inches of water to a boil in a pot with a large steamer basket in place. Put the sweet potatoes in the basket, cover and steam until tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer the potatoes to a bowl and let cool slightly. Add the honey, egg, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, the nutmeg, ginger and 12 teaspoon salt whip with an electric mixer until smooth. Spread the sweet potato mixture in the prepared baking dish.nMix the brown sugar, pecans and the remaining 12 teaspoon cinnamon in a bowl sprinkle over the potatoes. Bake until hot and beginning to brown around the edges, 40 to 45 minutes.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 3 12 pounds sweet potatoes about 5 medium, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 13 cup honey, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 18 teaspoon ground ginger, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon packed dark brown sugar, 13 cup finely chopped pecans], title: Sweet PotatoPecan Casserole, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 9807: {instructions: Mix the parsley, thyme, rosemary, garlic, shallots, black peppercorns and pink peppercorns together in a bowl. Add the olive oil to cover the herbsspices. Set aside 2 tablespoons of the marinade.nPlace the chicken thighs in a resealable plastic bag. Add the marinade and marinate overnight in the refrigerator.nPreheat the grill to medium.nRemove the chicken thighs from the marinade, pat with a paper towel and place, fleshyside down, on the hot grill. Grill until cooked through, turning once, 7 to 8 minutes per side. Finish with the reserved 2 tablespoons of marinade and some flaky salt. Serve on top of your favorite salad., ingredients: [2 cups fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 8 large sprigs fresh thyme, chopped, 4 large sprigs fresh rosemary, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small shallot, diced, 2 tablespoons cracked black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons cracked pink peppercorns, 1 14 cups extravirgin olive oil, 8 skinon chicken thighs, Flaky salt, such as Maldon, for seasoning, Salad, for serving], title: Marinated Chicken Thighs, picturelink: MsEGMocSzp7BM00tY2Vl9zvMTbqwWqq}, 9808: {instructions: Bring some oil to a simmer in a pot. While thats heating up, crush the chips to crumbs with a food processor or a mortar and pestle. Transfer the chips to a shallow bowl, add about 13 cup water and stir to make a batter.nCoat the mozzarella sticks with the batter and deepfry them in the oil until they are golden brown, about 5 minutes. Pat down the excess oil with a paper towel and serve with a dipping sauce of your choice., ingredients: [Oil, for frying, 1 small bag nacho cheeseflavored tortilla chips, 4 mozzarella string cheese sticks], title: Nacho ChipBattered Flautas, picturelink: null}, 9809: {instructions: First, make a roux. In a mediumsize cast iron skillet, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Stir in the flour. Cook, stirring often, about 15 to 20 minutes until the roux is deep brown in color. Watch the mixture closely and adjust the heat to keep from burning. Remove from heat and set aside.nMeanwhile, in an 8quart pot, combine the chicken and water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer 30 to 45 minutes, until the chicken is cooked through. Remove the chicken from the pot and set aside to cool.nAdd the turkey sausage, tomatoes, onion, bell pepper, bay leaves, rosemary, thyme, and crushed red pepper to the pot. Simmer for 30 minutes. Stir in the roux into the gumbo, a spoonful at a time. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Simmer 20 to 30 minutes longer. While the gumbo is simmering, remove the skin and bones from the cooled chicken. Tear the chicken into bitesize pieces. Add the chicken, shrimp, and crabs to the pot, and cook for 5 minutes, until the shrimp is cooked through. Stir in the file powder, cooking just until the gumbo is slightly thickened.nIn large soup plates, ladle the gumbo over scoops of hot rice. Sprinkle with chopped parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 3pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 3 quarts water, 1 pound smoked turkey sausage, cut into 12inch slices, 6 medium tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 large green bell pepper, chopped, 3 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 Dungeness crabs, cooked, cleaned, and cracked, 2 to 3 tablespoons file powder, 8 cups hot cooked basmati rice, 12 cup chopped parsley], title: Danny Glovers Seafood Gumbo, picturelink: null}, 9810: {instructions: Special equipment: 5 pounds charcoal briquettes if using charcoal Lighter fluid if using charcoalnIf using charcoal, pile the charcoal in a pyramid. Ignite the charcoal with lighter fluid. Once the top portion of the charcoal has turned white, spread the charcoal out evenly using a fireproof tool such as a metal rake or shovel. Spread the coals over half of the bottom of the grill, leaving the other half empty. If using a gas grill, only ignite one side of the burners.nEvenly spread the meat seasoning over both sides of the ribs. Let stand in the refrigerator unless using right away. Place the ribs over the area where there is no charcoal or the side of the grill that is not hot. Cover and turn every 20 minutes for approximately 1 to 1 12 hours. For the last 10 minutes of cooking, baste ribs with the barbecue sauce and cover again. Turn the ribs over and baste again. Do this every 2 minutes.nWhile on grill, cut the ribs up individually and baste 1 last time., ingredients: [6 pounds pork ribs baby back or spareribs, 1 tablespoon barbecue meat seasoning, 1 16ounce bottle barbecue sauce], title: Barbecued Ribs, picturelink: null}, 9811: {instructions: Trim the ends from the zucchini and cut into quarters lengthwise. Season with salt and pepper. Wrap each piece tightly in prosciutto.nHeat the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat until hot. Add the zucchini and saute until the prosciutto is crispy but the zucchini is still nearly raw, about 5 minutes.nDrizzle drops of Mango Sauce and Caramelized Onion Sauce alternately on the zucchini batons. Serve about 4 batons per person. Serve immediately.nHeat a dry saute pan on the stove over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is hot, tilt the pan and add the extravirgin olive oil. Add the onions, gray salt, and a twist of pepper. Lower the heat to medium and saute, stirring occasionally, for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the onions are caramelized.nAdd 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme, if using, at end of cooking. Remove from the heat and transfer to a blender see Chefs Tip. Cover the blender tightly. Place a towel over the top of the blender and hold down. Pureeing hot liquids can be dangerous as they can burst from the blender and scald you. Puree the onions until smooth, adding a little water if the sauce is too thick.nWhatever the finished volume is of onions, add 25 percent Champagne vinegar and puree until smooth. Caramelized Onion sauce can be stored in refrigerator up to a month.nChefs Tip: you can replace vinegar with lemon juice.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth.nChefs Tip: this is a ratio, not a recipe. Whatever finished volume is, vinegar is 25 percent Example: 2 cups mangoes takes 12 cup of vinegarnIn a blender, puree the mangoes, sugar syrup, and salt. Add vinegar and taste for balance. Add more vinegar and thin with water, if necessary. Strain through a fine strainer into a bowl. Mango vinegar can be stored in refrigerator up to a month.nChefs tip: you can use any kind of fruit and vinegar u2013 you can replace vinegar with lemon juice. Herb vinegars dont work in this method.nTo a saucepan add the sugar and water equal parts. Add a pinch of salt and the vanilla beans and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat. Discard the vanilla bean or save for another use.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [24 very thin slices prosciutto, remove all fat, 6 zucchini, each about 8 inches long and of equal diameter, 1 12 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, Gray salt and freshly ground pepper, Caramelized Onion Sauce, recipe follows, Mango Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 yellow onions, minced, Pinch gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme leaves, optional, Champagne vinegar see Chefs Tip, Salt and pepper, 4 large, ripe mangoes, peeled, pitted and cut into 12inch dice about 4 cups, 1 cup vanillascented sugar simple syrup, recipe follows, Pinch gray salt, Twist freshly ground black pepper, Champagne vinegar see Chefs Tip, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups water, Pinch gray salt, 2 vanilla beans, split in half], title: Sauteed Zucchini Batons with Prosciutto Drizzled with Caramelized Onion Sauce and Mango Sauce, picturelink: MCfFswrGySNdTRq1POF7LfZn.Y9hO}, 9812: {instructions: Cut stem end off figs about 12inch down. Use a melon baller or small spoon to hollow out the fig. Chop and reserve the insides of the figs. Set the figs aside. The stem pieces may be saved as hats for the presentation. Heat the olive oil in a medium saute pan. When the oil is hot but not smoking add the fennel. Toss or stir the fennel until golden. Season with salt and a touch of black pepper. Remove the pan from the heat and add the lemon zest, reserved fig insides and tarragon. Finish with the extra virgin olive oil, adding just enough to have the filling bind together. Remove the filling from the pan and let cool. Rinse, then finely chop the green peppercorns. In a small bowl, whisk together the balsamic vinegar, extra virgin olive oil and shallots. Season with salt after adding the peppercorns, as they can be salty. The vinaigrette can be made a day in advance and held refrigerated. Let the vinaigrette sit for about a half hour at room temperature before serving if you have refrigerated it. Just before serving, fill each fig with cooled fennel mixture. Cover with reserved stem pieces if you wish. Place 2 figs on a plate along with a wedge of the cheese. Drizzle the figs with the vinaigrette. Some suggested garnishes are fresh grape leaves, the fine inner leaves of the fennel bulb, or chervil plunches., ingredients: [2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 6 to 8 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon green peppercorns in brine, 2 tablespoons finely minced shallots, Salt], title: Figs with Fennel, Goat Cheese and Green Peppercorn Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 9813: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees.nPlace a 10inch cast iron skillet into the oven.nIn a bowl, combine the cornmeal, salt, sugar, baking powder, and baking soda. Whisk together to combine well.nIn a large bowl, combine the buttermilk, eggs, and creamed corn, whisking together to combine thoroughly. Add the dry ingredients to the buttermilk mixture and stir to combine. If the batter will not pour, add more buttermilk to the batter.nSwirl the canola oil in the hot cast iron skillet. Pour the batter into the skillet. Bake until the cornbread is golden brown and springs back upon the touch, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 eggs, 1 cup creamed corn, 2 tablespoons canola oil], title: Creamed Corn Cornbread, picturelink: Kp1BkrWhDfjuxXdREOY8RI5ZeA5cgUW}, 9814: {instructions: For the pesto, combine all ingredients in a food processor or blender. Puree until the mixture forms a smooth, thick paste. Slice the baguette lengthwise horizontally. Spread the pesto over the cut sides of the baguette and toast in the oven until crispy and golden., ingredients: [2 cups fresh basil leaves, 12 cup grated Parmesan or Romano, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 4 garlic cloves, roughly chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup olive oil, 1 baguette], title: Basil Pesto Bread, picturelink: .JUVYvehXeOCJjOHb4UjPCqDvD2We}, 9815: {instructions: In a saucepan bring the sugar, water and ginger slices to a boil. Turn heat off and let sit 20 minutes to infuse the flavor. Use immediately or store with ginger left in, refrigerated. Make a pot of good first flush Darjeeling tea and sweeten it with the ginger syrup., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 5 slices unpeeled ginger, Darjeeling tea], title: Darjeeling with Ginger Syrup, picturelink: 5pL2Mb.smYhnwvddx8wfKnkJB8.BNum}, 9816: {instructions: Special equipment: a 12count muffin pannPour the egg yolks, sugar and cornstarch into a saucepan and whisk them together. Gradually beat in the cream and milk until smooth. Place the pan over medium heat, and stirring constantly, cook until the mixture thickens and comes to a boil. Switch off the heat, and stir in the vanilla extract. Transfer the custard to a bowl, cover the surface with plastic wrap to prevent a skin from forming, and leave out to cool.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly grease a 12count muffin pan.nHalve the puff pastry sheet horizontally. Set one half on top of the other, and set it aside for 5 minutes. Tightly roll up the puff pastry from short end to short end. Cut the puff pastry log into 12 12inch rounds. Lay each piece on a lightly floured surface, and using a rolling pin, flatten out each round until they are 4inches in diameter. Press each round into each muffin pan. Spoon the cooled custard into the pastry cases, and bake until the pastry and custards are golden, about 20 to 25 minutes. Leave the tarts in the pan for 5 minutes, and then remove and transfer to a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [3 egg yolks, 12 cup caster sugar superfine, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup heavy cream, 23 cup milk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 sheet puff pastry or 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed], title: Portuguese Custard Tarts, picturelink: null}, 9817: {instructions: Prepare a barbecue or preheat a broiler. Cut the eggplants into slices about 12inch thick. Spread on a baking sheet and brush with olive oil on both sides. Set aside.nCut mozzarella in half crosswise, then slice each half about 14inch thick to create halfmoon shaped pieces. Slice tomatoes in the same manner. Arrange tomatoes and mozzarella decoratively around the edge of a large serving platter.nPlace eggplant slices on barbecue or place on baking sheet in broiler and cook, turning once, until nicely charred on each side the eggplant should almost caramelize. Arrange the cooked eggplant down the center of the serving platter, surrounded by the tomatoes and mozzarella. Pluck about 12 large leaves from the basil bunch, stack them, roll them up like a cigar, then slice crosswise into thin shreds chiffonade. Scatter the basil shreds over the vegetables and cheese, then drizzle balsamic vinegar and more olive oil over all. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste, and let stand until eggplant is at room temperature., ingredients: [2 large Italian eggplants, Goodquality olive oil, 12 pound fresh wholemilk mozzarella, 3 large ripe tomatoes, red or yellow or a combination of both, 1 bunch fresh basil, Balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Eggplant with Mozzarella, Tomatoes, and Basil, picturelink: null}, 9818: {instructions: Make the bowls: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Use a paring knife to cut a large circle around the stem of each pumpkin make a zigzag cut, if desired. Remove the lid and scoop out the seeds and fibers. Sprinkle the inside of each with 12 teaspoon each sugar and salt. Place the pumpkins and lids on a baking sheet roast until tender, 20 to 35 minutes, depending on their size.nMeanwhile, make the soup: Melt the butter in a large saucepan over low heat. Add the onion and 1 teaspoon salt. Strip the thyme leaves into the pot, increase the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is soft, about 5 minutes. Add the squash and sugar and cook, stirring, until glazed, 3 to 4 minutes. Add 5 cups water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, until the squash is tender, 15 to 20 minutes.nWorking in batches, transfer the soup to a blender, crack the lid to let steam escape and puree until smooth return to the saucepan or puree directly in the pan with an immersion blender. Stir in the heavy cream, if desired. Season with salt and pepper, and top as desired.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [4 small baking pumpkins such as hooligan or sugar pie, acorn squash or sweet dumpling squash, 2 teaspoons sugar, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 small onion, chopped, Kosher salt, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 medium butternut or kuri squash about 2 pounds, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 teaspoon sugar, 3 tablespoons heavy cream optional, Freshly ground pepper, Pepitas hulled green pumpkin seeds, Sourdough andor pumpernickel croutons, Paprika, chili powder or Spanish pimenton, Crisp prosciutto, serrano ham or bacon, Fried onions, Fried sage or parsley leaves], title: Squash Soup in Pumpkin Bowls, picturelink: olnoxf4bOJ9FJbVolZpxNoRM5o1GOoe}, 9819: {instructions: Wrap each avocado slice with a slice of prosciutto. Sprinkle with olive oil, lemon juice, salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [1 avocado, cut in half, each half sliced into fourths, 8 slices prosciutto, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: ProsciuttoWrapped Avocado, picturelink: ZoRokIkZb1whYHJvh8TyHPUTWIGUa}, 9820: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly grease a 7 by 4 by 3inch loaf pan with oil.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, 1 cup of the evaporated cane juice, the potato starch, arrowroot, baking powder, baking soda, xanthan gum, salt, and 1 tablespoon of the cinnamon. Add the oil, applesauce, vanilla, and 1 cup of hot water to the dry ingredients. Stir until the batter is smooth. Transfer 14 cup of the batter to a small bowl, and add the remaining 14 cup of the evaporated cane juice, 1 tablespoon of cinnamon, and the remaining hot water. Stir until the mixture is creamy.nPour contents of the medium bowl into the prepared loaf pan. Carefully drizzle the batter from the small bowl down the center of the loaf. To create the swirl, take a teaspoon and, starting from 1 end of the loaf pan, move down the length of the pan as you swirl the spoon up and down through the batter. Sprinkle the top with evaporated cane juice. Put the pan in the oven on the center rack and bake for 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and brush the top with a generous amount of oil. Return it to the oven and bake for another 15 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean and the crust is crunchy.nLet the teacake cool in the pan for 20 minutes, then gently run a knife around the edge of the cake. Cover the top of the pan with a cutting board, and invert the cake onto the board. Carefully lift the pan away and reinvert the Teacake onto another cutting board. Either cut and serve warm, or wait until it is completely cool before storing. Cover the uncut teacake with plastic wrap and store at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 cup garbanzofava bean flour, 1 14 cups evaporated cane juice, plus more for sprinkling, 12 cup potato starch, 14 cup arrowroot, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon xanthan gum, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 12 cup coconut oil, plus more for greasing and brushing, 13 cup applesauce, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 1 14 cup hot water], title: GlutenFree Cinnamon Sugar Teacake, picturelink: MjOp7f2WRsSfv1Fr6DxuLM2tAd7ltAO}, 9821: {instructions: To prepare filling: Melt butter in a 10inch castiron skillet over medium heat, add apple slices and cook, stirring frequently, for about 15 minutes. Mix flour, sugars, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in a bowl and gently stir mixture into apples. Continue to cook until apples are soft but not mushy, about 5 minutes.nMix cornstarch and 1 12 cups water together in a small bowl, and stir into apple mixture. Set aside.nTo prepare topping: Mix together flour, 14 cup sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Using 2 knives or a pastry blender, cut in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the milk and vanilla, and quickly blend together with spatula.nTo assemble the pie: Drop heaping tablespoons of biscuit mixture on top of apples, covering most of the center of the mixture. Sprinkle top with remaining sugar and bake in preheated 350degree oven for 25 to 40 minutes, or until top is golden. Remove pie from oven and let stand for at least 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 Golden Delicious apples, plus 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, sliced thin and tossed with 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup brown sugar, firmly packed, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 12 cups water, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup, plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup unsalted butter, chilled, 23 cup milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla], title: B. Smiths Skillet Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 9822: {instructions: In 2 large heavy saute pans heat 2 tablespoons canola oil to almost smoking. To each pan, add half the lobster and plums, toss to evenly caramelize. Add half jalapenos, diced red pepper and garlic. Toss to aroma. Remove from heat and deglaze each pan with 14 cup lowsodium soy. Meanwhile, in a large stainless steel mixing bowl combine the zest of 15 limes, juice of 15 limes, 1 cup toasted sesame oil, 1 cup canola oil, 1 cup chopped cilantro. Add lobster and plum mixture and cool. To assemble: Pack 2 Belgium endive leaves with 1ounce watercress leaves and 2 ounces lobster mixture. Garnish with a sprig of cilantro., ingredients: [1 cup canola oil plus 14 cup, 10 pounds slipper lobster tails, large dice, 15 ripe plums, large dice, 34 cup finely diced jalapeno, 1 cup medium diced red pepper, 14 cup minced garlic, 12 cup lowsodium soy sauce plus 1 cup, 15 limes, zested and juiced, 1 cup toasted sesame oil, 75 sprigs fresh cilantro, leaves chopped, 150 leaves Belgium endive, 2 pounds watercress], title: Sugar Plum Lobster Martini, picturelink: null}, 9823: {instructions: Line a sheet tray with a wire rack. Using kitchen shears or a sharp knife, separate the chicken wings into drummettes and wings, discarding the wing tip joint.nIn a large paper bag add the flour, 2 tablespoons of salt and about 5 grinds of black pepper. In batches, toss the chicken wings in the bag until fully coated with flour. Place the coated wings on the wire rack at room temperature until the flour appears to be invisible or soaked into the skin, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile make the coating: In a small saute pan over mediumlow heat, add the paprika, onion powder, and garlic powder. Toast the spices while tossing constantly to avoid burning until they are fragrant, about 5 minutes. Remove the spices from the heat and allow to cool completely. Once cooled add 12 teaspoon of salt and the sugar. Place in a bowl or paper bag for tossing.nIn a large pot, heat oil until a deep fry thermometer reaches 375 degrees F. Working in batches, add the chicken and fry until cooked through and crispy, 10 to 13 minutes each batch. Remove from oil and immediately add the fried wings to the bowl or paper bag filled with the coating and toss. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 whole chicken wings, 2 cups flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup sweet paprika, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, Kosher salt, 14 cup sugar, 2 quarts vegetable or peanut oil, for frying], title: Sunnys BBQ Chip Wings, picturelink: fYHCILP26jAMqMQTyyx0HBPxVBw6nG}, 9824: {instructions: To make the wings: In a large bowl, whisk together the beer and hot sauce. Add chicken and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 3 hours.nTo make the sauce: Combine all ingredients and set aside.nTo make the dip: Combine all ingredients, place in a serving bowl and refrigerate until needed.nAdd oil or shortening to a large pot or deepfat fryer to make a depth of 1inch. Heat to 375 degrees F.nMeanwhile, in a mediumsize bowl, combine the flour, salt, pepper, cinnamon, and cayenne. Strain the chicken wings and pat them dry. Lightly dust in the flour mixture. Fry the wings, in batches as necessary, turning every 3 minutes until crisp and brown, about 12 minutes adjust the heat as needed to maintain temperature. Drain wings on paper towels and toss with butter sauce.nServe immediately with blue cheese dip and carrot and celery sticks., ingredients: [1 12ounce can beer, 3 tablespoons hot sauce, 2 pounds chicken wings, Vegetable oil or shortening, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, 5 tablespoons hot sauce, 1 teaspoon dark brown sugar, 1 cup blue cheese, crumbled, 34 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons minced onion, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestion: carrot and celery sticks], title: Christinas Favorite Buffalo Wings, picturelink: null}, 9825: {instructions: Put everything in a cocktail mixer and shake vigorously. Strain into stemmed cocktail glasses.nWash the lime and roll in on a board to loosen the juices. Cut the lime into about 8 pieces and place them in a double rocks glass. Sprinkle with the sugar and crush the limes with a pestle or large wooden spoon. Add the cachaca and stir to mix and dissolve the sugar. Add the ice and stir again. Its delicious and potent, ingredients: [2 jiggers Pisco, 1 tablespoon superfine sugar, Juice from 12 a lemon, 12 an eggwhite optional, 1 cup crushed ice, 1 lime, 2 ounces cachaca, 2 to 3 teaspoons superfine sugar, Ice cubes], title: Pisco Sours, picturelink: null}, 9826: {instructions: Remove the ham from the refrigerator and bring to room temperature, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Trim off any skin from the ham. Use a sharp paring knife to score through the fat in a diagonal crosshatch pattern without cutting through to the meat. Insert the cloves into the ham if using, placing them at the intersections of the cuts.nPut the ham, flatside down, on a rack in a roasting pan. Pour 14 inch water into the bottom of the pan. Transfer to the oven and roast until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the ham registers 130 degrees F, about 2 hours, 30 minutes about 15 minutes per pound.nIncrease the oven temperature to 425 degrees F. Pour half of the Glaze see below for glazes over the ham and brush to coat. If the water in the bottom of the pan has evaporated, add more. Return the ham to the oven and roast, basting every 10 minutes with the remaining Glaze, until glossy and well browned, about 45 more minutes.nBoil 2 cups apple cider in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat until reduced to 12 cup, 8 to 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to low add 12 cup each apple jelly and maple syrup, 14 cup wholegrain mustard, 12 teaspoon allspice and 14 teaspoon nutmeg.nMix 1 cup light brown sugar, 34 cup dijon mustard and the grated zest and juice of 1 orange in a bowl.nToast 2 teaspoons fivespice powder in a small saucepan over medium heat with 1 tablespoon peanut oil, about 1 minute. Add 1 cup hoisin sauce, 3 tablespoons each honey and rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce and 1 cup water. Boil and reduce to 1 12 cups, about 5 minutes.nGrate the zest of 2 limes set aside. Squeeze the juice into a saucepan add 8 thin slices ginger and 2 cups unsweetened pineapple juice. Boil until reduced to 12 cup, 8 to 10 minutes. Strain, then add the lime zest, 1 cup apricot preserves and 14 cup dijon mustard.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [1 9 to10pound bonein fully cooked smoked ham butt or shank half, 2 tablespoons whole cloves optional, 1 12 cups Glaze, recipes follow], title: Classic Glazed Ham, picturelink: ApfXsPMYK8otoI1IlIGC5Lg99naj.IO}, 9827: {instructions: Heat about 2inches of oil in a heavybottomed pot or large Dutch oven over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F.nMeanwhile, put the eggs in one shallow dish. Whisk the flour, cornstarch, cayenne, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper together in a medium bowl. Transfer half the flour mixture to a third bowl and stir in the coconut.nWorking in batches, dredge the shrimp in the flour mixture, shake off any excess, dip in the eggs, and then roll in the coconut mixture, pressing to coat thoroughly. Fry until golden, 2 to 3 minutes, adjusting the heat as needed to maintain the oil temperature. Transfer the shrimp to paper towels to drain. Serve with sweet chili or sweet and sour sauce on the side for dipping.nCopyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup cornstarch, Pinch cayenne, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups shredded sweetened coconut, 1 12 pounds large shrimp about 30, peeled and deveined, tails removed, Sweet chili or sweet and sour sauce, for dipping], title: Coconut Shrimp, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 9828: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCooks Note: Quinoa flour can be found at health food stores.nFor the cupcakes: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with paper liners. Set aside.nWhisk together the flours, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl.nBeat the sugar and butter in a large bowl until combined, using an electric hand mixer. Add the eggs, milk and vanilla. Beat until smooth. Add the dry ingredients and mix until just blended. Spoon half of the batter into the prepared muffin cups about 2 tablespoons of batter in each cup. Spoon 1 teaspoon of the strawberry fruit spread into the center of the batter. Spoon the remaining batter on top to cover the fruit spread completely. Bake until puffed and the cake springs back when touched, 15 to 17 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and cool completely, about 30 minutes.nFor the frosting: Place the chocolate chips in a small bowl over a small pan of barely simmering water. Heat, stirring occasionally, until the chocolate is melted and smooth, about 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat.nBeat the butter in a medium bowl until light and smooth, using an electric hand mixer. Beat in 3 cups of the powdered sugar, milk and vanilla until smooth and creamy. Remove half of the frosting and place in a small bowl.nAdd the melted chocolate to one bowl of the frosting and stir until smooth.nStir the strawberry fruit spread and the remaining 34 cup powdered sugar into the other bowl of frosting and stir until smooth.nFrost the tops of the cupcakes with desired frosting using a small spatula. Allow the frosting to set for 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup quinoa flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 cup sugar, 1 stick butter, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 13 cup strawberry fruit spread or jam, 14 cup semisweet chocolate chips, such as Ghirardelli, 1 stick butter, at room temperature, 3 34 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons strawberry fruit spread or jam, Special equipment: 12cup muffin pan 12 paper cupcake liners, such as Betty Crocker Standard Size Baking Cups], title: Jades StrawberryFilled Cupcakes, picturelink: 3IHsh5hyiIijHo7ql3PpBSidTv3zWxu}, 9829: {instructions: Add the bourbon, juices, Sugar Gum and bitters to a metal cocktail shaker. Top with ice cubes, seal and shake vigorously.nFill a small mason jar with ice cubes and fresh mint. Strain the liquid over the ice and stir. Top with shaved ice. Garnish with the muddled blackberries.nIn small saucepan, combine the sugar and 12 cup water. Bring to a boil and stir until combined. Cool, bottle and store until use., ingredients: [2 ounces bourbon recommended: Makers Mark, 12 ounce fresh lemon juice, 12 ounce fresh orange juice, 12 ounce Sugar Gum, recipe follows, 2 dashes bitters recommended: Peychauds, Ice cubes, for shaking, Pinch fresh mint, Shaved ice, 4 muddled blackberries, 12 cup fine sugar], title: Bella Donna, picturelink: null}, 9830: {instructions: For the base: Add the milk to a medium saucepan, and warm it over mediumlow heat until just steaming. Whisk in the cocoa, sugar, cinnamon, vanilla and malt powder. Pour into mugs.nFor the adult additions: Whip the cream, sugar, chile powder and cayenne to stiff peaks, using a stand mixer. Add the tequila and salt, and whip to blend. Top mugs of hot chocolate with the chile whipped creamnFor the kids addition: Top each mug of hot chocolate with a handful of mini marshmallows and enjoy, ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, 13 cup natural unsweetened cocoa powder, 13 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons malted milk powder, 1 cup cold heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 1 shot white tequila, Pinch kosher salt, Mini marshmallows, for topping], title: Mexican Hot Chocolate, picturelink: 0SWTyMJZMG6b.dErL0klEKwQ3OQ5C}, 9831: {instructions: Slice bananas diagonally, 14inch thick set aside.nPut ice water in a medium bowl. Stir in tempura batter mix, pumpkin pie spice, and cayenne pepper. Do not over stir. Batter will be thin and lumpy.nHeat 2 inches of oil in medium saucepan to 350 degrees F. Working in batches, dip sliced bananas in batter then slide into hot oil. Fry for 2 to 3 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from oil and dust with powdered sugar.nFor the CoconutGreen Tea SaucenIn a small saucepan, over medium heat, bring cream to barely a simmer. Reduce heat to low and add tea bags. Steep for 8 minutes. Remove bags and stir in coconut sorbet until melted.nServe hot Fried Bananas in a small pool of CoconutGreen Tea Sauce. Garnish with fresh berries and mint., ingredients: [2 large bananas, ripe, 1 cup ice water, 1 14 cups tempura batter mix recommended: ShirAkika, 1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, Powdered sugar, for dusting, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 green tea bags, 1 scoop coconut sorbet recommended: Ciao Bella, Fresh raspberries, for garnish, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Tempura Bananas with CoconutGreen Tea Sauce, picturelink: KHI2mVnzSwXfQUZcFuLXJit9NPiXh.}, 9832: {instructions: For Chili: In a large pot over medium heat, add the beef and brown well. Drain off all but 1 tablespoon of the rendered fat. Add the onions and saute until translucent. Stir in the garlic, spices, chili sauce, tomato paste, tomato sauce and salt and pepper, to taste. Simmer for 30 minutes to thicken and incorporate flavors. Reserve 1 cup of chili for Round 2 Hush Puppies recipe.nFor Corn Muffins: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 2 24cup or 3 12count mini muffin tin with cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, mix together the baking mix, cornmeal, and sugar. In a separate bowl whisk together the eggs and milk until well combined, then mix in melted butter. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry until just incorporated reserve 1 cup the batter for Round 2 Hush Puppies recipe. Using a tablespoon or mini ice cream scoop fill the muffin tins 34 of the way up with batter. Bake until a toothpick inserted in top of the muffins comes out clean, about 12 to 15 minutes.nTo Assemble: Using a small teaspoon, scoop out a small amount from the top of the mini cornbread muffins. Save these pieces for the Bacon Cornbread Stuffed Mushrooms recipe. Fill the top of each muffin with a tablespoon of the chili. Top with a dollop of sour cream and sprinkle with chopped parsley. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 12 medium onion, diced, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 2 tablespoons chili sauce, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cooking spray, 2 12 cups Baking Mix, recipe follows, 1 12 cups cornmeal, 13 cup sugar, 1 cup milk, 3 eggs, 6 tablespoons melted butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Chili Topped Cornbread Bites, picturelink: null}, 9833: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 1 large piece cheeseclothnFor the turkey: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Transfer the turkey to a roasting pan, fitted with a roasting rack if desired, and soak the cheesecloth in the butter. Season the bird with salt and pepper. Brush any remaining butter on top of the bird and cover the breasts with the cheesecloth to prevent the top skin from burning before it is cooked. Place the celery, onions, garlic, sage, bay, and rosemary in and around the turkey in the roasting pan  these will be used to make the stuffing when everything is roasted.nPlace the roasting pan in the center of the oven. Cook for about 12 minutes per pound. After about 2 hours of cooking, remove the cheesecloth from the top of the breasts and return the turkey to the oven to cook for 1 more hour. If the tips of the wings start to get too dark, cover with foil to prevent them from burning.nFor the gravy: Place the neck and the chicken stock in a pot and simmer gently on top of the stove as the turkey finishes cooking. The stock should reduce by about half. Season with salt and pepper.nHow do you know when the turkey is done The temperature of the thigh meat where the meat is thickest and takes the longest time to cook should register 165 degrees F when tested with a thermometer. When done, remove the bird from the oven, transfer it to a flat surface or serving platter, and allow it to rest for 20 to 30 minutes before removing the vegetables for stuffing and carving the meat.nFor the stuffing: Heat a large skillet and add half a stick of butter. Add the sausage and cook until brown and crispy. Reserve any grease and set the sausage in a large bowl with the roasted vegetables from the turkey tray. Add the remaining butter to the pan. Add the cubed sourdough bread and cook, stirring, until they toast golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Toss and season with salt and pepper before adding to the bowl with the vegetables. Stir everything together and taste for seasoning, adjusting if necessary.nFor the gravy: Unless the bottom of the roasting pan is burned, you can make delicious gravy. Place the roasting pan over the burners of the stove, add the mustard and marsala to the pan, and warm it over low heat. Scrape the bottom to get the drippings and tasty bits off of the pan as the marsala reduces. Strain the neck out from the stock and pour about 12 cup into a small bowl. Whisk the flour into the bowl, taking care there are no lumps. Reduce the marsala until there is almost no liquid. Add the remaining chicken stock and the flour mixture to the roasting pan. Whisk to blend. Taste for seasoning. Reduce until the mixture thickens. Transfer to a gravy boat.nAllow the turkey to rest for 15 to 20 minutes before carving. Serve sliced turkey with stuffing dressing on the side., ingredients: [One 14 to 16pound turkey, innards removed and reserved , neck reserved for gravy, 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 stalks celery, washed and sliced into 1inch pieces, 2 large onions, peeled, halved, and sliced, 1 head garlic, 2 sprigs fresh sage, stemmed and coarsely chopped, 4 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons dried rosemary, 7 cups lowsodium chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup dry marsala, or sherry, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 stick unsalted butter, divided, 1 pound loose pork sausage, broken into small pieces, 6 cups 1inch cubed sourdough bread, crusts and all], title: Turkey and Stuffing, picturelink: jbt1ZnRxpGhtSTxm.MUN20o3Fu7jH2}, 9834: {instructions: Fill a wine glass halfway with the superchilled wine ... the glass should frost ... thats when you know your wines cool enough.nSplash in the club soda until the glass is threequarters full. Note: You can also use ginger ale or lemon lime sodanThen take a slice of lime and put it on the rim of the glass., ingredients: [34 glass superchilled white wine very, very cold, 14 glass superchilled club soda again: very, very cold, Slice of lime], title: White Wine Spritzer, picturelink: ymstErW2CnDnEAG05rOoXT8XXWwd96K}, 9835: {instructions: Microwave broccoli in covered 2quart microwavable bowl on high 3 minutes or until thawed drain.nAdd prepared cheese product and garlic powder. Microwave 2 to 3 minutes or until prepared cheese product is melted, stirring after 2 minutes.nServe hot with assorted cutup vegetables or baked tortilla chips.nPrepare as directed, using VELVEETA Made With 2 Milk Reduced Fat Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product.nCover and refrigerate any leftover dip. To reheat, place in a microwavable bowl and microwave on high until heated through, stirring every 30 seconds.nPour dip over a hot baked potato or cooked pasta for an easy, cheesy new sauce.nTo serve dip in a bread bowl, cut a lengthwise slice from top of 1lb. round bread loaf. Remove center of loaf, leaving 1inchthick shell. Cut removed bread into bitesized pieces to serve as dippers. Fill bread shell with hot dip just before serving.nCover and refrigerate any leftover dip. To reheat, place in a microwavable bowl and microwave on HIGH until heated through, stirring every 30 seconds. Pour dip over a hot baked potato or cooked pasta for an easy, cheesy new sauce.nNutrition Information Per Serving 2 Tbsp.: 70 calories, 5g total fat, 3g saturated fat, 0g polyunsaturated fat, 1.5g monounsaturated fat, 20mg cholesterol, 330mg sodium, 3g carbohydrate, 0g dietary fiber, 2g sugars, 4g protein, 10DV vitamin A, 15DV vitamin C, 10DV calcium, 0DV iron.nExchange: 1 Meat MnDietary Exchanges or Exchange Calculations based on Exchange Lists for Meal Planning 2003 by the American Diabetes Association and the American Dietetic Association., ingredients: [1 pkg. 10 oz. frozen chopped broccoli, 1 lb. 16 oz. VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut up, 18 tsp. garlic powder], title: VELVEETA Broccoli Dip, picturelink: null}, 9836: {instructions: For the rotisserie lamb with pomegranate and mint: Sprinkle both sides of the lamb with salt and pepper. Roll the lamb and tie with twine. Cut small slits over the entire lamb, using a paring knife. Fill each slit with a slice of the garlic. Put the lamb into a large plastic resealable bag.nWhisk the pomegranate juice, wine, olive oil, oregano, rosemary, onions, bay leaves and lemon juice in a bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Pour the marinade over the lamb, in the bag. Press the air out of the bag and seal tightly. Place the bag into a large bowl. Refrigerate the lamb for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours, turning the bag a few times during that time.nRemove the lamb from the refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking. Preheat the grill to mediumhot heat.nWhisk the pomegranate molasses, mint, mustard and lemon juice in a medium bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nSkewer the lamb onto the rotisserie and grill until a meat thermometer registers 135 degrees F for medium doneness, 1 12 hours to 1 34 hours. Begin brushing the lamb with the pomegranate molasses mixture after about 45 minutes of grilling.nMeanwhile for the Greek slaw: Whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil, dill, honey and garlic in a large bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the red and green cabbage, carrot and feta. Toss to combine. Cover the slaw and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before serving.nTransfer the lamb to a cutting board and loosely tent with foil. Wait 15 minutes before slicing.nWhile the lamb is resting, brush the tomatoes with canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the tomatoes until they are charred on both sides and just soft, about 4 minutes.nSlice the lamb. Lay the warm pita breads on a large platter. Top with sliced lamb, grilled tomatoes and the Greek slaw. Squeeze the lemons over the top and serve., ingredients: [One boneless half leg of lamb about 4 pounds, butterflied, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 cup pomegranate juice, 1 cup red wine, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 1 Spanish onion, chopped, 2 bay leaves, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 cup pomegranate molasses, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Juice of 2 lemons, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, plus for garnish, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 cloves garlic, chopped to a paste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup finely shredded red cabbage, 12 head green cabbage, shredded, 1 large carrot, grated, 6 ounces crumbled Greek feta, 8 warmed pita breads, with or without pockets, for serving, Cherry tomatoes, on soaked skewers, for serving, Canola oil, for brushing, 2 lemons, for serving], title: OpenFaced Pitas with Rotisserie Lamb with Pomegranate and Mint, Grilled Tomatoes, and Greek Slaw, picturelink: VtApbOu4RN9HLCZqd3q6PXGGY363lq}, 9837: {instructions: Trim, peel, and cut the carrots into 1inch lengths. Trim, peel, and chop the onion and garlic.nIn a heavy pot or Dutch oven, saute the onion in the butter and olive oil over medium heat, stirring, until translucent. Add the garlic and saute it for a few minutes, taking care not to let it brown.nAdd the water, carrots, ginger, and salt and cook until the carrots are very tender, about 45 minutes. Turn off the heat and let the soup cool.nWhen the soup has cooled, puree it in batches in a food processor or blender. Return the puree to the pot and place it over mediumhigh heat. Bring the puree to a boil and reduce it to the desired thickness. Add the honey, stirring until dissolved. Taste, adjust the seasonings, if necessary, and serve immediately.nTo serve cold, remove the pan from the heat and let the soup cool completely. Cover the pot and refrigerate. When ready to serve, stir vigorously and ladle into chilled bowls, if desired, ingredients: [12 medium carrots, 1 yellow onion, 2 garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cups water, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger, Salt, 3 tablespoons honey], title: Ginger and Honey Carrot Soup, picturelink: null}, 9838: {instructions: Blend all ingredients., ingredients: [2 to 3 apples, 1 cup water spring root, 1inch piece ginger root], title: Apple Ginger Nectar, picturelink: null}, 9839: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the meatloaf: In a large bowl, mix together the ground beef, basil, Parmesan, tomatobasil sauce, breadcrumbs, salt, pepper, garlic, eggs and onions until combined. Press the mixture onto the bottom of a nonstick baking sheet. Bake until cooked through or when an instant read thermometer registers 160 degrees F when inserted into the meatloaf, 20 to 25 minutes.nFor the eggplant: In a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. In batches, add the eggplant slices and cook until lightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn the slices over and season with the salt and pepper. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes longer.nArrange the eggplant slices on top of the meatloaf in a single layer. Spoon 1 to 1 12 tablespoons of the tomatobasil sauce into the center of each eggplant slice. Top with the mozzarella and bake until the cheese is just melted, an additional 5 minutes.nCut into 6 to 8 squares and serve with additional tomatobasil sauce., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 23 cup chopped fresh basil, 23 cup finely grated Parmesan, 23 cup jarred tomatobasil sauce, such as Giada De Laurentiis for Target, 13 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 large cloves garlic, minced, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium eggplant, trimmed and cut into six to eight 12inchthick slices, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon finely ground black pepper, 13 to 34 cup of jarred tomatobasil sauce, such as Giada De Laurentiis for Target, plus extra for serving, 12 cup coarsely grated whole milk mozzarella], title: Eggplant Parmesan Meatloaf, picturelink: 59vNUXq8RLb9xfnGXpd9RKXp6s4SrGG}, 9840: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nClick here to see how she does it.nIn a small bowl stir together the first 7 ingredients. Put the lamb chops in a sealable plastic bag and pour the marinade over them. Move the chops around in the bag so the marinade coats them well. Marinate for 1 hour.nGrill or broil the chops for 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium rare., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 lemon, zested about 12 teaspoon, 1 lemon, juiced about 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, or 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 4ounce lamb loin chops, trimmed of all visible fat], title: Marinated Lamb Chops, picturelink: 98AAX3efRVuED8YUTj6vMPJiA1PlUu}, 9841: {instructions: Crumble the yeast into a large mixing bowl and add 1 cup of the warm milk the milk should feel just warm to the touch but not hot. Using the dough hook attachment, gently mix together.nAdd the honey, butter, 2 eggs, flour, spice mix, salt, and raisins. Start the mixer and gently pour in the remaining 1 cup of milk while mixing. The dough should come together as a soft ball after a few minutes of mixing. If it is too sticky add a few sprinkles of additional flour if it is too hard add a few more drops of cold milk.nTurn this soft dough out directly onto a sheet pan and cover with plastic wrap. Let it rise until about doubled in size.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhen it has double in size, turn the dough out onto a floured surface. Cut the dough in half and each half in half, etc. until you have a dozen pieces. Shape these pieces into rounds with your hands. Place these rounds equally spaced apart on a floured piece of parchment on a sheet pan. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to rise until almost doubled in size. If you press gently with your finger on a bun it should bounce back but your fingerprint should remain a bit.nBeat the remaining egg with a fork in a small bowl. Very gently brush this mixture on each of the buns. Using a sharp knife cut a cross shape in the top of each bun. Besides being decorative this allows the bread to rise nicely as it bakes.nBake in for about 15 minutes or until browned. Let cool.nWhen cool, ice each bun with the glaze in a cross shape, following your cuts and using your spatula to drizzle icing on.nMix together all the ingredients.nPut the sugar in a large bowl with the milk. Work the sugar and milk together until combined, adding additional milk 1 teaspoon at a time, until you have a nice smooth thick glaze., ingredients: [2 ounces fresh yeast, 2 cups lukewarm milk, 14 cup honey, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced, 3 eggs, 4 12 cups highgluten flour, Spice mix, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup dark raisins, 12 cup golden raisins, Glaze, recipe follows, 1 12 teaspoons ground nutmeg, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 34 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup milk, plus more as needed], title: Hot Cross Buns, picturelink: aa0MJLk0in6M8h14QlX68rdtMDgp.}, 9842: {instructions: Place the lime pieces, pulp side up, in the bottom of an old fashioned glass or heavy tumbler. Add sugar to taste and crush the lime and sugar together with a pestle or the end of a wooden spoon be sure to crush the pieces pulp side up or too much bitter lime oil will be released from the zest. Add the cachaca, stir to mix and add the ice cubes. Stir again and serve., ingredients: [1 lime, cut into small pieces, Superfine sugar, 2 ounces cachaca see Note, or white rum to taste, Ice cubes], title: Caipirinha, picturelink: null}, 9843: {instructions: Puree all but 3 tablespoons cilantro with 2 cups water, the garlic, chile powder and 34 teaspoon salt in a blender until smooth. Transfer to a medium saucepan along with the rice and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low cover and cook until the liquid is absorbed, about 18 minutes. Uncover, stir and let cool 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring the black bean soup to a simmer in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat and cook until the liquid is slightly reduced, about 3 minutes. Stir in the spinach and return to a simmer. Remove from the heat and cover to keep warm.nToss the corn, tomato, lime juice, the reserved 3 tablespoons cilantro, 12 teaspoon salt, and chile powder to taste in a large bowl.nWarm the tortillas in a dry skillet or in the microwave. Divide the rice, bean mixture and cheese among the tortillas top with some of the corn salsa. Fold up the bottoms of the tortillas, then fold in the sides and roll up. Serve with the remaining corn salsa.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 bunch cilantro, chopped, 1 clove garlic, 12 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, plus more to taste, Kosher salt, 1 cup white rice, 1 15ounce can black bean soup preferably spicy, 1 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 2 cups frozen corn preferably fireroasted, thawed, 1 large tomato, diced, Juice of 1 lime, 4 burritosize flour tortillas, 2 cups shredded pepper jack cheese about 8 ounces], title: Chipotle Veggie Burritos, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 9844: {instructions: In a large resealable bag, add the buttermilk, pickle juice and chicken. Let the chicken marinate, refrigerated, for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cover a baking sheet in aluminum foil and lightly coat with the olive oil.nIn another large resealable bag, combine the breadcrumbs, pretzels, Parmesan, garlic salt, Italian seasoning and pepper and shake to mix evenly. Put the flour in a shallow bowl and set aside. In another bowl, whisk together the salt and eggs.nTake the chicken pieces out of the marinade, discarding the marinade. Dip them first in the flour, and then in the egg mix. Finally, put them in the bag with the breadcrumb and pretzel mix. Once all the chicken pieces are in the bag, seal the bag and shake to mix, making sure that every piece gets coated in crumbs.nPut the chicken piece on the baking sheet, evenly spaced. Bake for 8 minutes, and then turn the pieces over. Continue to bake until the nuggets are golden brown, another 8 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup lowfat buttermilk, 12 cup dill pickle juice, 3 boneless, skinless mediumlarge chicken breasts, cut into nugget pieces, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 12 cups Italian breadcrumbs, 1 12 cups crushed pretzels, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs], title: Baked Pretzel Chicken Nuggets, picturelink: null}, 9845: {instructions: Prepare a smoker.nUsing a large, 2pronged fork, poke several holes into bologna. Place bologna in the smoker and smoke for 3 hours over indirect heat, or until ends of bologna start to swell.nPour oil into a heavy bottomed mediumsize frying pan. Heat oil to 350 degrees F.nCut bologna into 12inch to 1inch thick slices. When oil is hot, fry bologna slices, 1 at a time, for 1 minute each. Remove each slice to a paper towellined plate to drain. Place each slice of bologna between 2 pieces of Texas toast, first topping with a small scoop of cole slaw and then drizzling with BBQ sauce., ingredients: [1 3pound bologna, 1 cup canola oil, 1 loaf Texas toast, sliced 1inch thick, Prepared cole slaw, for topping, Your favorite BBQ sauce, for drizzling], title: BBQ Bologna Sandwich, picturelink: 65GrtwBM0hOIU9VPiFoG1jkT.MLBrH6}, 9846: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add the lemons, crab boil seasoning, onion, and kosher salt. Add the crabs and boil them for 10 minutes. Remove the crabs from the water and put them into an ice bath. Crack the crabs and remove the meat from the legs and back sections. Mayonnaise: In a food processor add the eggs, garlic, lemon juice, and Dijon mustard and pulse until smooth. Slowly add the canola oil pulsing until emulsified. Pour the mayonnaise into a medium bowl. Stir in the parsley, chives, crab boil seasoning, lemon zest and shallots. Fold in the crab, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Keep the crab mixture chilled until ready to use. When ready to serve, mound the crab mixture into the slider buns.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add the lemons, crab boil seasoning, onion, and kosher salt. Add the crabs and boil them for 10 minutes. Remove the crabs from the water and put them into an ice bath. Crack the crabs and remove the meat from the legs and back sections.nMayonnaise: In a food processor add the eggs, garlic, lemon juice, and Dijon mustard and pulse until smooth. Slowly add the canola oil pulsing until emulsified. Pour the mayonnaise into a medium bowl. Stir in the parsley, chives, crab boil seasoning, lemon zest and shallots. Fold in the crab, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Keep the crab mixture chilled until ready to use. When ready to serve, mound the crab mixture into the slider buns.nCut pork and beef into 1inch cubes. Put the cubes into a stand mixer with a grinding attachment along with the chopped onion and green pepper. Grind the mixture and transfer it to a medium bowl. Season heavily with salt and pepper and put the bowl over another bowl filled with ice.nBBQ Sauce: In a medium saucepan add the garlic, habanero, ketchup, honey, Worcestershire, apple cider vinegar, garlic powder, mustard powder, salt and apricot. Bring the sauce to a simmer over low heat and cook for 5 minutes. Pour the sauce into a container and refrigerate until cold.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat.nMix 12 of chilled BBQ sauce into the ground meat. Add the bread crumbs and form the mixture into 8 patties. Grill for 3 minutes per side. Put the burgers in the buns and top them with remaining BBQ sauce.nPut the crab sliders and beef and pork sliders on a large serving platter and serve., ingredients: [Water, 2 lemons, halved, 12 cup crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 1 large Walla Walla onion, chopped, 14 to 12 cup kosher salt, 3 to 4 live crabs, 2 eggs, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, 12 lemon, juiced, plus more if needed, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 cup canola oil, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 1 teaspoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 12 lemon, zested, 3 tablespoons chopped shallots, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slider buns recommended: Macrina, 14 pound pork shoulder, 34 pound beef chuck, 1 or 12 if very large Walla Walla onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 habanero pepper, seeded and chopped wear gloves, 2 cups ketchup, 8 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire, 4 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 fresh apricot, chopped, 13 to 12 cup bread crumbs, 8 slider buns recommended: Macrina], title: Gonna Score Sliders, picturelink: k6ww9nX4dDcUK1m.o1UMAUAnKgoB6u}, 9847: {instructions: In a food processor puree half the smoked salmon, add the cream cheese, butter, lemon juice and blend the mixture until smooth. Transfer the puree to a bowl and stir in the dill. On the more pale side of each crepe spread thin onefourth of the salmon puree, top each crepe with onefourth of the salmon slices and roll the crepe tightly to enclose the filling. Chill the crepes seam side down, covered, for at least 1 hour, or until they are firm enough to slice and slice them diagonally into 14inchthick spirals., ingredients: [12 pound thinly sliced smoked salmon, 2 tablespoons cream cheese at room temperature, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons snipped fresh dill, 4 crepes], title: Smoked Salmon Crepe Spiral, picturelink: null}, 9848: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium. Whisk the yellow mustard, vinegar, brown sugar, mustard powder, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a bowl. Whisk in the butter. Season the chicken with salt and pepper, then toss with about onethird of the mustard sauce in a large bowl until coated. Let sit at room temperature, 10 minutes. Brush the grill grates generously with vegetable oil. Put about 14 cup of the remaining mustard sauce in a small bowl for basting and reserve the rest for topping. Grill the chicken, covered, basting occasionally with the sauce, until well marked and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 170 degrees F, 10 to 12 minutes per side. Serve the chicken with the reserved mustard sauce, sliced tomato and macaroni salad, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 cup yellow mustard, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 12 tablespoons mustard powder, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 8 skinon, bonein chicken thighs 2 to 2 14 pounds, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 1 large tomato, sliced, Prepared macaroni salad, for serving optional], title: CarolinaStyle Barbecue Chicken, picturelink: LBSPviGxQEROhT9Quel7tScM4yEW2}, 9849: {instructions: Combine the liqueurs in a large mug and microwave on high for 15 seconds. Add the hot chocolate and stir top with whipped cream.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [34 ounce orange liqueur, 34 ounce Irish cream liqueur, 34 ounce coffee liqueur, 4 ounces hot chocolate, Whipped cream, for garnish], title: Madelines Kiss, picturelink: zad956Qjvfo1TVjXUj8WCaplVRHNFR2}, 9850: {instructions: Bring 4 cups of water to a boil in a medium saucepan.nTo a 1gallon plastic bag add paprika, ground thyme, salt, ground black pepper, basil, and chili powder, and shake to combine. Add the crawfish and shrimp to the bag in batches and shake to coat. Add the crawfish and shrimp a little at a time to the boiling water so as not to stop the boil, and let cook until pink and the crawfish is curled. As they are cooked, use a slotted spoon to remove the crawfish and shrimp to a platter and set aside until they are cool enough to handle. Remove the shells from the crawfish and shrimp and add the shells back to the pot of cooking liquid, and allow to reduce by twothirds. The shells of crawfish are removed by cracking the tail with both hands and forcing it back out through the curve of the tail. Reserve the crawfish and shrimp meat until needed. When reduced, strain the cooking liquid into a bowl.nFor the sauce:nIn another saucepan, combine the garlic, scallions, bay leaf, nutmeg, if using, and butter over medium heat. Add flour to make a roux and allow it to cook until blond, then begin whisking in the milk. Into the bowl of reduced seafood cooking liquid, whisk the Cheddar and Gruyere cheeses. Add this to the milk mixture and simmer for 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove saucepan from heat, season sauce, to taste, with white pepper, and salt if needed. Remove and discard bay leaf. Immediately put a sheet of plastic wrap on top of the sauce to prevent a skin from forming.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMake a topping by adding bread crumbs, parsley leaves, Parmesan, Cheddar, Cajun seasoning, horseradish, and hard boiled eggs to a small bowl and combining with a wooden spoon.nFold the crawfish and shrimp into the sauce a little at a time so you can control the amount of sauce to the amount of seafood. Do not feel compelled to use all of the sauce. Spread the mixture into a 3 quart casserole dish. Sprinkle with the topping and heat about 5 minutes in the oven until the topping is browned. Serve family style, garnished with parsley sprigs., ingredients: [2 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, ground to a powder with a mortar and pestle, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried basil, ground to a powder with a mortar and pestle, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 pound crawfish, rinsed well in several changes of cold water and eviscerated, 1 pound 31 to 40 size shrimp, deveined, 1 large clove garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and minced, 4 to 6 scallions, white and tender green parts only, 1 bay leaf, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, optional, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, 12 cup grated Cheddar, 12 cup grated Gruyere, White pepper, Salt, if needed, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves from about 3 large sprigs, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons grated Cheddar, 1 teaspoon Irvine Spices Cajun Seasoning, 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, 4 hard boiled eggs, peeled while still warm, and chopped], title: DeepSouth Shrimp and Crawfish Stew, picturelink: null}, 9851: {instructions: To make the praline, lightly oil a large baking sheet. Toss the pecans with the salt and cayenne in a small bowl. Place the sugar in a heavy skillet or saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring gently, until the sugar starts to melt. Stop stirring and continue cooking, swirling the skillet or pan often, until the sugar cooks to a dark golden caramel. Add the pecan mixture and carefully stir to coat the nuts with caramel. Pour onto the baking sheet and spread evenly with a knife. Cool completely. Crack the praline into pieces, then finely chop on a cutting board.nTo prepare the dressing, whisk the mustard, vinegar, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil to form a smooth dressing.nArrange the arugula in the center of a large serving bowl. Sprinkle on the cheese, cherries, and praline. Toss with just enough of the dressing to thoroughly coat the leaves., ingredients: [13 cup pecans, coarsely chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper or more, to taste, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon grainy Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 cups loosely packed arugula, 34 cup coarsely grated aged Gouda, Manchego, Asiago, or ParmigianoReggiano, 13 cup dried cherries], title: Arugula Salad with Aged Gouda, Savory Praline, and WholeGrain Mustard Dressing, picturelink: null}, 9852: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Place a rack on the highest level and leave space on the bottom of the oven for easy access.nPlace the pancetta in a large skillet set over mediumhigh heat. Cook the pancetta, stirring often with a wooden spoon, until crispy, about 8 minutes. Drain half of the fat. Add the spinach and turn off the heat. Stir until the spinach wilts. Set aside.nDust an upsidedown rimmed baking sheet with the flour. Gently stretch the pizza dough and place on the dusted tray. Continue to stretch out to 14inch thick leaving it a little thicker around the edges. Sprinkle the dough with half of the cheese. Spoon the spinach mixture over the cheese layer and top with the remaining cheese. Place the sheet tray directly on the bottom of the oven and bake for 5 minutes. Move the tray to the top shelf and finish cooking until golden brown and the crust is cooked, 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a medium skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Crack the eggs in the oil and cook until the whites are set and the yolks are still runny, about 3 minutes. Top the pizza with the eggs and serve., ingredients: [4 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, chopped, 5 ounces baby spinach, chopped, 3 tablespoons flour, One 16ounce ball pizza dough, 8 ounces smoked scamorza cheese or smoked mozzarella, grated, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 eggs, at room temperature], title: Smoked Scamorza, Spinach and Pancetta Pizza, picturelink: FLsdMpKTqbSXrKd2kaFOwRbt5eyVP6}, 9853: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Brush a baking dish with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season the tomatoes and onion rounds with salt and pepper and add to the dish, cutside up. Mix the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil with the panko and sprinkle over the tomatoes and onion. Bake until tender and golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes.nWhisk the eggs, milk and herbs in a bowl season with salt and pepper. Heat a small nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 teaspoon butter, swirling to coat. When the foam subsides, add onequarter of the egg mixture. Cook 10 seconds, then move a rubber spatula around the edge of the pan until the mixture is just set, about 1 minute. Scatter onequarter of the cheese down the center, then fold the omelet in half. Cook about 30 more seconds, or to desired doneness. Transfer to a plate. Repeat to make 3 more omelets. Serve with the roasted tomatoes and onions.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 plum tomatoes, trimmed and halved crosswise, 1 small white onion, sliced into 4 rounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup panko Japanese breadcrumbs or plain breadcrumbs, 10 large eggs, 2 tablespoons milk, 4 tablespoons mixed chopped herbs such as parsley and dill andor scallions, 4 teaspoons unsalted butter, 4 ounces shredded gruyere or Swiss cheese about 1 cup], title: Cheese Omelet With Roasted Tomatoes and Onions, picturelink: cWwIoy37ih8MyQNtyeJDekTencuuU6}, 9854: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfat thermometernSandwiches:nFor the wet soak: In a nonreactive bowl or gallon resealable bag, combine the buttermilk, beaten egg, hot sauce, basil, granulated garlic and white pepper and mix well. Add the oysters and any liquid from shucking. Cover and refrigerate 15 minutes.nFor the breading and frying: In a shallow bowl, combine the panko, cornmeal, flour, dried basil, granulated garlic, cayenne, 1 teaspoons salt, pepper and paprika and mix well.nHeat the oil to 350 degrees F in a large castiron skillet.nDrain the oysters from the brine and dredge through the breading mixture, pressing gently to adhere. Carefully add to the hot oil in batches, to not crowd, and cook 3 to 4 minutes per side. Remove to a paper towellined plate and season with the remaining 1 to 2 teaspoons sea salt while hot.nFor the sandwiches: Preheat the oven to a low broil. Butter the rolls and place on a baking sheet. Broil until golden, 2 to 3 minutes, and remove from oven.nSpread Miss Dixies Remoulade on both sides of the rolls. Layer on the oysters, lettuce, tomatoes and pickles. Top with other half of bread and serve immediately.nIn a food processor, add all ingredients and process until smooth, 25 to 35 seconds depending on blender speed. Scrape down sides as needed. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [1 cup buttermilk, 1 egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons hot pepper sauce recommended: Crystal, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 16 mediumsize oysters, shucked, liquid reserved, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup cornmeal, 14 cup flour, 2 tablespoons dried basil, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 to 3 teaspoons sea salt, divided, 1 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon hot paprika, 1 12 cups canola oil, 1 to 2 teaspoons sea salt, 4 soft French or hoagie rolls, split, 3 tablespoons butter, softened, Miss Dixies Remoulade, recipe follows, 1 12 cups shredded romaine lettuce, loosely pack, dark green ends discarded, 2 to 3 heirloom tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, 12 cup thin sliced dill delistyle pickles, 23 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup loosely packed Italian flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons Memphisstyle BBQ sauce, 2 tablespoons Creolestyle mustard, 1 teaspoon Sriracha sauce, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 2 green onions, ends trimmed, roughly chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 medium Anaheim pepper, roughly chopped, 13 large red bell pepper, seeds removed, 12 stalk celery], title: Oyster PoBoys, picturelink: null}, 9855: {instructions: In a large skillet over medium heat, melt butter. Add onion and saute until softened. Crumble in the ground beef and cook until browned. Add beans and marinara sauce and combine thoroughly. Stir in chili seasoning, reduce heat, and simmer for 15 minutes. Spoon into individual bowls and garnish with shredded cheese, a dollop of sour cream, and chives., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 medium sweet onion, very finely chopped, 1 12 pounds ground beef, 2 cans red kidney beans, drained, 1 jar marinara meat sauce recommended: Paul Newmans, 1 package chili seasoning, minus 1 tablespoon reserved for rolls recommended: Shillings, Shredded cheese, for garnish, Sour cream, for garnish, Minced chives, for garnish], title: Chunky Chili, picturelink: ibprAQqwCtHvyrXLau6X9.YMySSwWom}, 9856: {instructions: Place 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large saute pan. Add the cut bacon and bring to a mediumhigh heat. Cook the bacon until it has become brown and crispy and a lot of fat has been rendered. This is a good thingnPlace the bacon and the fat into a bowl large enough to fit all of the ingredients. Add the vinegar and the blue cheese and stir to combine. Season with salt. Add the frisee and gently toss to combine. If a little more oil or vinegar is needed do so in small increments and taste as you go. The salad should be well seasoned and dressed but not soggy. Divide the salad onto 4 individual serving plates. Sprinkle with the chopped hazelnuts., ingredients: [3 to 4 tablespoons highquality extravirgin olive oil, 4 to 5 thick slices bacon, cut crosswise into 12inch slices, 3 to 4 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Pinch crushed red pepper, 12 to 34 cup crumbled blue cheese, such as Roquefort, Cabrales, or Gongonzola Piquante, Salt, 3 cups frisee, tough outer parts removed, washed and spun dry, 3 to 4 tablespoons coarsely chopped toasted hazelnuts], title: Frisee Salad with Blue Cheese, Bacon and Hazelnuts, picturelink: LZntmATr.GWFbDMFsQLYoBCUGh5ieK}, 9857: {instructions: Place cornmeal, flour, and sugar in a bowl and mix together. In a separate bowl, combine eggs, buttermilk, corn oil, and fresh corn and mix togethernFold mixtures together. Place 4 ounces of pancake mix onto a hot griddle. Cook on medium high heat for 4 minutes on each side, until cooked through., ingredients: [1 cup roasted cornmeal fine ground yellow cornmeal, 1 cup selfrising flour, 4 tablespoons sugar, 2 eggs, 2 cups buttermilk, 3 ounces corn oil, 2 cups fresh corn kernels], title: Corn Cakes, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 9858: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the lentils, garlic and 4 cups water in a large heavy pot. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Simmer until the lentils are soft, about 15 minutes. Drain the lentils, discarding the garlic cloves, and set aside to cool to room temperature.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the lemon juice and olive oil until combined. Add the tomatoes, scallions, basil, dill, corn and cooled lentils. Season with salt and pepper. Add the lemon zest and toss to combine, making sure everything is evenly incorporated.nServe cold or at room temperature. This dish can be made 1 day ahead., ingredients: [1 cup small green lentils, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 teaspoons lemon zest plus 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, quartered, 34 cup sliced scallions use pale green and white parts only, 14 cup fresh basil, chopped, 14 cup fresh dill, chopped, 1 ear fresh corn, kernels cut off the cob, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tomato and Lentil Salad, picturelink: JSgYWzKnFUQfYE15pZpriu3IXqD8Ka}, 9859: {instructions: Special equipment: Wooden ice pop sticksnPlace all of the ingredients in a blender jar and blend to combine. Pour into a ice pop mold and insert wooden sticks. Freeze until set, at least 4 hours or overnight., ingredients: [1 13.5ounce can coconut milk, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk, 34 cup sweetened condensed milk, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 large pasteurized egg yolk see Note, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 13 cup light rum], title: Eggnog Ice Pops: Coquito, picturelink: enoSPIumrtRCq5ndNiVEgXCyH63Ce}, 9860: {instructions: Divide the diced mango between 4 chilled champagne flutes. Fill the glasses 13 of the way up with mango juice, and top with the Cava., ingredients: [1 750ml bottle Cava Spanish sparkling wine chilled, Mango juice, chilled, 14 cup small dice mango, divided into 4 equal parts], title: Manguini, picturelink: null}, 9861: {instructions: Bring large pot of salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook until it is tender.nCut fresh sage leaves into fine shreds peel and mince garlic, chop parsley. Rinse and drain canned beans.nHeat olive oil in a medium size saucepan. Add garlic and sage and cook for 10 seconds. Add wine and cook until evaporated, about a minute. Add beans, cover and simmer until heated through: 2 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in parsley, season to taste with salt and pepper. Keep warm, covered, off heat, until pasta is done.nDrain pasta and return it to the pot, off heat. Stir in bean mixture, toss well and serve immediately garnished with raw peppers. Pass cheese separately., ingredients: [Salt, 3 cups orecchiette, 6 medium size fresh sage leaves or 1 teaspoon dried, 2 cloves garlic, 12 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, 2 cups cooked white beans or 19 ounce can drained white beans, 13 cup olive oil, 14 cup dry white wine, 12 cup small dice of mixed yellow, green and red bell pepper, for garnish, Grated Asiago cheese], title: Garlicky White Beans, Sage and Orecchiette, picturelink: null}, 9862: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a large skillet. Lightly dust loin chops in flour when hot, sear chops on both sides for a minute. Lower the heat and cook, uncovered, turning frequently, for 5 to 10 minutes depending on how rare you like them. Remove chops to a plate and pour out most of the fat from the skillet. Add olives, oregano and fresh lemon juice to the skillet, deglaze and reduce. Season with salt and crushed red pepper., ingredients: [Olive oil to saute, 4 loin lamb chops, trimmed of excess fat, Flour for dusting, 12 cup pitted sliced olives cured or Kalamata or good green ones, coarsely chopped, Dried or fresh oregano to taste, About 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice or to taste, Salt and crushed red pepper], title: Loin Lamb Chops with Olives, picturelink: null}, 9863: {instructions: Place the water and turkey legs in an 8quart pot over mediumhigh heat. Cover, bring to a boil, and allow to simmer for 10 minutes.nIn the meantime, remove any large stems from the greens and wash them thoroughly do so in a sink with at least 5 inches of water. Moving the leaves around in the water and allowing them to sit for a few minutes to allow the sand or dirt to fall to the bottom of the sink. Once clean, chop pieces in half. You should have 2 pounds of greens once they are stemmed. Weigh the greens after stemming, but before washing.nOnce the turkey legs have simmered for 10 minutes, add the greens, salt and sugar, reduce the heat to low, cover, and allow to simmer gently for 45 minutes or until the greens are tender. Move the greens around every 10 to 15 minutes. Taste and season with additional salt, if desired. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 quart water, 1 12 pounds smoked turkey legs, 2 pounds stemmed collard or turnip greens, 1 teaspoon salt, plus extra if desired, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Pot OGreens, picturelink: nuTdlhZycI8GuxN8nQYDHdnkN.C75e}, 9864: {instructions: Saute onion, garlic, ginger, carrots and coriander in the coconut butter for about 4 minutes. Add water to deglaze the bottom of the pot and continue to cook for an additional 8 minutes.nAdd the lentils, water, salt and tomatoes and bring to a boil. Turn the heat down slightly and lightly boil for 40 minutes.nAdd the bok choy and sunflower seeds and continue to cook for an additional 20 minutes.nTo make the rice:nBring to a boil on the stove top.nCover and bake in the oven for 35 minutes., ingredients: [2 TB. coconut butter, 1 onion, chopped, 8 garlic cloves, sliced, 2 in. piece of ginger, minced, 3 tsp. ground coriander, 2 cups carrots, sliced, 12 cup water, 2 cups lentils I use 1 cup french and 1 cup red, 12 cups of water, 23 tsp. salt depending on salt tolerance, 2 roma tomatoes, chopped, 2 cups of bok choy mostly the tops, 14 cup raw sunflower seeds, 2 cups short grain brown rice, 4 cups water, pinch of salt, 1 small cinnamon stick], title: Monday Night Lentil Soup, picturelink: null}, 9865: {instructions: Beat the heavy cream in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until stiff peaks form, about 3 minutes. Fold in the cream of coconut until just incorporated.nSpread about 1 heaping teaspoon of the coconut whipped cream onto each gingersnap. Press the cookies together on their sides to form a 12inchlong log on a serving platter. Cover the log with the remaining coconut whipped cream. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 6 hours or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the coconut flakes in a single layer on a baking sheet and bake until just golden, about 5 minutes. Let cool completely.nPeel, pit and dice the mango. Toss with the lime juice, sugar and a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Sprinkle the toasted coconut all over the cake, gently pressing to adhere. Top with the mango. Cut on the diagonal to serve.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 12 cups cold heavy cream, 12 cup cream of coconut, 30 gingersnap cookies about half of a 16ounce package, 12 cup unsweetened coconut flakes, 1 large mango, Juice of 12 lime, 1 tablespoon sugar, Kosher salt], title: GingersnapMango Icebox Cake, picturelink: kDaeu8FQp0cQJ5migns8hE6E9hXf4X2}, 9866: {instructions: Preheat grill. Wash the sardines and soak in cold water for 10 minutes. Dry well. Grill the sardines for 3 to 5 minutes until just cooked through.nPlace lemon juice and shallot in a blender and blend until smooth. Slowly add the olive oil and blend until emulsified. Add pepper and salt and blend for 5 seconds., ingredients: [12 fresh sardines approximately 1 pound, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 small shallot, coarsely chopped, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 14 teaspoon sea salt], title: Grilled Sardines with LemonPepper Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 9867: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nSeason the catfish on both sides with 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, salt, and pepper. Brush the grill pan with some of the canola oil and grill the catfish until cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes on each side. Remove to a plate and let cool.nInto a large bowl, add the cracker crumbs, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, mustard, and egg. Shred the fish with a fork and add to the bowl. Fold everything together. Form into 8 small cakes and set them aside.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, add the remaining canola oil. When it is hot, add the catfish cakes and cook until browned on each side, 4 to 5 minutes total. Drain on brown paper.nWhile the cakes are cooking, make the remoulade: In a bowl, stir together the remaining 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 1 teaspoon mustard, hot sauce, lemon juice, and garlic. Reserve 12 cup remoulade for Round 2 Recipe Cajun Quesadillas.nServe the catfish cakes with the remoulade., ingredients: [4 catfish fillets, about 6 ounces each, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup canola oil, 1 cup crackers, crushed, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon spicy brown mustard, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic], title: Cajun Catfish Cakes with Remoulade, picturelink: eTbAJn1lPxFCausCFy8DUMtJJRl4uC}, 9868: {instructions: Special equipment: Four 10inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water 30 minutesnPut the bean sauce, honey, rice wine, light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, brown sugar, dark soy sauce garlic and ginger into a bowl and stir to combine. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover the bowl, refrigerate and leave to marinate for a minimum of 1 hour and as long as overnight.nPreheat a grill or grill pan over high heat, making sure the grates have been brushed clean and lightly oiled before cooking.nRemove the chicken from the marinade. Reserve the marinade, transfer to a small pan and bring to a boil for 5 minutes. Set aside.nDivide and thread the chicken onto the 4 bamboo skewers, 5 to 6 pieces of chicken per skewer. Grill the chicken on each side until charred, about 2 minutes. Turn the heat down to medium and place the green beans on the grill alongside the chicken skewers, basting the chicken and beans with the reserved marinade. Continue turning and basting every couple minutes until the outside edges are glazed and sticky and the chicken is cooked through 10 to 12 minutes total. Serve hot or at room temperature, garnished with the chiles., ingredients: [4 heaping tablespoons yellow bean sauce, 4 heaping tablespoons honey, 4 tablespoons Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, 4 tablespoons light soy sauce, Peanut oil, 1 heaping tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2inch piece ginger, peeled and freshly grated, 6 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1 to 2inch pieces, 12 ounces Chinese long beans, trimmed and cut into thirds, 1 Fresno chili, seeded and chopped for garnish], title: BBQ Yellow Bean Chicken with Grilled Chinese Long Beans, picturelink: null}, 9869: {instructions: In a small saucepan, over medium heat, add the sugar, water and ginger. Stir until the sugar dissolves. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring continuously, until thickened. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.nPour the gin into a glass filled with ice. Add 14 cup of simple syrup and the lime juice. Top with soda water and serve., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 1 5inch piece ginger, sliced, 14 cup gin, 2 tablespoons lime juice, Soda water], title: Ginas Gin Fizz, picturelink: null}, 9870: {instructions: Toss all ingredients together in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 pound baby artichokes, cleaned, trimmed and quartered, 1 head endive, julienned, 1 head radicchio, shredded thinly, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Baby Artichoke Salad, picturelink: null}, 9871: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk the cranberry juice and sugar in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat just until the sugar dissolves. Pour the cranberry mixture into a 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish. Cool completely. Whisk in the lime juice and vodka. Freeze until the granita becomes slushy, about 2 hours. Using fork, stir to blend. Continue freezing the granita until frozen, stirring every hour to form crystals, at least 5 hours or overnight.nDivide the granita among 6 dessert glasses. Garnish with fresh cranberries, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [2 cups cranberry juice, 13 cup sugar, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup vodka, 6 fresh cranberries, for garnish], title: Cranberry Granita, picturelink: kEZJ37XzJ4k8hQDlCN6vAkGcnsCyRky}, 9872: {instructions: For the tomato relish, coat a skillet with olive oil and place over medium heat. Saute the garlic, bay leaves, and onion together until they caramelize. Add the red peppers and cook until soft. Add the tomatoes, parsley and Worcestershire sauce, cook for 10 minutes until the vegetables cook down. Stir in the ketchup and continue to cook until heated through, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the ground beef and pork together with your hands. Fold in 12 cup of the tomato relish. Add the eggs and thyme and mix with both hands just until blended. Do not over mix or the meat loaf will become dense and tough. Season with salt and pepper. Coat a 9 by 5inch loaf pan with nonstick spray. Fill the loaf pan with the meat mixture, mounding it a bit on top. Generously spoon some tomato relish on the surface. When cooked, this will form a top crust. Place the loaf pan on a cookie sheet and bake in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 1 to 1 12 hours or until the meat loaf has pulled away from the sides of the pan. Remove from pan, allow to cool slightly before cutting into slices. Serve with remaining sauce on the side., ingredients: [Tomato relish:, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 bay leaves, 1 onion, diced, 2 red bell peppers, seeded and chopped, 2 tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 ounces bottled ketchup, 1 12 pounds ground beef, 1 pound ground pork, 3 eggs, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Country Meatloaf with Tomato Relish, picturelink: null}, 9873: {instructions: Whisk the mayonnaise, pepper brine, mustard, rosemary and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Spread evenly on the cut sides of the rolls. Heat 1 12 inches olive oil in a pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with paper towels. Whisk the flour, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Whisk the eggs and 2 tablespoons water in another bowl. Toss the onions in the flour, then fry in the hot oil until crisp, about 1 minute. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet to drain. Toss the mushrooms in the flour, dip in the egg mixture and toss again in the flour fry in batches until golden, about 2 minutes. Drain on the baking sheet and season with salt and pepper. Fill the rolls with the ham, Peppadew peppers, and fried onions and mushrooms.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [34 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup Peppadew peppers, halved, plus 1 tablespoon brine from the jar, 1 tablespoon Creole or wholegrain mustard, 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 hero rolls, split and partially hollowed out, Pure olive oil or a blend of extravirgin olive oil and vegetable oil, for frying, 1 12 cups instant flour such as Wondra, 4 large eggs, 2 medium red onions, very thinly sliced, 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, quartered, 12 pound sliced ham or capicola], title: Mushroom and Ham PoBoy, picturelink: d2BW.McYIFog4huCI9w27IPMx5mJ7E6}, 9874: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a 10inch cast iron pan on mediumhigh heat add the bacon and saute until almost crisp then add the onions and season with a pinch of salt and a couple of grinds of pepper. Saute until the onions are tender, then add the garlic and stir. When the garlic is tender use a slotted spoon to remove the mixture to a medium bowl and set aside. Leave the bacon fat in the cast iron pan and keep it on medium heat while you make the batter.nIn a large bowl combine the cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Stir the buttermilk, eggs, butter, and chiles into the bowl with the bacon mixture. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and gently pour in the egg mixture. Fold until all the ingredients are combined. Immediately pour the batter into the cast iron pan. Transfer the pan to the oven and bake until golden brown on top and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes.nGlaze: Melt the butter, sugar and a pinch of salt together in a small pan over low heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Once the cornbread is done, remove it from the oven and immediately pour the glaze over the top. Slice and serve warm., ingredients: [2 strips bacon, chopped, 12 cup chopped onion, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 cups yellow cornmeal recommended: Indian Head Old Fashioned StoneGround, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 eggs, beaten, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 4.5ounce can chopped green chiles, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch salt], title: Bacon and Green Chile Cornbread, picturelink: 2VyPvcgNGxMUdwKJq5EUIzhmXnInRt2}, 9875: {instructions: Make Classic Shortbread dough with just 1 cup flour. Add 1 cup ground oats and 34 cup finely ground hazelnuts with the flour. Mix onethird of the dough with 14 cup chopped hazelnuts freeze tablespoonfuls in clumps for 30 minutes. Press the remaining dough into a buttered 8inch square pan. Spread with raspberry preserves and top with the frozen clumps. Bake about 50 minutes at 350 degrees., ingredients: [], title: Hazelnut Linzer Bars, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 9876: {instructions: In a large sauce pot, bring 1 gallon of salted water to a boil. Add the broccoli rabe and blanch for 2 minutes. Drain.nMeanwhile, heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add oil, garlic and red pepper flakes. Allow garlic to brown.nAdd broccoli rabe to skillet with toasted garlic. Toss to combine. Toss in Parmesan and lemon zest. Season with salt and pepper. Cook over mediumhigh heat for 2 to 3 minutes., ingredients: [1 gallon water, Salt, 2 bunches broccoli rabe, chopped, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Pinch red pepper flakes, 14 cup grated fresh Parmesan, 1 lemon, zested, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Lemon Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: DQa2d6xURYmYT2pxbjnAA4sZhwHIHm}, 9877: {instructions: Combine 1 pound frozen pearl onions, 1 cup chicken broth and 2 tablespoons each molasses, cider vinegar and butter in a skillet season with salt and pepper. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until reduced to a glaze, about 20 minutes. Sprinkle with chopped parsley.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Glazed Pearl Onions, picturelink: r0kh9Zc6I2fd3noLG15ey.fDhGFCPgW}, 9878: {instructions: Cook the pasta in 2 quarts of salted water.nSet the tomatoes and peppers in the bottom of a mixing bowl with the olive oil and saffron vinegar.nOn a lightly oiled stovetop grill cook the sausages until they are done, about 6 or 7 minutes a side. Cut them into thin slices and add to the tomatoes and peppers.nWhen the pasta is done, drain it and toss with the sausages, tomatoes and peppers. Season and garnish with scallions., ingredients: [12 pound ziti, 4 tomatoes, seeded and cut into 12inch dice, 7 ounces pimientoes or roasted red peppers, finely sliced, 14 cup olive oil, 12 teaspoon saffron threads dissolved in 2 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar, 1 pound spicy chicken or turkey sausages, pricked with a fork, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 scallions, green parts only, thinly slice], title: Pasta with Grilled Poultry Sausages, picturelink: null}, 9879: {instructions: Special equipment: two oval cookie cutters, one measuring 3inches and one 3 12inchesnFor the spiced flaky pie dough: Combine the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor. Pulse in the butter and shortening until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Pulse in just enough ice water to form a dough that holds together. Cover and refrigerate the dough for 1 hour or overnight for a more flaky consistency.nFor the sour cherry filling: Whisk together the cherry juice, sugar and cornstarch in a medium pot. Cook the cherry juice slurry over medium heat until the slurry begins to simmer, then add the pitted cherries and boil for 4 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the lemon juice and let cool in the refrigerator in a shallow bowl.nFor the cherry pies: Preheat the oven to 370 degrees F. Grease a baking sheet with butter and set aside.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and place it on a clean countertop which has been dusted with flour. Roll out the dough with a rolling pin to a thin and even thickness. The larger cookie cutter will be used for the tops of the pies and the smaller cookie cutter for the bottoms. Cut out 20 tops and 20 bottoms and evenly space them out onto the prepared baking sheet.nWhisk together the egg with 12 cup of water. Dollop a tablespoon of sour cherry filling into the center of the bottom dough pieces and place the tops on top. Crimp the edges together with a fork to seal in the filling. Brush with the egg wash and sprinkle some sugar over the tops. Bake until golden brown, about 12 minutes.nTo serve: Put the chocolate in a heatproof medium bowl. Fill a medium saucepan with a couple inches of water and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Turn off the heat and set the bowl of chocolate over the water to melt. Stir until smooth. Alternatively, melt the chocolates in a microwave at halfpower for 1 minute, stir and heat for another minute or until melted.nOnce the pies are cooled, dip the bottom of each pie in the melted dark chocolate and let set., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup cold unsalted butter, cubed, 14 cup shortening, 6 tablespoons ice water, 1 cup cherry juice, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 4 cups pitted cherries, 14 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 cup allpurpose flour, for dusting, Unsalted butter, for greasing, 1 large egg, 1 cup sugar, 2 cups dark chocolate coating wafers or chopped dark chocolate], title: The Cherry Roach Pie, picturelink: null}, 9880: {instructions: Whisk together the corn syrup, chocolate syrup and food coloring until well blended.nPlace a sheet or tablecloth on cardboard so as not to stain the work surface. Use your fingers to drip the blood all over the fabric wearing latex gloves, making it look like blood spatter. Use your hand to make bloody handprints., ingredients: [12 cup golden corn syrup, 2 tablespoons chocolate syrup, 1 tablespoon red food coloring], title: Theatrical Blood, picturelink: null}, 9881: {instructions: Peel and cut the jicama into long thin strips. Slice the cucumbers in half, scoop out the seeds and then cut into strips similar in size to the jicama strips. Peel the mangoes, cut the cheeks off, then slice into wedges. Combine all the ingredients in a large mixing bowl with the chopped cilantro, powdered chile and lime juice. When ready to serve, season with a little salt and garnish with fresh cilantro sprigs., ingredients: [1 medium jicama about 1 pound, 2 small cucumbers, 3 medium mangoes, 14 cup roughly chopped cilantro leaves, plus sprigs, for garnish, 2 teaspoons powdered dried chile  any medium heat kind is fine, 2 limes, juiced, Kosher salt], title: Crunchy Jicama and Mango Salad with Chile and Lime, picturelink: 3rr1do5ADB.bmBHja14AHMatz0hgbi}, 9882: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 15 by 10 by 2inch glass baking dish.nMelt 2 tablespoons of butter in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and saute until crisp and golden, about 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the pancetta to a plate lined with a paper towel.nMelt the remaining butter in the same skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, carrots, celery, garlic, rosemary, and mushrooms. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Saute until the onions are very tender, about 12 minutes.nIn a large bowl, add the sauteed vegetables, the chestnuts, Parmesan and bread. Add enough broth to the stuffing mixture to moisten. Add the cooked pancetta and eggs. Season the stuffing, to taste, with salt and pepper and add the parsley. Stir to completely combine all the ingredients.nTransfer the stuffing to the prepared dish. Bake until the stuffing is heated through and the top is golden brown, 30 to 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [6 tablespoons 34 stick butter, plus more for baking dish, 8 ounces pancetta, cut into 14inch dice, 2 large onions, diced, 2 carrots, diced, 2 celery stalks, diced, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped rosemary leaves, 1 pound baby bella mushrooms, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 7.4ounce jars roasted peeled whole chestnuts, coarsely chopped, 23 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 pound dayold ciabatta bread, cut into 34inch cubes, 1 cup canned lowsalt chicken broth, plus more if needed, 2 large eggs, beaten, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves], title: Ciabatta Stuffing with Chestnuts, Mushrooms and Pancetta, picturelink: viYJqyneygVhSRi1Cw5eUqERJLIOYb2}, 9883: {instructions: Preheat a griddle or cast iron skillet. Spread each side of split roll with pesto or tapenade. Layer some turkey and cheese on one half of roll and top with other half.nAdd a couple of teaspoonfuls of butter to skillet and add roll. Top with aluminum foil, put heavy weight on top and cook the sandwich, weighted down, slowly for 4 to 5 minutes. Turn sandwich over, add a couple more teaspoonfuls of butter to skillet and cook weighted down until cheese has meltedanother minute or so. Serve hot and eat with knife and fork. Serve with Fennel and Roasted Pepper Salad below., ingredients: [2 Kaiser rolls, onion or poppy seed, sliced in half horizontally, 14 cup basil puree or black olive tapenade, 6 ounces thinly sliced turkey breast, 2 ounces grated smoked mozzarella cheese, Softened butter], title: Turkey and Smoked Mozzarella Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 9884: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl whisk together vinegar, orange juice, zest, and raisins. Core and cube apples and pears. Add fruit and walnuts to a bowl and drizzle with oil. Toss well to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Refrigerate 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 12 tablespoons orange juice, 1 orange, zested, 12 cup raisins, 4 apples, preferably use 2 to 3 different kinds, 2 pears, preferably red and green, 23 cup walnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Apple, Pear and Walnut Salad, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 9885: {instructions: Special equipment: Six 4ounce jelly jars, ramekins or pudding cupsnCombine the grapes, sugar, 14 cup heavy cream and 12 cup water in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook, partially covered, stirring occasionally, until the grapes are soft and the sugar has melted, about 10 minutes. Test one of the grapes to see if it is soft enough by pressing it against the side of the pot: If it smashes easily, it is ready set aside to steep for 5 minutes.nPut 12 cup cold water in a medium bowl and sprinkle the gelatin on top. Let sit until the gelatin is fully absorbed Do not stir. Strain the hot grape mixture into the gelatin, whisking gently. Press on the solids in the strainer to extract as much liquid as possible. Discard solids. You should have 3 cups liquid. Skim foam if desired.nPour the mixture into six 4ounce jelly jars, ramekins or pudding cups. Chill until set, at least 2 hours and up to overnight.nBefore serving, whip the remaining 13 cup heavy cream to soft peaks with a hand mixer. Dollop the cream on top of the jellies and sprinkle with the peanuts., ingredients: [2 pounds Concord grapes, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup heavy cream, plus 13 cup for whipping, Two 0.25ounce packets powdered gelatin, 13 cup chopped salted, roasted peanuts], title: Concord Grape Gelatin with Roasted Peanuts, picturelink: null}, 9886: {instructions: Mix the seasonings together in a small bowl and sprinkle onto the chicken halves. Let the seasoned chicken sit, covered, in the refrigerator at least 1 hour and a half before grilling.nPreheat the grill. Place the chicken, bone side down, onto the grill and leave for at least 15 minutes to make sure the seasoning sticks. Gently turn the chicken over and continue to let it cook for another 15 minutes.nPop the seal of the beer can just enough to spray a fine mist over the chicken without disrupting or extinguishing your flame. If you are using a bottle of beer, use your thumb to control the amount of liquid coming out of the bottle.nTurn the chicken often, using the beer to keep it moist, and making sure not to tear the skin.nGrill until the chicken reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, or its juices run clear, about 1 hour 50 minutes. Remove from the grill and let the chicken rest about 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 teaspoons lemon pepper, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons garlic salt, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 large size chicken halves, 1 can or bottle of beer recommended: Coors beer], title: BBQ Beer Chicken, picturelink: 6G1wANIOWcdIVM6oCE86HbqqZguLa}, 9887: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the Chocolate Cookies, in a large bowl use an electric mixer to cream together the butter and sugar until light in color and fluffy. In another medium bowl stir together the flour, cornmeal or polenta, cocoa powder, baking powder, salt, and orange zest. Add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture and stir to combine using a wooden spoon. Place the dough on a sheet of plastic wrap. Press the dough into a 1inch high round. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 1 day.nRoll out the dough to between 18 and 14inch thick. Use a 1 34inch round cookie cutter to cut out the dough. Bake on a heavy baking sheet for 15 minutes. Place the baking sheets on a wire rack to cool cookies.nMeanwhile, to make the Orange Filling, combine the butter, powdered sugar, orange zest, and salt in a medium bowl. Use an electric mixer to cream the ingredients together.nTo assemble the cookie sandwiches, place about 1 teaspoon of the Orange Filling on a cookie. Top with another cookie and press the cookies together. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 day., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature 2 sticks, 23 cup sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornmeal or polenta, 13 cup cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 orange, zested, 12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature 1 stick, 34 cup powdered sugar, 12 orange, zested, Pinch salt], title: Italian Chocolate Sandwich Cookie, picturelink: Yyes4wjoVw.EcoXiZBz9cJfYUl0Muge}, 9888: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine the potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 12 to 2inch pieces, and the garlic, with enough salted cold water to cover the potatoes by 12 inch. Bring to a simmer and cook, covered, for 15 to 25 minutes, or until they are tender but not falling apart.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, in a small saucepan heat the cream with the 1 cup butter, the goat cheese, and salt and pepper, to taste over moderately low heat, stirring, until the butter and cheese are just melted and smooth. Keep the mixture warm.nDrain the potatoes and garlic and force them through a food mill fitted with the medium disk or a ricer into a bowl. With an electric mixer beat in the butter mixture, the scallion, and salt and pepper to taste, beating just until the potatoes are fluffy and smooth do not overbeat, and transfer the mixture to a 1quart shallow flameproof baking dish. Dot with remaining 2 tablespoons butter.nThe potatoes may be prepared up to this point 2 days in advance and kept covered and chilled. Reheat the potatoes in a preheated 400 degree oven for 20 minutes, or until they are heated through, before broiling them.nBroil the potatoes under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 3 to 5 minutes, or until the top is golden.nWine Suggestions: Kendall Jackson Chardonnay Hahn Estates or Glass Mountain Merlot Rosemount Shiraz, ingredients: [4 pounds yellowfleshed potatoes or baking potatoes, like russets, 12 garlic cloves, 23 cup heavy cream, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 23 cup mild goat cheese such as Montrachet about 3 12 ounces, 12 cup minced scallion, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Goat Cheese MashedPotato Gratin, picturelink: aCdvR7spajPiMqjw9WcHOh8Uz1XjFG}, 9889: {instructions: Heat oven to 300 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with silpats French nonstick baking mats and cooling racks. Stir thyme and cayenne pepper into oil. Place bread on racks in 1 layer. Brush with oil. Sprinkle cheese evenly over bread. Bake until golden and crunchy, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool on racks. Store in airtight containers for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 loaf olive bread approximately 5 by 11 inches, cut lengthwise into 14inchthick slices, 4 ounces Parmesan or Gruyere cheese, grated about 1 cup], title: Cheese Toast GT, picturelink: null}, 9890: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse together the nuts, flour, cornmeal, and salt until finely ground and smooth.nUsing a handheld or stand mixer, beat together the butter and 12 cup powdered sugar in a medium bowl until light and creamy. Add the lemon juice, 1 teaspoon zest, and vanilla and beat to combine. With the mixer on low speed, add the dry ingredients in 3 batches until just combined be careful not to overmix. Chill the dough in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nIn a shallow bowl, combine the remaining sugar with remaining zest. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoll the dough into 1 12inch balls. Transfer the dough onto cookie sheets and bake until firm and very pale golden, about 12 to 15 minutes.nWhile the cookies are still warm, roll each cookie in the sugar mixture. To achieve a solid coating, roll each of the cookies a second time in the sugar mixture., ingredients: [1 14 cups pine nuts, toasted, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornmeal, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup powdered sugar, plus 1 cup for rolling, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, plus 2 teaspoons, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Lemon Nut Cookies, picturelink: v8MUVlLdDCAdbulb2E6RgcExzF1ejW}, 9891: {instructions: Soak the cod in cold water to cover in a cool spot or refrigerator for at least 24 hours or up to 3 days, changing the water frequently. After 24 hours, break off a tiny piece of fish and taste for saltiness. If fish is still quite salty, continue soaking until water is very clear and fish is almost sweet in taste.nPlace potatoes in cold water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook for about 15 minutes or until potatoes are almost cooked through. Drain.nHeat oil in a large, heavy bottomed casserole over medium heat. Add the celery and saute for about 5 minutes, then add the onion and saute until vegetables begin to get soft. Add the olives and saute for an additional minute. Stir in the tomatoes and their juice. Bring to a boil. Lower heat and simmer for 10 minutes.nStir in broth and return to simmer.nStir in the potatoes and the soaked baccala and simmer for about 10 minutes or until the potatoes are cooked and the baccala flakes when poked with a fork.nTaste and, if necessary, add salt. Serve hot., ingredients: [4 pounds dried salt cod, cut into 3inch pieces, soaked, 8 to 10 allpurpose potatoes, peeled and quartered, 1 cup fine quality olive oil, 1 bunch celery, trimmed, well washed, and cut into 3inch pieces, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 cups Gaeta olives, pitted, Four 28ounce cans hand crushed San Marzano plum tomatoes, with juice, 12 cups chicken broth, Salt, to taste], title: Uncle Vincents Christmas Eve Baccala, picturelink: null}, 9892: {instructions: For the filling:nHeat a wok over high heat, and pour in the groundnut oil. Add the chicken pieces, and reconstituted mushrooms, and stirfry for 1 to 2 minutes, then season with the soy sauce and fivespice powder. Remove the contents from the wok, and set them aside to cool for 10 minutes. Clean the wok.nAdd the ginger, bean sprouts, spring onions, and carrot to a bowl. Then, add the chicken and mushrooms, the oyster, and soy sauces and stir to mix. Season with sea salt, and black pepper, to taste.nFor the spring rolls: Take 2 spring roll wrappers and lay 1 on top of the other. Cooks Note: The extra thickness will prevent the skin from breaking. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the filling in the center of the wrapper. Brush each corner with the blended cornstarch slurry. Bring the 2 opposite side corners of the wrapper together and, keeping your finger on those edges, bring the bottom corner up towards the middle, then roll the pastry with the filling towards the top corner. Tuck the top edge in, and seal it with the cornstarch slurry. Repeat until the remaining ingredients are used up. Place the spring rolls in the refrigerator to chill until ready to fry.nHeat a wok or heavybottomed pan over a high heat, and fill it to a quarter of its depth with enough groundnut oil.nHeat the oil to 350 degrees F, or until a cube of bread dropped in it turns golden brown in 15 seconds.nDeep fry the spring rolls until golden brown, turning frequently, and then transfer them, using a slotted spoon, to drain on an absorbent kitchen towel., ingredients: [1 tablespoon groundnut oil peanut, 1 7 ounce skinless chicken breast, cut into peasized pieces, 4 dried Chinese mushrooms or dried shitake mushrooms or dried porcini mushrooms, reconstituted in hot water for 20 minutes, drained and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fivespice powder, 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 3 ounces bean sprouts, 2 large spring onions, finely sliced lengthwise, 1 small carrot, julienned, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 12 tablespoon light soy sauce, Sea salt and freshly cracked white pepper, 12 large or 24 small spring roll wrappers, thawed, if frozen, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, blended with 1 tablespoon hot water, Groundnut oil, for frying], title: Chicken and Vegetable Spring Rolls, picturelink: null}, 9893: {instructions: In a nonstick skillet melt butter over medium heat. Add scallions and cook, stirring, until soft.nIn a bowl whisk together eggs and milk and season with salt and pepper. Reduce heat to medium low and add egg mixture to skillet. Cook, stirring, until almost set. Transfer eggs to bread cups and top with salmon and caviar.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nUsing a 2 23 round cutter or juice glass cut bread into rounds. Butter both sides with melted butter and press into mini muffin tins, being careful not to tear bread. Season with salt. Bake for 10 to15 minutes until toast are firm to the touch and slightly golden in color. Fill with desired fillings.nYield: 12 mini bread cups, ingredients: [1 tablespoons butter, 14 cup minced scallions, 4 large eggs, 1 tablespoons milk, Salt and pepper, 3 ounces smoked salmon, julienned, Bread Cups, recipe follows, Garnishes: caviar, dill sprigs, finely chopped red onion, 12 slices fresh thin sliced white bread, crusts removed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Salt], title: Scrambled Eggs with Smoked Salmon, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 9894: {instructions: Coat a stovetop grill pan or griddle with cooking spray and set over mediumhigh heat to preheat. Season both sides of tuna with salt and cracked pepper. Place tuna on hot pan and cook 2 to 3 minutes per side for medium doneness.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine pineapple, papaya, onion, chile pepper, lime juice, cilantro, and chili oil. Mix well and season, to taste, with salt. Serve tuna over noodles and spoon salsa over top., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 4 tuna steaks about 5 ounces each, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup diced pineapple, 1 ripe papaya, peeled, seeded and diced, 14 cup minced red onion, 1 serrano chile pepper, seeded and minced, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon hot chili oil, 8 ounces somen noodles, cooked according to package directions], title: Grilled Tuna with Hot PineapplePapaya Salsa, picturelink: F0qDF39.d0Dn8ATTXLaozMJp..RUUsi}, 9895: {instructions: In a large measuring cup, mix together the heavy cream, sweetened condensed milk, espresso and vanilla extract. Refrigerate until well chilled, about 1 hour.nOnce the mixture is thoroughly chilled, turn on your ice cream machine and pour in the cream mixture. Churn until the mixture looks slushy like soft serve, 12 to 15 minutes. Place the canister in the freezer until the ice cream is firm enough to scoop, for several hours.nServe with whipped cream and chocolate covered espresso beans., ingredients: [2 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup espresso about 5 shots, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Whipped cream, optional, Chocolate covered espresso beans, for topping], title: Espresso Ice Cream, picturelink: m1DU19ufZNtugUsXKBNQ5N0aZ8VJHq}, 9896: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Melt 1 tablespoon butter. Place 1 phyllo sheet on a clean surface cover the other sheets with a damp towel, brush with melted butter and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon parmesan. Cover with another phyllo sheet, brush with more butter and sprinkle with another teaspoon parmesan. Top with the remaining phyllo sheet and brush with butter. Cut the phyllo stack into 24 squares, about 3 inches each. Brush a 24cup mini muffin tin with oil, then firmly press a phyllo square, butteredside down, into each cup. Bake until golden, 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and garlic and cook until translucent. Stir in the flour, then add the milk and stir until the mixture is smooth, 1 minute. Add the nutmeg, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Stir in the goat cheese, lemon zest and vinegar until the cheese melts. Remove from the heat and mix in the egg yolks, then the spinach.nBeat the egg whites to stiff peaks and fold into the spinach filling. Spoon about 1 tablespoon filling into each phyllo cup and top with the remaining parmesan. Bake until the filling is set, 15 minutes. Cool slightly in the pan remove and top with the chives.nPhotograph by Kate Sears, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 sheets frozen phyllo dough, thawed, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 1 large shallot, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 14 cup milk, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 12 ounces mild goat cheese, softened, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 2 large eggs, separated, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Spinach and Goat Cheese Tartlets, picturelink: EJOoUg3kuAYsr2o.ym9GB5Vbs3HpLr.}, 9897: {instructions: Bring a large pot of cold water to a boil over high heat, then salt it generously. Add the pasta and cook, stirring occasionally until al dente, tender but not mushy, about 8 minutes.nWhile the pasta cooks, combine the garlic, olive oil, the 1 teaspoon salt, and red pepper flakes in a large skillet and warm over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the garlic softens and turns golden, about 8 minutes.nDrain the pasta in a colander set in the sink, reserving about a 14 cup of the cooking water. Add the pasta and the reserved water to the garlic mixture. Mix well. Add the parsley and lemon zest if using. Adjust seasoning, to taste. Transfer to a large serving bowl or divide amongst 4 to 6 dishes. Serve topped with grated cheese, if desired., ingredients: [Kosher salt, to taste, plus 1 teaspoon, 1 pound spaghetti, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 12 lemon, zested, optional, Freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, optional], title: Spaghetti with Oil and Garlic Aglio Et Olio, picturelink: ONFZch8s1.tbSLw9q4zAKvJNMSXWLbi}, 9898: {instructions: 1. Adjust a rack to lowest position and remove other racks.n2. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.n3. Pat turkey dry, inside and out, with paper towels. Season inside of breast cavity with salt and pepper and stuff with onion, garlic, herbs, and bay leaves. Set bird on a roasting rack set in a roasting pan, breast side up, and brush with half of butter. Season with salt and pepper. Tent aluminum foil over bird.n4. Roast turkey on lowest oven rack for 2 hours. Remove foil and baste with remaining butter and pan drippings. Increase oven temperature to 425 degrees F and continue to roast until an instantread thermometer, inserted into thigh of bird, registers 170 degrees F, about 45 minutes more. Remove turkey from oven and let rest 20 minutes. Remove and discard onion, garlic, herbs, and bay leaves before carving., ingredients: [1 8 to 10pound turkey, neck and giblets removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, quartered, 1 head garlic, halved, Several sprigs of fresh herbs, such as thyme, parsley, rosemary, or sage, 2 bay leaves, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Roast Turkey, picturelink: null}, 9899: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler.nOn a heatproof serving platter, layer the tortillas to cover the surface of the platter. Top with 13 of the black beans. Place 13 of the artichokes on top of the black beans. Sprinkle some of the cheese and tomatoes on top of the artichokes. Repeat the layers 2 more times. Place under the broiler until the cheese melts. Garnish with dollops of sour cream and the chopped scallions., ingredients: [1 9ounce bag red or blue corn tortillas, 1 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 12ounce jar marinated and quartered artichoke hearts, 1 8ounce bag preshredded Monterey jack, 5 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 cup sour cream, 12 bunch scallions, cut into 14inch thick slices], title: Artichoke and Black Bean Nachos, picturelink: kakDE4y8EvUBKihPzCPAzpCPa3Zspe}}