{9900: {instructions: In a blender, puree the hazelnuts with the vinegars. Add the Gorgonzola and puree for 1 minute. With the motor running, add the olive oil in a steady stream. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nWash arugula, pat dry, and separate leaves of radicchio. Break leaves into bitesized pieces.nJust before serving, toss salad greens in a bowl with enough vinaigrette to coat leaves., ingredients: [12 cup roasted and skinned hazelnuts, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled, 23 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large bunches arugula about 12 ounces, 2 medium heads radicchio about 12 ounces], title: Arugula and Radicchio Salad with Hazelnut Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 9901: {instructions: Coat a large saucepan with extravirgin olive oil and bring to a mediumhigh heat. Add the diced onion, season with salt, and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the fennel and crushed red pepper and cook for another 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and sweat for 1 to 2 more minutes. The veggies should look soft and wilted, be very aromatic, but not have any color. Add the white wine and cook until it has reduced by half. Stir in the tomatoes, saffron, lemon zest, bay leaf, and 1 cup of water. Taste for seasoning, and season with salt. It should not taste done but it should taste good. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for about 15 minutes. Taste again it should taste really good now. Add some more salt, if needed, it probably will. Turn off the heat and reserve.nCoat a large skillet with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Season the shrimp generously with salt. When the oil is sizzling, add the shrimp and cook them on both sides until they turn pink, about 1 minute on each side. Remove the shrimp from the pan to a plate and reserve.nRemove the oil from the pan and put over mediumhigh heat. Add the clams and the cooked tomato mixture. Cover and cook until the clams begin to open, about 5 minutes. If the tomato mixture starts to become too thick add some water. Taste to make sure it tastes good and season with some salt, if needed. Add the beans, escarole, and the cooked shrimp. Cover and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes.nRemove the clams and shrimp from the pan to a bowl. Spoon the tomatoes and beans into 2 large bowls. Arrange the shrimp and clams on top. Garnish with the reserved fennel fronds and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil. Call yourself a super star, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 1 large or 2 small onions, cut into 12inch dice, Kosher salt, 1 fennel bulb, cut into 12inch dice, fronds reserved, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 4 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 28ounce can Italian plum tomatoes, pureed, 1 large pinch saffron, 1 lemon, zested, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup water, 4 extralarge U10 shrimp headon unpeeled, 1 dozen littleneck clams, 1 cup cooked or canned cannellini beans, drained, 2 cups escarole leaves, washed and torn into pieces], title: Shrimp Cacciucco, picturelink: null}, 9902: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBegin by boiling the potatoes in salted water 14 tablespoon until fork tender. Drain in a colander.nSaute the sliced cabbage in the olive oil on medium heat with the thyme. Cover and cook until soft, stirring occasionally.nIn a small saucepan, warm the broth. Return the cooked potatoes to the pot they were boiled in and mash. When the cabbage is cooked, fold into the potatoes. Add the Organic Chicken Broth, 12 cup at a time, using only whats needed to make them creamy. Add salt and pepper to taste.nPut all the ingredients into a large soup pot and fill the entire pot with cold water, covering the chicken and vegetables as much as possible. Stir. Bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer. Cook uncovered for a couple of hours to extract the vegetable flavors. Strain over another soup pot or large bowl, separating the scraps from the broth. Divide among containers and freeze., ingredients: [4 russet potatoes, peeled and cubed, Salt, 3 cups thinly sliced green cabbage, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped, 1 cup Organic Chicken Broth, recipe follows, Ground pepper, 1 organic chicken carcassleftover chicken bits, skin removed, Carrots, roughly chopped, Celery, roughly chopped, Leeks, washed and chopped, Onion, chopped, 10 peppercorns, 3 large bay leaves, Any leftover fresh herbs such as thyme, rosemary, oregano, parsley], title: Colcannon, picturelink: hmPtKUxf4rxiyMe28JGDF.Q9BHmZ6m}, 9903: {instructions: Cut the top half off of the muffin cups so that they are shallower.nReserve 14 cup of the chopped chocolate. Pour the rest into a glass bowl and melt in the microwave at 50 percent power for 1 minute. Stir gently, and let sit for a minute or so. If the chocolate needs more melting, microwave again at half power for 30 seconds. Stir gently. Continue the process, stirring gently as you go. But be very careful not to overcook the chocolate.nTemper the melted chocolate by stirring in the reserved 14 cup of chopped chocolate as it cools. This will reemulsify the chocolate and enable it to harden at room temperature.nUsing a teaspoon, spoon a portion of the chocolate into the middle of a muffin cup. Draw the chocolate up the edges of the cup with the back of the spoon or you can paint the chocolate on with a small paintbrush. Coat the entire inside of the muffin cup with chocolate and place it into a muffin tin. Repeat with the remaining muffin cups and then put the whole muffin tin in the refrigerator so that the chocolate hardens.nCombine the peanut butter, powdered sugar, and salt in a mixer. Pour the mixture into a resealable plastic bag and seal.nWhen the chocolate in the muffin cups has hardened, pop the sweetened peanut butter into the microwave on full power for 1 minute. This will soften up the peanut butter so that it easily flows into the cups. Cut a corner off the edge of the plastic bag. You can use this to pipe the peanut butter into each of the chocolatecoated cups. Put a banana chip on top of each cup. Put the candy in the refrigerator to harden the peanut butter. This should take 15 to 20 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [12 paper muffin cups, 1 9.7ounce bar bittersweet chocolate, chopped recommended: Scharffen Berger, 1 cup your favorite peanut butter, 12 cup powdered sugar, Pinch grey salt, 12 to 15 dried banana chips], title: Build Me Up, Peanut Butter Cup, picturelink: bpQBFfOmEJPKihjG5zcNBJK1Jxm74AC}, 9904: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the flour and salt, add the butter, and blend the mixture with your fingertips or two knives until it resembles coarse meal. Add the shortening and blend the mixture until it resembles meal. Add the ice water, tossing the mixture with a fork, and adding more water if necessary to form a soft but not sticky dough. Shape the dough into a ball.nThe dough may be rolled out immediately or wrapped in waxed paper and chilled, for up to 2 days. The dough may be frozen, wrapped in plastic wrap and foil, for up to 1 month.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a bowl, combine sugar, cranberries, apples, walnuts, raisins, orange juice, the zest, and the flour and toss gently. Divide the filling among 8 individual pie tins or souffle cups.nOn a lightly floured board, roll out the dough in a rectangle 18inch thick. Cut out 8 rounds 13 inch larger than pie tins or souffle cups and cut 1 slit in the middle. Put a pastry round on top of each cup and brush with milk and sprinkle with sugar. Pressing with the tines of a fork, seal the pastry to the rim of the cup.nPlace the cups on a baking sheet and bake the pies in the middle of the oven for 15 minutes. Reduce the temperature to 400 degrees F. and bake the piece for 10 minutes more, or until the crusts are golden.nDessert Wine: Bonny Doon Vin de Glaciere, ingredients: [1 13 cups sugar, or to taste, 12 ounces cranberries fresh or frozen, picked over and coarsely chopped, 1 13 pounds Golden Delicious apples about 5 mediumlarge, peeled, cored, and coarsely chopped, 13 cup toasted walnuts, coarsely chopped, 13 cup raisins, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons milk, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 1 cup cold vegetable shortening, cut into bits, 12 cup ice water], title: Individual Cranberry Apple DeepDish Pies, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 9905: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter a medium size casserole dish. Place a single layer of potatoes in dish and top with potatoes, parsnips, carrots and onions. Season with salt and pepper, dot with 2 tablespoons butter and sprinkle with 14 cup of cheese. Place a second layer of vegetables and repeat process. Pour stock over vegetables and cover with aluminum foil. Bake for 40 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Remove foil and top with remaining Parmesan and bake until golden. Serve hot., ingredients: [12 stick unsalted butter, 2 large potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 12 cups parsnips, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 12 cups carrots, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 cup thinly sliced onion, Salt and pepper, 1 12 cups low sodium chicken stock, 34 cup grated Parmesan], title: Baked Root Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 9906: {instructions: Heat the apple cider in a nonreactive saucepan.nIn a bowl, combine the softened butter, brown sugar, nutmeg, cinnamon, and cloves. Whip until the butter becomes creamy and the ingredients are incorporated. Place the graham crackers and pumpkin pie spice in a plastic baggie and crush with a rolling pin. Combine the rum extract with the nondairy whipped topping. In a footed coffee glass, place a single cinnamon stick and a slice of spiced butter. Pour 1 shot whiskey into the glass. Ladle the hot cider to fill the glass. Garnish with a dollop of rumflavored topping and a sprinkle of graham cracker crumb mixture. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 cups apple cider, 1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, softened, 14 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 8 graham crackers, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 2 teaspoons rum extract, 2 cups nondairy whipped topping, 4 whole cinnamon sticks, 4 shots bourbon whiskey], title: Hot Apple Cider Toddy, picturelink: null}, 9907: {instructions: In parfait cups or cocktail glasses, layer creme de menthe with French vanilla ice cream. Garnish parfaits with raspberries and fresh mint leaves., ingredients: [Creme de Menthe liqueur, for drizzling, Softened French vanilla ice cream, 1 pint per 4 servings, Suggested garnish: fresh mint leaves, raspberries], title: Creme de Menthe Parfaits, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 9908: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nSoak the potato wedges in a bowl of water for 10 minutes. Drain the potatoes and then fully pat them dry with paper towels or a lintfree dish cloth.nLayer a baking sheet with 2 tablespoons oil and generously sprinkle with salt and pepper.nAdd the potatoes to the pan and drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and spread them evenly in a single layer on the pan. Cover tightly with foil and bake for 5 to 10 minutes. Remove the foil and bake until the bottoms are golden brown, about 10 minutes. Flip with a spatula and cook until the other side is golden brown, another 10 to 13 minutes.nIn a small saute pan, melt the butter with the garlic and let the garlic gently cook over mediumlow heat until fragrant, 5 to 7 minutes.nWhen the potatoes are cooked, toss them with the garlic butter and fresh herbs., ingredients: [3 russet potatoes, scrubbed and cut lengthwise into about 12 wedges, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons grated fresh garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped], title: ButterGarlic Oven Fries with Herbs, picturelink: 8SwmiWgBnuzL1PMchfWGbWmSCOCFwTq}, 9909: {instructions: heat bacon, eat it, ingredients: [], title: Fruit Butter, picturelink: null}, 9910: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the baked potato in half and scoop the flesh into a large bowl discard the skin. Using a fork mash the potato, salt and pepper together until smooth. Mix in 3 tablespoons of the egg reserve the remaining egg for another use. Sprinkle the flour over the potato mixture. Stir until the mixture forms a dough. Knead until smooth, 30 seconds.nOn a lightly floured work surface, divide the dough into 4 equal pieces. Roll each piece between your palms and the work surface into a 12inchdiameter rope about 20 inches long. Cut the dough into 1inch pieces. Roll each piece of dough over a wooden paddle with ridges or over the tines of a fork to form grooves in the dough.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the gnocchi and cook until the gnocchi rise to the surface, about 1 minute. Continue cooking until the gnocchi are tender, 1 to 2 minutes longer. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of pasta cooking water.nFor the sauce: In a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the olives and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomato sauce and bring to a simmer. Add the gnocchi to the skillet and stir until heated through, about 1 minute. Transfer to a large serving bowl. Add the Parmesan and basil. Toss gently until all the ingredients are coated, adding the reserved pasta water as needed to loosen the sauce, and serve., ingredients: [One 1pound russet potato, baked and cooled see Cooks Note, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg, beaten, 14 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 34 cup kalamata or green olives, pitted and halved, 1 12 cups tomatobasil sauce, such as Giada De Laurentiis for Target, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 12 packed cup fresh basil leaves, chopped], title: Gnocchi with Tomatoes, Basil and Olives, picturelink: bAn1qOn7l4YPLBYALWLRSrVA6nj14S}, 9911: {instructions: Place limeade and lemonade concentrate in a pitcher or punch bowl. Add Champagne and chopped mint and stir. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Pour into individual glasses and garnish each glass with a sprig of mint and a slice of honeydew., ingredients: [1 5 or 6ounce can pink frozen lemonade concentrate, 1 5 or 6ounce can frozen limeade concentrate, 1 bottle Champagne or sparkling wine, chilled, Chopped mint leaves, plus sprigs for garnishing, 8 small slices honeydew melon], title: Limeade Punch, picturelink: j5dIHTCsjZIJB91dKhmp0HKvQ9ewu}, 9912: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Use a paring knife to prick squash all over. Place in a baking dish and bake 1 hour or until soft. Cut squash in half. Scoop out and discard seeds. Using a fork, scrape flesh in strings into a serving bowl. Toss with Parmesan and butter and season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 medium spaghetti squash, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 12 stick butter, Salt and pepper], title: Spaghetti Squash with Parmesan Cheese, picturelink: Qrsv62TF6HSBW1D9vd9cndNgLtucaG}, 9913: {instructions: In a small sauce pot combine the cherries and wine, reduce by 13 and let cool. While the cherries are cooling, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large saute pan and saute sausages, mushroom, carrot, and leeks, until soft and the sausages are cooked through, about 4 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and set aside. Finish the pesto by combining the cherries, basil, walnuts, and garlic in a food processor and pulse. While blending, slowly add 1 cup of olive oil until all is incorporated and you have a well emulsified pesto. Remove pesto to a mixing bowl and, if using, fold in the cheese. To the sauteed vegetables, add 2 cups of purple passion rice, cooked to manufacturers specifications, toss with the pesto, and baby spinach. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup sundried cherries, 14 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12 links vegetarian sausages, sliced on the bias, 1 portobello mushroom, thinly sliced, 1 carrot, julienned, 12 cup julienned leeks, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 14 cup roasted walnuts, 6 to 10 cloves roasted garlic, 1 cup virgin olive oil, 14 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese or omit if vegetarian, 2 cups cooked purple passion rice, 12 cup baby spinach], title: Sundried Cherry Pesto with Purple Passion Rice, picturelink: null}, 9914: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add linguini and cook according to the package directions or until al dente, about 10 minutes. Drain. Set aside.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat saute lobster tails in olive oil 3 minutes on each side remove and set aside. Saute scallops, 2 minutes on each side, remove and set aside. Saute shrimp, 1 minute on each side, remove and place on the side. In the same skillet saute onions, garlic, mussels, and clams stirring constantly for 3 minutes. Add white wine and reduce for 1 minute. Remove and discard any shellfish that do not open. Add the can of fresh tomatoes, basil, oregano, salt, ground pepper, chicken stock, and calamari and then transfer the rest of the cooked seafood and simmer for 4 minutes. Add linguini and grated cheese and tossing mixture until coated with sauce., ingredients: [34 pound linguini, Four 5ounce lobster tails, each cut into halfs, shells on, 1 cup olive oil, 10 ounces large sea scallops, 8 U12 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 mediumsized onion, peeled and diced, 10 cloves garlic, sliced, 12 mussels, scrubbed and bearded, 12 cherrystone clams, scrubbed, 12 cup white wine, 2 large ripe tomatoes, diced, 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 4 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped oregano leaves, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons ground black pepper, 1 cup chicken stock, 6 ounces calamari tubes only, cut into rings, 13 cup grated Romano cheese], title: Broadway Diner  Broadway Festival Seafood Pasta, picturelink: null}, 9915: {instructions: Whisk together the vinegar, mustard and honey in a small bowl. Whisk in the olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nPut the tomatoes, corn, cucumbers and onions in a large bowl, add half of the dressing and toss to coat season with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes.nBrush the bread slices with the olive oil, season with salt and pepper and tear into pieces. Chop most of the basil leaves, reserving some whole leave for rubbing the salmon and as a garnish. Just before serving, add the bread and chopped basil to the tomato salad.nHeat a charcoal or gas grill to medium high for direct grilling. Rub each salmon fillet on both sides with some of the basil leaves, brush with canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through, about 3 minutes per side.nPut the salmon on a platter and drizzle each piece with a little of the remaining dressing. Top with the salad, drizzle with more of the dressing and garnish with basil leaves., ingredients: [14 cup chardonnay vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 assorted heirloom tomatoes, cut in halves or quarters cherry tomato varieties left whole, 8 ears corn, grilled and kernels removed, 1 English cucumber, quartered lengthwise and cut crosswise into dice, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 loaf Tuscan bread, sliced 12 inch thick, 1 bunch fresh basil, Eight 6ounce salmon fillets, Canola oil, for brushing], title: Heirloom Tomato and Grilled Corn Panzanella with Salmon, picturelink: vsqRkMzitODoBBH6kl7JiLzDqqlrPoW}, 9916: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, gently mix the chicken, garlic, egg, bread crumbs, Worcestershire, paprika, onion powder, oregano, thyme, brown sugar, lemon zest, 2 healthy pinches of salt and a few grinds of pepper in a bowl. Form into mini meatballs, slightly smaller than a golf ball it should make 28 to 30 meatballs. Warm the butter and oil in a large pan over mediumhigh heat. Transfer the meatballs to the pan and do not disturb for 3 minutes to brown well. Turn, cooking another 3 minutes without disturbing. Keep cooking until browned and cooked on all sides, but still juicy and plump with a spring to the touch. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain. Serve atop Collard Green Pesto Linguine, if desired.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Blanch collards until bright green, about 1 minute. Transfer immediately to an ice bath to shock, saving the boiling water for cooking the pasta. Remove the collards from the ice water and pat dry with paper towels before transferring them to a food processor.nAdd the linguine to the pot of salted boiling water and cook according to package instructions.nMeanwhile, in a dry skillet, over low heat, toast the pecans until fragrant. Transfer to the food processor with Parmesan, olives and garlic. With food processor running, slowly drizzle in olive oil until pesto comes together. Taste for seasoning, and add salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste.nTo serve, put enough pesto to coat the pasta into a large serving bowl. Drain the pasta and quickly add it to the bowl. The water still clinging to the pasta will loosen up the pesto. Toss to coat. Add more pesto, if needed. Transfer the pasta to a serving bowl and garnish with Parmesan sprinkled over the top., ingredients: [1 pound ground chicken, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 egg, whisked, 3 tablespoons unseasoned wholewheat bread crumbs, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon Hungarian or hot paprika, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, about 1 small sprig, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, about 5 sprigs, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 1 lemon, zested, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Serving suggestion: Collard Green Pesto Linguine, recipe follows, 1 pound bunch collards, ribs discarded, leaves roughly chopped, One 13ounce box wholewheat linguine, 14 cup pecans, 1 14 cups grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, 2 cloves garlic, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Zesty Chicken Meatballs, picturelink: MGBb1AQP65xFvBTBqh3wxjUd95k1Fa}, 9917: {instructions: Muddle the mint, honey and rum together in a large pitcher until well combined. Add the raspberries, lime wheels, peaches, cantaloupe and wine stir well. Pour into glasses over ice, and enjoy, especially if its a hot day, ingredients: [23 cup lightly packed mint leaves, 6 tablespoons honey, 1 cup white rum, cold, 1 pound raspberries, 2 limes, cut into wheels, 2 medium peaches, sliced, 12 cantaloupe, diced or balled, 2 bottles pinot grigio or chardonnay, chilled], title: White Summer Sangria, picturelink: null}, 9918: {instructions: To prepare pastry cream, place the milk in a saucepan. Split the vanilla bean and scrape the seeds into the milk and add the bean as well. Heat the milk over medium heat and bring to a boil.nWhile the milk is heating, combine the egg yolks, sugar, and honey in a mixing bowl. Add the cornstarch and mix until smooth. Once the milk is boiling, remove the vanilla bean and add 14 of the milk to the egg mixture, whisking continuously making sure the eggs do not scramble. Once the yolks are tempered, return the egg mixture to the milk in the saucepan and continue whisking over medium heat until the mixture bubbles and thickens. This should take 1 to 2 minutes. Once the cream has thickened, place it in a bowl over an ice bath and cover with plastic wrap. Allow the cream to cool thoroughly.nSopaipillas: Using a large mixing bowl, blend the flour, salt and baking powder. In another bowl, dissolve the yeast in the warm water to activate and add to the flour mixture. Incorporate the milk slowly to form a single ball of dough. Knead the dough until smooth, cover and allow to rise until doubled in size.nIn a large pot or fryer, heat the oil to 360 to 375 degrees F.nOn a floured work surface, roll the dough out to 14inch thickness. Using a cutter or knife cut the dough into desired serving size portions. Drop the sopaipillas, 2 or 3 at a time, into the oil and fry, turning them often until browned. Remove with a skimmer and place on paper towels to drain. Sprinkle the warm sopaipillas with cinnamon and powdered sugar.nTo make the fruit compote, place the ingredients in a mixing bowl and toss until the fruits are evenly coated. Allow the fruit to marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours. Strain fruit from liquid before serving.nTo make the glaze, place the vinegar in a saucepan and over medium heat reduce by half. Dissolve the honey in the warm vinegar and allow to cool. Set aside.nTo serve, split the sopaipillas open and pipe in a portion of the pastry cream. Fill the remainder of the sopaipillas with fruit compote. Place the sopaipillas on each plate, drizzle the glaze around the sopaipillas and dust with powdered sugar and cinnamon. Finish with a dash of vinegar on the fruit compote., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 1 vanilla bean, 3 egg yolks, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 4 cups plus 4 tablespoons flour, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 package dry yeast, 14 cup warm water, 1 14 cups milk, 1 quart vegetable oil, for frying, Cinnamon and powdered sugar, for dusting, 1 cup hulled and quartered strawberries, 1 cup 12inch diced pineapple, 1 cup sliced bananas, 1 cup sherry, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup chopped mint, 1 cup sherry vinegar, 12 cup honey], title: Sopaipillas and Sherried Fruit Compote on Honey Pastry Cream with Vinagres De Yema Gran Reserva Glaze, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 9919: {instructions: To make the crackle tops: Remove the butter from the refrigerator 10 minutes before youre ready to make the dough.nAfter 10 minutes, cut the butter into small cubes and toss it and the brown sugar and salt into a food processor. Process until almost blended. Add the flour and pulse until the dough forms moist curds. Pulse in the vanilla.nScrape the dough onto a piece of parchment or wax paper and shape it into a disk. Cover with another piece of parchment or wax paper and roll the dough out so that its about 116th inch thick. Slide the dough, still between the paper, onto a cutting board and freeze it for at least 2 hours. The dough can be frozen for up to 2 months, in which case it should be wrapped airtight., ingredients: [4 12 tablespoons 2 14 ounces 64 grams unsalted butter, 12 cup 100 grams lightly packed light brown sugar, Pinch of fine sea salt, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons 85 grams allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Crackle Top Dough, picturelink: null}, 9920: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace 1 oven rack in the center of the oven and 1 oven rack in the bottom third and preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line 2 large rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine the bittersweet chocolate and butter. Place the bowl over a pan of barely simmering water and stir occasionally until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth.nIn a medium bowl, sift the flour, cocoa, baking powder and salt. In a large bowl, whisk together the sugar, eggs, 2 tablespoons water and vanilla extract. Gradually add the dry ingredients. Fold in the cooled chocolate. Stir in the chocolate mint pieces. Chill the dough 10 minutes to firm slightly. Using 14 cup measuring cup, drop 6 mounds of batter onto each prepared sheet, spacing evenly apart.nBake the cookies 9 minutes. Reverse the baking sheets top to bottom and continue baking until the cookies are slightly puffed and dry looking with some small cracks on top, 9 to 10 minutes longer. Cool the cookies completely on sheets they may deflate slightly as they cool., ingredients: [6 ounces semisweet or bittersweet 60percent chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup flour, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 23 cup sugar, 2 eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, One 5ounce package chocolate mint thins, such as Andes, each cut into thirds], title: Double Chocolate and Mint Cookies, picturelink: OON8hYFLjQCyqYk7TGhDCPRwA3j20VK}, 9921: {instructions: Prepare an outdoor grill for medium heat. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage, and cook, stirring and breaking up with a wooden spoon, until browned and cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, and use a slotted spoon to transfer the sausage to a plate.nReserving 2 tablespoons of drippings in the skillet drain or add oil as needed, return it to mediumhigh heat. Whisk in the flour, and cook, whisking frequently, until the mixture becomes loose and turns a light tan color, 1 to 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk, 12 teaspoon pepper and 14 teaspoon salt. Simmer, whisking frequently, until the sauce has thickened to the consistency of thin gravy, 6 to 8 minutes. Return the cooked sausage to the skillet, and stir. Remove from the heat, cover and set aside.nDivide the pizza dough into 4 balls. Dust a clean flat work surface with flour, and roll each ball into an 8inch circle. Transfer the dough circles to the prepared baking sheet, and brush both sides with oil.nLightly oil the grill grates. Grill the crusts until they start to puff and distinct grill marks appear on the underside, about 1 minute. Flip. Evenly divide the Cheddar among the crusts, leaving a small well in the center of each. Immediately crack 1 egg into each well. Grill, covered, until the whites have completely set and the Cheddar has melted, 8 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, reheat the sausage gravy if needed. Remove the pizzas from the grill, and drizzle each with a couple spoonfuls of warm gravy. Garnish with the scallions. Serve immediately with hot sauce and any remaining gravy served on the side.nCopyright 2014 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more for the pizzas and grill grates, 1 pound bulk breakfast sausage, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 12 cups whole milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound frozen pizza dough, thawed, 8 ounces sharp white Cheddar, shredded about 3 heaping cups, 4 large eggs, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, Hot sauce, for serving], title: Grilled Breakfast Pizza with Sausage Gravy, picturelink: 5ZxmZlZJSZPEJOA6qexPqz0LwLCCHG}, 9922: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl, combine the garlic, zest and juice of 1 lemon, olive oil, red pepper flakes, salt and pepper, to taste, and the shrimp. Set aside.nMeanwhile make a quick shrimp stock: In a small pot, over medium heat, add the shrimp shells and onion. Cover with water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes. Strain into a bowl and discard the shells and the onion.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat and add a generous amount of salt. Add the linguini and cook until just tender, 2 minutes less than instructed on the package. Drain and reserve 12 cup of cooking water.nHeat a skillet over high heat. Add the shrimp and cook until they turn pink and start to caramelize, about 3 minutes. Remove the shrimp from the pan to a plate and add the remaining marinade. Let cook a few minutes then add about 1 cup of shrimp stock and about 12 cup pasta water. Continue to cook until sauce reduces by half. Add the zest and juice of the remaining lemon, the butter and the parsley and stir to combine. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. Add in the shrimp and pasta and toss to combine with the sauce. Turn out into a serving bowl and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 garlic cloves, pressed or grated, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 pound medium shrimp 21 to 25, peeled, deveined and butterflied reserve shells, 14 onion, 34 pound thin linguini, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 small bunch parsley, leaves chopped], title: Lemony Shrimp Scampi Pasta, picturelink: eDBfRuPDwMlHkUQlZ36PYLTaFB9PeqO}, 9923: {instructions: Cook beans in a 2quart heavy saucepan of salted boiling water until crisptender, about 3 minutes, then drain in a colander.nWipe out pan and cook butter over moderate heat until deep golden, about 2 minutes. Stir in lemon juice and remove pan from heat. Add beans, toss well, and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound haricots verts or other thin green beans, trimmed, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Haricots Verts With Lemon Brown Butter, picturelink: null}, 9924: {instructions: Mix thoroughly and reserve for seasoning the chicken.nPreheat oven to 340 degrees. Brown off the garlic lightly in olive oil and place to the side. Then saute your spinach quickly until starts to wilt. Remove from the flame and add to lightly browned garlic. Chill. Slide your fingers in between the skin and the breast meat of the chicken. Neatly slide your spinach and garlic mixture in between the skin and the breast meat. Truss your chicken and lightly sprinkle some of your herb mixture over the top of chicken and rub with olive oil. Bake in a preheated 340 degree oven for about 45 minutes.nWhile the potatoes are still warm add your heated milk, butter, mushrooms, and demiglace. Mix thoroughly until incorporated., ingredients: [12 cup ground cumin, 12 cup ground fennel, 14 cup ground coriander, 12 cup ground anise, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons white pepper, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons sliced garlic, 1 pound cleaned spinach, 1 whole chicken, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fresh black pepper, 1 pound cooked potatoes dry and mashed, 1 cup milk, heated, 2 teaspoons whole butter, 1 cup lightly cooked assorted wild mushrooms in a little whole butter and shallots, include shiitake, morels, 2 tablespoons rich demiglace], title: Roasted Chicken with Fresh Garlic and Spinach Stuffed Under the Skin and Wild Mushroom Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 9925: {instructions: In a large soup pot over medium heat, brown the cubed pork, sirloin and ground beef. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nAdd all of the chopped vegetables and the dry spices and cook until the vegetables are cooked through. Add enough flour to make the roux and cook for 2 minutes.nStir in the beer of choice and cook until everything is combined and hot. Add the beans, chipotle, beef broth and tomato sauce, and bring to a simmer. Once at a simmer, turn the heat to low and cook until the beans are soft. Ladle into serving dishes and top with shredded cheese, jalapenos, and lime wedges., ingredients: [1 pound pork tenderloin, cubed, 1 pound sirloin tip, cubed, 2 pounds ground beef, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 green pepper, seeded and chopped, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 poblano pepper, chopped, 2 large jalapeno pepper, chopped, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 2 tablespoons granulated onion, 2 to 3 tablespoons chili powder, 2 to 3 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons ground oregano, Flour, as needed to thicken, 32 ounces amber beer, recommended: Flying Monkey Amber Ale, 1 cup dry pinto beans, soaked overnight, 23 ounces smoked chipotle peppers in adobe sauce, 24 ounces beef broth, 16 ounces tomato sauce, Shredded cheese, jalapenos, lime wedges, for serving], title: Flying Monkey Chili, picturelink: null}, 9926: {instructions: Combine orange juice, lime juice, lemon cucumbers, cantaloupe and honey in a food processor or blender and blend until smooth. Stir in yogurt and mint. Chill for at least 2 hours and serve cold., ingredients: [14 cup Floridas Naturalu00ae Premium Orange Juice, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 lemon cucumbers, peeled, seeded and sliced, 1 small cantaloupe, seeded and sliced, 2 tbsp. honey, 1 cup vanilla yogurt, 1 tbsp. chopped fresh mint], title: Iced OJ and Lemon Cucumber Soup, picturelink: HZ6mZkoiGj9yLq2FaNBxgNd8Jqv.ZG}, 9927: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine the potatoes, thyme sprigs, and 2 tablespoons of the salt. Add enough cold water to cover completely. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to maintain a simmer and cook until the potatoes are just tender enough to be pierced easily with a skewer or the tip of a sharp knife, about 10 minutes.nDrain the potatoes. While they are still hot, peel them with a small, sharp knife, protecting your hand from the heat with a folded kitchen towel. As each potato is peeled, cut it crosswise into 14inch slices, letting the slices fall into a mixing bowl.nAdd to the hot potato slices the onion, remaining salt, sugar, pepper, vinegar, and oil. Stir gently but thoroughly with a large spoon to combine the ingredients.nBefore serving, heat the broth in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the potato salad and stir it gently just until the potatoes are thoroughly heated. Garnish with parsley or chives and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound small fingerling potatoes, washed, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 small yellow onion, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup canola, safflower, or peanut oil, 12 cup chicken broth or vegetable broth, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves or chives], title: AustrianStyle Warm Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 9928: {instructions: If using garden cucumbers, peel them. Cut the cucumbers into 14inchthick slices. Put the slices in a colander over a bowl or in the sink, rub them with the salt and let sit for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, smash and then mince the garlic and put it in a medium bowl. Stir in the vinegar, sesame oil and, pepper flakes and sugar if using.nToss the cucumbers with the dressing. Put the bowl in the freezer for 10 minutes before eatingthe pickles are best when super cold. To serve, use a slotted spoon to transfer them to a serving bowl.nThe Sixth ingredient. A little bit of sugar, added in with the vinegar., ingredients: [1 pound garden, English hothouse or Kirby cucumbers, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon sugar], title: LightningFast Garlic Sesame Pickles, picturelink: null}, 9929: {instructions: In a large resealable bag, combine the ginger, half of the green onions, the garlic, jalapeno, orange zest and juice, teriyaki sauce and short ribs. Swirl around a few times to cover the ribs in the marinade. Marinate for at least 3 hours and up to overnight in the refrigerator. Midway thru, swirl the ribs again to ensure the marinade covers all.nPrepare a grill for mediumhigh heat. Remove the ribs from the marinade and shake off any excess liquid reserve the remaining marinade for the sauce. Grill the ribs until well caramelized and cooked to desired doneness, 5 to 7 per side. Remove to a serving platter.nMeanwhile, pour the marinade from the bag into a saucepan. Bring to a rapid boil over high heat and boil until reduced by half, at least 5 minutes.nPour the sauce over the grilled ribs. Sprinkle with the remaining green onions, and garnish with sesame seeds and orange slices. Serve with kimchi., ingredients: [One 4inch piece fresh ginger, cut into matchsticks, 4 green onions, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 1 orange, zested and juiced, plus orange slices, for serving, One 10ounce bottle teriyaki sauce, 2 pounds Koreanstyle short ribs beef chuck flanken cut into 13 to 12inchthick slices across the bones, Toasted sesame seeds, for garnish, Kimchi, for serving], title: Dads HawaiianStyle Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: DPfCZfDLDt4bdmZdU2u9N3ApwFlQtTO}, 9930: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat a 12inch oven proof skillet over medium and melt butter with brown sugar. Add bananas and saute until sugar becomes a syrup and remove from heat. Arrange bananas neatly in pan and set aside.nIn a large bowl, mix flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and chocolate chips. In another bowl, combine egg whites, brown sugar, yogurt and vanilla. Add dry ingredients to wet ingredients and mix until just combined. Pour into skillet over sauteed bananas. Bake for 2025 minutes, or until middle of cake springs back when touched.nRemove from oven and cool slightly. Invert onto a large plate and cut into 16 slices., ingredients: [2 Tbs. butter, 4 Tbs. brown sugar, 4 medium bananas, sliced in half lengthwise, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup cocoa powder, 1 tsp. baking powder, 1 tsp. baking soda, 1 tsp. ground cinnamon, 13 cup chocolate chips, 12 cup egg whites, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup nonfat plain yogurt, 2 tsp. pure vanilla extract], title: Mexican Chocolate Banana Skillet Cake, picturelink: null}, 9931: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker, combine 1 ounce gin, 14 ounce lemon juice and 1 teaspoon confectioners sugar. Shake with ice for 30 seconds, then strain into a chilled flute top with sparkling wine., ingredients: [], title: French 75, picturelink: Nt.QvyLKreCzJ.1YBmGsFy9GX2bB5S}, 9932: {instructions: Slice the bread and toast in oven or toaster. Spread desired amount of Nutella spread and serve while toast are still warm., ingredients: [1 loaf bread, any bread, 1 container Nutella spread, store bought], title: Nutella and Toast, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 9933: {instructions: For the crispbread: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a mixer on low speed, combine the flours, sugar, baking powder and salt. Pour in the melted butter, then slowly pour in 1 12 to 2 cups water, 14 cup at a time, until a soft, sticky dough forms.nDust the counter and rolling pin well with flour, and roll the dough into a rectangle about 14inch thick.nFor the topping: In a small bowl, mix together the sesame seeds, poppy seeds, garlic, onion and coarse salt. Whisk together the egg with 2 tablespoons water and brush a thin layer over the crispbread dough. Sprinkle the topping mixture evenly over the top. Use a wheeled pizza cutter or pie crimper to cut the dough into mediumsized rectangles its okay if the shapes are irregular. Using a spatula, carefully transfer the crispbreads to a lightly floured baking sheet they wonu00bft spread, so its fine to leave little room between them. Using a fork, lightly prick the surface of each of the crispbreads.nBake in the center of the oven until the edges become golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Bake time will vary depending on the size and thickness of the crackers, so keep an eye on them Once golden, allow to cool 5 minutes, then move to a wire rack until completely cool. Package in clear cellophane bags tied with decorative ribbon., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for dusting, 2 cups rye flour, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 stick butter, melted, 12 cup sesame seeds, 13 cup poppy seeds, 14 cup dried minced garlic, 14 cup dried minced onion, 14 cup coarse salt, 1 large egg], title: Everything Bagel Crispbreads, picturelink: 26bbeNSLdoKeUdje1Yv70W0RipNtx.}, 9934: {instructions: Spray a grill or grill pan with nonstick spray and bring to medium heat. Lay pineapple rings flat and cook until slightly blackened and caramelized, about 3 minutes per side, flipping carefully. Set aside to cool.nFor the dip: Combine the yogurt, nocalorie sweetener, cinnamon, and vanilla extract in a bowl. Mix until thoroughly blended and smooth. If you like, chill for at least 10 minutes before dipping. Garnish with cinnamon sticks, if using., ingredients: [16 fresh or packed in juice pineapple rings, 6 ounces fatfree plain Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon granulated nocalorie sweetener recommended: Splenda, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon vanilla extract, Cinnamon sticks, for serving, optional], title: Hungry Grilled Pineapple with SoGood CinnamonVanilla Yogurt Dip, picturelink: gyzhitWoxpmX6jBS6gg.tgx2n67xPo2}, 9935: {instructions: Crust the rack of lamb and cook to desired temperature. Cut rack into 4 chops. Toss beans with oil, salt and pepper and place on center of plate in a triangle. Place puree in center of triangle. Place 4 chops around the puree in a circle. Sprinkle plate with red pepper bruniose and mustard seeds. Finish plate with both lamb and yogurt sauce. Garnish with sweet potato chips sticking up from the puree.nAfter boiled, peel sweet potatoes and put through potato ricer. Place in bowl and using a hand mixer, whip in heavy cream and butter. Season with salt and pepper and hold warm.nFresh grind all peppercorns and mix with bread crumb.nFresh grind all peppercorns and mix with bread crumb.nSaute shallot, bay leaf and peppercorns in oil. Add red wine and reduce until almost dry. Add lamb stock and reduce until thick sauce consistency forms. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Keep warm and set aside.nBring jus to a simmer and swirl in cream and yogurt., ingredients: [4 each rack of baby lamb, frenched and cleaned, 14 pound yellow wax beans, blanched, 14 pound green beans, blanched, 14 cup hazelnut oil, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 pound sweet potato puree recipe follows, 2 tablespoons mustard seeds, 1 red pepper, bruniose, 1 cup peppercorn crust recipe follows, 1 cup natural lamb jus recipe follows, 1 cup goats yogurt sauce recipe follows, 4 sweet potato chips, for garnish, 6 Japanese sweet potatoes, boiled whole until tender, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 stick butter, 14 cup white peppercorns, 14 cup black peppercorns, 14 cup green peppercorns, 14 cup pink schezuan peppercorns, 1 cup bread crumb, 12 cup shallots, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon white peppercorns, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup red wine, 1 quart good quality lamb stock, Salt and pepper, 2 cups lamb jus recipe above, 2 ounces heavy cream, 2 ounces goats yogurt], title: Pepper Crusted Rack of Lamb with Puree of Japanese Sweet Potato, picturelink: null}, 9936: {instructions: Stir chocolate and chocolate syrup into hot coffee until melted.nTransfer to a blender, add half and half and ice cubes, and blend at high speed for 2 to 3 minutes. Serve immediately in a tall, cold glass., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Mexican chocolate, 1 tablespoon chocolate syrup, 1 12 cups double espresso or very strong coffee, hot, 14 cup half and half, 4 ice cubes], title: Iced Mexican Chocolate Express, picturelink: null}, 9937: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCook sausage. Drain grease and set aside to cool slightly.nIn a large, deep baking dish, add sausage, eggs, sour cream, onion, peppers, zucchini, mushrooms, and cheese and stir to mix. Bake for 30 minutes or until golden color., ingredients: [12 ounces mild bulk sausage, 12 ounces hot bulk sausage, 10 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup sour cream, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 green pepper, chopped, 1 red pepper, chopped, 1 zucchini, chopped, 16 ounces mushrooms, sliced, 2 cups cubed American cheese], title: Breakfast Casserole, picturelink: WeFs8lrB74Z1vzJLteOWBk1CVj9CG}, 9938: {instructions: Form the meat into 4 14inch thick burgers. Season the meat with salt and pepper on both sides and cook in a saute pan over high heat to medium doneness, about 2 to 3 minutes per side.nCombine the mayonnaise and roasted garlic in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spread both sides of each bun with mayonnaise and mustard.nPlace a slice of cheese on the bottom portion of each bun, place the burger on top of the cheese, then top the burger with a slice of ham then another slice of cheese then the pickle slices. Place the tops of the bun over the pickles and cook on a sandwich press or wrap the burgers in aluminum foil and cook in a hot skillet over high heat with a heavy skillet placed on top of the burger to press the sandwich. Cook until golden brown and cheese has melted., ingredients: [1 pound ground chuck, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup best quality mayonnaise, 3 cloves roasted garlic, pureed, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 4 hamburger buns, 4 slices thinly sliced smoked ham, 8 slices thinly sliced Swiss cheese, 2 dill pickles, sliced into 14inch thick slices], title: Pressed CubanStyle Burger, picturelink: eWh7To4k3gRcIBSaZoCmPCfRK2pTWaW}, 9939: {instructions: In a large bowl, stir together the mustard, hot sauce and egg white. Add the fish and toss to coat well. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nPour the oil into a Dutch oven, filling it no more than onethird full. Heat the oil over medium heat until it reaches 350 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Line a plate with paper towels and set by the cooktop. In a shallow dish, combine the cornmeal and flour and season with salt and pepper.nRemove the fish from the marinade and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Dredge the fish in the cornmeal mixture to coat both sides and shake off the excess. Carefully add the fish to the oil, a few pieces at a time. Cook until golden brown and crispy, 2 minutes total. Remove with a slotted spoon to the prepared plate.nServe with Country Remoulade and Beer Batter Hushpuppies.nIn a bowl, combine the mayonnaise, chives, lemon juice, mustard, hot sauce, green onions, celery and garlic. Season with salt and pepper.nCover and refrigerate for 1 hour to blend the flavors. Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 3 days. Serve chilled.nIn a large castiron Dutch oven, heat the oil over high heat until it reaches 375 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer.nTo make the batter, in a large bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, baking powder, cayenne pepper and 1 teaspoon salt. In a second bowl or large liquid measuring cup, combine the beer, eggs and onions. Add some salt and pepper and whisk until smooth. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients, using as few strokes as possible. The mixture should resemble wet sand add more beer, if needed.nLine a plate with paper towels and set by the cooktop. To fry the hushpuppies, scoop up the batter using a medium ice cream scoop and drop it into the hot oil without crowding. Fry, stirring occasionally with a slotted spoon, until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to the prepared plate. Adjust the heat to maintain the proper temperature and repeat with the remaining batter. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup wholegrain Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 large egg white, lightly beaten, 1 pound thin catfish fillets, About 4 cups canola oil, for frying, 12 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, Country Remoulade, recipe follows, for serving, Beer Batter Hushpuppies, recipe follows, for serving, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon wholegrain Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, or to taste, 2 to 3 green onions, white and pale green parts only, finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, very finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, About 4 cups canola oil, for frying, 2 cups white or yellow cornmeal, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup beer, plus more if needed, 2 large eggs, 1 onion, very finely chopped], title: Fried Catfish, picturelink: ckpqElqpPCei6kPrBdiWeaOojmxr3e}, 9940: {instructions: Slice bread lengthwise and split open. Spread cream cheese liberally on bottom half of bread. Spoon healthy portion of the salsa on top of the cream cheese be sure to include the juices of the salsa. Close the bread and press down to ensure the salsa juices are absorbed. Reopen the sandwich and layer the turkey breast on top of the cream cheese and salsa layers.nFor a bit of added crunch top with bean sprouts, if desired.nSide with a plate of tortilla chips and remaining salsa., ingredients: [1 12inch baguette, French or Italian bread, or sub roll, 8 ounces sliced low fat or fat free turkey breast or chicken breast, 4 ounces cream cheese or reduced fat Neufchatel cheese, Small container of peach mango medium heat salsa or other fruit based Salsa, bean sprouts optional, tortilla Chips optional], title: The Carnegie Pepe Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 9941: {instructions: Whisk 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar with 14 cup olive oil in a large bowl season with salt and pepper. Add 1 thinly sliced fennel bulb and 1 tablespoon chopped fronds, 2 segmented blood oranges, 2 cups baby kale and 14 cup each thinly sliced red onion and chopped toasted hazelnuts toss. Top with crumbled gorgonzola.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [], title: Fennel Salad with Blood Oranges, picturelink: MyoHu1aps9pKFndP6r3ZbfnKJ6iyzd2}, 9942: {instructions: Prepare the seafood. Remove the back shell from the crabs, clean out the gills and guts and cut crabs into quarters. Peel the tail shells from the shrimp, leaving heads on. Wash the clams and mussels well. Cut the striped bass, halibut and lingcod into 1inch by 1inch squares. Place fish in a large dish, keeping squid and eel separate. Drizzle fish and squid with 3 tablespoons olive oil and marinate with basil leaves and red pepper flakes.nIn a large pot heat oil. Add onion, peppers, garlic, tomatoes, wine, shellfish broth, sherry, herb sachet and mushrooms. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 1 hour.nPlace crab quarters, shrimp, clams and mussels in a layer on the bottom of a large pot. Top with fish, in layers. Add hot broth and taste for seasoning. Add more salt and pepper if necessary. Bring slowly to a simmer and allow fish and shellfish to cook slowly. Remove cooked fish to a platter. Continue cooking shellfish and remove as shells open. Serve in bowls with broth and sourdough bread.nShellfish Broth: Combine crab and shrimp shells, 1 cup white wine, 2 quarts water and 1 cup of vegetable mirepoix diced carrots, diced onions and diced celery., ingredients: [3 live dungeness crabs, 2 pounds headon shrimp, 2 dozen clams, 3 pounds large live mussels, 2 pounds striped bass fillet, 1 pound halibut fillet, 1 pound lingcod fillet, 1 pound clean, sliced squid rings, 1 pound fresh eel meat, 12 cup basil leaves, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large onions, diced about 2 cups, 1 green pepper, chopped, 1 red pepper, chopped, 1 yellow pepper, chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 2 cups canned plum tomatoes, 1 pint red Zinfandel wine, 1 quart shellfish broth see recipe below, 1 cup dry sherry, Herb sachet: thyme, oregano, bay leaf, parsley B tied in cheesecloth, 1 cup dry porcini mushrooms, washed and soaked], title: San Francisco Bay Cioppino, picturelink: null}, 9943: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Season fish with salt and pepper. Mix eggs and milk to make an egg wash. Dredge fish in flour, then egg, and then breadcrumbs. Heat oil in a large ovensafe saute pan. When oil is hot, place fish in pan it will probably be necessary to cook the fish in 2 batches or in 2 pans. Brown on each side and then transfer to the oven to finish cooking for 8 minutes or until a knife slides in easily. Do not overcook. Transfer fish to serving plates. Divide crabmeat evenly over fish and spoon sauce over. Serve.nIn a medium saute pan over medium heat, saute onions in olive oil for 5 minutes or until translucent. Add garlic and ham and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Add wine and reduce liquid by half. Reduce heat to low and slowly add cold butter, a few pieces at a time, until all is melted., ingredients: [8 8ounce scamp fillets, Salt and pepper, 8 eggs, 2 cups milk, 4 cups flour, 4 cups panko bread crumbs, Oil, for sauteing, 12 pound crabmeat, Tasso Butter, recipe follows, 12 cup chopped red onion, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 14 pound Tasso ham, 12 cup white wine, 1 pound butter], title: Gulf Coast Scamp with Jumbo Lump Crab and Tasso Butter, picturelink: null}, 9944: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Healthy Eating, picturelink: null}, 9945: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small saucepan, combine wine or cherry juice and sugar bring to a boil, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add cherries and return to a boil. Remove from heat and transfer cherries to a bowl, leaving liquid in pan. Let stand 5 minutes. Strain any juice that has accumulated from cherries back into the pan. Bring liquid back to a boil and boil over high heat until volume is reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in vanilla and almond extracts. Let cool until lukewarm. Scoop ice cream into 6 stemmed wine glasses or dessert dishes. Top with equal amounts of cherry sauce and whipped topping. Garnish with almonds and a chocolate covered cherry., ingredients: [1 cup red wine, or cherry juice, 12 cup sugar, 1 16ounce package frozen cherries, thawed, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, 1 cup frozen whipped dessert topping, thawed, 4 tablespoons sliced almonds, toasted, 6 chocolate covered cherries], title: Warm Cherry Sundaes, picturelink: .iwi85bDmJChRAI0gH9OsOgWgXOByW}, 9946: {instructions: Add the applejack brandy, apple cider, Simple Syrup and lemon juice to a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake vigorously and strain into 4 chilled glasses. Float an apple slice on top of each to garnish.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [6 ounces applejack brandy, 6 ounces apple cider, 1 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 ounce fresh lemon juice, 4 thin whole apple slices, for garnish, 1 cup sugar], title: Appletini, picturelink: F9I64omRW5IAsDKAIR3qqIBZBN3eCYG}, 9947: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the oats, flour, sugar, cinnamon and bacon in a food processor and pulse until the bacon is finely chopped and the ingredients are well combined. Add the butter and pulse until incorporated and the topping starts to clump together.nMound clumps of the streusel on the cutside of the apples and place in a small baking dish. Add about 12 inch water to the dish, and then bake until the apples are tender and the topping is golden brown and crisp, about 45 minutes loosely cover with foil if the topping is getting too brown before the apples are cooked.nWhisk the cream and maple syrup together. Serve the apples with the maple cream and garnish with mint if desired.nCopyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [14 cup rolled oats, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 strip bacon, chopped, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 Macintosh apples, cored and halved, 13 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish optional], title: Baked Apples with Bacon Streusel and Maple Cream, picturelink: 0U6BPHVHLRzRdCajNRSeyj9gM7gLf4m}, 9948: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. In medium bowl, stir together sundried tomatoes, goat cheese and pine nuts.nSeparate dough into 8 triangles. Place about 3 tablespoons sundried tomato mixture down the length of each triangle. Roll up each, starting at shortest side of triangle and rolling to opposite point. Place rolls, point side down, on ungreased cookie sheet.nBake 16 to 19 minutes until golden brown., ingredients: [1 cup sundried tomatoes, drained and chopped, 12 cup crumbled goat cheese, 12 cup toasted pine nuts, 1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls], title: Holiday Crescents, picturelink: null}, 9949: {instructions: Halve and pit plums. Whisk the sugars and water together in a small saucepan. Add the plums and simmer over medium heat, until tender but not mushy, about 10 minutes. Cool plums in the liquid.nSlice half a plum for garnish and set aside.nPut the diced limes and remaining plums in a large open pitcher. Crush thoroughly with a muddler or a potato masher it works great. Add cachaca and the plum cooking liquid and fill with ice cubes. Pour into chilled rocks glasses, allowing some ice and fruit to fall into the glasses as well. Garnish each drink with a slice of poached plum., ingredients: [2 ripe, firm red plums, such as Santa Rosa or Elephant Heart, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup water, 3 limes, diced and pitted, 1 cup cachaca], title: Plum Caipirinha, picturelink: A8FLbwR3xribHkzwoTIHV4OOFsOF52}, 9950: {instructions: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Coat the bottom of another smaller saute pan with olive oil.nSprinkle the fish with salt and pepper on both sides. When the large saute pan is screaming hot but not quite smoking, lay the fish fillets in the pan skinside down. Place the small saute pan directly on top of the fillets this applies gentle pressure to the fish and forces the skin to have contact with the pan and will create crispy skin. Cook the fish for 2 to 3 minutes, and then remove the top pan. Shake the pan a little to unstick the fish. Use a fish spatula to flip the fillets, and cook until the flesh is opaque.nPlace a dollop of the Soft Parmesan Polenta on the bottom of each plate, top with some Yellow and Red Pepper Piperade and place a piece of fish on top. Finish with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil.nIn a mediumsize saucepan, bring the milk, 2 cups water and bay leaf to a boil. Season generously with salt, almost to the point of over seasoning. How do you know that you are there TASTE IT When it has reached a boil, slowly whisk in the polenta in small sprinkles. Once all of the polenta has been incorporated, reduce the heat to medium and immediately switch over to stirring with a wooden spoon. Cook the polenta until it begins to pull away from the pan, adding water to loosen it up if it becomes too thick.nWhen the polenta is thoroughly cooked, it should look creamy and not feel gritty on your tongue. Remove it from the heat and stir in the Parmesan and mascarpone.nIn a large saute pan, add enough olive oil to coat the bottom and place over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook until aromatic. Add the onions and continue to saute until slightly caramelized, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the plum tomatoes and diced peppers, season with salt and cook until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Add the crushed tomatoes, chile flakes and pimenton and cook until the sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Add the sherry vinegar and cook for an additional minute. Taste and season.nRemove from the heat and stir in the chopped almonds and chives. Finish with a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [Olive oil or clarified butter, for sauteing, Four 6ounce black bass fillets, skin on, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Soft Parmesan Polenta, recipe follows, Yellow and Red Pepper Piperade, recipe follows, Extravirgin olive oil, for finishing, 2 cups milk, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt, 1 cup quickcooking polenta, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup mascarpone, Olive oil, for sauteing and drizzling, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped, 1 Spanish onion, diced, 2 plum tomatoes, finely diced, 1 red bell pepper, finely diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, finely diced, Kosher salt, 12 cup crushed tomatoes, preferably San Marzano, 1 teaspoon red chile flakes, 1 teaspoon pimenton smoked paprika, 1 to 2 teaspoons sherry vinegar, 13 cup Marcona almonds, toasted and finely chopped, Chopped chives, for serving], title: Black Bass with Piperade and Polenta, picturelink: peQbH4MYj3YjtBg.EFMxikGvpEbxQX2}, 9951: {instructions: Peel the oranges, and remove all the pith. Slice into 14inchthick rounds. Arrange the slices on a large, shallow platter. Lay the onion slices on top of the oranges and sprinkle with the shredded basil. Drizzle the olive oil over the salad, and season generously with black pepper. Cover and let stand at room temperature for at least 2 hours before serving for the flavors to marry., ingredients: [3 navel oranges, 3 blood oranges, 1 medium red onion, sliced into paperthin rings, 8 large fresh basil leaves, shredded, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Sicilian Orange Salad, picturelink: null}, 9952: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan heat milk, heavy cream, and vanilla bean over medium high heat to a simmer. Turn heat down to medium.nIn a separate bowl whisk together the eggs yolks, sugar, and salt. Sugar will dissolve when heated.nSlowly dizzle this eggsugar mixture into the simmering milk mixture and whisk. Combining these too quickly will result in scrambled eggs.nAfter you have added these two mixtures together, reduce the heat to a medium low temperature.nRemove the vanilla bean and split lengthwise scraping out seeds. Return the pod and the seeds back to the pot. I like to add several drops of food coloring at this point.nContinue to stir until the mixture coats the back of a spoon. Strain mixture through a fineholed strainer, discarding the vanilla pod and refrigerate the mixture over night.nFollow manufacturers instruction for your ice cream maker, and let the fun begin.nMeanwhile, drain the jackfruit and pulse it gently in your processor. We want small pieces of fruit for the ice cream.nAfter about 15 minutes into freezing your ice cream add small pieces of jackfruit to the mixture.nServe your ice cream at your next dinner party and enjoy the mystery when your friendsfamily try to guess the secret ingredient The flavor is both refreshing and delicious. Enjoy, ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups whole milk, 8 egg large egg yolks, 1 vanilla bean, pinch of salt, 12 cup natural cane sugar, 20 oz can jackfruit in syrup available in Asian markets, green food coloring optional], title: Jacks Fruit Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 9953: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook linguine according to package directions until al dente.nMeanwhile, heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and garlic and saute 2 minutes, until tender. Add clams and saute 2 minutes. Add oregano, salt and pepper and stir to coat. Add clam juice, chicken broth and vermouth and bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes.nPour clam sauce over drained linguine, add parsley and toss to combine. Top with Parmesan just before serving., ingredients: [1 box linguine, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup chopped shallots, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 10ounce cans whole baby clams, drained, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 8 ounces bottled clam juice, 12 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 12 cup vermouth or dry white wine, Salt and pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup grated Parmesan or Romano], title: Linguine with Clam Sauce, picturelink: jqe0bmaHm8JFsgvZnw2lLlpKNoIGQ6C}, 9954: {instructions: Combine the apple cider and whiskey in a small pitcher. Fill the champagne glasses 23 up with the cider and whiskey mix. Top each glass with sparkling wine and garnish with a few frozen cranberries., ingredients: [1 quart fresh apple cider, 12 cup whiskey, 1 bottle dry sparkling wine, Frozen cranberries, for garnish], title: Sparkling Cider, picturelink: null}, 9955: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, salt, and pepper. Gradually whisk in enough oil to make a smooth dressing with a balanced taste. Use immediately or store covered, in the refrigerator, for up to a week., ingredients: [14 white wine, champagne or aged sherry wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus more to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 23 to 34 cups extravirgin olive oil], title: Basic Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 9956: {instructions: For the cupcake batter: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with cupcake liners for a total of 24 cupcakes lightly spray the liners with cooking spray.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, mix together the cake flour, granulated sugar, almond meal, baking powder and salt. Add the butter and mix until crumbly in appearance, about 1 minute. Add the egg whites and whole egg and mix on medium until fluffy, about 1 minute. In a medium mixing bowl, combine the milk, orange juice, vanilla extract, almond extract and lemon zest. Mix approximately a third of the wet ingredients into the flour mixture. Scrape down the sides of the mixing bowl and beat for 1 minute on medium speed. Continue two more times with the remaining wet ingredients, beating for 1 minute between additions.nScoop one scoop of the batter into each cupcake liner. Bake until the cupcakes bounce back from gentle pressure, about 20 minutes. Remove from the pans and cool.nFor the frosting: In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat together the cream cheese and butter on medium speed until completely combined and free of lumps, about 2 minutes. On the lowest speed, slowly add the confectioners sugar and mix until combined, about 1 minute. Add the orange zest and juice, vanilla extract and salt and mix on medium speed until light and smooth, about 2 minutes.nTo assemble, frost the cooled cupcakes with the citrus frosting using a pastry bag fitted with a star tip., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying liners, 2 cups cake flour, 1 23 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup almond meal, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 6 ounces 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 egg whites, 1 egg, 1 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon almond extract, Zest of 1 lemon, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 pound confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons orange zest from about 1 large orange, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch salt], title: Almond Citrus Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 9957: {instructions: In a medium saucepan combine the cream, 12 cup of the granulated sugar, vanilla extract and ginger. Bring to a boil, turn off the heat and let sit for 1 hour.nIn a small bowl, combine the eggs and the remaining 12 cup sugar and beat to a homogeneous consistency.nBring the creamginger mixture back to a boil and turn the heat off. Immediately strain and whisk a third of the cream mixture into the eggsugar mixture and then immediately whisk the egg mixture back into the remaining cream mixture.nChill the mixture over an ice water bath.nChurn the chilled mixture in an ice cream machine according to the manufacturers directions.nServe as is, or to make ice cream sandwiches, place 1 generous scoop of ice cream on the bottom of 1 Molasses Cookie and place another cookie on top. These can be done ahead and frozen. Let warm for 5 to10 minutes before serving.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn medium bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, cloves and salt and set aside.nIn the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together the butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg and then the molasses. In thirds, gently mix in the flour mixture until just combined.nUsing an ice cream scoop, scoop out the cookie dough into 1inch balls onto a sheet tray covered with turbinado sugar. Gently toss the cookies in the sugar, covering them completely. Place the sugarcoated dough balls on another sheet tray and gently squish a little.nBake for 9 to 10 minutes. Remove the cookies to a rack to cool., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, One 4inch piece gingerroot, peeled and coarsely chopped, 6 eggs, Molasses Cookies, if serving as ice cream sandwiches, optional recipe follows, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, Pinch salt, 1 12 sticks butter, at room temperature, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 egg, 34 cup molasses, Turbinado sugar, for coating], title: Ginger Ice Cream, picturelink: FXnrhNCV2Z25IhR9kln3P8.ILkEdFGG}, 9958: {instructions: To determine exactly how much oil you will need put the turkey into the pot provided with the turkey frying kit. Fill the pot with just enough water so the turkey is completely submerged. Quickly remove the turkey from the pot of water then mark the water line on the inside of the pot with a wax pencil or crayon. This will be the fill line to let you know exactly how much oil you will need to add to the pot. Discard the water and make sure to thoroughly dry both the turkey and the pot before adding the oil. It is extremely important to make sure the turkey and pot are completely dry. Any water in the hot oil will cause it to pop and splatter.nAdd enough oil to the pot to reach the fill line and with a paper towel wipe off the fill line that you drew. Put the pot on the propane burner provided in the turkey frying kit. Clip the oil thermometer provided to the pot and into the oil. Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat to 250 degrees F.nArrange the turkey on the insert from the frying kit. Slowly submerge the turkey into the hot oil. Bring the temperature of the oil up to 350 degrees and maintain this temperature for the duration of the cooking time. Fry for about 45 minutes and remove turkey from oil and check the internal temperature. Turkey is done when an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 151 degrees F. After removing the turkey from the oil, allow it to rest on a cutting board or platter, until the internal temperature reaches 161 degrees F. Carve and serve., ingredients: [14 pound turkey, giblets removed and rinsed, 3 to 4 gallons canola oil more or less depending on the size of your bird, 1 turkey frying kit], title: Deep Fried Turkey, picturelink: null}, 9959: {instructions: Place the eggs in a medium saucepan and cover them with water. Bring the water to a boil, cover and turn off the heat. Let the eggs sit for 10 minutes. Cool the eggs completely before peeling and chopping into small cubes set aside.nPlace the scallions, tomatoes, cilantro, lime juice, vinegar, 14 cup of water and some salt in a large bowl and stir to combine. Add the avocados, eggs and a few dashes of hot sauce and stir gently to combine, being careful not to mash the avocados or eggs too much. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled. Serve within a couple of hours with tortilla chips., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 8 scallions, white and light green part only, finely chopped, 2 medium tomatoes, cored and finely chopped, 1 12 cups finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup fresh lime juice about 3 limes plus extra lime wedges for serving, 14 cup white vinegar, 14 cup water, Salt, 8 medium Hass avocados, halved, pitted, peeled and chopped into small cubes, Hot sauce, 1 bag plantain chips], title: Plantain Chips and Avocado Aji, picturelink: eBmAGLRrgs2Uu5dwzuHM6aBphMMvOlC}, 9960: {instructions: Place red wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, garlic and salt in a glass or metal container with a tight fitting lid and shake to combine. Add olive oil and shake vigorously, until dressing emulsifies and thickens to the consistency of cream.nLet dressing sit for 1 hour at room temperature before straining out garlic and serving. Dressing can be refrigerated, but should be brought to room temperature and shaken again before serving., ingredients: [2 ounces red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 garlic cloves, mashed, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 cup olive oil], title: Veni Vedi Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 9961: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 3quart baking dish. Melt 8 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat add the chorizo, scallions, chiles and cumin and cook, stirring, until the chorizo is slightly browned, about 4 minutes. Add the broth and bring to a simmer.nWhisk the eggs and cilantro in a large bowl. Add the tortilla chips, bread and cheese and season with salt and pepper. Slowly pour in the chorizobroth mixture and toss to combine. Transfer the stuffing to the prepared baking dish dot with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Cover with aluminum foil and bake 30 minutes, then uncover and bake until golden, about 30 more minutes.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [9 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 12 ounces dried chorizo, chopped, 4 bunches scallions, chopped, 4 4ounce cans chopped green chiles, drained, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 3 cups lowsodium turkey or chicken broth, 2 large eggs, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 13ounce bag corn tortilla chips, coarsely crushed, 8 cups stale white bread cubes, 2 cups cubed queso fresco cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Tortilla ChipChorizo Stuffing, picturelink: C4hatQGQ7JbTnxIc1VC04bMrKscOuIq}, 9962: {instructions: In a 1 to 1 12 quart heavy saucepan bring sugar, butter, and corn syrup to a boil over moderate heat, stirring, and boil 1 minute. Remove pan from heat and stir in remaining ingredients until mixture is smooth. Cool dough to room temperature.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F and line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper.nRoll level 12 teaspoons dough into balls and arrange 4 inches apart on baking sheets. Bake cookies in batches in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, until cookies are flat and golden about 10 minutes.nTransfer parchment with cookies to racks to cool. Cool baking sheets and line with fresh parchment between batches., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons light corn syrup, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons cornmeal, 1 12 teaspoons chile powder, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 cup hulled pumpkinseeds], title: Cornmeal, Chile, and Pumpkinseed Lace Cookies, picturelink: null}, 9963: {instructions: Thread the lamb cubes onto satay skewers. In a bowl, mix together soy sauce, coriander seed, black pepper and lime juice. Brush each skewer with the sauce, coating well. Grill or broil the satay until medium rare. Stir the sliced shallots into the remaining sauce and serve as a dip for the cooked satay., ingredients: [1 12 pound leg of lamb, cut in 34inch cubes, 13 cup sweet soy sauce, 12 teaspoon coriander seed, crushed, 14 teaspoon crushed black pepper, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 3 shallots, peeled and sliced], title: Sate Madura, picturelink: null}, 9964: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace boneless pork loin chops between 2 sheets of waxed paper. Pound with meat mallet or rolling pin to 14inch thickness. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nHeat oil in large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add pork cook until browned on both sides and cooked through, about 6 minutes, turning once. Transfer to platter keep warm.nAdd onion to the same skillet used to cook boneless pork chops. Cook onion over mediumhigh heat, until golden and tender, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the Marsala to the onion bring to boiling, scraping up any browned bits from bottom of skillet. Remove skillet from the heat. Spoon sauce over boneless pork chops. Serve with hot rice, cooked following package directions., ingredients: [4 boneless pork loin chops about 1 14 pounds, trimmed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small red onion, chopped, 13 cup dry Marsala, 1 12 cups hot cooked white rice], title: Pork Marsala, picturelink: BaQ2a6mugQGTdNOWXDntE9R8SQUFqR.}, 9965: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the first 5 ingredients. Handform patty to 14 normal burger size, about 2inches in diameter. In a grooved black skillet, cook burgers to medium. Turn once. Do not overcook.nRoll out thawed puff pastry. Cut 10 6inch even panels. Place burger in center of square and top with 2 slices of cheese. Fold edges up and twist on top. Bake 20 to 25 minutes and serve warm.n Paula Deen Silly Salt is a blend of salt, dehydrated onion and garlic, spices, soybean oil, and lemon flavor.nCooks Notes:nTry serving with bacon or tomatoes.nHavarti and ground pepper boursin cheeses are good substitutes for cheddar., ingredients: [1 pound ground chuck, 2 teaspoons steak seasoning, 1 teaspoon Paula Deens Silly Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 Vidalia onion, minced, 1 package puff pastry sheets, 20 1inch slices Cheddar], title: Mini Cheeseburger Puffs, picturelink: 2zGAgnylXXAvIeC0aqESmcoBn4xr3DC}, 9966: {instructions: Preheat grill to medium.nDress fish with oil, and lemon and lime juices. Season with pepper and salt. Be sure to rub all ingredients throughout fish and inside cavity. Stuff inside of fish with lemon wedges.nPlace in fish basket. Cook 10 to 15 minutes per side or until skin is slightly charred. Remove carefully. Serve with lemon., ingredients: [1 whole bluefish, cleaned, 3 tablespoons, olive oil, 2 lemons, juiced, 3 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons sea salt, 1 to 2 lemons, cut in wedges], title: Whole Grilled Bluefish, picturelink: CgBl0QKK83NN83NByMIrXGbt6WJlX9G}, 9967: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Skewers, if wooden, soak in water for about 20 minutesnBlend the garlic, chipotle peppers, lime juice, olive oil and cilantro, to taste, in a food processor or blender. Place the shrimp in a medium bowl, add the marinade and toss to coat. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and marinate for 20 minutes.nPreheat grill to mediumhigh.nRemove the shrimp from the marinade, thread on skewers, and cook on the grill for about 1 to 1 12 minutes or until done. Transfer to serving plates and serve with the corn salad alongside.nPreheat grill or broiler to medium heat.nRub corn with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill or broil the corn for 7 minutes, turning, or until ears are lightly browned. Remove from grill and allow to cool. Cut the kernels from the cob and place in a large mixing bowl along with the cherry tomatoes, red bell pepper, scallions, and arugula.nIn a small bowl, prepare dressing by whisking together lemon juice, olive oil, salt, pepper and Neelys BBQ Dry Rub, to taste.nToss the salad with the dressing and serve at room temperature.nMix all ingredients in a bowl and stir until combined. Keep in an airtight container for up to 6 months., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, smashed, 3 chipotle peppers in adobo, 1 lime, juiced, 1 cup olive oil, Cilantro leaves, 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, Corn Salad, recipe follows, 6 ears fresh corn, husked with silks removed, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups halved cherry tomatoes, 1 small red bell pepper, finely chopped, 4 scallions, finely chopped, 2 cups packed arugula leaves, 1 lemon, juiced, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Neelys BBQ Dry Rub, recipe follows, 1 12 cups paprika, 34 cup sugar, 3 34 tablespoons onion powder], title: Grilled Corn Salad with Marinated Shrimp, picturelink: tWD.du38TgYYMX0NMAsk75YnM7JiULq}, 9968: {instructions: Slice the strawberries and toss them with 12 cup of white sugar. Set aside.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nGrease and flour an 8inch round cake pan. In a medium bowl combine the flour, baking powder, 2 tablespoons white sugar and the salt. With a pastry blender cut in the shortening until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Make a well in the center and add the beaten egg and milk. Stir until just combined. Spread the batter into the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from the oven and let partially cool in pan on wire rack. Slice partially cooled cake in half, making 2 layers. Place half of the strawberries on 1 layer and cover with the other layer. Top with remaining strawberries and cover with the whipped cream. Slice and serve., ingredients: [3 pints fresh strawberries, 12 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, 13 cup shortening, plus more for greasing, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 23 cup milk, 2 cups whipped heavy cream], title: Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: null}, 9969: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Generously butter a 13 by 9inch baking pan.nHeat 4 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the mango, pineapple, brown sugar, and rum. Cook, stirring often, until the sugar is melted and bubbling. Cool until tepid.nSift together the flour, baking powder, ginger, and salt and set aside. Beat the remaining 8 tablespoons of butter and the sugar in a large bowl with a handheld electric mixer at high speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs, 1 at a time, then the vanilla. On low speed, add the flour in 3 additions, alternating with 2 additions of the milk, and beat until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl often with a rubber spatula.nArrange the fruit in a single layer in the pan, and pour the syrup over all. Sprinkle with the pecans. Spread the batter evenly over the fruit.nBake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes on a wire rack. Invert and unmold onto a large serving platter. If any pieces of fruit stay in the pan, just remove them and arrange them in their place on the cake. Pour any juices in the pan over the cake. Serve warm or completely cooled, with the ice cream., ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups pitted, peeled, and 1inch cubed ripe mango about 2 mangoes, 1 12 cups peeled, cored, and 1inch cubed ripe pineapple about 12 small pineapple, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 2 cups cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, Pinch salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup milk, 12 cup 2 ounces coarsely chopped pecans, toasted, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Tropical UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: null}, 9970: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, salt and dried herbs in a large bowl and stir together. Combine the buttermilk, milk and egg in a small bowl and stir together with a fork. Add the baking soda and stir. Pour the milk mixture into the dry ingredients and stir with a fork until just combined. Do not overmix.nIn a small bowl, melt 14 cup shortening in the microwave in 30second intervals. Add the melted shortening to the batter, stirring constantly, until combined. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons shortening in a 9inch castiron skillet over high heat. Pour the batter into the hot skillet and spread to even out the surface. Cook 1 minute on the stovetop, then transfer to the oven and bake 20 to 25 minutes, until the cornbread is golden brown with crispy edges. Let cool 15 minutes in the skillet, then turn out onto a rack to cool completely.nPhotograph by Dave Malosh, ingredients: [1 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 14 to 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon dried sage, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup whole milk, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons shortening], title: Herbed Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 9971: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nRemove pork roast from package. Season with 2 teaspoons Mexican taco seasoning. Place on a preheated oiled grill pan and sear all sides, about 2 minutes per side.nWhile pork is searing in a 9 by 13inch baking dish, combine enchilada sauce, onions, cilantro, and remaining Mexican taco seasoning. Add pork roast cover with foil, place in oven and roast for 25 minutes or until internal temperature reaches 155 to 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer.nIn a small bowl combined the sour cream, mayonnaise, chipotle sauce, chili lime seasoning, and lime juice. Mix well until blended.nIn a large bowl add the coleslaw and pour the sour cream mayonnaise mixture over top and toss well to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to overnight.nPlace tortillas on a microwavesafe plate, cover with moist paper towel and heat in microwave on HIGH for 45 seconds.nSlice pork and divide between heated tortillas, top with some of the sauce from the baking dish, the spicy slaw and garnish with lime wedge., ingredients: [1 1 12pound pork tenderloin, 3 teaspoon Mexican taco seasoning, 14 cup enchilada sauce, 13 cup chopped onions, 2 tablespoons cilantro, chopped, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Chipotle hot sauce, 2 teaspoons chili lime seasoning, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 16ounce bag coleslaw mix, 8 6inch white corn tortillas, 1 lime, cut into wedges for garnish], title: Carnitas Tacos with Spicy Slaw, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 9972: {instructions: Special equipment: 5cup broilersafe casserole dishnSpecial equipment: 5cup broilersafe casserole dishnMelt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Whisk in the chili sauce, lemon juice, garlic, Worcestershire, cayenne, oregano, paprika and hot sauce. Bring to a low simmer and cook, stirring frequently, until slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Add the shrimp and cook until they are pink and just cooked through, flipping once, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool.nWhen cool, place the shimp mixture in a food processor and pulse until roughly chopped. The shrimp mixture can be made up to a day in advance and refrigerated.nCombine the cream cheese and sour cream in a large bowl and stir vigorously with a rubber spatula until smooth. Add the shrimp mixture, scallion whites, parsley, 1 14 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper and stir to combine. Place in a 5cup broilersafe casserole dish and spread evenly.nMelt the remaining 4 tablespoons of butter and pour over the top of the shrimp dip, making sure to cover the entire surface with a thin layer of butter. Sprinkle with the scallion greens. Chill for at least 4 hours and up to overnight.nJust before serving, position an oven rack in the top third of the oven and preheat the broiler. Broil the dip until the butter layer just begins to melt. Serve with the crackers and crunchy bread., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup chili sauce, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 14 pounds peeled and deveined large shrimp, tails removed, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, 3 scallions, white and green parts separated and thinly sliced, 12 cup loosely packed fresh parsley leaves, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Crackers and crunchy rustic bread for serving], title: New Orleans Barbecue Shrimp Dip, picturelink: Oh2Eq4UF9j7e81RfzR3C0ms12W7Xhq}, 9973: {instructions: For the mashed potatoes: Boil potatoes until fork tender. Drain and whip with remaining ingredients.nFor the sauce: Place all ingredients is a saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook until carrots are tender. Puree in a food processor, and push through a chinois.nFor the glaze: Heat soy sauce and sugar in a saucepan until sugar is dissolved.nAssembly: Sear tuna in a hot pan or grill. Place on a plate and glaze. Surround with carrot ginger sauce and serve with mashed potatoes., ingredients: [8 medium Idaho Potatoes, 14 cup milk, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons wasabi, 2 pounds carrots, cleaned, coarse chop, 14 cup shallots, chopped, 14 cup ginger, chopped, 14 cup mirin sweet sake, 14 cup sake, Four 6ounce tuna steaks, 12 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 12 cup sugar], title: Soy Glazed Tuna, Wasabi Mashed Potato, Sake Carrot Ginger Sauce, picturelink: null}, 9974: {instructions: For the pecancrusted catfish: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper and set aside. Pulse the cornmeal with the pecans and some salt and pepper in a food processor until uniform and the size of breadcrumbs. Create a breading station with the flour on a plate, the milk and egg beaten together and the pecancornmeal mixture on another plate. Be sure to sprinkle salt and pepper on each part of the breading station. Dip the fish in the flour, then the egg, then the cornmeal mixture. Heat the oil in a large ovensafe saute pan over medium heat. Brown the coated catfish until golden on one side, about 3 minutes. Then turn the fillets over and place in the oven to finish cooking, about 10 minutes longer a few minutes more if the fillets are thick.nFor the spicy cream sauce: Place the onions and garlic with the stock, wine and 12 cup water in a small saucepan. Boil and reduce for 5 minutes, gently pressing on the onions and garlic to release the flavors. Remove the onion and garlic and discard. Turn down the heat to low and whisk in the steak sauce and lemon juice, then the sour cream. Allow to cook and reduce 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, allowing the sauce to thicken slightly. Place back on the heat for 10 seconds if needed to keep the temperature high enough., ingredients: [Four 4ounce catfish fillets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 23 cup cornmeal, 12 cup pecans, 14 cup flour, 12 cup milk, 1 egg, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 chunks yellow onion about 14 small onion total, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 12 cup chicken stock, 12 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon steak sauce, Juice of 12 lemon about 3 tablespoons, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Rice or mashed potatoes, for serving], title: PecanCrusted Catfish with Spicy Cream Sauce, picturelink: GUWuXTZOXbAsquUI1i51cus9UPRiaOO}, 9975: {instructions: Lightly butter 4 small microwavesafe mugs. Whisk together the buttermilk, sugar, oil, egg and vanilla in a large bowl until smooth, about 2 minutes. Whisk in the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt until just combined.nPour 13 cup batter into each mug. Microwave, one at a time, until puffed and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 2 minutes. Continue microwaving in 15second intervals, if needed. Let cool slightly. Top as desired., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the mugs, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 18 teaspoon baking soda, A pinch of salt], title: Chocolate Mug Cake in a Microwave, picturelink: 2pMxHicLb8W9BY4VhITHNCQLMlAxm}, 9976: {instructions: In a mixing bowl combine the mayonnaise, oils, garlic, ginger, and vinegar, and season with salt to taste and crushed red pepper.nRemove skin and fat from chicken breast and cut it into bite sized pieces and add to the dressing.nDice the apples into 38inch cubes wash and dry the grapes and toss the ingredients together adjust the seasoning. Serve over Boston lettuce garnished with chives and walnuts., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, regular or low fat, 2 tablespoons each of Oriental sesame oil and vegetable oil, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 1 quarter size piece of ginger, minced, 13 cup rice vinegar, Salt and 12 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 1 to 1 14 pounds smoked chicken breast or roasted chicken, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored, 2 cups red seedless grapes, 1 mediumsize head Boston lettuce, washed and dried and torn into pieces, 1 small bunch fresh chives, snipped for garnish, 1 cup walnuts, preferably toasted and chopped], title: Asian Smoked Chicken Waldorf Salad, picturelink: null}, 9977: {instructions: Form small cakes with mashed potatoes. Dredge cakes in flour seasoned with salt and pepper. Heat skillet with oil and butter. Saute cakes in skillet until brown on both sides., ingredients: [Leftover mashed potatoes, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons butter, Flour, for dredging, Salt, pepper, to taste], title: Sauteed Mashed Potato Cakes, picturelink: null}, 9978: {instructions: Heat the oil in a saute pan and gently cook the salmon, leaving the pieces slightly pink in the center, about 5 minutes. Cool. In a food processor or using two forks, shred the salmon and mix with the butter. Add the creme fraiche, shallot and tarragon. Season the mixture with salt, pepper and lemon juice. Pack into ramekins or similar small pots. Keep in the refrigerator, but before serving, take it out to soften because you want it nice and smearable., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 6 ounces170 g salmon, cut into large cubes, 13 cup70 g butter, softened, 1 tablespoon creme fraiche, 1 tablespoon chopped shallot, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Salmon Rillettes, picturelink: null}, 9979: {instructions: Season the pork roasts all over with salt and pepper. Prepare an outdoor barbecue by soaking mesquite wood chips in water and adding to the coals for added flavor. Sear the pork on the hot grill to lock in the natural juices. Whisk together guava jam, oil, and 1 teaspoon of water. Season with fresh cracked pepper. Rub the pork with guava paste. Set 2 wide pieces of heavyduty aluminum foil on a flat surface. Lay 5 banana leaves on each piece of foil in a crisscross pattern, then place the pork roasts on top. Fold the banana leaves up around the roasts to make a bundle. Insert a sugar cane spear through the banana leaves and into the pork to secure. Tent the foil over the roasts and seal 3 of the sides to form a pouch. Mix liquid smoke and remaining water together in a small bowl, pour it into the pouch. Close up the remaining edge of foil to lock in the moisture and flavor. Transfer back to the hot grill. Roast for 2 12 to 3 hours with the grill cover down. When the pork is cool enough to handle, shred using 2 forks., ingredients: [2 boneless pork rump roasts, about 3 pounds each, 3 tablespoons Hawaiian or coarse salt, 2 tablespoons ground black pepper, 12 cup guava jam, prepared, 2 tablespoons Macadamia nut oil, 1 teaspoon of water, plus 12 cup, 10 banana leaves, wet, 1 stalk sugar cane, split in half lengthwise, 1 tablespoon allnatural liquid smoke flavoring], title: Hawaiian Roasted Pork, picturelink: null}, 9980: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the egg yolks, chicken stock, chicken fat, parsley, and salt. Stir in the matzo meal. In the bowl of an electric mixer with a whisk attachment, whip the egg whites with a pinch of salt until they are stiff. Whisk them into the matzo mixture until it is smooth. Refrigerate for at least 15 minutes, or until the mixture is thick.nForm balls the size of golf balls by shaping them with 2 spoons, rolling them with your hands, or scooping them with a small ice cream scoop. Drop them into simmering chicken stock and cook for 30 minutes, or until fully cooked and puffed, turning once. Remove and serve hot in chicken soup., ingredients: [4 extralarge eggs, separated, 12 cup good chicken stock, 14 cup rendered chicken fat, melted, 12 cup minced fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for egg whites, 1 cup matzo meal], title: Matzo Balls, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 9981: {instructions: Tear the lettuce into bitesized pieces and put into a large mixing bowl. Season with salt and pepper and toss with 12 cup of the dressing. Divide the lettuce among 4 large individual serving bowls. Arrange the cheese, meats, eggs, and avocado, like the spokes of a wheel, on top of each salad. Scatter the tomatoes, cucumbers and croutons on top. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve and pass the remaining dressing at the table.nIn a small mixing bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, salt, and pepper to taste. Stir in the shallots. Gradually whisk in the oil to make a smooth dressing. Use immediately or store covered, in the refrigerator, for up to a week.nSet a medium bowl on a kitchen towel shaped like an O this helps keep the bowl steady while whisking. Whisk together the vinegar, mustard, garlic, 1 14 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper in the bowl. Slowly drizzle in the oil while whisking continuously until the mixture is combined and blended well. Use right away, or refrigerate in a sealed container for up to 3 days. For variety, add your favorite dried or chopped fresh herbs.nMash the garlic and salt to a paste with the side of a chefs knife. In a medium bowl, whisk together the garlic, mayonnaise, 14 cup buttermilk, parsley, chives, scallion, vinegar and pepper to taste. If the sauce is very thick, thin the dressing with a couple tablespoons more of the buttermilk. Use immediately or store covered, in the refrigerator, for up to 3 days.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, 14 cup blue cheese, half and half, sour cream, lemon juice, Worcestershire, and salt, until smooth. Gently stir in the remaining 14 cup blue cheese and season with pepper to taste. Use now or store in the refrigerator for up to 3 days.nMake a paste with the garlic and 14 teaspoon of the salt by crushing them with the side of a chefs knife. In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the garlic, mayonnaise, chili sauce, ketchup, onion, relish and egg until combined. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Use now or store covered in the refrigerator for up to 2 days., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Boston, bibb or green or red leaf lettuce, washed, trimmed, and dried, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 recipe Shallot or Herb Vinaigrette, Ranch, Blue Cheese or Thousand Island Dressing, recipes follow, 4 ounces imported Swiss cheese, cut into 2inch long matchstick pieces, 4 ounces baked ham, cut into 2inch long matchstick pieces, 4 ounces smoked turkey, chicken or duck breast, cut into 2inch long matchstick pieces, 4 ounces rare roast beef, cut into 14inch by 2 inch matchstick pieces, 2 hardcooked eggs, shelled, cut into wedges, 1 ripe Hass avocado, diced, 16 vineripened cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, 2 kirby pickling cucumbers, sliced, 1 cup toasted croutons, 14 cup white wine vinegar, champagne vinegar, or aged sherry wine vinegar, 2 to 3 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely minced shallots, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup white, red or aged sherry vinegar, 2 to 3 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 small clove garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup prepared or homemade mayonnaise, 14 to 13 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons minced flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 1 scallion, trimmed and thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup crumbled Maytag or other blue cheese about 3 ounces, divided, 12 cup half and half, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon kosher salt plus more to taste, 34 cup prepared or homemade mayonnaise, 14 cup bottled chili sauce, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 12 tablespoons minced onion, 2 teaspoons sweet pickle relish, 12 hardcooked large egg, pushed through a sieve or finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Chefs Salad, picturelink: null}, 9982: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a small bowl, create a slurry by combining 14 cup of the apple juice with the cornstarch. Mix until smooth and set aside.nIn a large saucepan over medium heat, cook the apples with the remaining 1 cup apple juice, raisins, sugar and cinnamon until the apples are tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir the cornstarch slurry it may have settled and add it to the apple mixture, stirring constantly until smooth and lump free. Simmer for 1 minute more, stirring constantly. Remove from the heat and cool. Stir in the pecans, cover and chill.nLay out 1 phyllo sheet on a clean, flat, lightly floured surface. Brush with some melted butter and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon breadcrumbs. Repeat this procedure with two more layers of phyllo, butter and breadcrumbs. Top with the fourth sheet of phyllo. Spread the apple filling evenly onto the phyllo surface, leaving a 12inch clean edge on all sides. Roll into a log, folding the edges at each end beneath the log and brush with some melted butter. Carefully place the strudel on the prepared baking sheet, seamside down. Bake the strudel until golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool for 15 minutes before cutting into 2inch slices. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar just before serving. Serve plain or with ice cream., ingredients: [1 14 cups apple juice, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 12 pound apples, peeled, cored and sliced 14inch thick about 5 cups, 12 cup dark seedless raisins, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 13 cup chopped pecans, 4 sheets phyllo dough, 13 cup 5 13 tablespoons melted butter, 3 tablespoons fine dried breadcrumbs, Confectioners sugar, for garnish, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Apple Strudel, picturelink: e6XkMOdCsYcG4.mfz7SMvwKeV1dSV2}, 9983: {instructions: Special equipment: Stand mixer with a 5 quart bowl and whip attachment Rubber SpatulanPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and lightly spray 2 standard cupcake tins.nIn an electric mixer on low speed, combine the sugar and butter until well mixed. Turn the mixer up to mediumhigh speed and beat until light and fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl occasionally, about 5 minutes.nIn a large bowl whisk together the baking powder, salt, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves.nIn a separate smaller bowl whisk together the vanilla extract and egg whites, mixing well. Stir the pumpkin puree into the whites just until incorporated. In the bowl with the creamed butter and sugar add the flour and pumpkin mixtures about 13 at a time, mixing until just incorporated, ending with the pumpkin. Scrape down the bowl and beater and remove the beaters.nWith a rubber spatula fold the batter until it is one even color. Fold in the mini chocolate chips.nFill the prepared cupcake tin filling until the cups are almost full. Dip your fingers in a little bit of water and use it to pat down the mixture in each cup. Put the tin in the preheated oven and bake until a toothpick inserted comes out clean, about 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the tin to a wire rack and allow to cool to room temperature.nDivide the buttercream. Leave the majority white for the base frosting and color approximately a quarter of the white in 3 portions with red, blue, and red and blue mixed together coloring to make a black portion to pipe the eyes.nUnmold the cupcakes onto a work surface. Frost the cupcakes with the white buttercream and smooth it out with a knife or a small offset spatula. Fill 3 pastry bags with the blue buttercream fitted with a ribbon tip and the black and red butter cream both fitted with small plain tips. Pipe on the iris of the eyes with blue buttercream. Pipe in the pupil with the black buttercream, also add a couple of black lines to the iris, as well. Pipe on veins using the red buttercream.nMake sure to have a completely clean and dry bowl when you start your process, any fat or liquid at all in the bowl will stunt the protein development of the albumen egg white protein and you will not have a proper meringue at the end, the results could be disastrous. Start whipping the egg whites slowly in the mixer by themselves no sugar or butter yet until the whites are foamy.nIncrease the speed of the mixer and slowly start adding the sugar until all the sugar is incorporated.nOnce all the sugar is combined, increase the speed of the mixer even further and whip until the mixture is shiny and stiff. You now have a meringue. You know when your meringue is done when you pull out the whip, hold it horizontally, and you have what looks a sparrows beak on the end of the whip.nReplace the whip, turn the mixer on medium and start adding the butter a bit at a time, once all the butter is incorporated, turn the mixer on high and leave it for a while. Depending on the weather, the buttercream could take anywhere from 5 to 15 minutes to form. You will know when it has formed when you hear the motor of the mixer starting to slow down and whine a little bit. Also when you first add the butter, your meringue will break down and look nasty, this is good and is what you want. When the buttercream is done, the mixture will be homogeneous and consistent...and tasty.nRemove the buttercream from the bowl and put in an airtight container. Buttercream can be kept at room temperature for a few days or in the refrigerator for 1 or 2 weeks, but always use warm buttercream when icing a cake. To warm up the buttercream, put it back in the mixer using the whip or the paddle, and apply direct heat to the mixer bowl with a propane torch you can find at any hardware store.nFood coloring method., ingredients: [1 12 cups of sugar, 5 ounces 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, freshly grated nutmeg, and ground cloves, mixed, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup pastry flour, Splash vanilla extract, 6 egg whites, 34 cup pureed pumpkin, 1 12 cups mini chocolate chips, White, Red, Blue and Black Buttercream, recipe follows, 10 egg whites, 15 ounces granulated sugar, 2 12 pounds unsalted butter, room temperature, Red and blue food coloring], title: Eyeball Mini Cakes, picturelink: khgjRrA5JWa9Zjd37AU43ihjgbDXE56}, 9984: {instructions: DescriptionnWith spring weather making its appearance, the patio is the perfect place to enjoy this dish of buffalo mozzarella, bacon and Blue Moon marmalade, and orangebasil dressing.nPairingnThe light, spicy citrus flavors Blue Moonu00ae Belgian White BelgianStyle Wheat Ale complement this spring salad.nTo make the marmalade, in a large, nonstick pot, stew pears, sugar, Blue Moon Belgian White and zest. Slowly simmer about 2  3 hours. Should yield 3 cups of marmalade. When cool, add the bacon and refrigerate.nTo make the orangebasil dressing, in a food processor or blender, buzz the parsley and basil until smooth. Add the oranges then slowly add the oil. Put salad on the bottom of the plate. Drizzle with dressing then add sliced mozzarella and top with the marmalade.nBelgianStyle Wheat Ale, ingredients: [5 pears, peeled and cored, 1 cup sugar, 4 oz. Blue Moon Belgian White, 2 oranges, zested, 6 tbsp. cooked, crispy bacon, chopped, 2 oz. parsley, 1 oz fresh basil, 2 cans Mandarin oranges, drained, 8 oz. corn oil, 8 oz. mixed greens, 1 log mozzarella, sliced thin], title: Blue Moonandreg Spring Salad, picturelink: null}, 9985: {instructions: In a large, heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the farro, 2 teaspoons salt, and water or stock, if using. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the farro is tender, 35 to 45 minutes. Check a few times while it is cooking, you want it to be al dente. Remove from the heat, drain any excess water, and set aside to cool.nWhile the grains are simmering make the dressing. Whisk together the orange zest and juice, shallots, white balsamic vinegar, and olive oil. Add salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside.nJust before serving, in a large bowl, toss the farro with 3 tablespoons dressing and transfer to a large serving bowl. In the same large bowl, combine the salad greens with the almonds, prunes, cherries, and onions and gently toss with 3 tablespoons remaining dressing, adding more dressing as needed. Plate the greens mixture on top of the faro and serve., ingredients: [1 cup farro, lightly toasted, 2 teaspoons salt, plus more for seasoning, 2 12 cups water, or stock, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, from about 14 orange, 2 tablespoons minced shallot, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 cups micro salad greens, washed and dried, 12 cup Marcona almonds, 13 cup prunes, chopped, 13 cup dried cherries, chopped, 14 cup14inch diced red onions, 12 cup 14inch diced tart apple or firm pear], title: Farro Salad with Citrus Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 9986: {instructions: 1. Mix avocados, drained tomatoes, onion, lemon juice and salt in medium bowl until well blended. Season with pepper to taste.n2. Serve with tortilla chips, if desired., ingredients: [12 teaspoon salt, Ground black pepper, 3 ripe avocados, pitted, peeled and mashed, 1 can 10 oz each RoTelu00ae Original Diced Tomatoes  Green Chilies, drained, 34 cup chopped onion, 1 teaspoon lemon or lime juice, Tortilla chips, optional], title: Guacamole That Rocks, picturelink: A9JrJmCnML6UDucKOD75jBd5ouggMUq}, 9987: {instructions: In a deep pot, cook the potatoes in the olive oil, turning occasionally, until brown, 5 minutes. Add the carrots and cook 2 to 3 minutes, stirring with a wooden spoon.nAdd the tomato paste, stir, then add hot chicken stock, bay leaves and salt and pepper. Cover the pot and simmer for 40 minutes. Add the rice and cook 12 minutes longer or until rice is tender.nRemove and discard the bay leaves, adjust the seasoning and serve with sprinkled Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 potatoes, peeled and diced, 2 carrots, shredded, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, 10 cups hot chicken stock, 2 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup long grain rice, Grated Parmigiano], title: Rice and Potato Soup, picturelink: null}, 9988: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine crabmeat, sour cream, oats, bread crumbs, Dijon mustard, crab boil, oregano, and black pepper. Gently mix ingredients together, being careful not to break up crabmeat.nTake 13 of the mixture and shape into 4 crabcakes, each about 1inch thick. Freeze up to 3 months or refrigerate remainder of filling up to 24 hours for another use. Heat oil in a large, ovenproof skillet. Add crab cakes and saute 2 to 3 minutes per side, until golden brown. Transfer pan to oven and bake 20 minutes, until crab cakes are cooked through.nServe 4 cakes for this meal and reserve remaining crab cakes for later in the week., ingredients: [3 pounds fresh lump crabmeat or an equal amount of canned lump crabmeat, 12 cup lowfat sour cream, 3 tablespoons oats regular or quickcooking, 3 tablespoons seasoned dry bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 12 teaspoons crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons olive oil], title: Crab Cakes, picturelink: 8VoYnwbj3f177.iBy0e8.6qw81GI3NS}, 9989: {instructions: Slice about 1inch from the bottom of the asparagus stalks. Place stalks in a jar of water to rehydrate for several hours.nCover an outdoor grill with aluminum foil. Preheat grill to high heat.nIn a large bowl, toss asparagus with thyme and olive oil until all the asparagus is coated. Season with salt and pepper.nPlace asparagus on the foilcovered grill and cook until tender, rotating frequently to avoid scorching, about 6 to 7 minutes. Place asparagus on a platter and sprinkle with the feta., ingredients: [1 pound asparagus, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup crumbled feta], title: Grilled Asparagus with Feta, picturelink: null}, 9990: {instructions: Place chicken breasts, salt and pepper and cream in bowl of food processor fitted with the metal blade. Process, pulsing in short onoff bursts, until everything is wellincorporated. Form and cook raviolis as detailed above. Serve in bowl of warm seasoned chicken broth., ingredients: [2 boneless chicken breast halves about 8 ounces, cut into chunks, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 cups chicken stock, simmered several minutes and seasoned to taste], title: Chicken Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 9991: {instructions: Spread some vanilla frosting on a plate. Put some blue and red popping candy in a shallow bowl. Dip the rims of 2 glasses in the frosting and then in the popping candy. Set aside.nIn a blender, combine the blue cotton candy, 1 pint of the ice cream, 14 cup of the milk and 12 teaspoon of the vanilla. Blend until smooth. Transfer to a pitcher and rinse out the blender. Repeat with the pink cotton candy and the remaining 1 pint ice cream, 14 cup milk and 12 teaspoon vanilla. Fill each glass with the milkshakes, pouring in both colored shakes at the same time so the glass is half pink and half blue. Top each with some blue and pink cotton candy, a swirl lollipop and a rock candy lollipop. Add straws and drink immediately., ingredients: [Storebought vanilla frosting, for serving, Blue raspberryflavored popping candy, for serving, Red cherryflavored popping candy, for serving, 1 cup blue cotton candy, plus more for garnish, 2 pints vanilla ice cream, 12 cup whole milk, cold, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup pink cotton candy, plus more for garnish, 2 pink and blue swirl lollipops, 2 pink rock candy lollipops], title: Cotton Candy Milkshake, picturelink: rGH63w9HREy.tWhGXGPjLPqWzeK4zH2}, 9992: {instructions: Whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.nCombine the butter, peanut butter and brown sugar in another medium bowl. Beat with an electric mixer until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the flour mixture and blend until just combined. Shape the dough into a log: Place it onto a piece of plastic wrap about 18 inches long. Use your hands to pat the dough into a log about 7 inches long and 2 inches around. Roll the plastic wrap around the dough. Twist both ends of the wrap, like a candy, and tighten both sides until the dough log is compact and tightly wrapped this might cause the dough to shrink down to a 6inch log instead of a 7inch log, but that is okay. Tuck the twisted ends under the dough and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours.nWhen ready to bake the cookies, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and arrange 2 racks in the middle of the oven. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Remove the plastic wrap from the dough and use a sharp knife to slice the dough into 18inchthick rounds. Place the rounds about 1 inch apart on the baking sheets, about 12 cookies per baking sheet. Press a halved peanut in to the center of each cookie. If the dough is still very cold, it might crack slightly around the peanut. Simply use your finger to lightly push the dough back together.nBake the cookies until the edges are very lightly browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Halfway through cooking, rotate the baking sheets front to back and top to bottom.nCool the cookies slightly on the baking sheets for 5 minutes, and then transfer to a cooling rack and cool completely.nSandwich the cooled cookies between large scoops of your favorite ice cream., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 13 cup smooth peanut butter, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 peanuts, halved, 1 quart of your favorite ice cream, softened slightly], title: Ice Cream Sandwiches with Slice and Bake Peanut Butter Sandies, picturelink: JVct5roFn2vH7heRifQSCH2iJ0QuxjO}, 9993: {instructions: For the pork:nPreheat the grill over mediumhigh heat.nSeason pork chops with kosher salt and a pinch of sugar on both sides. If possible, season the night before grilling and allow the chops to come to room temperature before cooking.nRub both sides of the pork chop with blended oil and place onto the grill. Cook the chops about 4 minutes per side, until medium doneness. Allow to rest before slicing.nFor the puree:nTo a large saute pan over mediumlow heat, add the butter, apples, and peaches and season with salt, to taste. Allow to slowly cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Carefully place into a blender and blend until pureed. Taste to check for seasoning and reseason, if needed.nFor the mostarda:nTo a small saucepan over medium heat add the coriander seeds and mustard seeds and toast, about 30 seconds. Add the dried cherries, peaches, apples, thyme sprigs, sliced shallot, and apple cider vinegar. Allow to simmer until the peaches and apples are tender, about 10 minutes. Taste for seasoning and add salt and freshly ground black pepper. Take off the heat, add a splash of mustard oil, and stir to combine.nFor each serving:nDrizzle the peppercress with extravirgin olive oil and toss to coat. Place a small spoonful of the puree onto the plate. Take the pork off the bone and slice. Place the pork slices onto the plate and top with a spoonful of the mostarda. Garnish with a few sprigs peppercress and drizzle the plate with extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [4 pork chops, Kosher salt, Pinch sugar, Blended oil, for rubbing, 1 white peach, peeled, pitted and cut into 8 slices, 1 McIntosh apple, peeled, cored and cut into 8 slices, 1 cup unsalted butter, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 12 cup dried cherries, 1 peach, peeled, pitted, cheeks removed and medium diced, 1 Granny smith apple, peeled, cored, cheeks removed and medium diced, 4 to 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 shallot, halved and thinly sliced, 2 cups apple cider vinegar, plus more as needed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Splash mustard oil, 1 cup peppercress, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Grilled Pork Chop with Apple and Peach Mostarda and Puree, picturelink: null}, 9994: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 12 wooden skewersnBuild each skewer by threading on a chunk of lettuce, a tomato, a cheese cube, lettuce chunk, cucumber chunk and finally, another lettuce chunk. Arrange the skewers on a platter.nWhisk together the oil, vinegar, Italian seasoning and some salt and pepper in a small bowl. Right before serving, brush the dressing onto the skewers., ingredients: [12 head iceberg lettuce, cut into small chunks, 12 cherry tomatoes, 8 ounces mild Cheddar, cut into cubes, 12 English cucumber, cut into chunks, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Salad on a Stick, picturelink: G93jG3LAtTio3ZhrlfGaEJMN6RFe61C}, 9995: {instructions: In a 10 or 12inch saute pan, heat 3 tablespoons of the olive oil. Saute the ground chicken or beef until lightly browned, breaking up the pieces as they cook. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Remove the chicken or beef with a slotted spoon and drain in a colander. Set aside until needed.nIn the same saute pan, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Over medium heat, saute the onion, carrots and celery until they just start to color, 6 to 8 minutes. Do not brown. Add the garlic, stir in the tomato paste, and cook a few minutes longer.nDeglaze the pan with the wine and cook, stirring occasionally, until almost all the liquid has evaporated. Add the tomatoes, cook for 2 or 3 minutes, then pour in the stock and reserved chicken and season with the oregano, thyme, and a little salt and pepper. Cook until the sauce has thickened slightly, about 30 minutes. If the sauce has thickened too much or you prefer a thinner sauce, add a little more stock. Stir in the chopped basil and the red pepper flakes and adjust the seasoning, to taste. Serve over rigatoni., ingredients: [5 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds coarsely ground chicken, preferably dark meat, or, 2 pounds of coarsely ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium white onion, about 2 cups, trimmed and cut into small dice, 2 medium carrots, about 1 cup, trimmed, peeled, and cut into small dice, 1 medium celery stalk, trimmed and cut into small dice, 4 or 5 garlic cloves, cut into small dice, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 2 12 pounds Roma tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped fine, 3 cups chicken stock, heated, Pinch or minced fresh oregano leaves, Pinch minced fresh thyme leaves, 6 or 7 chopped fresh basil leaves, Pinch red pepper flakes, or to taste, 2 pounds rigatoni, cooked al dente], title: Chicken or Beef Bolognese, picturelink: null}, 9996: {instructions: Put the garlic cloves in a saucepan with just enough olive oil to cover them. Place over low heat and simmer until the cloves are soft and golden, 3040 minutes. With a slotted spoon, scoop the garlic into a bowl, then mash to a puree. Immediately strain the oil through a coffee filter and reserve.nProcess the butter in a food processor until smooth and creamy. Add 14cup of the garlic puree save any extra for spreading on bread, 112 Tbs. of the reserved garlic oil, the thyme, and a pinch of salt. Process until well blended. Taste and add more salt if needed. Refrigerate until firm enough to shape into a log.nPut an 18inch sheet of aluminum foil on your work surface. Spoon the butter down the center of the foil into a log about 112 inches in diameter. Enclose in foil and twist the ends to make a sealed log, like a Tootsie Roll. Refrigerate for up to 1 week, or freeze for up to 6 months., ingredients: [1 large or 2 small heads garlic, separated into cloves and peeled, extravirgin olive oil to cover, 1 cup 12lb. unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 Tbs. finely minced fresh thyme, sea salt, preferably Gray salt], title: Roasted Garlic Thyme Butter, picturelink: null}, 9997: {instructions: Cook 4 chopped bacon strips until crisp. Drain on paper towels, reserving the drippings. Combine 4 egg yolks, 3 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard and a pinch of cayenne in a heatproof bowl set over simmering water whisk until thick, 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in 1 tablespoon bacon drippings, and salt to taste. Serve over steamed asparagus and top with chives and the bacon.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Asparagus With Bacon Sabayon, picturelink: jASLGTzRJ97b52sc8CoqZC8HChYS}, 9998: {instructions: Heat the oven to 325 degrees F. Let the turkey sit at room temperature while the oven is heating.nWhen you are ready to cook, make the rub. Combine the dried sage, seafood seasoning, pepper, and salt in a bowl. Stir in the olive oil using just enough to make the rub the consistency of wet mud. Massage the rub all over the turkey. Stuff the fresh herbs into the cavity. Using butchers twine, truss the turkey: tie the legs together and make sure the wings are held tight against the turkeys body. If you are using a rotisserie, put the turkey onto the spit. Otherwise, place the turkey on a rack in a roasting pan and put it into the oven. Mix together the lemon juice and olive oil and baste the bird every 20 minutes. Bake the turkey for approximately 3 12 to 4 12 hours or until the internal temperature taken at the thickest part of the thigh reaches 180 degrees F and the thickest part of the breast reaches 160 degrees F. Remove the turkey from the oven and let it rest for 15 to 20 minutes before carving the temperature will raise 5 degrees while the turkey rests. If you do not have a meat thermometer, the juices should run clear when the turkey is poked in a few places [between the leg and thigh] with a fork., ingredients: [14 cup dried sage, 12 cup seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 14 cup ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 14 to 16 pound fresh turkey, 1 bunch fresh sage, 1 bunch fresh parsley, Celery leaves, from 1 bunch celery, 2 lemons, juiced, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil], title: Georges Special Turkey on a Bicycle Spit, picturelink: null}, 9999: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oil to 350 degrees F.nCut the chicken breasts into long strips and set aside.nBeat the 3 eggs in a separate bowl and measure the flour into another separate dish.nMeasure the panko into a pie plate or shallow bowl and season with garlic powder, lemonpepper, cayenne, salt and pepper.nDip the chicken strips into the flour, the beaten egg and then dredge them into the seasoned panko.nFry in the hot peanut oil for 6 to 8 minutes, until golden brown, and remove to a paper towel lined sheet tray. Serve with Honey Mustard sauce.nMix all the ingredients in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. The sauce can be held in the refrigerator for 1 week., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 3 eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon lemonpepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, Honey Mustard, recipe follows, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup honey, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt and pepper], title: Tonys Chicken Tenders with Honey Mustard Sauce, picturelink: Mw5ckF93aANBBb21W3y5sjiPVESNeUa}, 10000: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWash the potatoes and prick them several times with a fork. Wrap them individually in foil and bake until they are soft when squeezed, about 1 hour see Cooks Note. Let the potatoes cool slightly.nWhile the potatoes bake, cook the bacon in a small skillet, in a microwave or on an indoor grill until crisp. Drain the bacon on paper towels and, when cool enough to handle, crumble into small pieces. Set aside.nIn a large heavy saucepan, melt the butter over low heat. Add the flour, stirring constantly for 1 minute until smooth. Gradually whisk in the milk and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture is thick and bubbling, 5 to 10 minutes. Cut the potatoes in half lengthwise and scoop the flesh into the thickened milk mixture. Add the Cheddar, salt, pepper, green onions and reserved bacon. Cook over low heat just until heated through, then stir in the sour cream. Garnish with shredded Cheddar, crumbled bacon and chopped green onions and serve with more sour cream on the side., ingredients: [4 large baking potatoes, 6 bacon slices, plus crumbled cooked bacon, for serving, 23 cup 11 tablespoons butter, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 8 cups milk, 5 ounces Cheddar, shredded, plus more for serving, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 green onions scallions, finely chopped, plus more for serving, 8 ounces sour cream, plus more for serving], title: Baked Potato Soup, picturelink: V.l.7JDpdKsGbjiy7dqgAJykuIbJSG2}, 10001: {instructions: Brush large grill pan with vegetable oil and heat over mediumhigh heat.nBefore grilling, toss veggies with olive oil, garlic, salt and pepper. Grill vegetables in batches until nicely colored and soft, about 6 to 8 minutes per batch.nCut bread into 6inch pieces. Cut pieces lengthwise but dont go all the way through.nSpread a thick layer of ricotta on the bottom half of the bread. Sprinkle with salt.nToss arugula with olive oil, balsamic vinegar and salt and pepper to taste. Place dressed arugula on top of ricotta layer. Then add the generous amounts of the different grilled vegetables., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for brushing, 2 zucchini, sliced lengthwise in 14inchthick slices, 2 yellow squash, sliced lengthwise in 14inchthick slices, 2 red onions, sliced into 14inch rounds, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 baguettes, 1 16ounce container ricotta cheese, 1 bunch arugula, washed, dried and stems discarded, Balsamic vinegar, to taste], title: Pangrilled Veggie Sandwiches with Ricotta, Arugula and Balsamic, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 10002: {instructions: Find the coolest cookie cutters your mom has and cut shapes out of the meat, cheese and bread. Spread on all the condiments you like and build a unique sandwich., ingredients: [4 slices sandwich meat, 4 slices cheese, 8 slices wheat bread, Mustard, Mayonnaise, Hummus, Pickles], title: Cute Sandwich Cutouts, picturelink: null}, 10003: {instructions: In a large casserole combine meats with broth or water, bay leaf, peppercorns and allspice, bring to a boil over high heat, reduce heat to low and simmer, partially covered, skimming frequently, for 2 to 2 12 hours. Strain soup, reserving broth and meats separately. Remove meat from the ham hocks, discarding any gristle or bone and cut it into dice. Cut beef into cubes. Return meat and broth to casserole and add beets, vinegar, tomato mors or paste and sugar simmer, covered, 15 minutes.nIn a skillet set over moderate heat melt butter, add carrot, pepper, onion and salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until vegetables are softened add to casserole. Add potatoes and shredded cabbage to casserole and simmer 10 minutes. Add kielbasa and simmer 5 minutes more. Stir in kvass to taste, dill and garlic and let stand 10 minutes. Serve soup with slices of roasted goose, dill sprigs and sour cream for garnish., ingredients: [2 ham hocks, 1 12 pounds beef brisket or chuck, in large pieces, 3 quarts beef broth or water, 1 bay leaf, 6 peppercorns, 3 allspice berries, 3 large beets, roasted and shredded, 4 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Tomato mors or tomato puree, to taste, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 large carrot, shredded, 1 cup diced red bell pepper, 1 cup minced onion, 3 boiling potatoes, cubed and cooked, 12 small head cabbage, shredded, 12 to 1 pound kielbasa, sliced, About 14 cup kvass fermented beets or vinegar or lemon juice, 13 cup snipped fresh dill, 4 cloves garlic, minced fine, Slices of roasted goose, fresh dill sprigs and sour cream, for garnish], title: Ukrainian Borscht, picturelink: null}, 10004: {instructions: Combine 2 cups water, the cauliflower, whole rosemary sprig and 12 teaspoon salt in a pot and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce the heat to low and cook until the cauliflower is very tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and transfer to a food processor, discarding the rosemary. Add the cheese and 1 tablespoon butter and puree. Transfer to a bowl and fold in the chives season with salt and pepper. Cover to keep warm.nSeason the steaks on both sides with salt and pepper. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over high heat until foamy and starting to brown, about 1 minute. Add the steaks and cook until browned, about 1 12 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate.nAdd 1 tablespoon butter to the skillet. Reduce the heat to medium high and add the shallot, garlic and chopped rosemary. Cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add the mushrooms and cook until tender, about 3 minutes. Add the wine cook until reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth cook until thickened, about 4 minutes. Add the steaks and any accumulated juices and the remaining 1 tablespoon butter to the skillet. Cook, turning the steaks to coat, 1 minute. Serve with the cauliflower puree.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, cut into florets, 2 sprigs rosemary leaves from 1 sprig chopped, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups shredded Italian cheese blend about 5 ounces, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives Freshly ground pepper, 4 beef eyeround steaks 12 inch thick about 5 ounces each, 1 large shallot, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 8 ounces sliced white mushrooms about 4 cups, 12 cup sweet Marsala wine or white wine, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth], title: Steak Marsala with Cauliflower Mash, picturelink: 5QplvLts7PtTUcmkorNVS4l7GIE3RP6}, 10005: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, combine the heavy cream and sugar and whip with a hand mixer until medium peaks form. Cover with plastic and place in the refrigerator.nIn another large bowl, combine the cream cheese, peach preserves and vanilla extract and beat with a hand mixer until light and fluffy. Fold in the whipped cream.nDivide the mixture among 4 dessert glasses and refrigerate until ready to serve. When ready to serve, garnish each with a few slices of peach and a ladyfinger cookie., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sugar, One 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup peach preserves, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 small peach, sliced, for garnish, 4 ladyfinger cookies, for garnish], title: Peaches n Cream Cups, picturelink: NkjAXfhwvHnH0CMI5lORS5zFOw8LKm}, 10006: {instructions: Coat a saute pan with olive oil. Toss in the garlic clove, crushed red pepper, bacon, and a couple drops of olive oil. Bring the pan to a medium heat. When the garlic is golden and very aromatic, remove it and discard. When the bacon has become crispy, toss in the Swiss chard stems, half of the chicken stock, and season with salt. When the chicken stock has reduced, toss in the Swiss chard leaves and season with salt. Cook the leaves until they are just wilted, about 3 to 4 minutes.nCoat another saute pan with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Pat the halibut fillet dry with a paper towel and season with salt.nWhen the oil in the pan is very hot but not yet smoking, place the fish flesh side down and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. As the fish cooks it will turn from translucent to opaque. Turn the fish over and cook for another 3 to 4 minutes. When the fish is done it should be golden and firm but still moist.nPlace the Swiss chard in the center of the serving plate. Lay the fish directly on top. Top the fish with the Salsa Cruda.nCombine all the ingredients in a large bowl. Season generously with salt. Taste to make sure it is delicious. Adjust seasonings if needed., ingredients: [Olive oil, 1 clove garlic, smashed, Pinch crushed red pepper, 1 slice bacon, cut into 12inch lengths lardons, 4 large Swiss chard leaves, stems removed and cut into 12inch lengths, leaves cut into 1inch lengths, 14 cup chicken stock, divided, Salt, 1 6ounce halibut filet, 12 cup Salsa Cruda, recipe follows, 12 pound heirloom tomatoes assorted colors preferred, stemmed, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, 14 small red onion, cut into 14inch dice, 12 small zucchini, green part only, cut into 14inch dice, 5 pitted Gaeta or kalamata olives, slivered, 1 clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 1 sprig fresh oregano, picked and leaves chopped, 3 basil leaves, chiffonade, 1 12 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Pinch crushed red pepper, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt], title: Seared Halibut with Sauteed Swiss Chard and Salsa Cruda, picturelink: p1XvZVPr649eN1cEJhjpNCCYGLjqwyy}, 10007: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the extravirgin olive oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the pancetta or bacon, if using, until crispy. Add the mushrooms and cook until brown and tender, about 15 minutes or so. Add the onions, carrots, celery, garlic, bay leaves, salt, pepper, marjoram, and thyme. Cook, covered, 10 minutes more, stirring occasionally, to soften the vegetables. Stir in the flour for 1 minute, then add the tomato paste and Worcestershire sauce. Add the wine and reduce by half, a couple of minutes, then add the stock and simmer to thicken a bit. Cool completely and store for makeahead meal, reheat over medium heat to bubbly.nWhile the stew simmers, bring water to a boil, salt it and cook off the egg noodles just before youre ready to serve. Drain them when they have a little bite to them and add back to the hot pot, stir together with butter, salt, and parsley. Serve the noodles in shallow bowls with stew., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces pancetta, chopped or 4 slices bacon, chopped, optional, 2 pounds crimini mushrooms, halved, 2 medium onions, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 4 large cloves garlic, sliced, 2 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, A sprig fresh marjoram, finely chopped or 1 teaspoon dried, A few sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked and finely chopped, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 12 cups, half a bottle, dry red burgundy wine, 4 cups beef or mushroom stock, 1 pound egg noodles, 2 tablespoons butter, A handful fresh parsley, finely chopped], title: Mushroom and Burgundy Stew, picturelink: gB1o84wQzSBXjrvavrxv0SDOJ3hpfq}, 10008: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the filling: Pulse the graham crackers in a food processor until crumbly. Add the chocolate and cream cheese and continue to pulse until crumbly but pasty.nUsing the filling portion the bumpy side of a 12section ravioli mold, cover the indented side with plastic wrap. Pack some of the filling into each indentation, leveling each one so its flush with the top of the mold. Remove and place on a plate. Repeat to make 24 fillings. Cover the filling with plastic wrap and refrigerate. Eat the crumbs left behind.nTo make the dough: Combine the butter and sugars in a large mixing bowl. Beat at medium speed, until fluffy and combined, about 2 minutes. Add the molasses and vanilla and beat until combined.nIn a separate bowl, whisk both flours, the baking soda, salt and cinnamon together. Add flour mixture to butter mixture in 3 parts, alternating with cream in 2 parts, beginning and ending with flour. Be careful not to overwork the dough. Divide into 2 disks, wrap in plastic warp and chill until very firm, about 1 hour.nLay out an 11 by 15inch piece of foil on a clean workspace and sprinkle generously with flour. Place a disk of dough on top and cover with a large sheet of plastic wrap. Roll the dough between the two layers Voila, no messy hands until you have a rectangle measuring 10 by 13 inches, cutting and patching as needed. Repeat with the other disk of dough. Transfer each foil to a cookie sheet and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nWhen chilled, remove plastic wrap from 1 flat of chilled and rolled dough. Spray the zigzag side of the ravioli mold with nonstick spray and sprinkle it with flour. Place the mold, zigzag side down, onto the lower half of the dough, making a slight indent in the dough. Take the chocolate filling from the refrigerator. Place a round of filling on the center of each square ravioli impression.nUsing the foil to lift the top of the dough, fold it over the mounds on the bottom half leaving plenty of give to tuck dough between each mound. Gently press out the air around the mounds with wet fingers to keep the dough from cracking. Spray the zigzag side of the mold again and sprinkle the top of the ravioli with flour. Invert the press on the cookies, making another impression in the dough, and press very firmly to seal the 2 layers together and cut off excess dough.nTo remove the mold, gently lift by pressing downward on the 2 mounds on the end. Lift up on the mold working your way across the dough slab. Use a dry pastry brush to brush off excess flour. Cut ravioli into individual portions, trimming away excess dough with a knife or fluted pastry cutter. Arrange on a baking sheet. Chill the molded ravioli in the refrigerator until firm to the touch, 30 more minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBake the ravioli for 25 to 30 Minutes. Remove from oven and let sit on cookie sheet 5 more minutes, using a pastry cutter to cut in between the ravioli while warm, if desired. Then slide the slab onto a cookie sheet to cool. Eat 1 slab and freeze the other to keep it really fresh. Yummmmm, ingredients: [5 graham crackers, broken into pieces, 6 ounce milk or dark chocolate, or a combination, chopped, 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons molasses, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 112 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup graham flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup heavy cream], title: SMore Rockin Reindeer Ravioli, picturelink: uXHadkeaKiIeAqxYynjB7QWtpnKGX6}, 10009: {instructions: Cornmeal Crust: Combine flour, cornmeal, and butter in food processor and add water in a fine stream, processing constantly until the dough forms a ball. Shape into disc and wrap in plastic. Chill for about 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nShape into 6 balls, roll into circles and line individual 4 12inch tart molds. Place on baking sheet and prick with fork. Bake until crisp, about 10 minutes. Let cool on wire rack.nOyster Filling: In a saute pan, sweat leeks and herbs in butter until leeks are soft. Add sherry and let reduce until almost dry. Add cream and paprika. Just before serving, add oysters and liquor, and cook until oysters just begin to curl.nWhen the oysters have cooked, pour the mixture into the tart shells and serve immediately., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons cornmeal, 14 cup cold unsalted butter, cut in cubes, 3 tablespoons ice water, 1 bunch leeks, cleaned and chop white part only into small dice to yield about 2 cups, 2 teaspoons fresh tarragon, chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, chopped, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 cup dry sherry, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 14 teaspoon paprika, 2 dozen oysters, shucked, reserved in oyster liquor], title: Individual Oyster Tarts, picturelink: null}, 10010: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSet a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Spray 2 9inch round pans with nonstick spray, line the bottom of the pan with a parchment paper round, spray the parchment with nonstick spray, and set aside.nWhisk the flours, cocoa, baking soda, and salt together in a bowl and set aside. Whisk the buttermilk, food coloring, vinegar, and vanilla together in a small bowl and set aside.nCombine the brown sugar and butter in the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment and cream on medium speed until lightened in color, 2 minutes. Stop the mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl with a spatula. Return the mixer to medium speed and slowly add the eggs and beat until they are fully incorporated.nWith the mixer on low, add the flour mixture in 3 installments, alternating with the buttermilk mixture, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Stop the mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl between each installment. Mix on low speed until smooth, 30 to 45 seconds.nDivide the batter evenly between the prepared pans and bake until the cake springs back when pressed or reaches an internal temperature of 205 degrees F, 30 to 35 minutes.nCool in the pans on a rack for 10 minutes, and then remove the cake from the pans and cool completely, about 1 hour, before frosting.nCombine the cream cheese and butter on medium speed, just until blended, in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Stop and scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add the vanilla and salt and beat until combined. With the speed on low, add the powdered sugar in 4 batches, beating until smooth between each addition. Refrigerate for 5 to 10 minutes before using., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 5 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 4 ounces cake flour, 12 ounce natural cocoa, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup lowfat buttermilk, room temperature, 1 fluid ounce red liquid food coloring, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 10 12 ounces dark brown sugar, 4 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 whole eggs, room temperature, Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, 13 12 ounces powdered sugar, 12 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 3 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt], title: Red Velvet Cake, picturelink: 0RvsQxiZMbI9NEISC9x8ZmQksxjbf6}, 10011: {instructions: Heat 3 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 pound chopped wild mushrooms and 2 thyme sprigs saute until the mushrooms are golden, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and add 23 cup heavy cream toss to warm through. Remove from the heat and add a handful of parsley.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Creamy Mushroom Crepe Filling, picturelink: tXg4FT.tQFhFPpDSf56mUxavyuNfu}, 10012: {instructions: Heat 3 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, onion and ginger and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is dark brown, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the broth: Put the bacon and chicken wings in a Dutch oven and add enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer 10 minutes. Drain and wipe the pot clean. Rinse the bacon and wings under cold water, then return to the pot add 4 quarts water and the dried mushrooms. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium add the garlic mixture and gently simmer 1 hour, 15 minutes.nStrain the broth through a colander into a large bowl, pressing on the solids to extract as much of the liquid as possible. Skim any excess fat from the surface. Measure the broth, adding water if necessary to yield 2 quarts. The broth can be made up to 4 days ahead cover and refrigerate.nJust before serving, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and the scallions in a medium skillet over medium heat until the mixture starts sizzling. Add the sake, soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons salt, the sugar, peppercorns and 12 cup water. Simmer, reducing to 12 cup, about 5 minutes.nBring the broth and the scallion mixture to a simmer in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the noodles and cook until softened, 1 to 3 minutes. Gently pull the noodles apart with tongs. Transfer the soup to bowls and top as desired.nToppings BarnTake your pick: These taste great in just about any combination.nShredded rotisserie chickennSauteed mushroomsnNori strips seaweednShredded kalenCubed firm tofunSnow peasnToasted sesame seedsnSliced radishesnSliced scallionsnBean sproutsnKimchinWatercressnSliced jalapenonPickled gingernWasabi pastenFried eggnSesame oilnSrirachanRoasted squash: Toss cubed butternut or kabocha squash no need to peel with olive oil and sprinkle with salt, sugar and red pepper flakes. Roast at 425 degrees F, 30 minutes.nSauteed shrimp: Stirfry peeled deveined shrimp in hot olive oil with minced ginger, chopped scallions and a pinch each of sugar, salt and pepper.nRoasted pork belly: Put 1 cup each sake and water, 12 cup each soy sauce and mirin, and 14 cup sugar in a Dutch oven. Add 2 pounds skinless pork belly, 1 quartered onion, 12 head garlic and 4 thin slices ginger. Cover with foil. Roast at 325 degrees F,3 hours slice.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 8 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 large onion, chopped, 8 thin slices ginger, 1 pound sliced bacon, 4 pounds chicken wings, 12 dried shiitake mushrooms, rinsed, 12 scallions, white and light green parts, chopped, 14 cup sake or dry sherry, 14 cup reducedsodium soy sauce, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon white peppercorns, 8 3to5ounce packages dry or vacuumpacked ramen noodles flavor packets discarded, Assorted toppings see below], title: Ramen Noodle Soup, picturelink: cs2ukRJH4c6ixTnwpmOCX9VdBR5oA6u}, 10013: {instructions: Put the water in a large stockpot, add the salt, and bring to a boil. Add the peanuts and simmer for 1 to 2 hours, testing a peanut occasionally, until the shells tear open with ease and the peanuts inside are completely tender even a little mushy.nDrain and serve warm. Uneaten peanuts can be stored in a tightly covered container in the refrigerator for up to 2 days. Heat cold peanuts to handhot in the microwave before serving., ingredients: [23 quarts water, 14 cup kosher salt, 2 pounds green peanuts see Note], title: Low Country Boiled Peanuts, picturelink: null}, 10014: {instructions: Mix the black tea, lychee syrup, and lemonade in a large pitcher and chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Serve the lemonade over ice, and garnish each glass rim with a slice of lemon andor lychee., ingredients: [2 cups iced black tea recommended: Tejava brand, 1 12 cups lychee syrup can be found with the canned lychees in the Asian aisle of grocery stores, 1 cup lemonade or sparkling lemonade, storebought, 4 slices lemon or lychee, scored halfway down its center, for garnish], title: Lychee Black Tea Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 10015: {instructions: For the quick ginger beer: In a large saucepan add the grated ginger along with any juice, allspice berries, cloves, sugar and 2 cups water. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally, then remove from the heat. Add the lime zest and let steep while it cools, about 30 minutes. Strain into a pitcher and stir in the lime juice. Fill with sparkling water. Serve over ice within one day or use in a dark and stormy cocktail. Makes 5 cups.nFor the dark and stormy: Fill a highball glass halfway with crushed ice. Add the rum and 5 to 6 ounces ginger beer. Top with lime juice, stir and garnish with lime slices. Serve immediately., ingredients: [5 ounces fresh ginger, peeled and grated about 1 cup grated ginger, 2 allspice berries, 2 cloves, 12 cup turbinado or dark brown sugar, Zest of 1 lime plus juice of 2 limes, 2 cups sparkling water, 2 ounces dark rum, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, Lime slices, for garnish], title: Dark and Stormy, picturelink: VNQXQGKWYsy4GRo3fW.b99jkVPynMGi}, 10016: {instructions: 1.Place all ingredients into the Vitamix container in the order listed and secure lid.n2.Select Variable 1.n3.Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 10, then to High.n4.Blend for 3 minutes with tamper as necessary or until mixture is smooth and warm. Pour into fondue pot., ingredients: [1 cup 240 ml heavy cream, 12 cup 120 g reduced fat sour cream, 6 ounces 170 g Mascarpone cheese, 8 ounces 227 g Neufchatel cheese, 14 cup 50 g granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 8 ounces 227 g chopped white chocolate], title: White Chocolate Cheesecake Fondue, picturelink: RrcZJt9vdGg2W6FcPWy9O66lnDZOOy}, 10017: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nToss the ginger, green onions, lime juice, red onions, pineapple, chile and oil in large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Serve on tortilla or plantain chips., ingredients: [2 teaspoons grated ginger, 2 green onions, thinly sliced, Juice of 1 lime, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 1 pineapple, sliced and grilled or roasted until just tender, diced, 12 to 1 habanero chile, minced, Splash canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Corn tortilla or plantain chips, for serving], title: PineappleGingerHabanero Salsa, picturelink: ld0vfNWtpgUWhwDZesrGzoGn3fvVC}, 10018: {instructions: Arrange onion and apple slices in bottom of slow cooker. Place chicken pieces on top and season all over with salt and black pepper. Sprinkle rosemary over chicken.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together chicken broth and soup. Pour mixture over chicken.nCover and cook on LOW for 6 to 8 hours or on HIGH for 3 to 4 hours.nServe chicken, sauce, apples, and onions over rice., ingredients: [2 cups sliced onions, 2 apples, peeled, cored and sliced, 2 pounds cut up chicken pieces with bone, with or without skin, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 12 cup cream of celery soup, 2 cups cooked rice white or brown], title: Slow Cooker Chicken with Rosemary, Apples and Onions, picturelink: null}, 10019: {instructions: Toast 4 sliced garlic cloves and a pinch of cayenne pepper in a skillet with butter. Add 1 14 pounds green beans, season with salt and a pinch of sugar and cook 2 minutes. Add 14 cup water, cover and cook 6 minutes, then uncover and boil until the water evaporates. Season with salt and pepper and toss with chopped pecans.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Garlic Green Beans, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 10020: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Place chicken in roasting pan and set aside. Mix mustard, lemon juice, wine, garlic, pepper, rosemary and oil in a bowl and pour over chicken halves. Marinate for at least 4 hours or overnight. After fully marinated, add carrot, celery, onion and rosemary to roasting pan evenly around and under chicken. Season with salt and pepper. Roast in oven for 45 minutes or until juices run clear when pierced with a fork. Remove from oven and let settle. Cut into 8 pieces.nHeat a medium size saute pan, add olive oil and saute for 1 minute. Add broccoli, mushroom and potatoes, saute for 2 minutes. Add chicken, wine and cook until wine reduces. Add chicken stock, cover and cook on lowflame for 10 minutes. To plate, remove chicken from pan and place on large platter. Add lemon, rosemary and butter to remaining sauce. Season to taste. Pour over chicken., ingredients: [1 whole 3 pound chicken, backbone removed and split down the breastbone, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon white wine, 1 clove garlic, sliced, 14 teaspoon chili pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped, 12 cup olive oil, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 rosemary sprigs, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon sliced garlic, 1 cup broccoli florets, steamed, 1 cup red potatoes, roasted and sliced, 12 cup button mushrooms, Sauteed, 14 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, Juice of one lemon, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Chicken Scarpariello, picturelink: null}, 10021: {instructions: Mix the ground meat, fish sauce, olive oil, cornstarch, sugar, and chili, if using, together. Mix well and freeze for 1 hour to marinate. Then pour into a mixer. Blend well until smooth.nUsing a tablespoon, scoop out a spoonful of mixture and place on a small piece of plastic wrap. Roll to cover, shaping into a hotdog and twisting at the ends to close. Place plastic covered hot dog onto a small piece of foil, rolling again to cover the plastic completely. Tie the ends closed with kitchen string or cooking plastic wrap. Repeat until all the ground meat mixture is rolled.nSteam for 45 minutes, ingredients: [1 to 1 12 pounds ground meat chicken, turkey, pork or beef, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon spicy chili powder], title: Vietnamese Hot Dog, picturelink: null}, 10022: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDrop the white and red potatoes into a large pot of boiling salted water and cook for 20 to 30 minutes, until they are just cooked through. Drain in a colander and place a towel over the potatoes to allow them to steam for 10 more minutes. As soon as you can handle them, cut in 12 quarters if the potatoes are larger and place in a medium bowl. Toss gently with the wine and chicken stock. Allow the liquids to soak into the warm potatoes before proceeding.nCombine the vinegar, mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper and slowly whisk in the olive oil to make an emulsion. Add the vinaigrette to the potatoes. Add the scallions, dill, parsley, basil, 1 12 teaspoons salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper and toss. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound small white boiling potatoes, 1 pound small red boiling potatoes, 2 tablespoons good dry white wine, 2 tablespoons chicken stock, 3 tablespoons Champagne vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 10 tablespoons good olive oil, 14 cup minced scallions white and green parts, 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill, 2 tablespoons minced flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons julienned fresh basil leaves], title: French Potato Salad, picturelink: eDKRCywl.xoW79F3FMriYqo2Ticxh6S}, 10023: {instructions: Chicken:nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSeason the chicken thighs with salt and pepper, to taste. In a medium ovenproof frying pan over high heat, add the oil and butter and stir to combine. Add garlic and thyme and cook until the butter is slightly browned. Add the chicken, skin side, down and let it sit in the pan so the skin becomes crispy and golden. While the skin is crisping up, spoon the hot butteroil over the thighs. Once the skin is crisp, about 5 minutes, and releases from the pan easily, turn the chicken over. Continue cooking for another 5 minutes to sear the meat. Put in the oven and roast for approximately 10 to 15 minutes. Depending on how large the thighs are, check for doneness.nPotatoes:nHave an ice bath ready before beginning. Bring a medium stockpot of salted water to boil over medium heat. Blanch each of the varieties of potatoes and carrots starting with the fingerlings, Yukon gold, carrots and purple Peruvians last. Cook each batch until tender, but still with a little bite. After blanching each set of vegetables, use a strainer remove all of the vegetables out of the water and dunk them in the ice water bath. Once they are cold to the touch, drain and set aside. Right before serving, get a medium fry pan heated over high heat, add the a little oil and some butter. Once the butter is melted and hot, add the potatoes and carrots and saute until heated through. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the Herbed Jus:nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the oil and 1 tablespoon butter. When the butter has melted, add the onions, garlic and shallots. Cook slowly to soften and bring out the flavors. Do not burn the garlic. Reduce the heat to low if the mixture starts to brown. Stir in the Sauvignon Blanc and allow it to reduce by half. Add the chicken stock and continue cooking at a simmer to reduce again by half. Taste the jus and if it seems a bit too tart and sharp, add more butter to smooth it out. If you want to make the jus into a thicker sauce, you can add some heavy cream. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. When the jus is ready, add the 14 cup parsley and 12 cup chives right before serving to maintain the bright green color.nAssembly:nPut a large serving spoon of heated, seasoned potatoes and carrots in the center of each serving plate, letting some of them spill to the edges. Arrange 1 chicken thigh on top of the vegetables, skin side up. Ladle the jus around each plate and garnish the top of the chicken with a small sprinkling of the minced parsley and chives., ingredients: [2 chicken thighs, bonein, skinon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and kept whole, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Kosher salt, 3 fingerling potatoes, peeled and diced small, 3 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced small, 3 purple Peruvian potatoes, peeled and diced small, 1 small carrot, peeled and diced, Canola oil, as needed, Unsalted butter, as needed, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 12 small white onion, peeled and minced, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 12 small shallot, peeled and minced, 2 cups Sauvignon Blanc wine, 1 cup chicken stock, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, plus 2 teaspoons, for garnish, 12 cup chopped fresh chives plus 2 teaspoons, for garnish], title: Pan Sauteed Butter Chicken and Potatoes, picturelink: 9Alsgfkdcgi4bKD6pwEdVdF1ZBwLG.}, 10024: {instructions: Beat eggs for 2030 seconds at most. Place butter in a hot pan. Butter is ready when foam starts to subside and maybe starts to brown a little.nPour in the eggs. Let set for 23 seconds then cook for 2030 seconds until just golden, tilting pan and rolling egg toward opposite side of pan, using a spatula to help push it and keep it together. Keep the pan tilted at a slight angle, away from you, gradually flipping the pan so that the omelet flips over onto itself.nSlide the omelet onto a plate and serve, brushing with garlic, chive or red pepper butter and fresh herbs for garnish.nFRENCH OMELET VARIATION: After eggs set for 23 seconds, sprinkle Gruyere cheese across raw middle.nDUCK FAT VARIATION: Use 2 tablespoons of duck fat in place of the butter.nSuggested wine: A light, crisp young white wine such as a Muscat from the Alsace regionperhaps one from Dirler., ingredients: [1 heavy omelet pan, 10 inches across the top and 7 inches across bottom, with low, sloping sides and a nonstick bottom, 2 eggs at room temperature, 1 12 tablespoons butter, Garlic, chive or red pepper butter, Fresh herbs], title: French Style Omelet: James Beard Method, picturelink: null}, 10025: {instructions: Make the salsa: In a large bowl, combine the peaches, cucumber, red onion, jalapeno, cilantro and lime juice and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nMake the fish: Season the mahi mahi with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a nonstick skillet over high heat. Sear the fish until opaque in the center, 3 to 4 minutes per side, depending on the thickness. Transfer the fish to a platter and top with some of the salsa. Serve any extra salsa on the side.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [4 4 to 6ounce pieces mahi mahi or grouper, snapper or halibut, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Mahi Mahi with PeachCucumber Salsa, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 10026: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.nPlace the cream and chocolate in a medium bowl and place over a pan of barelysimmering water. Stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth, about 6 minutes. Stir in the tarragon, wine and salt until smooth. Refrigerate for 2 hours until firm.nLet the mixture stand at room temperature until moldable, about 45 minutes. Using a melon scoop, scoop level amounts of the truffle mixture onto the prepared baking sheet. Roll into 12inch balls.nPlace the cocoa powder in a small bowl. Roll the truffles in the cocoa powder until coated. Arrange on a platter and serve, or refrigerate in an airtight container., ingredients: [13 cup heavy cream, One 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips, 13 cup chopped fresh tarragon, 3 tablespoons merlot wine, 18 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder], title: Tarragon and Merlot Truffles, picturelink: NJuWcnq3e70dJPUpUdEs51IlIPizui}, 10027: {instructions: Bring a saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the lima beans and garlic and simmer until tender, 18 to 20 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water to cool slightly the beans should be warm but not hot.nPulse the lima beans, garlic, parsley, lemon zest, lemon juice and 1 12 teaspoons salt in a food processor until just combined. With the motor running, pour in the olive oil and process until incorporated but still slightly chunky. Transfer to a bowl and top with the bacon. Serve warm or at room temperature with pita chips andor vegetable sticks.nBuy lima beans frozen: Theyre bright green and buttery tasting. The olivecolored, mushy lima beans you remember from childhood were probably canned.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [1 10ounce box frozen lima beans, 2 cloves garlic, 14 cup loosely packed fresh parsley, Grated zest and juice of 12 lemon, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 slices bacon, cooked and crumbled, Pita chips andor vegetable sticks, for serving], title: Lima Bean Dip, picturelink: kUcyYHnJZK92AOpnN3VRXWZj02bN4G}, 10028: {instructions: Heat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Place the bread on a baking sheet and brush both sides with olive oil. Grill the bread until golden all over, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Rub one side of each with the garlic clove.nSpread a tablespoon or two of the ricotta on each bread slice, then press an arugula leaf into the cheese. Place a slice of the prosciutto on top, drizzle with the best quality olive oil, and serve., ingredients: [15 or so 12inch slices from a baguette, cut on the diagonal, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, 1 whole clove garlic, peeled, halved, 1 cup fresh ricotta cheese, 15 arugula leaves, 4 ounces prosciutto or other salty, cured pork such as coppa, lomo or speck, Best quality extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Bruschetta with Prosciutto, Ricotta and Arugula, picturelink: ycnKe6Hohz0mIfi8nTK0eV.RZU2u2}, 10029: {instructions: Place the diced fruit in a saucepan with the juices, maple syrup and sea salt. Add the agar flakes or arrowroot mixture to the pan. Stir well and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the flame, stirring constantly and simmer for 3 minutes. Pour mixture into a blender. Allow it to cool for 5 minutes and then blend on high for 2 minutes scraping down the sides if necessary. Pour equal amounts into oiled 12 cup ramekins for individual servings . Place ramekins in the refrigerator for 1 hour to set up.nPuree all ingredients in a blender, except the kiwi for garnish. Strain through a fine sieve to remove seeds, if desired.nHeat 2 cups of oil in a saute pan do not allow the oil to smoke. Add small handfuls of shredded phyllo dough. Fry on both sides until the phyllo is golden in color. Remove from pan onto paper towels. Brush with maple syrup. Sprinkle with toasted almonds if desired.nFor presentation: Loosen the ramekin containing the mango mousse with a knife and turn it out on the plate. Top with a dollop of tofu whipped cream and drizzle kiwi koolee on the plate. Serve with a cookie of fried phyllo dough. Place diced mango and kiwi on the plate to accent the sauces., ingredients: [2 mangos, diced use all scraps of mango as it will be pureed, 1 mango, finely diced for garnish, 2 cups of mango juice, 3 tablespoons of agar flakes or arrowroot mixed with some mango juice to make a slurry, 2 tablespoons of maple syrup, Juice of 12 of a lime, Pinch of sea salt, Kiwi Koolee, recipe follows, Tofu whip cream, recipe follows, Fried phyllo garnish, recipe follows, 4 kiwis, peeled and diced, 2 kiwis finely diced for garnish, Juice of 12 a lime, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, Pinch of sea salt, 12 pound of low fat firm silken tofu, 2 tablespoons a maple syrup, or more to taste, 1 tablespoon of vanilla extract, Pinch of sea salt, 1 tablespoon of water or soy milk to blend, In a food processor or blender, blend all of the ingredients until the tofu reaches a very creamy consistency about 2 minutes., 2 cups canola oil, or any high quality oil, 1 package shredded phyllo dough, greek name kataifi, thawed if shredded variety is unavailable use sheets and julienne before use, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 cup toasted almonds, chopped], title: Mango Mousse with Kiwi KoolEe, Tofu Whipped Cream, and Fried Phyllo Garnish, picturelink: null}, 10030: {instructions: Heat oil. Cook onions, celery, carrots, garlic, and thyme until very soft. Let cool.nMeanwhile, mix remaining ingredients well. Incorporate the cooked vegetables. Pack tightly in a 10inch loaf pan and cook in a water bath for 1 hour in 400 degree oven.nServe with your favorite gravy or tomato sauce recipe., ingredients: [2 tablespoons oil, 12 cup finely chopped onions, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 12 cup finely chopped carrots, 2 cloves crushed garlic, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, 3 pounds ground beef, 1 cup bread crumbs, 2 eggs, 13 cup Worstershire sauce, 13 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons mustard, 2 tablespoons steak sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, ground black pepper to taste], title: Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 10031: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the peanut butter and boiling water. Whisk in the lime juice, cayenne pepper and vinegar.nIn large pot bring water to a boil and season with salt. Stir in linguine and cook for 5 minutes. Add carrots to boiling water and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in broccoli and cook for 4 more minutes. Drain linguine and vegetables and transfer to a large bowl. Pour peanut sauce over linguine and vegetables and toss to coat. Toss in peanuts and scallion and garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [1 cup peanut butter, preferably unsweetened, 12 to 1 cup boiling water, Juice of a lime, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, Salt, 8 ounces thin linguine, 2 carrots, peeled and sliced, 1 head broccoli, cut into bite size florets, 12 cup chopped roasted peanuts, 2 scallions, white and green parts thinly sliced, 12 cup chopped cilantro], title: Vegetable Peanut Noodles, picturelink: null}, 10032: {instructions: For the masala sauce: Blend the ginger, garlic, green chiles, and lemon juice to a paste in a food processor. Add a splash of water to loosen and bind the mixture. Stir in the cilantro and blend again until the cilantro is well combined, but retains its texture. Add the coriander, cumin, carom, coconut, salt, sugar, and roasted peanuts, and stir well until combined.nFor the curried vegetables:nOn a sheet pan lined with paper towels, place the aubergine pieces. Sprinkle salt over the aubergine, and place paper towels on top. Place a heavy skillet over the aubergine to press out the excess moisture. Set the pan aside for 30 minutes. Quickly rinse the aubergine of the salt, and pat dry.nHeat the oil in a nonstick pan over a medium heat, and add the asafoetida, and fry for 20 seconds, or until fragrant. Add the mustard seeds, and fry for 30 seconds, or until they start to pop. Be careful of the popping seeds and splatters of oil. Add the potatoes, aubergines, sweet potato, and parsnip pieces, and fry for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring regularly, or until the vegetables are golden brown.nStir in the masala sauce, add the water, and bring to a boil, then cover the pan with a lid, reduce the heat and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes, shaking the pan occasionally. Once the vegetables are just tender, add the tuvar beans, cover with a lid and cook for a further 2 to 3 minutes, or until warmed through.nTo serve the dish: Divide the Gujarati Undhiyo among 6 serving plates and sprinkle over the fresh chopped cilantro, and freshly grated coconut, to garnish., ingredients: [1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 3 large cloves garlic, peeled and chopped, 2 small green chiles, seeds removed, flesh chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, leaves and stems, plus extra, for garnish, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 34 teaspoon carom seeds, 3 ounces freshly grated coconut, plus extra, for garnish, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons ground roasted peanuts, 4 small aubergines eggplant, trimmed and cut in half lengthways, Kosher salt, as necessary, 5 tablespoons vegetable oil, Pinch asafoetida Hing, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 potato, peeled and cut into 1 12inch pieces, 1 sweet potato, peeled and cut into 1 12inch pieces, 1 parsnip, peeled and cut into 1inch rounds on the diagonal, 8 ounces water, 2 handfuls frozen tuvar beans or broad beans], title: Gujarati Undhiyo, picturelink: null}, 10033: {instructions: Peel the eggs and cut in half lengthwise. Remove the yolks and place in a large bowl. Reserve the whites. Add the mayonnaise, pecans, milk, curry powder, salt and pepper to the yolks, stirring to combine. Fill a piping bag with the yolk mixture and pipe it into the egg whites. Arrange on a platter and garnish with chives if desired., ingredients: [1 dozen hardboiled eggs, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup chopped toasted pecans, 1 tablespoon whole milk, 12 teaspoon curry powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, optional], title: Curry Pecan Deviled Eggs, picturelink: FummqPSs7CAr0xEAD9NLbFE9j45fkXu}, 10034: {instructions: What Goes Where: The door is the warmest spot and has the greatest temperature fluctuation. Store jar and bottle items here. Do not store eggs or butter here. Eggs should should be kept in their original carton. This protects them from cracking, absorbing orders or drying out. The bottom shelf is the coldest and most constant. This is where the most perishable items should go, such as poultry, fish, and raw meat if there is no meat drawer, and dairy products. Use drawers as indicated. Keep fruits and vegetables separate. Store them in perforated or unsealed plastic bagsthis maintains a moist environment yet air still circulates. Leftovers: Refrigerate leftovers within 2 hours of cooking., ingredients: [Cheese, hard3 months if wrapped properly, Butter1 to 2 months, Olives and pickles1 month, Fresh eggs35 weeks, Hardcooked eggs1 week, Cheese, soft unopened3 to 4 weeks, Cheese, soft opened1 to 2 weeks, Bacon1 week, Steaks, roasts, chops3 to 5 days, Meat, cooked3 to 4 days, Fish, fresh1 day, Fish, cooked3 to 4 days, Poultry, fresh1 to 2 days, Poultry, cooked3 to 4 days, Soups and stews2 to 4 days, Gravy, meat broth1 to 2 days, White wine, recorked2 days], title: What Goes Where: Feasts from the Fridge, picturelink: null}, 10035: {instructions: Heat a nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add shredded Swiss in small, 2inch piles to the hot skillet. When the cheese fries to a light golden color at the edges, about 1 minute, and can be moved with a thin spatula, turn the cheese rounds, cook another 15 seconds, then remove rounds from the skillet and transfer rounds to a work surface to cool. The cheese crisps will cool within a minute or so. Repeat to form 12 to 16 crisps, 3 or 4 per salad. Crisps may also be flavored with cracked black pepper and chopped thyme or other herbs.nPlace spinach in a bowl. After slicing your apple, squeeze a wedge of lemon over the slices to keep them from browning. Toss apples with spinach. For dressing, combine thyme, Dijon mustard and vinegar with a whisk. Stream in olive oil while continuing to whisk dressing. Pour dressing over the salad and toss to coat greens and apple evenly. Pile salad onto cheese roundss and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups shredded Swiss cheese, 1 sack, 12 ounces, baby spinach or 34 pound from bulk bins, 1 small red apple, cored and thinly sliced, 1 wedge lemon, 3 or 4 sprigs fresh thyme, stripped from stems and chopped, 1 rounded teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 12 tablespoons red wine vinegar, eyeball it, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball the amount], title: Baby Spinach Salad with Thyme and Dijon Vinaigrette with Crisp Swiss Cheese Crisps, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 10036: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nRemove stems from mushrooms. Chop enough stems to make 1 cup. Melt 2 tablespoons margarine in saucepan. Brush mushroom cap tops with margarine, place top side down in shallow baking pan and brush undersides of caps. Heat remaining margarine in same saucepan. Add chopped mushroom stems, onion and garlic and cook until tender. Stir in cream cheese, combining with fork if necessary. Add Parmesan cheese, parsley and herb seasoned stuffing. Mix thoroughly. Spoon about 1 tablespoon stuffing mixture into each mushroom cap. Bake until heated through., ingredients: [24 medium mushrooms, about 1 pound, 6 tablespoons reducedfat stick margarine, 1 small onion, chopped, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, or 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 3ounce package lowfat cream cheese, softened, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, or 2 teaspoons dried parsley flakes, 1 cup packaged herbseasoned stuffing croutons], title: Savory HerbStuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: 8LLl2H0QdPMVmSjAQY6sQyL5uPhjly}, 10037: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan over high heat. Toss shrimp with a drizzle of oil and season with crushed pepper, salt and black pepper. Mix marmalade and barbecue sauce.nGrill shrimp 2 minutes on the first side, turn and baste liberally with sauce. Cook a minute or 2 longer, turn and baste again. Cook 1 minute more then transfer to a serving dish.nTo eat, wrap shrimp in lettuce with cucumber., ingredients: [16 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, Light oil, such as vegetable oil, for drizzling, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Salt and pepper, 13 cup orange marmalade, eyeball it, 12 cup hoisin barbecue sauce, available on the Asian foods aisle, Bibb lettuce, for wrapping, 14 cucumber, julienne slice], title: Barbecued Shrimp in Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: cnC1yU09c3Fo.qic9dTuDQrg6ojPl2e}, 10038: {instructions: Pierce 4 sweet potatoes with a fork microwave 8 minutes. Scoop the flesh into a bowl, then mash. Brown 3 tablespoons butter in a skillet, then add 8 sage leaves and fry until crisp transfer to a plate. Cook 4 chopped scallions with salt and pepper in the browned butter. Drizzle over the sweet potatoes top with the sage.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Sweet Potato Mash, picturelink: olnoxf4bOJ9FJbVolZpxNoRM5o1GOoe}, 10039: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until slightly softened, about 4 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, paprika and oregano and cook, stirring, until the mixture begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Add the wine, clam juice and 1 cup water. Bring to a boil and add the potatoes cook until almost tender, about 8 minutes.nAdd the clams to the pot, cover and cook until they begin to open, about 5 minutes. Stir in the kale and the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Cover and continue cooking until all of the clams open andthe potatoes are tender, 4 to 5 more minutes. Discard any clams that do not open.nDivide the clams, kale and potatoes among bowls using a slotted spoon. Top with the broth and sprinkle with paprika. Serve with bread.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 white onion, halved and thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 12 teaspoon hot Spanish paprika, plus more for sprinkling, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 14 cups dry white wine, 1 8ounce bottle clam juice or 1 cup vegetable broth, 34 pound small redskinned potatoes, halved, 40 littleneck clams 3 to 4 pounds, scrubbed, 1 bunch kale preferably Tuscan kale, leaves roughly chopped, Crusty bread, for serving optional], title: Steamed Clams and Kale, picturelink: pjHFdxjE3pNWfllKQhTfI1gb85YG6}, 10040: {instructions: Trim strawberries and cut into wedges. In a small heavy saucepan heat vinegar and brown sugar over moderate heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved and simmer 1 minute. Remove pan from heat and add strawberries, tossing to coat.nScoop ice cream into 2 bowls and top with warm glazed strawberries., ingredients: [6 large ripe strawberries, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons packed brown sugar, About 1 12 cups super premium vanilla ice cream], title: Balsamic Glazed Strawberries Over Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 10041: {instructions: Add 12 cup water and the 4 peeled and smashed cloves garlic, bay leaves and peppercorns to the insert of a 6quart slow cooker.nHeat the butter and grated garlic in a medium skillet over medium heat until the butter is melted and the garlic starts to sizzle and become aromatic, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the breadcrumbs and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper and cook until golden and toasted, about 4 minutes more. Transfer to a bowl, and let cool. Stir in the PecorinoRomano and 14 teaspoon salt until well combined. Set aside 2 tablespoons of the breadcrumb mixture for garnish.nPull off the small, tough petals near the stems of the artichokes. Cut the stems close to the base so the artichokes will stand upright. Cut off the top inch of each artichoke. Snip off any thorny tips on the remaining petals with kitchen shears. Fan out the larger leaves with your fingers.nWorking over the bowl with the breadcrumb mixture, spoon the crumbs into the gaps of each artichoke until theyre filled all the way around. Stand the artichokes up in the slow cooker. Cover, and cook on low until the stems are tender and the leaves come loose easily when pulled, about 7 hours. Being careful of the steam, transfer the artichokes to a serving platter, and sprinkle with the reserved breadcrumbs., ingredients: [8 cloves garlic, 4 peeled and smashed, 4 grated or minced, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups flavored breadcrumbs, 12 cup grated PecorinoRomano, 5 large globe artichokes], title: SlowCooker Braised Artichokes with Toasted Garlic Breadcrumbs, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 10042: {instructions: Dredge the beef in the flour and season with salt and pepper to taste. In a skillet set over moderately high heat, heat the oil until it is hot. Add the meat and toss it until it is no longer pink. Transfer to a plate. Add the butter to the pan and heat it until melted. Add the shallot and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the mushrooms, garlic and salt and pepper to taste and cook, stirring, for 5 to 7 minutes, or until lightly golden. Add the Madeira and reduce by half. Add the broth and tomato paste and bring back to the boil. Return the meat to the pan and simmer until heated through. Transfer the noodles to a serving plate, top with the beef and garnish with the chives., ingredients: [1 pound sirloin steak, cut into 14 by 2inch pieces, Flour for dredging, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup minced shallot, 6 ounces sliced wild mushrooms, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup Sercial Madeira, 1 12 cups beef broth, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 12 ounces mediumwide egg noodles, cooked and drained, 2 tablespoons snipped fresh chives], title: Saute of Beef with Mushrooms in Madiera Wine Sauce, picturelink: null}, 10043: {instructions: In a large bowl combine well all ingredients except 12 cup ketchup. Grease baking loaf pan. Add mixture to pan taking care not to overwork. Cover with slices of bacon and brush with remaining ketchup. Bake at 400 degrees for 50 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes and slice. Makes great sandwiches the next day., ingredients: [2 cups fresh bread crumbs, 34 cup minced onion, 14 cup minced green pepper, 12 cup sliced mushrooms, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 pound ground chuck, 12 pound ground veal, 12 pound ground pork shoulder, 2 tablespoons grated horseradish, 2 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 cup milk, 34 cup ketchup, 23 slices bacon], title: Family Style: Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 10044: {instructions: In a bowl, combine all ingredients. Stir and let stand for 2 hours  enough time for the chili powder to rehydrate and other flavors meld together. Dip fries in sauce or use on hamburgers and hotdogs., ingredients: [2 cups mayonnaise, 5 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon freshly minced garlic], title: Danny Glovers Favorite Lethal Weapon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 10045: {instructions: Put mango flesh, yogurt, milk, simple syrup and a pinch of cardamom into a blender and blend for 2 minutes, then pour into individual glasses, over ice and serve. Sprinkle with a little cardamom and serve., ingredients: [1 cup chopped mango flesh, 1 cup plain soy yogurt, 12 cup soy milk, 4 teaspoons simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water heated until sugar is dissolved, Pinch ground cardamom, plus more, for garnish], title: Mango Lassi, picturelink: null}, 10046: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with aluminum foil.nPlace the ribs on the sheet pan meatside up and sprinkle them with 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Pour the barbecue sauce generously on each rack and cover the ribs loosely with aluminum foil. Bake for 1 12 hours for baby backs and 1 34 hours for St. Louis ribs, until the meat is very tender when tested with a fork. As soon as the ribs are out of the oven, spread them generously with additional barbecue sauce. Grill right away or refrigerate to grill later.nAbout 40 minutes before you want to serve, heat a charcoal grill with a layer of hot coals or heat a gas grill to mediumhigh heat. After the charcoal turns gray, brush the cooking grate with oil to keep the ribs from sticking. Place the ribs on the grill ribsside down, put the lid on top be sure both vents are open and grill for 5 minutes. Turn the ribs meatside down, put the lid back on and grill for another 4 to 5 minutes, until nicely browned. Place on a cutting board and cover tightly with aluminum foil and allow the ribs to rest for 10 minutes. Cut into ribs and serve hot with extra barbecue sauce on the side.nHeat the oil in a large saucepan over low heat, add the onions and cook for 10 to 15 minutes, until the onions are translucent but not browned. Add the garlic and cook for one more minute. Add the tomato paste, vinegar, honey, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, chili powder, cumin and pepper flakes.nBring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer uncovered for 30 minutes. Use immediately or pour into a container and refrigerate for several weeks.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [5 pounds Danish baby back ribs 4 racks or St. Louis ribs 2 racks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 recipe Barbecue Sauce recipe follows, 12 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 cups chopped yellow onion 1 large onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 1 cup 10 ounces tomato paste, 1 cup cider vinegar, 1 cup honey, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 cup 8 ounces hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin], title: Foolproof Ribs with Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 10047: {instructions: Divide enough ice between 4 glasses. In a pitcher, stir together the tomato juice, vodka, horseradish, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 2 tablespoons celery salt, Worcestershire sauce, lime juice, and hot sauce. Pour the resulting liquid over the ice in the glasses.nToss the remaining 1 tablespoon curry powder and 1 tablespoon celery salt together on a plate.nDip the cucumber pieces in the spice mixture and dunk them into each glass., ingredients: [Ice cubes, as needed, 6 cups canned tomato juice, 6 ounces vodka, optional, 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 3 tablespoons curry powder, 3 tablespoons celery salt, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Juice of 1 lime, Splash hot sauce, 12 cucumber, cut into 4 sticks], title: Calcutta Mary, picturelink: null}, 10048: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix together the farro and 4 cups of water. Soak for 30 minutes and drain well.nHeat the broth in a small saucepan and keep warm over low heat.nIn a large saucepan or Dutch oven, heat the oil and butter over medium heat. Add the shallots and season with 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the drained farro and cook, stirring constantly until toasted, about 3 minutes. Add the wine and stir constantly until evaporated, about 2 minutes. Add 12 cup of the hot broth and stir constantly until completely absorbed. Continue adding the remaining broth, 12 cup at a time, until the farro is creamy and cooked through, about 30 minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in the currants, pine nuts, feta cheese, and the remaining salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl and serve.nCooks Note: To toast the pine nuts, arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F oven until lightly toasted, about 6 to 8 minutes. Cool completely before using., ingredients: [1 cup farro, 6 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large or 2 small shallots, chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided, 13 cup white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, 13 cup dried currants or raisins, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted see Cooks Note, 23 cup crumbled feta cheese, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Farro Risotto, picturelink: BeFj3oW4XhY5C.OSmjlhIXdv5MOhlES}, 10049: {instructions: To make the rub: Combine all ingredients except the roast, in the bowl of a food processor, spice grinder, or mortar and pestle. Grind until the nibs break into particles the size of large grains of sand. Use immediately or store in a tightly covered jar for up to 1 month.nRinse and pat the roast dry with paper towels. Generously cover the meat with the rub and wrap in foil or plastic wrap. The roast can marinate overnight in the refrigerator.nRemove the roast from the refrigerator and bring to room temperature. In the meantime, fire up the grill. Prepare the grill for indirect cooking, with the coals to either side. Place the meat on the grill, fat side up, not directly over the coals. The internal grill temperature should be between 275 and 300 degrees F. Grill the meat for 40 minutes. Check the internal temperature with an instantread thermometer. For medium rare meat, remove from the grill when the thermometer registers 125 degrees F. Let the roast sit, loosely covered with foil, for several minutes before slicing., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Scharffen Berger Cacao Nibs, 2 teaspoons dried red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground mustard, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, packed, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 2 12pound tri tip roast], title: Cacao Nibs Rub on Tri Tip or Skirt Steak, picturelink: V0qjVB712SFx5edXUbb0wmjAvVCJm36}, 10050: {instructions: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 400 degrees.nLine a heavy large cookie sheet with foil. Spray foil with nonstick spray. In a medium bowl combine bananas and syrup. Mash bananas slightly with a fork. On a clean surface, lay flat 1 sheet of puff pastry. Cut pastry in 12 lengthwise. Using a rolling pin, roll out each pastry sheet into a 15 by 5inch rectangle. Cut each rectangle crosswise into thirds, forming 6 squares total. Evenly distribute 12 of the banana mixture onto center of each square. Fold corners of pastry into center and pinch ends together, twisting to seal. Repeat with remaining sheet of puff pastry and banana mixture. Arrange pastries on prepared cookie sheet. In a small bowl, combine sugar and cinnamon. Brush pastries with milk. Sprinkle cinnamonsugar over pastries. Bake for 15 minutes or until golden. Serve warm., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable cooking spray, 3 bananas, peeled and thinly sliced, 14 cup maple flavored pancake syrup, 1 package frozen puff pastry 2 sheets, thawed, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons whole milk], title: Banana Purse, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 10051: {instructions: Never thaw food in room temperature, because bacteria can build up.nThawing fish:  1 lb. frozen fish takes 24 hours to thaw completely in the fridge, or one hour if quickthawed, wellwrapped in cold water.  To thaw fish in the microwave, use only mediumlow power., ingredients: [Use heavy duty freezer bags or freezer wrap, Airtight plastic containers, Double wrap when possible, Label and colorcode items for easy identification], title: Freezing Food: Homemade TV Dinners, picturelink: null}, 10052: {instructions: In a jar or small bowl with a fitted lid, combine the Dijon mustard, sherry vinegar and olive oil with the garlic cloves. Add a pinch of salt. Cover and shake vigorously to blend. Taste for seasoning. Set aside.nFill a medium bowl halfway with ice cubes and add some cold water. Place a colander squarely inside the ice bath. The colander will keep you from having to pick the green beans out from amongst the ice cubes. Bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add salt until the water tastes like seawater. Add a generous pinch of sugar. Add ALL BUT A FEW OF the green beans and cook for 2 minutes. Remove them from the water with a strainer and transfer them to the colander inside the ice bath. Allow them to sit in the ice water for a couple of minutes to assure they have cooled thoroughly. Discard the blanching water.nRemove the beans from the ice bath and spread them out on a kitchen towel on a flat surface. Use another kitchen towel to gently pat them dry. This step will prevent the water from diluting the flavor of the beans and the vinaigrette. Transfer to a medium bowl and season with salt. Stir to blend. Remove the garlic cloves from the vinaigrette and toss with the beans, basil leaves and olives. Cut the reserved raw beans into 1inch pieces and toss with the other beans.nHeat a large castiron skillet. Add the oil. When it begins to smoke lightly, sprinkle the steak with salt and use a pair of metal tongs to gingerly place the steak in the hot oil. Cook over high heat 3 to 4 minutes on each side. I count 8 to 10 minutes for mediumrare, depending on thickness. If you like your steak a little more cooked, leave it in the pan a few minutes longer on each side. Remove the steak and allow it to rest on a flat surface, 10 minutes. Slice the steak and arrange on a platter with the green bean mixture., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 ounces sherry vinegar, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and lightly crushed, Kosher salt, Granulated sugar, 1 pound green beans, washed, ends trimmed, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, stemmed and washed, 14 cup black olives, lightly smashed and pitted, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 2pound hanger steak, trimmed of any sinew], title: Seared Hanger Steak with Green Beans, Black Olives and Lemon, picturelink: null}, 10053: {instructions: Season chicken breast pieces with Thai seasoning set aside.nSpray a large nonstick skillet with olive oil cooking spray and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add seasoned chicken, onion, garlic and mushrooms. Saute until chicken is just cooked, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the green beans, chicken stock, coconut milk and lemon zest. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer until the beans are cooked al dente, about 8 minutes, stirring occasionally. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve hot garnished with cilantro., ingredients: [1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 teaspoons Thai seasoning, Olive oil cooking spray, 1 cup yellow onion, diced, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic, 12 8ounce package fresh sliced white mushrooms, 1 16ounce package frozen cut green beans, thawed recommended: Birds Eye, 14 cup lowsodium chicken broth chicken stock, 1 14ounce can lite coconut milk recommended: A Taste of Thai, 1 lemon, zested, Freshly chopped cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Thai Chicken, picturelink: 3yZdy2UDfcTjZfm6Rj1Ppcz9YVVUjaC}, 10054: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nRub the rack of lamb, outside portion, with salt and pepper. Next place skillet over Heat and add 2 tablespoons of the oil to a skillet. Place the rack fat side down and sear until the meat is nicely browned. Remove to a plate.nFor the apricot glaze, add the apricot preserves, mustard and the water to a small saucepan and stir over low heat until the mixture is combined. Brush the glaze over the seared rack of lamb. Combine the panko bread crumbs and the fresh herbs in a small bowl until thoroughly mixed. Add 3 teaspoons of oil to the crumbs, to moisten. Cover the lamb rack with the crumb mixture and pat to make the crumbs adhere. Place the rack back in the skillet and roast in the oven for 15 minutes. Let the lamb rack rest for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 rack of lamb, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons canola oil, plus 3 teaspoons, 1 cup apricot preserves, 2 tablespoons stoneground mustard, 12 cup water, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped tarragon leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped thyme leaves], title: Apricot Glazed Lamb, picturelink: null}, 10055: {instructions: Put the bulgur in a small bowl, cover with hot water and soak until softened, about 1 hour. Strain and set aside.nToss the cucumbers, tomatoes, half the mint, 1 tablespoon of the oil, lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray an 8inch square baking pan lightly with cooking spray and set aside.nPulse the onions into a paste in a food processor, scraping down the bowl as needed. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the onion paste and any onion juice and cook, stirring occasionally, until the paste begins to brown it will still be light, about 10 minutes. Add the cumin, cinnamon, allspice, 1 12 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper and continue cooking until the onionspice paste starts to look dry and is fragrant, 4 to 6 minutes.nAdd the onionspice paste, bulgur, ground beef, egg, breadcrumbs, remaining chopped mint, 12 teaspoon salt and several grinds of pepper to a large mixing bowl and mix with your hands until thoroughly combined. Press the mixture into the prepared baking pan sprinkle with the pine nuts if using and press in. Bake until the meatloaf begins to pull away from the sides, is browned on top and registers 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, 30 to 35 minutes. Slice the meatloaf into 1inchthick slices and serve hot with the cucumbertomato salad and dollops of Greek yogurt alongside., ingredients: [1 cup bulgur wheat, 1 English cucumber, quartered lengthwise and cut into 14inch chunks, 2 medium plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves, chopped, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cooking spray, 2 medium yellow onions, ends removed, peeled and quartered, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 pound 85percent lean ground beef, 1 large egg, 14 cup wholewheat breadcrumbs, 14 cup pine nuts, optional, Nonfat Greek yogurt, for serving], title: WholeGrain Greek Meatloaf, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}, 10056: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSalsa:nIn a bowl toss all of the salsa ingredients together and set aside.nPork chops:nHeat an outdoor grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nBrush the pork chops with the oil. In a small bowl combine the chili powder, salt and pepper. Generously sprinkle the rub over both sides of each pork chop. Grill the chops until cooked through, about 4 to 6 minutes per side. Set 1 chop aside for Online Round 2 Recipe, Orzo Soup with Pork. Arrange the chops on a serving platter and let rest 5 minutes before serving.nServe the chops with the peach salsa., ingredients: [12 red onion, diced reserve the other half for Online Round 2 Recipe Orzo Soup with Pork, 2 peaches, halved, pitted and diced, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, Pinch kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 pork chops, end cut, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Pork Chops with Peach Salsa, picturelink: 7YIZXZQuJ6bDaDEnqQMyhIu9CXvUe}, 10057: {instructions: Cook 1 12 cups sugar in a saucepan over medium heat, swirling the pan but not stirring, until dark amber, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in 2 tablespoons butter and 3 cups salted cashews. Pour onto an oiled baking sheet and separate into small clusters with 2 forks. Let harden.nPhotograph by Jeff Harris, ingredients: [], title: Cashew Clusters, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 10058: {instructions: Grease and flour an 8cup tube pan and set aside. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn the bowl of a mixer, cream butter and sugar together until fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, until incorporated. Slowly stir in flour, being careful not to overbeat. Add pears, vanilla bean paste, candied ginger puree, and 14 cup pear brandy mix well. Transfer to prepared pan and bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes and then unmold onto a cooling rack. Cool completely. Douse with another 14 cup pear brandy then glaze with warmed pear preserves. Let pear glaze set. Pour Chocolate Glaze over. When set, remove cake from cooling rack and place it on a serving plate. Garnish with marzipan pears with candied ginger leaves, if desired.nHeat sugar and corn syrup together in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat until sugar is dissolved. Add chocolate and remove from heat. Stir in butter gradually, and then add confectioners sugar. Cool slightly and pour over cake., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan, Flour, for pan, 2 cups sugar, 6 eggs, 3 12 cups sifted cake flour, 3 ripe pears, peeled, cored, and grated, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla bean paste recommended: NielsenMassey, 2 tablespoons candied ginger puree recommended: Royal Pacific, 12 cup pear brandy, divided, Pear preserves, heated and strained, for garnish, Chocolate Glaze, recipe follows, Marzipan pears with candied ginger leaves, for garnish, optional, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup, 4 ounces dark chocolate recommended: Guittard, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup confectioners sugar], title: Perky Pear Pound Cake, picturelink: null}, 10059: {instructions: Bring the cream and sugar to a boil with the vanilla bean in a saucepan.nWhisk yolks in a bowl. Whisk about a third of the boiling cream into the yolks. Return remaining cream to a boil and whisk in yolk mixture. Continue to cook, whisking constantly, another 15 or 20 seconds, until slightly thickened.nStrain cream into a bowl and add chocolate. Whisk smooth, whisk in coffee, and pour into molds. Refrigerate until cooled.nServe the pots de creme alone, or with a crisp cookie. Storage suggestion: For advance preparation, cover the pots de creme with plastic wrap and refrigerate. Uncover and leave at room temperature for an hour before serving, ingredients: [2 cups heavy whipping cream, 13 cup sugar, 6 egg yolks, 1 vanilla bean, split, 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, cut into 14inch pieces, 12 cup very strong, prepared, espresso coffee, 8 pot de creme cups 4 to 5 ounces each], title: Chocolate and Coffee Pots de Creme, picturelink: null}, 10060: {instructions: For the wings: Heat 3 to 4 inches of oil in a large, highsided pan until it reaches 375 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Add the wings in batches and cook until golden brown and cooked through, 13 to 15 minutes.nFor the dipping sauce: Meanwhile, to a bowl, add the Greek yogurt, chives, garlic, lemon juice and celery salt. Stir to combine and taste. Adjust seasoning as needed.nFor the hot wing sauce: In a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter, and then add the honey and warm through until loose and viscous.nIn a large bowl, add the garlic, rosemary, lemon zest and juice and crushed red pepper flakes. Pour the honeybutter into the rosemary mixture.nAs the wings come out of the fryer, toss in the honeybutter sauce. Season to taste. Serve with the Greek yogurt dipping sauce., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 1 dozen chicken wings split at the joint, wing tips removedand discarded, 12 cup Greek yogurt, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives, 1 clove garlic, smashed and minced, Juice of 12 lemon, Pinch celery salt, 2 to 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons chileinfused honey, such as Mikes HotHoney, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and minced, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves finely chopped, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Crushed red pepper], title: HoneyRosemary Wings with Greek Yogurt and Lemon Garlic Dipping Sauce, picturelink: w.K1O2UeKyOxYtYlaQZIrjOcmiQ9Qxu}, 10061: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a Dutch oven, cook the bacon until nice and crispy. Remove the bacon to a paper towellined plate to drain and crumble when cooled.nPat the chicken dry and season on all sides with salt and pepper. Sear the chicken on all sides in the pan with the rendered bacon fat, until the outside is brown and crispy. Remove the chicken to a plate and add the fennel to the pan. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and saute until caramelized and tender, about 10 minutes. Add a little water if the fennel starts to burn. Pour in the beer and bring it to a simmer. Nestle the chicken and all resting juices, breast side down, in the fennel and beer. Cover and transfer the pan to the oven. Roast for 35 to 45 minutes, flipping the chicken over after 20 minutes.nRemove the pan from the oven and put over low heat. Remove the chicken pieces to a warmed serving platter. Add the vinegar to the sauce and simmer to reduce to a thicker consistency, about 5 minutes. Pour the sauce over the chicken pieces, top with crumbled bacon and serve immediately. If you want a smoother sauce, just strain the sauce after it has reduced., ingredients: [3 slices thick cut applewood bacon, 1 whole chicken, quartered, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 fennel bulb, trimmed cored and thinly sliced, 1 bottle dark beer, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar], title: Beer Braised Chicken, picturelink: Xwp0y51HW9ELtXuAD9AkcQo920Ja4PC}, 10062: {instructions: Cover quinoa with 4 cups of water and rub the grains between the palm of your hands for 2 seconds. Drain and repeat the process 1 more time.nBring 4 12 cups water to a boil add quinoa, sea salt, and olive oil. Cover, lower heat, and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes or until water is absorbed. Let cool, then fluff with a fork. Add the artichoke hearts, Kalamata olives, spinach, cherry tomatoes, parsley, and Greek dressing, and toss to mix well. Sprinkle with pine nuts and goat feta.nWhisk together all the ingredients in a bowl. Check and adjust the seasonings., ingredients: [2 cups quinoa, 4 cups water, plus 4 12 cups water, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup sliced marinated artichoke hearts, 14 cup sliced pitted Kalamata olives, 12 bunch fresh spinach, cleaned and cut into chiffonade, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 12 cup Greek dressing, recipe follows, 12 cup crumbled goat feta, Handful toasted pine nuts, 1 tablespoon lemon freshly grated zest, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried mint, 1 teaspoon dried fresh basil, Sea salt and black pepper], title: Quinoa Mediterraneana, picturelink: null}, 10063: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Mix the butter and sugars until combined. Add eggs, syrup and vanilla and beat to combine. Stir in the dry ingredients in batches until combined. Using a wooden spoon, stir the chocolate chunks and chips into the dough until well dispersed. Chill 30 minutes or overnight.nDrop by rounded tablespoons 1 12inch balls onto parchmentlined sheet trays about 3 inches apart. Bake until lightly browned, 16 to 18 minutes. Cool on tray 3 minutes. Transfer to cooling racks and cool as long as you can resist., ingredients: [3 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 14 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 cups butter, melted, cooled 12 oz., 34 cups dark brown sugar, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, 2 tablespoons chocolate syrup, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chunks 7 oz., 23 cup semisweet chocolate chips about 4 12 oz., 23 cup white chocolate chips about 4 oz.], title: Triple Chocolate Chunk Cookies, picturelink: null}, 10064: {instructions: Add the bacon to a large skillet and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until brown and crisp, about 6 minutes. While the bacon cooks, cut the stems from the bok choy into 1inch pieces and the leafy tops into 3inch pieces.nAdd the onion to the bacon and cook, stirring, until softened slightly, 4 to 5 minutes. Toss in the beans and stir until heated through, about 2 minutes. Transfer the vegetables with a slotted spoon to a bowl, leaving the fat in the pan.nAdd the bok choy stems to the pan, increase the heat to mediumhigh and cook, stirring, until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Add the bok choy leaves and cook, stirring, until wilted, about 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the vinegar. Return the onionbean mixture back to the pan and season with salt. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, cut into 14inch pieces about 4 ounces, 1 pound baby bok choy about 4 heads, 12 onion, thinly sliced, One 15ounce can butter beans, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt], title: Baby Bok Choy with Bacon, Onion and Butter Beans, picturelink: cdB8N03wM1Zjb36AfUdiSWhdCLNCqky}, 10065: {instructions: Set up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking.nIn a medium pan over medium heat, scramble eggs in butter set aside.nLay out pizza crusts and brush each with oil. Top with eggs, cheese, crumbled sausage, Parmesan, tomatoes, and Italian seasoning.nSlide onto hot oiled grill and cook, covered, 8 to 10 minutes or until cheese has melted and begins to bubble.nServe hot, cut into wedges.nINDOOR: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Prepare pizza as directed. Bake in preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes or until cheese is melted and begins to bubble., ingredients: [4 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 8inch pizza crusts recommended: Boboli, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups shredded jack cheese blend recommended: Colby, 4 fully cooked sausage patties, crumbled recommended: Jimmy Dean, 14 cup shredded Parmesan, 1 medium tomato, diced, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning], title: Breakfast Pizza, picturelink: VOAgCn3pG72c9wK5QeY1gR7ocN3fl5i}, 10066: {instructions: Heat a large, deep skillet over medium heat and add the olive oil.nAdd the celery, garlic, chorizo and crushed red pepper and saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the clams and white wine, season with salt and pepper, cover and steam until the clams open, 3 to 6 minutes. Discard those that dont open.nStir in the butter, corn, parsley and basil. Transfer to large serving bowl. Serve with the bread., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 stick Spanish chorizo or linguica sausage, diced, Pinch crushed red pepper, 24 littleneck clams, scrubbed clean, 1 cup Portuguese white wine, or other dry white wine, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 ears fresh corn, kernels sliced off of the cobs, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 10 leaves fresh basil, julienned, 1 loaf crusty French bread], title: Steamed Littleneck Clams with Sweet Corn and Basil, picturelink: jIgUMl0XTVKDBTqLYQfUSfJ9KPQ7WXe}, 10067: {instructions: Combine the milk, 12 cup water, the cayenne and bay leaf in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil and season generously with salt. You want to take the seasoning to the edge of too salty in this case to do this you MUST taste as you go Polenta acts like a salt eraser if you dont salt abundantly in this early step, youll never recover.nWhen the liquid comes to a boil, gradually sprinkle in the polenta, whisking constantly. Once the polenta is combined, IMMEDIATELY switch over to a wooden spoon and stir frequently until the polenta thickens, 30 to 35 minutes. Taste the polenta to see if its cooked through. If it still feels mealy and grainy, add some more milk or water and continue to cook for another 10 minutes. Repeat this process as needed until the polenta feels smooth on your tongue. Remove the bay leaf and stir in the mascarpone and ParmigianoReggiano, then remove from the heat.nLine a 7inch square baking pan with plastic wrap. Pour the polenta into the pan and cover with plastic, pressing down so the plastic sits on the surface of the polenta. Chill until set, at least 45 minutes. All of this can totally be done ahead of time, like yesterdaynPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the cooled polenta into 1inch squares. Place the squares on a baking sheet and top each with a piece of taleggio. Put the cherry tomatoes on a separate baking sheet and toss them with olive oil. Bake both the polenta squares and the tomatoes for 10 minutes. The tomatoes should be hot, starting to relax and getting a little squishy, and the taleggio should be nicely melted. Place the polenta cakes on a serving dish, top each square with a tomato half, and garnish each with a little sprinkeydink of coarse sea salt and chives., ingredients: [34 cup whole milk, plus more if needed, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt, 12 cup polenta, 14 cup mascarpone, 14 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 4 ounces taleggio cheese, rind removed and cut into 12inch cubes, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, halved lengthwise, Extravirgin olive oil, Coarse sea salt, for finishing, 1 bunch fresh chives, finely chopped], title: Hard Polenta Cakes with Taleggio and Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: ZTvpzaeB1LSVcjObMsPrWLr3ijmxH3K}, 10068: {instructions: Combine the sugar, water, and corn syrup in a small, heavy saucepan and place over high heat. As soon as the sugar has dissolved, heat your thermometer under warm tap water to prevent thermal shock and attach to side of pan, making sure that the bulb is completely submerged. Do not stir the mixture or agitate the pan at this stage.nWhen the mixture reaches 230 degrees, reduce the heat to medium and allow the sugar to color gradually. As the temperature approaches 300 degrees the color will start to turn to amber. At this point, its safe to swirl the pan gently to help distribute the heat evenly. As the caramel heads towards 340 degrees, it will reach a deep amber color.nRemove the pan from the heat and slowly stir with a metal spoon, allowing it to cool until the caramel falls from the spoon in a solid stream, like a string. When it does, its doodad time.nForm doodads by holding the spoon 12 to 16 inches over the caramel and drizzling the patterns on the parchment. Hint: allow the spoon to unload into the pan for a few seconds before attempting doodad. This will allow a narrower stream. Quick back and forth motions or side to side movements are best. Its all in the wrist. Allow doodads to cool for 15 minutes then peel the paper off not the other way around. Stack in an airtight container with wax paper between each piece.nAfter making 15 to 20 doodads, you should have sufficient caramel remaining to move on to the sauce phase. So, return the remaining caramel to medium high heat and continue cooking until you see the first sign of smoke. Immediately remove from the heat, and add the cream, all at once, at arms length. It will boil furiously. Once the mixture calms down, return to medium heat and boil 3 more minutes, stirring occasionally. Cool to room temperature, move to squirt bottle and refrigerate for up to a week.nTo make the bananas brulee, quarter the bananas peel on and rub into sugar to coat thoroughly. Remove peel and place on cooling rack over several layers of foil. Dont try this on your dining room table. Don your safety goggles and fire up your torch. Hold the torch so that the very tip of the flame barely touches the banana, and move quickly back and forth until the sugar melts, turns brown, and bubbles. As soon as it looks like caramel, move on. You know youve got it down when a solid, glasslike sheet of gold no graininess has formed on the banana.nTo do the split so to speak, squirt a pattern of caramel sauce on a chilled plate, top with 4 banana pieces Lincoln log style, top with the ice cream of your choice we like our peachy vanilla from Churn Baby Churn, and finally, a doodad., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 1 batch caramel, 2 cups heavy cream, 4 bananas, Sugar for coating, Ice cream of your choice], title: Banana Splitsville, picturelink: null}, 10069: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLay out the bread slices. Divide the ham among them, making sure it doesnt extend over the edges of the bread. Place the cheese over the ham. If the cheese is larger than the bread, bend it over to fit.nHeat 2 large ovenproof nonstick pans or griddles over medium heat. If you have only 1 large pan, make 2 sandwiches and keep them warm in the oven while you make the second batch. Add 1 tablespoon of the butter to each pan. When it has melted, add half the bread, cheeseside up to each pan and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the bottoms are golden brown. Transfer the pans to the oven for 2 to 3 minutes to melt the cheese.nMeanwhile, melt the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter in a large ovenproof skillet and fry the eggs. Cook the eggs until the bottoms are set, then place the skillet in the oven for a minute to set the top of the whites. We cook the eggs in 4 to 5inch individual skillets.nWhen the cheese is melted, remove the sandwiches from the oven. Place 2 slices together to make each sandwich and put each sandwich on a serving plate. Place an egg on top of each sandwich. Pour about 14 cup of the sauce over the white of each egg, leaving the yolk uncovered. Grind black pepper over each egg and garnish the eggs with a diagonal sprinkling of chopped parsley. Serve with frites, if desired.nCombine the water and yeast in a small bowl. Let stand for 10 minutes, then stir until the yeast is completely dissolved. Set aside.nSift together the flours, sugar, and salt into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook. Add the eggs and beat for 1 minute at low speed, scraping down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula as needed. Slowly add the dissolved yeast and continue beating at low speed for 5 minutes. Stop the machine, scrape any dough off the hook, and beat for another 5 minutes.nAdd about onequarter of the butter cubes at a time, beating for about 1 minute after each addition. Once all the butter has been added, beat for 10 minutes more.nPlace the dough in a large floured bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Set aside in a warm place until doubled in size, about 3 hours.nTurn the dough out onto a generously floured work surface and gently work the air bubbles out by folding the dough over several times while lightly pressing down on it.nReturn the dough to the bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight.nThe dough is now ready to shape or use in another recipe. Generously butter two 8 12 by 4 12inch loaf pans. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface. With floured hands, divide the dough in half and shape it into two rectangles that fit in the loaf pans. Place the dough in the pans.nLet the dough rise uncovered in a warm place until it is about 12inch above the top of the pans, about 3 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBake the brioche in the center of the oven until it is well browned on top and sounds hollow when tapped on the bottom, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove the brioche from the oven and immediately turn out onto a wire rack.nIf serving immediately, let the breads cool for 10 minutes, then slice. If serving within a few hours, wrap the hot bread in aluminum foil and set aside at room temperature until ready to use. To freeze, wrap the hot bread in foil and promptly freeze. The bread can be kept frozen for up to 1 month when ready to use, reheat without thawing and still wrapped in the foil in a 250 degree F oven until heated through, 20 to 25 minutes.nIf using the brioche for croutons, let sit at room temperature uncovered to dry for a day.nMelt the butter in a medium heavy saucepan set on a diffuser over medium heat. Add the onion and a pinch of salt and cook slowly, stirring occasionally, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the onion is translucent. Sprinkle in the flour and cook for about 3 minutes, stirring constantly so that the roux doesnt burn or color. Whisking constantly, add the milk and cream and whisk until fully incorporated. Bring to a simmer, whisking, then add the bay leaf, peppercorns, and cloves. Move the pan to 1 side of the diffuser, away from direct heat to avoid scorching, and bring back to a gentle simmer. Adjust the heat to maintain a gentle simmer and cook, whisking occasionally, reaching into the corners of the pan, for about 30 minutes. If the sauce does begin to scorch, pour it into a clean pandont scrape the bottom of the panand continue.nRemove the sauce from the heat and season to taste with salt, a grating of nutmeg, and a pinch of white pepper. Strain the sauce, add the cheese, and whisk to melt. Use immediately, or place in a storage container, press a piece of plastic wrap against the surface to keep a skin from forming, and refrigerate for up to a week. If the sauce is too thick after refrigeration, it can be thinned with a little heavy cream., ingredients: [8 12inchthick slices Brioche, recipe follows or other egg bread, or pain de mie about 4 inches square, 8 ounces thinly sliced boiled ham, 8 slices about 12ounce each Swiss cheese, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, 1 cup Mornay Sauce, warmed, recipe follows, 13 cup very warm water 110 degrees to 115 degrees F, 1 14ounce package active dry yeast not quickrising, 10 12 ounces 2 12 cups cake flour, 10 ounces 2 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 2 12 teaspoons fine sea salt, 6 large eggs, at room temperature, 20 tablespoons 10 ounces unsalted butter, cut into 1inch cubes, at room temperature, plus butter for the pans, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup diced 14inch Spanish onion, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream, or as needed, 1 bay leaf, 3 black peppercorns, 3 whole cloves, Freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground white pepper, 13 cup grated Comte or Emmentaler cheese], title: CroqueMadame, Sauce Mornay Grilled Ham and Cheese Sandwich with a Fried Egg and Mornay Sauce, picturelink: RcDp2MyW8P6Xsh.ju13RRFRBBypKVxu}, 10070: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a 4quart stockpot on medium heat, saute the onions and garlic with the olive oil, oregano, salt, and pepper until the onions are translucent, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the carrots, potatoes, 12 pound of split peas, and chicken stock. Bring to a boil, then simmer uncovered for 40 minutes. Skim off the foam while cooking. Add the remaining split peas and continue to simmer for another 40 minutes, or until all the peas are soft. Stir frequently to keep the solids from burning on the bottom. Taste for salt and pepper. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 cup chopped yellow onions, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 18 cup good olive oil, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 112 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups mediumdiced carrots 3 to 4 carrots, 1 cup mediumdiced red boiling potatoes, unpeeled 3 small, 1 pound dried split green peas, 8 cups chicken stock or water], title: Parkers Split Pea Soup, picturelink: UxB6CvyvzAee1bMY04H5rzKkGVt9ria}, 10071: {instructions: For the soccas: In a medium, bowl, whisk together the chickpea flour, 34 cup water, 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, the salt, cumin and coriander. In a 10inch nonstick skillet, heat 1 teaspoon of the oil over mediumhigh heat. Pour 13 cup of the batter into the pan. Tilt the pan so the batter coats the bottom of the pan. Cook until the underside edges begin to turn golden, about 3 minutes. Using a heatproof silicone spatula, flip the socca and continue to cook on the other side until golden, 3 minutes. Repeat with the remaining oil and batter.nFor the filling: In a 12inch nonstick skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the green beans, celery, shallots, salt and pepper. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring frequently, until the vegetables begin to soften. Add the kale and wine. Stir until the kale wilts, about 3 minutes. Stir in the pine nuts and raisins.nFor the topping: In a small bowl, whisk together the yogurt, agave, lemon juice, coriander, cumin, salt and pepper until smooth.nTo assemble, spoon the filling into the center of each socca. Roll up the socca like a jelly roll to encase the filling. Spoon the topping on top and serve., ingredients: [34 cup chickpea flour garbanzo bean flour, 2 tablespoons plus 4 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 medium green beans, trimmed and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 stick celery, finely diced, 1 large shallot, minced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, One 8ounce bunch Tuscan or green kale, center stem removed if thick and leaves chopped into 12inch pieces, 12 cup white wine, such as pinot grigio, 13 cup toasted pine nuts, 13 cup raisins, 12 cup lowfat Greek yogurt, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon agave, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice from 12 small lemon, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Soccas with Kale and Raisins, picturelink: null}, 10072: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCoat the bottom and sides of a round 2 quart souffle dish with butter.nMelt the butter in a mediumsized saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Stir in the corn, salt and pepper, to taste, the smoked paprika and cayenne. Saute for 1 more minute. Add the flour and stir until it becomes light blonde in color, about 2 more minutes. Add the halfandhalf and whisk until the mixture becomes smooth and thickened. Remove from the heat.nBeat the eggs in a large bowl. Temper the eggs into the corn mixture, then stir in the cheese. Pour the mixture into the buttered souffle dish. Bake for 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [5 tablespoons butter, plus more for baking dish, 12 medium onion, chopped fine, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 cups fresh whole corn kernels thawed, if frozen, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups halfandhalf, 5 large eggs, 1 cup grated extrasharp white Cheddar], title: Ginas Corn Souffle, picturelink: ujixBml224o5pCTvQZzqPYHnq1wDlAS}, 10073: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 13 by 9inch baking pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTomato Sauce:nIn a medium pot, heat the olive oil and add the onions and garlic. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. When it turns light brown, add the thyme, bay leaf and tomatoes. Simmer for 20 minutes, then taste for seasoning. Add more salt and pepper, if desired. Remove and discard the thyme and bay leaves. Stir in the basil leaves and shut off the heat to allow the sauce to rest.nPasta: Bring the water to a boil over medium heat. Add the salt and the lasagna sheets. Cook for 4 minutes, drain and rinse under cold water. The pasta should still be very firm to the touch. Separate the sheets carefully so they dont stick together.nDivide the tomato sauce in half and reserve half for the Bolognese and half for the lasagna.nAssemble the lasagna:nSpoon a thin layer of the sauce in the bottom of the baking pan. Arrange a layer of pasta sheets over the sauce. Sprinkle some of the mozzarella and Parmesan over the pasta and another thin layer of sauce. Repeat the layering process 2 more times. It is important there be remaining cheese and sauce for the top. Cooks Note: I love to get a corner piece from the pan and pick at the crispy edges of the top layer. When you finish, there should be 4 layers of pasta and 5 layers of filling.nCover the dish tightly with aluminum foil and put it in the center of the oven. Bake for 45 minutes. Raise the temperature of the oven to 450 degrees F and remove the aluminum foil. Bake until the top browns slightly, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and let it cool for 15 minutes or so before serving.nMake the Bolognese while the lasagna is baking:nIn a large wide pot over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. Add the ground beef and cook until brown, about 4 to 5 minutes, stirring with a wooden spoon to break up the pieces. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove the beef from the pot and set aside. Set the pot back over the heat and add a little more olive oil. Add carrots, onion and celery. Cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the beef back to the pot, then add the reserved 12 recipe of tomato sauce. Cover slightly and simmer for 20 minutes.nWhen done, finish with milk, taste, season and serve, spooned over the lasagna., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil preferably extravirgin and organic, 2 medium yellow onions, peeled and chopped, 8 cloves fresh garlic, peeled and chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, washed, 2 bay leaves, fresh or dried, 8 pounds ripe or even slightly overripe red tomatoes, washed and chopped, 1 12 cups tightlypacked fresh basil leaves, washed, 8 quarts water, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 pound lasagna sheets, 1 pound shredded mozzarella, 1 pound shredded Parmesan, 14 cup olive oil, plus more as needed, 1 12 pounds ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 carrots, rough chopped, 1 onion, rough chopped, 2 ribs celery, rough chopped, 12 recipe tomato sauce above, 14 cup whole milk], title: Old School Lasagna with Bolognese Sauce, picturelink: Av8s1fqvZFFO8Oaa.bzAJ3Iew2zS2P6}, 10074: {instructions: Place 3 cups of salted water in each of two large saucepans and bring them to a boil. Add the wheatberries to one saucepan, and the farro to the other and cook, uncovered, over low heat for approximately 45 minutes, or until they are soft. Drain and place them together in a large bowl.nMeanwhile, saute the red onion in 2 tablespoons of olive oil over mediumlow heat until translucent, approximately 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and add 14 cup of olive oil, the balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Add the onions to the wheatberries and farro together with the scallions, red bell pepper, carrot and parsley and mix well.nAllow the salad to sit for at least 30 minutes for the wheatberries and farro to absorb the sauce. Season to taste and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup hard winter wheatberries, 12 cup farro, 1 cup finely diced red onion, Good olive oil, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 scallions, minced, white and green parts, 12 red bell pepper, smalldiced, 1 carrot, smalldiced, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Wheatberry  Farro Salad, picturelink: null}, 10075: {instructions: In a large skillet heat oil over medium high heat. Stir in garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add spinach and stir over heat until just wilted. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound fresh spinach, rinsed and stems removed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 clove garlic minced], title: Garlicky Fresh Spinach, picturelink: null}, 10076: {instructions: In a mixing bowl combine the ground lamb with the cinnamon and season to taste with salt and pepper. Saute a bit of the mixture to taste if seasoning is right or not.nMix the goats cheese with the chives.nDivide the lamb into 4 portions and shape each one into a patty. Press your thumb in the center to create a pocket in the burger. Take about a tablespoonful of the cheese mixture and set it in the indentation. Enclose the lamb patty around the cheese to enclose it completely. Either grill, broil or saute them for about 4 minutes a side.nTo serve, spread some cole slaw in the center of a dinner plate and spread around. Center lamb over cole slaw and dust top with mint or cilantro and jalapeno pepper., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground lamb, 14 to 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup soft fresh goats cheese or cream cheese for kids, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, Roughly chopped fresh mint or cilantro for garnish, Fine mince of hot jalapeno pepper if you wish], title: Exotic Lamb Burgers, picturelink: null}, 10077: {instructions: For the cherry filling: Combine the cherries, sugar and lemon juice in a saucepan, combine the cherries with sugar and lemon juice. Sprinkle with the tapioca and simmer for 5 minutes. Pour into a large bowl and stir in the bourbon, almond extract and orange bitters. Let cool and refrigerate for about 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and place the oven rack in the lower third of the oven. Divide the dough into 2 equal pieces. Roll each dough piece on a lightlyfloured surface into a 12inch disk. Gently place one disk into a 9inch pie pan, bringing it up the sides. Make a few incisions in the middle of the remaining crust. Pour the cherry filling into the prepared pie shell. Lightly brush the border of the pie shell with water, and top with the second piecrust. Tightly seal the dough by pressing the edge with a fork or your fingers. Create some decorative touches with the scrap dough if desired to decorate the pie. Lightly brush the pastry shell with the cream and sprinkle with a little sugar. Place the pie on a larger baking sheet lined with parchment paper to catch any spills. Bake the pie until the crust is a deep golden brown color and the cherry juices are starting to bubble, 35 to 45 minutes. Let cool, and then serve with softly whipped cream or vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [4 to 5 cups tart cherries, pitted and halved, 12 cup raw sugar, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons quick cooking tapioca, 1 tablespoon bourbon, 1 teaspoon pure almond extract, 1 teaspoon orange bitters, 1 storebought pie dough about 1 pound, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 2 tablespoons cream, Raw sugar, Softly whipped cream or vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Cherry Pie Inspired By an Old Fashioned Cocktail Sour Cherries Stewed With Raw Sugar, Bourbon and Orange Bitters, picturelink: sQHgs1Eh2x7Psg5Ihon3X2jdQqNOwsq}, 10078: {instructions: In a small saucepan over mediumlow heat, stir together cream, half and half, sugar, honey, eggs and 23 of the saffron. Bring to a simmer and slowly cook, stirring constantly, until cream mixture turns a gentle yellow color, about 5 minutes.nRemove from heat and allow to steep as it cools, about 30 minutes. Strain and pour into an ice cream maker. Add remaining strands of saffron and process according to manufacturers instructions, then freeze until ready to use.nIn a blender, combine half of ice cream with carrot juice and whole milk. Blend until thick and creamy. Pour into serving glasses and top with a scoop of saffron ice cream. Garnish with cotton candy dusted with nutmeg, cinnamon and edible gold if using. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups cream, 23 cup half and half, 12 cup superfine sugar, 12 cup honey, 2 large eggs, 20 to 30 strands saffron about a tablespoon, loosely packed, 3 cups fresh carrot juice, 1 cup whole milk, 2 cups cotton candy, preferably white or orange, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, Edible gold for garnish optional], title: Carrot Milkshakes with Saffron Ice Cream and Nutmeg and Cinnamon Cotton Candy, picturelink: null}, 10079: {instructions: In salted, boiling water, cook the orzo until al dente. Strain and cool. Whisk together the garlic, lemon juice, and extravirgin olive oil. In a large bowl, toss the orzo together with the tomatoes, parsley, and olive oil mixture. Season, to taste, with salt and fresh ground pepper.nCut a small piece off both tips of the lemon. Make sure the cut does not expose any flesh, only pith. Cut the lemon evenly in half across the diameter. Use a spoon to remove the flesh of the lemon and scrape the skin clean, being careful not to cut or damage the skin.nFill each lemon cup with the orzo salad and arrange on a platter for service., ingredients: [1 pound orzo, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, halved, 14 cup roughly chopped Italian parsley leaves, 6 lemons], title: Orzo and Tomato Salad in Lemon Cups, picturelink: null}, 10080: {instructions: In a large microwavesafe bowl, combine potato flakes, onion powder, salt, and 2 13 cups of water. Stir until completely moistened. Cover the bowl and microwave for 4 minutes, or until hot.nOnce cool enough to handle, add sour cream and stir until blended and smooth. Recover the bowl to keep it hot and set it aside.nPrepare burger patties on the stove in a skillet sprayed with nonstick spray or on a microwavesafe plate in the microwave. Refer to the package instructions for the exact temperature and cook time. Once cool enough to handle, chop well. Set aside.nScoop about 13 cup of potatoes into each of 4 parfait glasses. Evenly distribute the chopped burger patties among the glasses, followed by the cheese pieces.nEvenly distribute the remaining mashed potatoes among the glasses, followed by the tomatoes and onion. Top each with 1 teaspoon of ketchup and a pickle chip. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 13 cups instant mashed potato flakes, 14 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup fatfree sour cream, 2 frozen meatless hamburgerstyle patties with about 100 calories each, 2 slices fatfree American cheese, broken into small pieces, 12 cup chopped tomatoes, 14 cup chopped onion, 4 teaspoons ketchup, 4 hamburger dill pickle chips], title: Bonus MarketFind Recipe: Cheeseburger Mashed Potato Parfaits, picturelink: baNE3J.WhT8SpO9fWz9XqCHk.Eswq}, 10081: {instructions: Heat up the Pinto Beans and doctor them to your desired temperature, adding some ground black pepper, Tabasco sauce, minced garlic and jalapenos if using. Make them as spicy or mild as you like.nPreheat the broiler.nIn a very hot skillet, add a bit of canola oil and the Braised Beef Brisket. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes, and then flip and cook for another 1 to 2 minutes. Next, pour some of the red sauce over the meat to make it nice and moist. If you have them, also add a bit of the pan drippings from the brisketcooking process or a bit of beef brothagain just enough to bring the meat to a nice moist consistency. Stir to combine and remove from the heat.nTo assemble: In a heatproof dish, layer half of the tortilla chips, beans, brisket, cheese and Pico de Gallo. Repeat the layers but leave off the second layer of Pico de Gallo until after the dish is cooked.nPlace on the middle or bottom rack of your oven and broil until the cheese is melted. Watch closely so they dont burn. Sprinkle the remaining Pico de Gallo over the top before serving.nInhale, exhale and then ravenously consumenRinse the beans in cool water pour into a pot and cover with water by 2 to 3 inches. Cut the bacon into large pieces and add to the pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and cover. Simmer until the beans are tender, about 2 hours, adding water to the pot as needed. The beans should have a thick broth.nToward the end of the cooking time, add 1 teaspoon salt and 2 teaspoons pepper. Check the seasoning before serving, and add more salt and pepper if desired. Dont oversalt.nCombine the beef consomme, soy sauce, lemon juice, liquid smoke and garlic in a large roasting pan a disposable is just fine. Place the brisket in the marinade, fatside up. Cover tightly with foil. Marinate in the refrigerator for 24 to 48 hours.nWhen ready to cook, preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nCook the brisket in the foilcovered pan until forktender, about 40 minutes per pound 6 to 7 hours. Transfer to a cutting board, slice against the grain and put the slices back into the cooking liquid. Serve immediately, spooning the juice over the slices.nYou may store the pan in the fridge for up to 2 days, or freeze for use at a later date. If fat collects and hardens at the top, remove and discard.nChop the tomatoes, jalapenos and onions into a very small dice. Leave the seeds in your jalapenos for a hotter pico. Adjust the amount of jalapenos to your preferred temperature.nNext, chop up a nicesized bunch of cilantro. Just remove and discard the long leafless stems before chopping. No need to remove the leaves from the stems completely.nPut the tomatoes, jalapenos, onions and cilantro together in a bowl and give it a good stir. Squeeze the juice of the lime half into the bowl. Add salt to taste and stir again., ingredients: [2 cups Pinto Beans, recipe follows, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Tabasco sauce, to taste, Minced garlic, to taste, Jarred or fresh jalapenos, chopped or sliced, to taste, optional, Canola oil, for warming brisket, 2 cups shredded Braised Beef Brisket plus pan drippings as needed, recipe follows, 1 can Mexican red sauce or enchilada sauce enough to moisten brisket, Tortilla chips, as needed about half a bag, 2 cups grated Monterey Jack or however much you want, 2 cups Pico de Gallo, recipe follows, 4 cups dried pinto beans, 4 slices thick bacon you can also use salt pork, a ham hock or diced ham, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cans beef consomme, 1 12 cups soy sauce, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons liquid smoke, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 10 pounds beef brisket, 5 plum Roma tomatoes, 3 jalapeno peppers, 12 large or 1 small onion, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, 12 lime, Salt], title: Cowboy Nachos, picturelink: 6aTkAno.KI1kyuxAmHzT8YdjtCmPkYS}, 10082: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine all of the ingredients except the graham crackers and optional ingredients in a bowl, and mix thoroughly. Place the mixture in a deepdish pie pan sprayed lightly with nonstick spray, and bake in the oven for 45 minutes. It will remain a little soft, like pie filling. Refrigerate until completely chilled and firm, at least 2 hours. Top evenly with crushed graham crackers. Add whipped topping and cinnamon, if you like. Serve and enjoy, ingredients: [1 15ounce can pure pumpkin, 1 12ounce can evaporated fatfree milk, 12 cup fatfree liquid egg substitute, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 2 sheets 8 crackers lowfat cinnamon graham crackers, finely crushed, Fatfree whipped topping from an aerosol canister, for optional topping, Cinnamon, for optional topping], title: UpsideDown Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: 2Jx7ZkON0p7Xz24kTzESF61kjFDdMi}, 10083: {instructions: First, make the sauce. Put a pan of salted water on to boil. Push in all the watercress and boil for 5 minutes. Add the spinach and cook for another minute or so until wilted. Drain in a colander. Press with the back of a ladle to extract as much moisture as possible.nPut the leaves in a food processor and blend to a fine puree, scraping down the sides occasionally. Pour 14 cup of the cream through the processor funnel and keep the blades whirling for what seems like an eternity. You will eventually get a sauce with a texture like silk. It will be so smooth, you will not need to pass it through a sieve. If you want a pouring sauce, add the remaining cream. Check the seasoning, and pour into a small saucepan for reheating.nCut the beef loin into 4 even steaks and rub each side using 1 tablespoon oil. Heat a heavy, nonstick frying pan until you can feel a good heat rising. Lay in your steaksthey should give a good hiss as they hit the hot pan. Season the tops and cook for about 3 minutes, then flip over and cook the other side for 2 minutes. Slip the butter into the pan at this stage and season the second side. Remove the steaks from the pan and leave to rest while you cook the mushrooms.nSaute the mushrooms with the garlic in the remaining oil. Season and mix with the parsley.nReheat the watercress puree. Place the steaks on warmed plates sliced first if you like, trickle any pan juices over, and spoon on the mushrooms. If your watercress puree is firm, shape it into quenelles. If it is a sauce, spoon some over the steaks and pass the rest separately. Serve whatever accompaniment you like to eat steak with. Fries are great, or why not try slices of really fresh baguette, ingredients: [1 14pound piece beef top loin, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 7 ounces wild mushrooms try chanterelles, cepes, oyster mushrooms, or cremini, 2 fat cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 ounces watercress leaves about 3 cups, 4 ounces spinach leaves about 1 cup, 141 cup heavy cream], title: Loin of Beef with Watercress Puree, picturelink: f2jzsdrk.zwRZalfpMUubguHhtq7EM.}, 10084: {instructions: Prepare grill. In a bowl whisk together mustard, vinegar, oil, summer savory, water, and salt and pepper to taste. In a baking dish large enough to hold ribs in one layer coat them with marinade and let stand, covered, at room temperature 15 minutes. Grill ribs on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until just cooked through, about 10 minutes on each side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon redwine vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon dried summer savory, crumbled, or 3 tablespoons fresh summer savory, chopped fine, 1 tablespoon water, 2 pounds countrystyle pork ribs about 6], title: Grilled Country Ribs with Summer Savory Mustard Marinade, picturelink: null}, 10085: {instructions: In a Dutch oven or casserole set over moderate heat melt the butter. Add the shallots and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the garlic cloves, thyme, onions, chicken stock and salt and pepper, bring to a boil on top of the stove and cover with foil and lid. Transfer Dutch oven to a preheated 325 degree oven and cook for 4 hours. Discard thyme.nIn a blender puree soup, in batches, adding butter, a little at a time, until incorporated. Return to pan and heat until hot. Correct seasoning. Ladle soup into soup bowls and drizzle with truffle oil., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 4 shallots, sliced thick, 6 garlic cloves, peeled, 3 branches fresh thyme, 6 Vidahlia onions, peeled, 1 12 quarts chicken stock, or canned chicken broth, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, Salt and pepper to taste, Black Truffle Oil for flavoring], title: Roasted Vidalia Onion Soup with Black Truffle Oil, picturelink: null}, 10086: {instructions: Special equipment: Food dehydrator Spice grindernRemove the breast and the legs from the duck you can ask your butcher to do this for you. Remove the skin from the legs and reserve with the neck, heart, and gizzard.nHeat an 8inch saute pan over high heat. Add enough oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan. Add the duck legs and sear until well browned on all sides, but not cooked through, about 8 to 10 minutes. Lower the heat to mediumlow, pour off any excess fat and add the white wine. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cover with a tight lid and cook slowly over low heat for 1 12 hours or until the meat falls off the bones. Remove the legs from the liquid and remove all the meat from the bones and set aside. Pour the braising liquid into a shallow container and remove the fat  if you refrigerate the braising liquid overnight the fat will solidify and be easy to remove. There should be at least 1 cup of braising liquid left after the removal of the fat, if not, add chicken stock to make up 1 cup. Add the braised meat back to the braising liquid and cook over low heat, just until the meat is heated through. Set aside and keep warm.nHeat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is hot, add the duck breasts, skin side down, lower the heat to mediumlow, and cook without turning for 20 minutes, lowering the heat if the skin gets too dark and removing excess fat from the pan as it renders from the duck. During the last few minutes of cooking, season the flesh side with salt. Turn the breasts over and cook for 3 minutes. The duck breast should be medium rare to medium to be perfect.nRemove the duck breast from the pan and let rest on a plate, reserving any juices that accumulate. Slice each breast into 4 to 6 slices. Remove the stewed duck meat from the braising liquid. Add the Pear Sauce to the braising liquid and strain through a fine strainer. Add any juices from the duck breast, the pear brandy and the butter and whisk well.nPlace a scoop of Barley Risotto slightly off center. Place some of the braised meat in front and the Wilted Greens on either side of the risotto. Place slices of the duck atop the braised meat. Drizzle the meat with the sauce. Sprinkle with toasted hazelnuts and place the dried pear slices into the risotto.nUsing a juicer, juice 2 pears to get 12 cup of juice. The pears can also be grated into a bowl lined with a clean kitchen towel. Once the pulp is in the towel, close the towel and squeeze all the juice out into the bowl.nThinly slice the remaining 4 pears lengthwise. Place in a food dehydrator and dry until crisp according to manufacturers recommendations. Save the best looking dry pear slices to garnish the plate.nUsing a spice grinder grind the dried pears to a powder. Add 12 cup of the pear powder to the 12 cup of juice and let sit. The juice will thicken quickly and be about the consistency of peanut butter.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHalve the butternut squash lengthwise and scoop out the seeds and discard. Lightly oil a sheet pan, place the squash flesh side down, and roast until soft, about 45 minutes. Set aside to cool, then scoop out of the skin and puree until smooth using a food mill or food processor. Refrigerate.nSoak the barley in the water, cover, and refrigerate overnight. Pour the barley and the soaking water into a saucepan and bring to a simmer. Simmer until softened, about 10 to 15 minutes. Add the butternut squash puree and season with salt and black pepper and keep warm until needed. Add butter right before serving.nHeat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add enough canola oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan. Add the greens and cook, tossing often, just until greens are wilted and stalks are crisptender, about 5 minutes. Set aside and keep hot., ingredients: [1 8pound whole duck, Vegetable oil, 1 12 cups dry white wine about half a bottle, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 cups chicken stock, Pear sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon pear brandy, 1 tablespoon butter, Butternut squash Barley Risotto, recipe follows, Wilted greens, recipe follows, 4 ounces whole, blanched, peeled hazelnuts, toasted, 6 pears, 1 small butternut squash, Vegetable oil, to oil baking sheet, 1 cup barley, 1 12 cups water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 bunches cleaned, dried Swiss chard, Canola oil, for wilting greens], title: Duck with Pear Sauce and Wilted Greens, picturelink: nmupDeH1fpMHSVp8PaOsUrM9fVz67WW}, 10087: {instructions: Trim ends from fresh yuca and peel remainder, removing all waxy brown skin and pinkish layer underneath.nCut yuca into 3inchthick pieces. Boil yuca in salted water to cover by 2 inches until tender and starting to fall apart, 50 minutes to 1 14 hours.nDrain and transfer to a cutting board. Carefully halve hot yuca pieces lengthwise and remove thin woody cores. Return yuca to pot with 1 34 cups milk, garlic, juice, and salt. Coarsely mash yuca, adding additional milk if desired, and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 pounds fresh yuca also called cassava preferably 2 inches in diameter or 3 pounds frozen, 1 34 to 2 14 cups hot milk, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Mashed Yucca with Garlic, picturelink: null}, 10088: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo build the punch: In a shaker, combine the spirits and juices. Shake well, and then pour over ice in a tall islandstyle glass. Float the spiced rum and grenadine on top.nGarnish with the lime and orange wheels and the pineapple wedge., ingredients: [2 ounces white rum, 12 ounce elderflower liqueur, such as St. Germaine, 2 ounces pineapple juice, 1 ounce fresh lime juice, 1 ounce mango juice or mango nectar, Ice, Float of spiced rum, 14 ounce grenadine, Lime wheel, for garnish, Orange wheel, for garnish, Pineapple wedge unpeeled, for garnish], title: The Big Island Punch, picturelink: Sx9Rymtv6LP7GhoTbx9HV9aJyBj6jy}, 10089: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter with the olive oil in a large skillet over a mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp and garlic, then saute until the shrimp are opaque, about 3 minutes. Remove the shrimp to a plate.nIncrease the heat to high, then throw in the zucchini. Stir it around for about 45 seconds, then scoot the zucchini to the edges of the pan. Throw in the corn and cook it for a minute, then push it to the edges of the pan. Throw in the grape tomatoes, stir them around for a minute, then sprinkle on some salt and pepper to taste.nThen throw the shrimp back in. Stir everything around for about 45 seconds, or until its all combined and hot. Then pour it onto a big platter.nSprinkle on the fresh basil and some Parmesan shavings then ... this is the best part ... squeeze the lemon all over the top. This adds a wonderful, indescribable freshness.nYou can serve this with rice, with pasta or its just perfect on its own., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 pounds jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails on, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 large zucchini, diced, 2 large ears of corn, kernels removed, 34 cup red grape tomatoes, sliced in half lengthwise, 34 cup yellow grape tomatoes, sliced in half lengthwise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 to 18 fresh basil leaves, cut in chiffonade, Parmesan shavings, Juice of 1 lemon, Rice or pasta, for serving, optional], title: Shrimp StirFry, picturelink: 0XjMIN1Sf6Yna.eRL5OlWOBY4ickim}, 10090: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium skillet over medium high heat, brown chopped bacon. Using a slotted spoon, remove bacon to a paper towel lined plate. Add onion to the pan. Saute chopped onions 3 minutes or so, until they are just tender. Add peas and water to the pan. Cover and cook peas 5 minutes. Uncover and allow the liquid to cook almost out of the pan. Add bacon back to the skillet and remove pan from heat. Transfer to a serving dish and enjoy, ingredients: [3 slices bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 small yellow skinned onion, peeled and chopped, 1 pound sugar snap peas, 12 cup water, Salt and pepper], title: Sugar Snap Peas with Onions and Bacon, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 10091: {instructions: Slice any squash in half, discard the seeds and cut into wedges. Brush all over with butter or oil and season the flesh with curry powder. Roast on a baking sheet at 400 until softened, about 30 minutes. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Antonis Achiellos, ingredients: [], title: Curried Winter Squash, picturelink: MwkK6jb3Of.TRIFbFvJessk1dL3Tiy}, 10092: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a plate with a paper towel. In a saute pan over medium heat, add the bacon. Cook until tender and cooked but not crisp, flipping once, about 8 minutes. Remove to the papertowel lined plate. Let cool and then chop.nTo the pan with the bacon drippings, add the onion and cook until tender, soft and translucent, about 7 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, another 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat.nTo a large bowl, add the baked beans, molasses, dark brown sugar, barbecue sauce and bacon mixture. Pour the mixture into a 9by13inch baking dish and bake, uncovered, for about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and let cool for at least 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 pound bacon, 1 onion, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, Four 15ounce cans baked beans, drained, 12 cup light molasses, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 1 cup barbecue sauce], title: Moms Baked Beans, picturelink: VNQXQGKWYsy4GRo3fW.b99jkVPynMGi}, 10093: {instructions: Special equipment: Jumbo size plastic food bag, recommended: Hefty brand 3 to 5 gallonsnOpen a jumbo plastic food storage bag in the sink and add the water, salt, sugar, bay leaves, shallots, seasonings and garlic and swish around to combine. Add the turkey breast and seal the bag. Put it into the refrigerator and let it brine for 24 hours in advance of your cooking day.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPat the turkey breast dry, season with salt and pepper and put it in a roasting pan. Roast in the oven at 400 degrees F for 30 minutes. Baste, reduce the temperature to 325 degrees F and roast until an instantread thermometer registers 170 degrees F, about 40 minutes. Remove the turkey breast from the oven to a cutting board. Cover with foil and let rest for 15 minutes. Carve the breast and arrange it on a serving platter. Serve with pan juices.nReserve 1 pound of meat for another menu. Cool, wrap and refrigerate the reserved meat.nAdd the butter to a medium sauce pot and melt it over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and thyme and saute for 2 minutes, then add the flour and stir 1 minute. Whisk in the stock, Worcestershire and maple syrup. Season with black pepper, to taste, and reduce the mixture until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 10 to 12 minutes.nMelt the butter in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the spaghetti and toast until deeply golden in color. Add rice, carrot, celery, scallions and orange zest, then stir in the stock and bring to a boil. Cover the pot, reduce the heat to a simmer, and cook until the rice is tender, about 16 to 18 minutes.nFluff the rice with fork and add the oranges, grapes, nuts, parsley, and salt and pepper, to taste.nTransfer the rice to a serving bowl., ingredients: [1 gallon spring water, 1 cup kosher salt, 12 cup superfine sugar, 6 fresh bay leaves, 2 large shallots, quartered lengthwise, A palmful coriander seeds, A palmful black peppercorns, A palmful paprika, A palmful poultry seasoning, 12 palmful allspice berries, 6 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped or sliced, 1 6 to 7 pound full turkey breast, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves finely chopped, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken stockinabox, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 13 cup dark amber maple syrup, Lots of coarsely ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 cup 1inch pieces broken thin spaghetti, 1 12 cups rice, 1 small carrot, finely chopped, 2 ribs celery, finely chopped, 4 scallions, whites and greens, chopped, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 3 cups chicken stockinabox, 1 small navel orange, supremed or sectioned and chopped, 1 cup halved seedless red grapes, 12 cup chopped toasted walnuts, 12 cup chopped parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted, Brined Turkey Breast with MapleWorcestershire Gravy and Fruit and Nut Rice Pilaf, picturelink: UrZkeQxNPb3KxtU4Zh5NOg.7ndlmYiy}, 10094: {instructions: Combine powdered sugar and powdered chocolate in a small bowl. In another small bowl, combine 2 tablespoons of sugar, berries, and chocolate chips. On a flat surface, lay 1 sheet at a time of the phyllo dough. Brush each sheet with butter, and sprinkle a small amount of the sugar mixture on each sheet. Repeat 3 more times until you have a 4sheet layer of dough for each bundle. Take 12 of the berrysugarchocolate mix for each bundle, and place it in the center of the phyllo. Cut 3inches off of each corner of the bundles and begin pulling all of the corners into the center to create a bundle. Pinch the top of the bundles to create a pouch and fluff the top edges. Brush the bundle with egg, coating evenly. Place the bundles on a buttered baking sheet. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown. Remove and place on a plate, then dust with the remaining powdered sugar mixture. Garnish with berries and serve immediately.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. ., ingredients: [2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons powdered chocolate, 2 tablespoons sugar, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 pint blackberries, 1 pint raspberries, 4 tablespoons chocolate chips or shavings, 8 sheets phyllo dough, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 1 egg, beaten, Whole berries, for garnish], title: Double Berry Bundle, picturelink: null}, 10095: {instructions: In a large saute pan over medium heat add the cubed meat and cook until browned. Add the chopped bell pepper, onion, tomato, garlic, cumin, black pepper and 1ounce water and stir to combine. Add 1 quart water and bring everything to a boil. Turn the heat down and add the roux. Cook the mixture until it thickens and season with salt, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter and serve., ingredients: [1 pound cubed beef blade meat, 1 large green bell pepper, seeded and roughly chopped, 1 onion, roughly chopped, 1 large tomato, chopped, 14 cup chopped garlic, 1ounce whole cumin seeds, 12ounce freshly ground black pepper, 1 quart water, plus 1ounce, 12 cup blonde roux, made from 12 cup flour and 12 cup fat, Salt], title: Carne Guisada, picturelink: null}, 10096: {instructions: Butter a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat 1 tablespoon of oil in a heavy large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and saute until golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the pancetta to a small bowl. Pour off all but 14 cup of the pan drippings if necessary, add more oil to the pan drippings to equal 14 cup total. Reduce the heat to medium. Add 3 teaspoons of garlic and saute until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the flour and whisk for 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in the milk. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the sauce thickens slightly, whisking often, about 5 minutes. Gradually whisk in all the Fontina, mozzarella, Parmesan, and provolone cheeses.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the rigatoni and cook until almost al dente, stirring occasionally, about 7 minutes. The pasta will continue cooking in the oven. Drain pasta and add directly into the cheese. Add the parsley, basil, and pancetta and toss to coat. Season the pasta mixture, to taste, with salt and pepper. Transfer the pasta mixture to the prepared dish.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add the remaining garlic and saute until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Remove from the heat. Add the bread crumbs and toss to coat. Sprinkle the bread crumb mixture over the pasta mixture. Drizzle the top with extravirgin olive oil and bake until the sauce bubbles and the bread crumbs are golden brown, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing pan, 2 tablespoons or more olive oil, 6 ounces pancetta, chopped, 4 teaspoons minced garlic, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 7 cups whole milk, 8 ounces Fontina cheese, grated, 4 ounces mozzarella cheese, grated, 34 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 6 ounces provolone cheese, grated, 1 pound rigatoni pasta, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups fresh coarse bread crumbs, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Farmers Pasta, picturelink: null}, 10097: {instructions: Make the lime curd: Combine the granulated sugar, egg and egg yolk, lime juice and cornstarch in a small saucepan. Cook over mediumlow heat, whisking, until thick enough to coat a spoon, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter, a little at a time, until smooth. Strain through a finemesh sieve into a bowl, then stir in the lime zest and salt. Set in a larger bowl of ice and stir until the curd is completely cool. Press plastic wrap directly onto the surface refrigerate until ready to use.nMake the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line a muffin pan with 12 cupcake liners. Pulse the wafer cookies in a food processor until finely ground. Melt 2 tablespoons butter add to the processor and pulse until the mixture comes together. Press about 1 tablespoon crumbs into each muffin cup.nSift the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt into a medium bowl set aside. Combine the remaining 10 tablespoons butter and the granulated sugar in a large bowl and beat with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, 5 minutes. Reduce the speed to low beat in the eggs, one at a time. Add the vanilla, lime zest and juice and beat until well combined. Add the flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with the buttermilk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Increase the speed to medium high and mix until combined.nDivide the batter among the prepared muffin cups, filling each about threequarters of the way. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the centers comes out clean, 20 to 22 minutes. Remove to a rack let cool completely.nMake the frosting: Beat the butter in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, 5 minutes. Reduce the speed to low and beat in the confectioners sugar. Increase the speed to medium high add the sour cream, lime juice and salt and beat until fluffy, 2 more minutes.nPlace the lime curd in a pastry bag fitted with a 14inch tip. Insert the tip into the center of each cupcake and squeeze to fill. Frost the cupcakes, then pipe more lime curd on top. Top with lime slices and zest.nCooks Note: Key limes are smaller and more tart than regular limes. If you cant find them, look for bottled Key lime juice and use regular lime zest., ingredients: [12 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg plus 1 egg yolk, 14 cup fresh Key lime juice from about 8 Key limes, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 teaspoon grated Key lime zest from about 2 Key limes, Pinch of salt, 12 chocolate wafer cookies, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon grated Key lime zest, 2 tablespoons fresh Key lime juice from about 4 Key limes, 13 cup buttermilk, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 14 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon fresh Key lime juice, Pinch of salt, Key lime slices and grated zest, for topping], title: Key Lime Cupcakes, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 10098: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt 2 tablespoons of butter in medium saucepan over medium high heat. Add in onions and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Stir in flour and stir to coat onions. Cook for 2 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in hot milk. Return to heat and bring to a simmer. Stir in cheese by the handful. Add broccoli to the cheese sauce and pour into buttered casserole dish.nMelt remaining butter in a small skillet and stir in cracker crumbs. Cover the broccoli casserole with the buttered cracker crumbs. Bake until bubbly and lightly browned, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, plus 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 12 cup hot milk, 1 12 cups grated sharp cheddar, 2 heads broccoli, cut into 2inch pieces, quickly steamed, 1 12 cups crushed butter crackers], title: Broccoli and Cheese Casserole, picturelink: null}, 10099: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBlend the ricotta, mascarpone, egg yolk, and powdered sugar in a food processor until smooth and creamy. Transfer the ricotta mixture to a small bowl, then cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, blend the strawberries and 1 tablespoon of sugar in a clean food processor until smooth. Transfer the strawberry sauce to a small bowl and set aside.nWhisk the chocolatehazelnut spread and cream in a medium bowl to blend.nPosition the oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F.nLine a heavy large baking sheet with parchment paper. Roll out each piece of pizza dough into a 7inchdiameter round. Spoon the ricotta mixture atop the center of the lower half of each pizza dough. Spoon the chocolatehazelnut mixture atop the cheese mixture. Brush the lower edges of the dough with egg wash. Fold the plain dough halves over the filling, forming half circles. Pinch the edges of dough firmly together to seal. Using a pastry wheel, trim the edges. Transfer the calzones to the prepared baking sheet, spacing evenly.nBrush the tops of the calzones with more egg wash. Bake until the calzones puff and become golden brown, about 10 minutes. Transfer the baking sheet to a rack and cool for 15 minutes. Transfer the calzones to plates and dust with the powdered sugar. Drizzle the strawberry sauce around the calzones and serve., ingredients: [34 cup whole milk ricotta cheese, 14 cup mascarpone cheese, 1 large egg yolk, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, plus more for dusting, 8 ounces frozen strawberries, thawed, 2 tablespoons sugar, 23 cup chocolatehazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons whipping cream, at room temperature, 6 2ounce pieces homemade or purchased pizza dough, cold, 1 large egg, beaten to blend], title: Ricotta and ChocolateHazelnut Calzones, picturelink: 7Zz9GSVE4o16ip.oq9H35ujSsJZg3lW}, 10100: {instructions: Toast 3 sliced garlic cloves and a pinch of red pepper flakes in a large skillet with olive oil. Add salt, then stir in a 10ounce box of thawed frozen lima beans cook about 7 minutes. Remove from the heat add halved cherry tomatoes, sliced basil and a splash of white wine vinegar. Drizzle with olive oil and top with shaved parmesan cheese.nPhotograph By Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: TomatoBasil Lima Beans, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 10101: {instructions: Using a blender, mix together the cilantro, olive oil, almonds, garlic, lime juice, 12 cup asiago, salt and chicken broth on low speed for 2 minutes. Set aside. In large saucepan combine pasta, cooked chicken and sauce. Heat over medium heat for 2 minutes. Pour into serving bowls. Top with remaining asiago and sundried tomatoes., ingredients: [1 cup fresh cilantro leaves do not include stems, 2 12 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons sliced, toasted almonds, 3 tablespoons chopped, fresh garlic, 1 12 teaspoon lime juice, 12 cup shredded asiago, plus 12 cup shredded, 1 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup chicken broth, 8 cups linguini pasta, cooked al dente, 2 cups cooked, cubed chicken, 4 cups pesto sauce, 1 cup sundried tomato, sliced julienned], title: Gurus Cilantro Lime Pesto Pasta, picturelink: null}, 10102: {instructions: For the layer cake:nBake according to package directions to make 2 9inch rounds.nFor the Cupcakes:nBake according to package directions to make 24 cupcakes.nAssembly:nSandwich the 2 layer cakes together with 12 cup buttercream. Flatten top layer by cutting if necessary, then cover the sides and top with remaining pint of frosting. Smooth out top and sides. Place in refrigerator and let chill for 1 to 2 hours.nDivide remaining 2 pints of frosting into 4 bowls. Add 1 12 teaspoons marshmallow flavoring to each bowl. Mix blue, red, green and yellow food coloring in each bowl. Fill 4 small sandwich bags with about 12 cup of each color. Cut a small slit on 1 side of the bottom of each bag and lightly pipe varying sizes of dots on the layer cake. Frost cupcakes with remaining colored buttercream frosting. Arrange and stack the frosted cupcakes in a 3level pyramid atop the cake. Construct the pyramid with 7 cupcakes on the bottom layer 3 on the middle layer, and 1 cupcake on top., ingredients: [1 box moist butter cake mix, 1 12 teaspoons marshmallow flavoring, 1 box moist butter cake mix, Cupcake liners, 4 containers white buttercream frosting, 6 teaspoons marshmallow flavoring, Food coloring, Plastic sandwich bags], title: Cupcake Layer Cake, picturelink: null}, 10103: {instructions: Bring a small pan of lightly salted water to a boil. Blanch the sliced garlic for about 3 minutes, and drain. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, orange juice, salt, and pepper. Drizzle in the olive oil in a slow, thin stream, whisking all the time, until emulsified. Stir in the minced chiles.nPlace washed and dried greens in a bowl, add the slivered garlic and the dressing, and toss to coat evenly. Place a mound of greens on each plate.nNote: To pickle chipotle peppers, combine 6 peppers that have been stemmed and, if desired, seeded with 2 cups of red wine vinegar in a small non reactive saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat so the vinegar is simmering. Cook, covered, for 5 minutes. Set aside to cool, then store in a glass jar in the refrigerator for up to 3 months., ingredients: [6 large cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 6 pickled chipotle peppers see Note, minced, 2 bunches flat leaf parsley leaves and tender stems only, washed and dried, 1 bunch fresh mint, leaves only, washed and dried], title: Parsley and Mint Salad with Chipotle Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 10104: {instructions: In a heavybottomed saucepan, combine the sugar and water over mediumlow heat until the sugar dissolves. Increase the heat and bring to a boil, without stirring. If necessary, use a wet pastry brush to wash down any crystals on the side of the pan. Boil until the syrup is a deep amber color, about 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the sugar from the heat and carefully whisk in the heavy cream. The mixture will bubble. Stir in the unsalted butter, and salt. Transfer the caramel to a dish and cool.nUses for Salted Caramel Sauce: Salted Caramel Dip with Harvest Apples: Package the sauce with seasonal apples for making caramel apples or simply dip the apple slices into the caramel sauce. Carmelitas: Attach a recipe for a classic carmelitas recipe to the jarred caramel sauce suggesting using the sauce in the recipe. Salted Caramel Milkshake: Add the salted caramel sauce to basic vanilla milkshake recipe, recipe follows.nSalted Caramel Milkshake: Combine the ice cream, milk, and caramel sauce in a blender and blend until smooth., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 34 cup heavy cream, 3 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon gray sea salt, crushed or kosher salt, Salted Caramel Variations, recipes follow, 1 pint vanilla bean ice cream, 12 cup whole milk, 14 cup salted caramel sauce], title: Salted Caramel Sauce, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 10105: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason the osso buco generously with salt.nCoat a wide, flat pan generously with olive oil. Bring the pan to a high heat and add the osso buco to the pan and brown them very well on all sides.nIn a food processor puree the onion, celery, fennel, and garlic to a coarse paste. When the osso buco is well browned on all sides, remove from the pan and reserve. Ditch the excess oil from the pan and add a little new oil and bring to a high heat. Add the veggies to the pan with a pinch of crushed red pepper, season with salt, and brown them very well. Do not skimp on this step  it will take awhile, and thats ok. Add the tomato paste and cook until it starts to brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the wine and reduce by half.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nReturn the osso buco to the pan. Add water so the liquid becomes even with top of the meat. Taste the liquid and season with salt if needed. Add in the bay leaves and thyme bundle. Bring the liquid to a boil, cover, and put the whole pan in the oven.nCook the osso buco for 1 hour. Pull the pan out of the oven and check the liquid level and the seasoning. Add more liquid, if needed, return the pan to the oven, and cook for another hour.nRemove the lid and cook for 30 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven, remove the osso buco, and hold on a serving platter. Skim the fat off the surface of the sauce, if needed. Taste the sauce and adjust seasoning.nRemove the string from the osso buco. Serve the osso buco with sauce spooned over. Garnish with Gremolata. Serve with a demitasse spoon to scoop out the marrow.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl., ingredients: [6 osso buco, tied equatorially with string, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 2 celery ribs, coarsely chopped, 1 fennel bulb, coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, Pinch crushed red pepper, 34 cup tomato paste, 2 cups dry white wine, 3 bay leaves, 1 fresh thyme bundle, Gremolata, recipe follows, 1 orange, zested, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons freshly grated horseradish], title: Osso Buco, picturelink: IV0iaAGHYR5EQsEBK4XYOxZzRositSu}, 10106: {instructions: Combine the cream and sugar in a heavy small saucepan. Add the cinnamon stick, and bring to a boil. Remove from heat, and let sit for 1 hour. Slowly whisk the yolks into the cream mixture. Add the rum. Stir over mediumlow heat using a wooden spatula until the sauce has thickened enough to leave a path when a finger is drawn across the spatula. Strain the sauce through a fine sieve into a bowl. Discard the cinnamon stick. Add an ice cube to the mixture and cool to room temperature, then cover and refrigerate until chilled, 4 to 6 hours. This can be prepared 1 day in advance.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Trace 4 4inch circles onto each parchment paper. Invert the parchment paper. Brush inside the circles lightly with the melted butter and sprinkle each circle with about 1 tablespoon sugar.nRemove filo from package and unroll it. Remove 1 sheet, and cover the remaining filo with plastic wrap and a damp towel. Brush the sheet of filo with melted butter, and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sugar. Cut the filo in half crosswise. Turn 1 of the 12 filo sheets over buttered and sugared side down, and crumple it until it conforms to the contours of one 4inch circle on the parchment. Place on a circle. Crumple the second half of the filo sheet, and place on another circle in the same manner. Repeat the process with the remaining 3 filo sheets. Rewrap the remaining filo dough, and refrigerate or freeze for another use. Press the filo circles down gently to flatten them. Bake until golden, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a rack sugar side up. These can be prepared ahead and set aside at room temperature.nYield: 4 servingsnMelt the butter in a large heavy nonstick skillet over low heat. Add the sugar, and stir until dissolved. Add the apples, increase heat to medium high, and cook until just tender and caramelized, about 15 minutes. This can be prepared ahead, cooled, covered, and set aside at room temperature. To serve, place 1 round of pastry, sugar side down, on each plate. Overlap a quarter of the apples on top of the pastry. Top with another round of pastry, sugar side up. Ladle cinnamon custard around the pastry. Serve immediately.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 2inch cinnamon stick, 2 egg yolks at room temperature, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 5 ounces 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 5 tablespoons sugar, 4 sheets filo dough, defrosted in refrigerator if frozen, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup sugar, 1 pound 4 medium Pippin or Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, quartered, and cut into 38inchthick slices], title: Filo Apple Crowns with Cinnamon Custard, picturelink: null}, 10107: {instructions: In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add rabbits and sear. Add mirepoix, and caramelize lightly. Deglaze the pan with the wine. Add stock and simmer until rabbit is tender. Cool and pick the meat from the bones. Reserve the juice.nSear vegetables in some butter, about 14 stick until lightly browned. Add the herbs and garlic and wine. Reduce au sec until pan is almost dry. Add 12 stick butter and stir to melt without breaking. Stir in the flour until incorporated. Gradually stir in reserved juice.nCook about 30 minutes until roux taste is gone. Add picked rabbit meat and season, to taste, with salt, pepper, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce and dried thyme.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMix all dry ingredients. Mix all wet ingredients. Mix the 2 together stirring as little as possible.nPour the hot stew in a large casserole dish and drop golf ball size dumplings all over the top.nBake in preheated oven for 20 to 30 minutes or until bubbling around the edges and the dumplings have become golden brown on top., ingredients: [2 whole rabbits, 12 gallon mirepoix 2 parts onion, 1 part carrots and 1 part celery, 2 cups white wine, 34 gallon chicken stock, 2 cups large dice carrots, 2 cups large dice celery root, 2 cups large dice celery, 2 cups large dice turnips, 2 cups large dice onion, 34 stick butter, divided, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped rosemary leaves, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped sage leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, Dried thyme, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch ground cayenne, Pinch ground nutmeg, Pinch rubbed sage, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon melted butter, 2 eggs, 12 cup buttermilk], title: Rabbit and Dumplings, picturelink: Aa7Cu.i7CutUV6fLL.umtryZINQmmy.}, 10108: {instructions: Set the ice cream out at room temperature to soften for about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, use a fork to mix together the graham cracker crumbs, butter, and 14 cup sugar in a bowl. Press this mixture over the bottom and sides of a 9inch springform pan with your fingers then press all over with the flat bottom of a glass to get the crust really well pressed together and compact. Set aside.nWhen the ice cream has softened, cream it in a mixer with a paddle attachment or by hand in a bowl with a wooden spoon until soft and creamy, but not melted. Break the cheesecake into pieces and beat or fold it into the ice cream. Pour the mixture into the prepared springform pan and smooth the top. Put that in the freezer to set.nNow combine the strawberries, the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar, and the lemon juice in nonreactive saucepan and warm over medium heat just until the strawberries begin to break down and give off their juice, 3 to 5 minutes. Stick that into the refrigerator to chill.nWhen youre ready to serve, remove the sides of the springform pan and put the frozen cheesecake on a cake plate. Spoon the strawberries over the top and serve., ingredients: [12 gallon goodquality strawberry ice cream, 1 12 cups fine graham cracker crumbs, 6 tablespoons melted butter, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 storebought cheesecake 8 or 9 inch, room temperature, 1 pint strawberries, hulled and cut into pieces, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Frozen Strawberry Cheesecake, picturelink: CKcLh4rFBTwKlRTdSvwiw7dHVh0Cxi}, 10109: {instructions: Place cooked pasta in a large bowl, add peppers, onions, tomatillo, corn and lima beans. Place vinegar and chipotle peppers in a blender and blend until smooth. Slowly add olive oil until emulsified and season with salt and pepper to taste. Toss the salad with the dressing and add cilantro., ingredients: [1 pound orecchiette, cooked al dente, 2 yellow peppers, grilled and julienned, 1 red onion, finely sliced, 6 tomatillos, quartered, 1 cup fresh corn kernels, 1 cup frozen baby lima beans, thawed, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 canned chipotle pepper, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup cilantro, finely chopped], title: Southwestern Pasta Salad, picturelink: 8uSGJBqwYBizvhyxaHZW3N8q7iHB.6}, 10110: {instructions: Heat a griddle or nonstick skillet with cooking spray and set over mediumhigh heat to preheat.nIn a medium bowl, with a spoon, combine shrimp, mayonnaise, egg, bread crumbs, chives, salt, and black pepper. Mix well and shape mixture into 4 cakes, each about 1inch thick.nPlace cakes on hot griddle and cook 3 minutes per side, flipping with a spatula, until cooked through. Remove from griddle.nWhile cakes are cooking, in a small bowl, with a spoon, combine mayonnaise and grain mustard. Mix well. Serve shrimp cakes with remoulade spooned over top., ingredients: [Cooking spray, Cooked shrimp, about 12 ounces, chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons seasoned dry bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon fresh chives, chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon grain mustard], title: Shrimp Cakes with Grain Mustard Remoulade, picturelink: null}, 10111: {instructions: Warm the taco shells in the oven according to the package instructions. Heat the Chicken Taco Meat in a skillet until piping hot.nPile up the warm shells with: sliced lettuce, Chicken Taco Meat, chopped tomatoes, grated CheddarJack and sour cream. Top with hot sauce and garnish with chopped cilantro. Serve with lime wedges for squeezing over the tacos.nnIn a skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and heat until hot. Add the chicken in batches and cook, browning, a couple minutes per side remove the chicken to a plate using a slotted spoon. Add the garlic and onions to the skillet and cook briefly. Add the chili powder, paprika, cumin and salt to taste. Pour in the tomato sauce and 2 cups water to create a broth. Add the chicken back to the skillet. Bring to a boil, then simmer until the broth is reduced by half.nLet cool, divide among 4 freezer bags and freeze. Yield: 4 freezer bags 16 to 20 servings., ingredients: [16 taco shells, 1 bag Chicken Taco Meat thawed if frozen, recipe follows, 1 head green lettuce, thinly sliced, 6 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 1 12 cups grated CheddarJack cheese, 1 cup sour cream, Hot sauce, as needed, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish, Lime wedges, for squeezing, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 large boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into bitesized pieces, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 tablespoon cumin, Salt, One 14ounce can tomato sauce], title: Chicken Taco Meat Tacos, picturelink: bxt18nzffBKUFmbfiVB.YO5gAEmXKmO}, 10112: {instructions: rkeyToast 1 14 teaspoons curry powder in a skillet 20 seconds let cool. Mix with 2 tablespoons cranberry sauce and 12 cup plain yogurt in a bowl. Add 2 cups chopped leftover turkey and 14 cup each chopped scallions and celery. Season with salt and add some toasted walnuts, if desired. Stuff into pitas lined with lettuce.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul., ingredients: [], title: SweetandSpicy Turkey Pitas, picturelink: 0RorDadT4j.P.DA8t6qWiprcDJUOW}, 10113: {instructions: Select the fish you like to eat, Jazz is great on them all however, be sure your selection is suitable for the grill. Some fish grill better than others, if youre unsure, ask your butcher. Excellent selections are salmon, bass, halibut, mahimahi, yellowtail, and lingcod.nHeat the grill on high. Combine the butter and olive oil in a bowl and set aside. Combine the pineapple, jalapeno, and honey.nBrush a mix of melted butter and olive oil onto the fillet or fish steak before placing it in the grill. This will cause the flames to rise up, searing in the juices. Brush more of this mixture on the top as its cooking. Do not overcook, most fish grill quickly. You must adjust the cooking time based on the thickness of the fish being cooked.nFlip the fillets or steaks and reapply another brushing of the butteroil mixture. Once seared, reduce the flame to low and close the lid on the barbecue. Wait a few minutes until fish is nearly done and pour the pineapple mixture or Jazz HoneyJalapeno Pineapple Sauce over the top. Close the lid and cook until the fish is cooked.nGarnish platter with green leaf lettuce, carefully place fish on the bed of lettuce, and serve. This is a simple and amazingly eye attractive dish. Sit back and enjoy the raves from your guests., ingredients: [2 pounds seafood, 14 cup butter, melted, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped pineapple, 14 cup seeded and finely chopped jalapenos, 14 cup honey, Green leaf lettuce, Jazz HoneyJalapeno Sauce can be used instead of the pineapple, jalapenos, and honey], title: Jazz on the Grill: Seafood BBQ, picturelink: null}, 10114: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a regularsize cupcake pan with 18 cupcake liners.nSift together the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with a paddle attachment, add the sifted dry ingredients and mix on low speed for 30 seconds. Slowly add the oil until fine crumbs are formed. Add the eggs, heavy cream, milk, and almond extract and mix on low speed for 1 minute. Stop and scrape the bowl and paddle, and then mix on medium speed for 2 minutes.nFill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter and bake until baked through, about 20 minutes. Do not open the oven during this time. Cool the cupcakes completely after baking.nRoll out the marzipan evenly to 18inch thickness. Cut out 12 2 12inch round disks using a cookie cutter.nTo assemble, core each cupcake with an apple corer to create a pocket for the filling. Put the Blueberry Tequila Filling into a pastry bag and cut 12inch off the tip. Fill each cupcake with the filling. Place 1 marzipan disk on top of each cupcake. Put the Acai Berry Cream Cheese Frosting into a pastry bag and cut 12inch off the tip. Pipe the frosting on top of the marzipan disk in a circular motion. Garnish with thinly sliced almonds on top and serve.nMix all the ingredients in a mixing bowl until combined.nIn the bowl of an electric stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and cream cheese. Slowly add the powdered sugar and mix until combined. Add the acai berry syrup and mix for 2 minutes on medium speed until incorporated and creamy., ingredients: [2 13 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 cups white sugar, 12 cup canola oil, 2 eggs, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 7 ounces marzipan, Blueberry Tequila Filling, recipe follows, Acai Berry Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, 14 cup thinly sliced almonds, for garnish, 12 cup blueberry jam, 1 tablespoon tequila, 12 teaspoon key lime juice, 14 pound unsalted butter, room temperature, 18 ounces cream cheese, 9 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup acai berry syrup], title: Almond Cupcakes with Blueberry Tequila Filling, Topped with Marzipan and Acai Berry Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 10115: {instructions: In a blender, add the Dijon and vinegars and blend. Drizzle in the oils to emulsify. In a large salad bowl, toss the chicken, pasta, tomatoes and basil. Season with salt and black pepper. Check for flavor.nIn a large pasta bowl, plate the entire salad and garnish with basil tops.nIn a blender, puree garlic, ginger, lime juice, salt, and sugar and oil until smooth. Do not overmix thereby heating the mixture. Add the basil and puree smooth. Check for seasoning., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup rice vinegar, 12 cup Basil Oil, recipe follows, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 cooked chicken, picked off of the bone, skin and all, shredded, 4 cups blanched fusilli pasta, 2 large ripe tomatoes, medium dice, 12 bunch Thai basil, picked, reserve a few tops, for garnish, 3 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 limes, juiced, 12 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup canola oil, 2 cups Thai basil leaves, Salt and black pepper], title: Chicken, Tomato, and Pasta Salad with Basil Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 10116: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a heavy large frying pan over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until tender, about 8 minutes. Add the chard and saute until it wilts, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in the tomatoes with their juices, wine, and red pepper flakes. Bring to a simmer. Cover and simmer until the tomatoes begin to break down and the chard is very tender, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Season the chard mixture, to taste, with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring frequently, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain the spaghetti. Add the spaghetti to the chard mixture and toss to combine.nTransfer the pasta to serving bowls. Sprinkle the olives, cheese, and pine nuts and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 onions, thinly sliced, 2 bunches Swiss chard, trimmed and chopped about 14 cups, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 14 12ounce can diced tomatoes with juices, 14 cup dry white wine, 14 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper flakes, Salt and pepper, 8 ounces wholewheat spaghetti, 14 cup pitted kalamata olives, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Pecorino cheese, 2 tablespoons toasted pine nuts], title: WholeWheat Spaghetti with Swiss Chard and Pecorino Cheese, picturelink: wzSXy2Nntf0NjF9gGDTVFew3CFstqJi}, 10117: {instructions: Place frozen shelled edamame in a microwavesafe bowl with 2 tablespoons of water. Cover and cook on high for 6 to 8 minutes, stirring halfway through cooking time, When finished cooking, let sit covered for 1 minute. Transfer edamame to a bowl of ice water for 2 to 3 minutes. Drain.nIn a medium bowl, combine remaining vegetables. Add edamame when finished cooling and toss to combine.nIn a small bowl, combine salad dressing, wasabi, and soy sauce. Pour over salad and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 16ounce bag frozen shelled edamame recommended: C and W, 4 radishes, thinly sliced, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 16ounce can baby corn cut into 12inch pieces, 1 2ounce jar sliced pimento, 13 cup Chinese chicken salad dressing, 1 teaspoon prepared wasabi, 1 tablespoon soy sauce], title: Edamame Salad with Wasabi Dressing, picturelink: KHI2mVnzSwXfQUZcFuLXJit9NPiXh.}, 10118: {instructions: Into a slow cooker, put the onions, carrots, mushrooms, and potatoes.nSeason the roast with salt and pepper. In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, brown the meat on all sides in oil. When it is browned, put it in the slow cooker on top of the vegetables.nIn a small bowl, stir together the cream of celery soup, onion soup mix, beef broth, and steak sauce. Pour over top of roast. Cover and cook on high setting for 3 to 4 hours or low for 8 to 9 hours., ingredients: [One 12ounce bag frozen onions, One 8ounce bag frozen baby carrots, One 8ounce package sliced mushrooms, 12 pound small new potatoes, halved, 4 pounds beef chuck roast, rinsed and patted dry, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, One 10.75ounce can condensed cream of celery soup, 1 packet onion soup mix, 1 cup lowsodium beef broth, 14 cup steak sauce], title: Beef Pot Roast, picturelink: null}, 10119: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Add onions and sweat them 15 minutes  do not let brown. Once the onions are sweet and tender, add livers and raise heat just a bit. Cook until livers are firm and cooked through, another 5 to 6 minutes.nWhile livers cook, place bread on a cookie sheet and bake in oven to dry out and toast, 5 to 6 minutes. Cut toasted bread slices corner to corner. Pile toast triangles into a bread basket.nCombine salt, pepper and thyme and sprinkle over the livers and onions. Place mixture in food processor in batches and grind into smooth spread. Transfer to a serving bowl.nFill ramekins or other small dishes with cornichons, shallots, mustard, and capers and arrange around the warm spread and toast basket., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, 3 large onions, thinly sliced, 1 pound chicken livers, rinsed, dried, and trimmed of any connective tissues, 8 slices sprouted wheat bread or pumpernickel bread, About 1 teaspoon salt, 12 palm full, 12 teaspoon black pepper, eyeball it, 12 teaspoon ground thyme, eyeball it, 1 small jar cornichons or baby sweet gherkins, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 12 cup grainy Dijon mustard, 14 cup capers, drained], title: Elsas Warm Chicken Liver Spread with The Works, picturelink: null}, 10120: {instructions: Heat oven to 250 degrees F.nStand meat on its wider cut end on a solid work surface. Fold a kitchen towel once or twice, lengthwise, into a wide band and drape it loosely around the upright meat like a scarf. Gather the ends and twist to form a tight collar that will hold meat in a round shape during pounding grasp securely in 1 hand. With the other hand, pound top of meat with a meat mallet, until flattened into an oval steak, about 2 inches thick and 5 to 7 inches wide.nHeat a medium grill pan over high heat to very hot. Rub steak with oil and season with salt and pepper.nPlace steak on grill pan at an angle to ridges, and cook until clearly marked, 2 12 to 3 minutes. Turn, maintaining same angle and repeat on second side. Turn again, rotating so visible grill marks are perpendicular to ridges. Cook until a crisscross is clearly marked, 2 12 to 3 minutes. Turn once more, maintaining same angle, and grill so second side has been on grill exactly as long as first side. Brown steak on outside edge, holding with tongs or propping against a potato shifting meat so entire edge gets browned. Grill a total of 10 to 12 minutes, depending on thickness of steak and desired degree of doneness.nMeat will be barely springy to the touch, indicating that it is still rare inside. Transfer to a small shallow roasting pan and place in oven for 15 minutes. Remove to a cutting board, slice thinly on the bias. Place on a warm serving platter and pour pan juices over.nSauce Bernaise:n2 tablespoons tarragon vinegarn2 tablespoons dry white winen14 cup very finely chopped shallotsn14 teaspoon ground black pepper, more if desiredn1 tablespoon finely chopped tarragon leavesn3 egg large yolksn6 to 8 ounces 1 to 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, very softnCoarse saltnPepper, if desirednLemon juice, if desirednCombine vinegar, wine, shallots, black pepper, and 1 12 teaspoons tarragon in a small saucepan. Cook over medium heat until reduced to 1 tablespoon, 5 to 10 minutes.nAdd egg yolks and 1 tablespoon water to reduced vinegar mixture. Whisk until thick and pale, about 2 minutes. Set pan over moderately low heat and continue to whisk at reasonable speed reaching all over bottom and insides of pan, where eggs tend to overcook. To moderate heat, frequently move pan off burner for a few seconds, then back on. As they cook, the eggs will become frothy and increase in volume, then thicken. When the bottom of the pan is visible in the streaks left by the whisk and the eggs are thick and smooth, remove from heat.nBy spoonfuls, add soft butter, whisking constantly to incorporate each addition. As the emulsion forms, add butter in slightly larger amounts, always whisking until fully absorbed. Continue incorporating butter until sauce has thickened to consistency desired. Season with salt, remaining 1 12 teaspoons chopped tarragon and, if desired, pepper. Add a few droplets of lemon juice if necessary.nYield: about 1 cup, ingredients: [1 20ounce piece beef tenderloin, cut from large end head, 1 teaspoon olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, Bearnaise Sauce, recipe follows], title: Chateaubriand, picturelink: null}, 10121: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: MoneySaving Meals, picturelink: null}, 10122: {instructions: Whisk together the whole cumin, lemon juice, 12 cup olive oil, honey, and pepper in a medium baking dish. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover, and marinate for 1 hour in the refrigerator.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a large ovenproof saute pan over medium high heat. Remove chicken from marinade and wipe off any excess. Combine the ground cumin, cotija, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Dust the chicken on the skin side with the mixture.nHeat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet. Place the chicken, skin side down, in the pan and cook until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Turn over and place in the oven. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, or until just cooked through.nServe drizzled with the Mango Garlic Sauce and with the Green Onion Pesto Mashed Potatoes.nCombine chicken stock, peppercorns, and garlic in a medium saucepan and cook until reduced to 3 cups. Strain into a bowl.nPlace both vinegars in a separate medium saucepan and cook until reduced by 12. Add the sugar and mango puree, and reduce until the sauce coats the back of a spoon thickly.nAdd the reduced chicken stock and cook for 10 minutes over medium heat until thickened, stirring occasionally. Season with salt and pepper.nPlace potatoes in a large pot of salted water and bring to a boil. Cook until soft, about 25 to 30 minutes. Drain well and run through a food mill into a large bowl. Stir in the butter and cream and mix until combined. Swirl in the Green Onion Pesto and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCombine pumpkin seeds, garlic, spinach, and cilantro in food processor and process until smooth. Add green onions and lime juice, and process until smooth.nWith the motor running, slowly add the oil. Add the Parmesan, honey, salt, and pepper, and pulse several times until combined., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cumin seeds, toasted, plus 3 tablespoons toasted cumin seeds, ground, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons honey, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 8 ounce frenched, skin on chicken breasts, 13 cup grated cotija cheese, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Mango Garlic Sauce, recipe follows, Green Onion Pesto Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, 8 cups homemade chicken stock do not use canned for this recipe, 8 whole black peppercorns, 1 head roasted garlic, pureed, 3 cups red wine vinegar, 1 cup white wine vinegar, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 3 mangos, peeled, pitted and pureed, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 pounds baking potatoes, like russets, peeled and cut into large cubes, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup heavy cream, scalded, Green Onion Pesto, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons pumpkin seeds, 2 cloves garlic, 6 spinach leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 6 green onions, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 14 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Cumin Crusted Chicken with Cotija and MangoGarlic Sauce with Green Onion Pesto Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 10123: {instructions: For the sandwich: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Have the pork at room temperature. Season it with salt and pepper. Put the roast into a baking pan and roast until the internal temperature reaches 150 degrees F, 40 to 45 minutes. Cover the pork with foil and let it rest for 15 minutes. If not using right away, the roast can be wrapped and refrigerated for up to 2 days. When you are ready to make the sandwich, thinly slice about threequarters of the pork roast reserve the remaining onequarter for Round 2 Recipe Black Bean and Pork Stew.nHeat a grill pan over medium heat. Spread a thin layer of mustard on both sides of the bread pieces. Place 2 slices ham on the bottom half of each. Top with the sliced pork roast, then the pickles, and then the Swiss cheese. Place the top half of the baguette on top. Brush the grill with canola oil and place the sandwiches, cheese side down, onto the grill. Set a baking sheet on top of the sandwich and weigh it down with a heavy skillet or pot. Cook until the bottom is crisp and the cheese is starting to melt, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip the sandwich over, replace the baking sheet and weight, and cook another 3 to 4 minutes.nFor the plantain chips: In a 2inch deep cast iron skillet, heat the oil to 350 degrees F.nPeel the plantains by slicing off about 1inch from the top and bottom of each. With a paring knife, make a slice on each side the length of the plantain, making sure to go just deep enough to cut through the skin but not cut into the flesh. Peel the skin off to expose the flesh. If you have trouble peeling the skin then cut it off in strips with the knife. Cut each plantain in half and, using the slicing side of a box grater, slice the halves into thin chips.nCook the plantain slices in batches until they crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on brown paper or paper towels and season with salt., ingredients: [1 1 12pound pork rib loin end roast, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large French baguette, halved lengthwise and cut in quarters, 14 cup spicy brown mustard, 13 pound thinly sliced deli ham, 1 large dill pickle, thinly sliced lengthwise, 14 pound thinly sliced Swiss cheese, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 cups canola oil, for frying, 2 large green plantains, Kosher salt], title: Cuban Sandwich with Plantain Chips, picturelink: null}, 10124: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nOn a round pizza stone or pan or on a rectangular baking sheet, using flour or cornmeal to dust the dough, spread out the dough to form your crust. If you are using a baking sheet, drizzle pan with extravirgin olive oil then set crust in place. Poke the pizza dough in several areas with the tines of a fork. Drizzle the dough with extravirgin olive oil then season it with finely chopped rosemary and a little salt. Place in oven 10 minutes.nHeat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, then the meat. Brown and crumble meat a couple of minutes, then add onions and garlic. Season the meat with salt and pepper then work in the tomato paste using the back of a wooden spoon to combine. Stir in the cheese, parsley and oregano.nRemove pizza crust from oven and top with meat. Arrange cheese over the pizza, working to edges. Return the pizza to the oven and bake until cheese is golden, another 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [1 pizza dough, store bought or from your favorite pizza shop, A palm full allpurpose flour or cornmeal, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, plus 2 tablespoons u2013 2 turns of the pan, 2 tablespoons finely chopped rosemary leaves, a couple of sprigs, Coarse salt, 1 12 pounds ground sirloin, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 4 to 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Black pepper, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, A handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 34 pound fresh mozzarella or brick mozzarella, your choice, sliced or grated], title: Mega Meatball Pizza, picturelink: vQrM333oh9xwQ.P2U7HrZnMBZb8x8e}, 10125: {instructions: Add 2 quarts of water to a medium stockpot and bring to a boil. Add macaroni and cook until it is al dente, approximately 9 minutes. Do not overcook the pasta or it will fall apart when the salad is tossed together. Rinse macaroni until cool. Drain well and let it dry out slightly.nAdd pasta to a large bowl. Carefully fold in celery, onion, Cheddar, Swiss cheese, Parmesan, dill pickles, salami, and black olives. Refrigerate the mixture, uncovered, overnight or refrigerate for at least 2 hours.nMix the Lowrys garlic salt, minced garlic, white pepper, black pepper, cayenne pepper, dry mustard and celery salt together. Add to salad. Fold in the pimentos. Fold in 1 cup of mayonnaise to start. Add up to a 12 cup more of mayonnaise if needed. Refrigerate again for 30 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [One 16ounce package salad macaroni or ditali pasta, 1 cup celery, diced, 1 cup red onion, diced, 1 cup yellow or white onion, diced, 1 cup medium Cheddar, diced, 1 cup Swiss cheese, diced, 12 cup Parmesan, grated, 1 cup dill pickles, diced, 1 cup salami, diced, One 6ounce can large pitted black olives, drained or 1 cup diced or sliced, 1 to 2 tablespoons Lowrys garlic salt, 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh minced garlic, 14 teaspoon dried horseradish, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 to 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon celery salt, One 3ounce jar diced pimentos, rinsed and drained, 1 to 1 12 cups mayonnaise], title: Dunkleys Famous Macaroni Salad, picturelink: null}, 10126: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor, add the potatoes, flour, eggs, and shallots. Pulse until everything is just blended and the consistency of the batter is chunky. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add a thin layer of oil. Pour about 1 tablespoon of the batter into the skillet for each pancake. Cook until lightly browned on both sides. Remove the pancakes from the pan to a plate and allow them to cool to room temperature.nCut the salmon into small dice and put them into a bowl. Add the capers, 1 tablespoon of olive oil, a few drops of lemon juice, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Mix well, taste, and adjust the seasoning. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nPut the baby spinach and the frisee into a small bowl. Add the chives and 1 tablespoon of the dill and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add a teaspoon of lemon juice and a drizzle of olive oil and toss to coat well.nTo serve, put ring mold on a serving plate and add a pancake. Top it with some of the salad and fill it with 2 tablespoons of the tartare, pressing it in gently. Lift off the ring mold. Put a teaspoon of Dill Creme Fraiche onto the plate and run the back of the spoon through it to spread it in a line across the plate. Top the Dill Creme Fraiche with 12 teaspoon of the salmon roe. Garnish with the remaining chopped fresh dill. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nDill Creme Fraiche:nStir all ingredients together in a small bowl.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [1 12 pounds unpeeled Yukon gold potatoes, rinsed and roughly chopped, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, 12 cup chopped shallots, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, 1 pound sushi grade salmon, boneless and skinless, 1 tablespoon capers in brine, drained, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Fresh lemon juice, 1 cup baby spinach, 1 cup frisee leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, Dill Creme Fraiche, recipe follows, 4 ounces fresh salmon roe, 1 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Potato Pancakes with Salmon Tartare and Dill Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 10127: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason shanks on both sides with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat oil in a large rondeau until almost smoking. Add shanks and sear on both sides until golden brown. Remove shanks to a plate.nAdd onion, carrots, celery, and thyme to the pan, season with salt and pepper and cook until the vegetables are golden brown. Return the lamb to the pan, add the wine, and cook until completely reduced. Add stock to cover and bring to a boil. Cover and place in the oven. Cook for approximately 2 12 hours or until the meat is very tender.nStrain sauce through a fine strainer into a medium saucepan. Add the serrano, sugar, and vinegar and cook until reduced by 12. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nServe with Sweet Potato Risotto with Roasted Chanterelles.nPlace water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Heat oil and butter in a medium highsided saute pan. Add onion, season with salt and pepper, and cook until soft. Add rice and toss to coat in the mixture. Add wine and cook until completely reduced. Add 2 cups of the boiling water and cook until absorbed. Continue adding 1 cup of water at a time and cook, stirring often, until all liquid is absorbed. Repeat until rice is al dente.nStir in the sweet potato and mix until combined. Add the butter and Parmesan, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Fold in the pine nuts and reserved chanterelles, and scrape the mixture into a bowl. Drizzle with the balsamic glaze and the white truffle oil.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace mushrooms in a medium baking pan, toss with oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Roast until golden brown, about 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [4 lamb shanks, scored on narrow end with knife, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 2 carrots, coarsely chopped, 2 celery stalks, coarsely chopped, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 cups dry red wine, 4 to 6 cups homemade chicken stock, 2 serrano peppers, finely diced, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 1 cup red wine vinegar, Sweet Potato Risotto with Roasted Chanterelles, recipe follows, 8 to 10 cups water, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups arborio rice, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 large sweet potato, baked, peeled and pureed, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, lightly toasted, 2 cups balsamic vinegar, reduced to 14 cup, Roasted Chanterelles, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons truffle oil, 12 pound chanterelles, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Lamb Shanks with Sweet Potato Risotto and Serrano Vinegar Sauce, picturelink: null}, 10128: {instructions: Heat bacon drippings in large, deep skillet over moderate heat 1 minute. Add onion and bell peppers and cook, stirring often, until onion is limp and golden, 5 to 8 minutes. Mix in garlic, curry powder, marjoram, thyme, and cayenne and cook and stir 2 minutes.nAdd tomatoes, chicken, currants, salt and black pepper adjust heat so mixture bubbles gently, cover, and cook, stirring now and then, until flavors mingle and chicken is heated throughabout 15 minutes. Mix in parsley, taste for salt and pepper, and adjust as needed.nMound rice in heated, large, deep platter, ladle chicken mixture on top, sprinkle with almonds and serve.nBring water to rapid boil in large 4 12quart heavy saucepan over high heat. Add rice, stir well, then return to rapid bowl. Adjust heat so water stays at gentle but steady ripple and cook uncovered until all water is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Do not stir. Fluff rice gently with fork and cool 1 hour. Do not cover. Fluff rice gently again, then spoon lightlydo not packinto plastic storage containers, snap on lids, label and date. Set in refrigerator or freezer.nTo reheat refrigerated or frozen rice, pile rice in large fine sieve, fork lightly to separate, and balance sieve on top of large, heavy saucepan over 2 inches boiling water. Cover loosely with lid or foil and steam just until heated through, 3 to 5 minutes, but times will vary according to amount of rice being reheated and whether its refrigerated or frozen. Fluff with fork and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons bacon drippings or vegetable oil, 1 large yellow onion, coarsely chopped, 1 large green bell pepper, cored, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 1 large red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon dried marjoram, crumbled, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled, 14 teaspoon ground hot red pepper cayenne, 3 14 12ounce cans crushed tomatoes, with their liquid, 1 3pound rotisserie chicken from deli counter, cut up as for frying or 2 pounds boneless cooked turkey breast, cubed, 12 cup dried currants, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 14 cup minced parsley, 3 cups Al Dente MakeAhead Rice, reheated, recipe follows, 34 cup toasted slivered almonds, 2 quarts water, 4 cups uncooked converted white rice no substitute], title: ZipQuick Country Captain, picturelink: null}, 10129: {instructions: Fill a 4quart kettle three fourths full of salted water and bring to a boil for beans and orzo. Chop onion and mince garlic. Quarter and seed tomatoes. Cut quarters lengthwise into 14 inch thick slices. In a large skillet cook onion and garlic in oil over moderated heat until onion is softened. Add tomatoes and cook, stirring, until tomatoes are softened, about 2 minutes. Remove skillet from heat.nHave ready a bowl of ice and cold water. In boiling salted water blanch beans 1 minute. With a slotted spoon transfer beans to ice water to stop cooking. Drain beans well in a colander and pat dry. Add beans to tomato mixture and return water in kettle to a boil. Boil orzo until al dente and drain in colander. Add orzo to bean mixture with vinegar. parsley, feta, and salt and pepper to taste, tossing to combine well., ingredients: [1 pound haricots verts thin French green beans or green beans, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 cups orzo riceshaped pasta, 1 large onion, 2 garlic cloves, 2 large vineripened tomatoes, 2 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleafed parsley leaves, 1 12 cups crumbled feta about 10 ounces, salt and pepper to taste], title: Orzo with Feta, Green Beans, and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 10130: {instructions: Arrange the banana chips in a petal pattern on the cupcake. Put the piece of the fruit in the center., ingredients: [8 dried banana chips, 1 frosted cupcake about 2 tablespoons frosting works best, 1 small piece brightly colored fresh or dried fruit], title: Banana Chip, picturelink: KZmERFhrO5bFnOGUUNGFfJgNsCTvc6e}, 10131: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix all the ingredients except the chocolate together in a bowl. The recipe can be made up to this point and kept refrigerated up to 3 days in advance.nScoop the mixture with a small 1 to 1 12inch ice cream scoop onto parchment lined cookie sheets, leaving 2 inches between the cookies. Bake until light golden, about 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool completely on the pans.nRemove from the pan and dip the bottoms in melted chocolate, then place back on the sheet tray to set up., ingredients: [Heaping 34 cup sugar, Scant 12 cup egg whites from about 3 eggs, 34 pound scant 2 12 cups sweetened desiccated or flaked coconut not shredded, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted], title: Chocolate Dipped Coconut Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 10132: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn bowl combine eggs, pumpkin puree and oil. Add dry ingredients and mix well. Add cranberries and mix well. Divide dough into 2 8 by 4inch loaf pans. Bake for 50 minutes.nNote: A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [4 eggs, 2 cups pumpkin puree, 1 cup vegetable oil, 4 cups sugar, 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons pumpkin pie spice, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 cups cranberries], title: Cranberry Pumpkin Bread, picturelink: 38yYOaQBKTWq821tdLWNMoBM047WOMK}, 10133: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the condensed milk to a small saucepan. Pour the chips into the pan, give a stir, and make sure that the milk coats all the chips. Add a pinch of salt. Cook over low heat until its melted and glossy and a looks like a thick, hot fudge.nAdd the vanilla and walnuts, making sure to coat the nuts with the fudge. I like to make double triple batches of this and freeze the extra.nLine the bottom and sides of a 9inch square baking pan with foil. You want to leave about 4 inches of overhang on the 2 opposite sides. These serve as your handles to remove the fudge from the pan in 1 piece, so make sure that there is enough of the overhang for you to have a solid grip.nPour the fudge into the pan and smooth it out, getting it in all the corners. Let the fudge come to room temperature, then put in the fridge for 3 hours or so. This will make it easier to cut.nPop out of the pan and cut into little pieces., ingredients: [1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup milk chocolate chips, Fine sea salt, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup chopped walnuts], title: Fabulous Fudge, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 10134: {instructions: In large nonstick frying pan, melt butter and oil. Add onions and mushrooms and cook, covered, for about 3 to 7 minutes or until mushrooms start to soften. Remember, leave the lid on to keep it from drying out. When mushrooms have softened, add lemon juice along with seasonings and sour cream. Mix well. Add cooked pasta and heat thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper, if needed, and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon oil, 2 large onions, chopped, 14 pound shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 14 pound oyster mushrooms, sliced, 14 pound chanterelle mushrooms, sliced, 14 pound morel mushrooms, Juice from 12 lemon, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 12 pint nonfat sour cream, 12 ounces cooked pasta, your favorite I prefer angel hair, 13 to 12 cup nuts, chopped], title: Mushroom Stroganoff, picturelink: null}, 10135: {instructions: Heat a skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the ginger and apples to warm butter, squeeze a little lemon juice over the pan and saute 4 to 5 minutes. Add brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg to the apples and cook another 2 minutes. Spoon apples into dessert dishes and top with ice cream and whipped cream. Garnish whipped cream with a pinch more cinnamon or nutmeg., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 1inch piece fresh ginger, grated or minced, 3 Golden Delicious apples, quartered, cored and sliced, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 1 canister whipped cream], title: Apples, No Pie, a la Mode, picturelink: KGX9bDhPq7LmNT4kQW4q6nqgJvtDSNi}, 10136: {instructions: Starting a day ahead, place the dried beans in a large bowl and cover with cold water soak the beans overnight in the refrigerator. In a separate bowl, soak the salt cured beef in cool water to cover to tenderize the meat, do this overnight also but change the water a couple of times. Drain the beans and carne seca cut up the cured beef into chunks.nCoat a large heavy pot with the oil and place over medium heat. When the oil is hot, add the salt pork, onions, garlic, pepper, and bay leaves. Cook and stir for 5 minutes to render out the pork fat and soften the vegetables. Add the ham hocks, sausage, ribs, cubed beef, carne seca, and black beans. Cover with just enough cold water to cover about 212 quarts. Bring the liquid to a boil and then reduce to mediumlow heat, cover, and simmer for 2 hours, stirring now and again. Skim any foam that rises to the surface during cooking and add more water if necessary to keep the ingredients covered during cooking.nDig the ham hocks out of the pot, discard the rind and fat, shred the meat, and return the ham to the pot. The beans should be really tender, like they are almost bursting. Mash about 1 cup of the beans against the side of the pot to cream them out. Give the stew a good stir, taste and check for seasoning.nTo serve, ladle some of the bean broth into shot glasses or little cups, add a dash of hot pepper sauce and drink u00bf this is traditionally done to get the palate prepared for the feijoada. Serve feijoada in large wide bowls, garnished with orange segments and accompanied by collard greens and white rice.nTo prepare the greens: cut away the tough stalks and stems from the collards and discard any leaves that are bruised or yellow. Fill the sink with water and salt, the salt helps to remove any impurities. Wash the collards thoroughly to remove the grit, 2 or 3 times, until the water runs clear. Dry thoroughly. Stack up several leaves and roll up lengthwise in a bundle, cut them into 1inch ribbons. Repeat until all the leaves are shredded.nBring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil blanch the collard greens for 3 minutes until tender but still bright green. Drain the greens well.nHeat a large deep skillet over medium flame and coat with the oil. Add the garlic and saute for 2 minutes to soften. Add the blanched greens and toss well with the oil and garlic. Pour in the chicken broth and cook for 5 minutes until the greens are wilted and tender take care not to overcook. Season with salt and pepper and serve with the feijoada., ingredients: [2 pounds dried black turtle beans, picked through and rinsed, 1 pound salt cured beef, such as carne seca or corned beef, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound salt pork, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 medium white onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 1 serrano pepper, halved, 2 bay leaves, 1 pound smoked ham hocks, 1 pound linguica or Spanish chorizo sausage, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 pound pork ribs, separated into individual ribs, 1 pound beef stew meat, top round or chuck, cut into 2inch cubes, Hot sauce, 2 oranges, peeled and cut in segments, Collard Greens, recipe follows, Cooked white rice, for serving, 2 bunches collard or kale greens, about 2 pounds, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, 1 cup chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Brazilian Feijoada, picturelink: p5oZxBE6QDushmEgpxc4hhgjGZ.idee}, 10137: {instructions: For the pasta dough: In a food processor, pulse the flours and salt together to blend. With the machine running, add the eggs, 1 at a time, allowing each to incorporate into the flour mixture. Once incorporated, slowly add the olive oil and continue blending until the mixture starts to form a ball. Remove the ball to a lightly floured work surface and knead it until it is smooth, about 10 minutes. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and let it rest for 1 hour. While the dough rests, make the filling.nFor the filling: Put the edamame, tofu, and truffle oil into the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. Transfer this mixture into a large bowl and fold in the orange zest, mascarpone, crabmeat, and basil and season with salt and pepper, to tastenRoll the pasta: Set the pasta roller on the widest setting. Start with half the pasta dough. Using your hands flatten the dough as much as you can to facilitate it going through the pasta roller. Run the dough through the roller twice dusting it with flour in between rolls if it feels sticky. Fold it into thirds, turn it 90 degrees, and run it through the pasta machine 2 to 3 times. Continue to run the pasta through the machine, reducing the setting between each run, until you get to the second to last setting.nMake the ravioli: Lay the pasta sheet on a floured work surface. With a 3inch round cutter, cut out the ravioli circles. Spoon 1 teaspoon of filling into the center of each round. Lightly brush the edges with water, fold the circles over to form half moons, and press to seal the edges. Make sure you get out any air bubbles or your ravioli will explode when you cook them. Transfer them to a sheet tray coated with flour or semolina. Cover and set aside until you are ready to cook them.nMake the sauce: In a medium saucepan over high heat, add the white wine, sherry, shallots, ginger, and bay leaf. Bring to a boil and reduce until syrupy. Add the cream and cook until it is reduced slightly. Turn the heat to mediumlow, remove the bay leaf, and whisk in the butter bit by bit, being careful not to let the sauce boil. When all the butter is incorporated, add the orange juice. Stir in the basil and keep warm.nTo serve: Cook the ravioli in a large pot of boiling salted water over mediumhigh heat. Drain. Arrange 2 or 3 ravioli on each pasta plate and drizzle with the Orange Beurre Blanc. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup semolina flour, plus extra for dusting, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 large eggs, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup shelled edamame soy beans, cooked until very tender, 12 container 4ounces soft tofu, 1 teaspoon truffle oil, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 14 cup mascarpone, 8 ounces fresh Dungeness crabmeat, 1 tablespoon basil chiffonade, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, 3 shallots, peeled and chopped, 1 tablespoon peeled and chopped ginger, 1 bay leaf, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 sticks 8ounces unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 orange, juiced, 2 tablespoons fresh basil chiffonade], title: Edamame and Crab Ravioli with Orange Beurre Blanc, picturelink: null}, 10138: {instructions: Place the lobsters in a heavy stockpot filled with boiling water boil until they float, about 15 minutes. Remove from the water and put in an ice bath. When chilled, shell the meat and clean by removing any cartilage in the claw and deveining the tail. Chop the lobster into bitesize chunks.nMix the lobster chunks, mayo, celery and lemon juice in a large bowl. Season the salad with salt and pepper.nToast the buns with butter on a griddle top or in a pan until golden brown. Divide the lobster salad among the buns. Garnish with chives., ingredients: [4 1 14 to 1 12pounds whole lobsters, 1 cup mayonnaise recommended: Hellmanns and Best Foods, 12 stalk celery, minced, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 topsplit hot dog rolls, Butter, for grilling, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives], title: Eds Lobster Roll, picturelink: null}, 10139: {instructions: Mix together the cream cheese, capers, chives and dill in a small bowl. Set aside.nCut a thin slice away from the top and bottom of each bagel using a serrated knife, and then slice the bagels in half horizontally reserve bagel scraps for another purpose, such as homemade breadcrumbs.nAssemble the sandwiches by spreading each bagel half with 2 teaspoons of the cream cheese mixture. Top with the smoked salmon, tomatoes, onions and cucumbers. Transfer the sandwiches to a panini press or a nonstick skillet and cook until the bagels are toasted on each side., ingredients: [3 ounces lowfat cream cheese, softened, 2 teaspoons chopped capers, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh dill, 2 wholegrain bagels, unsliced, 4 ounces smoked salmon, thinly sliced, 2 large slices tomato, 14 red onion, thinly sliced, Sliced cucumber], title: Pressed Bagel Sandwich, picturelink: eJqs4k57Dh7pWO6VckoVsyvAtHf3vfW}, 10140: {instructions: In a food processor, process crackers, butter, sugar and cinnamon until crumbly. Press into 9 pie plate and chill until firm about 20 minutes.nIn a large bowl mix together the softened ice cream with the orange zest and pour into pie plate. Freeze until firm about 3 hours. Serve each slice of pie with some of the strawberries, ingredients: [20 graham crackers, 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, softened, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 2 cups frozen strawberries with sugar syrup, thawed at room temperature], title: Strawberry Ice Cream Pie, picturelink: null}, 10141: {instructions: Mix the first 8 ingredients beef through panko together and form into 4 patties. Grill or broil patties to desired doneness, about 5 minutes on each side. Divide rice between 4 plates and top each with a patty, 1 egg, teriyaki sauce, and gravy., ingredients: [16 ounces ground beef, 2 ounces ground pork, 1 egg, 1 onion, diced, Garlic salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 cups panko Japanese bread crumbs, 1 cup cooked rice, 4 eggs, cooked, poached or fried, Teriyaki sauce, Brown gravy], title: Sugois Teri Loco Moco, picturelink: null}, 10142: {instructions: To prepare the fish: Line a sheet tray with parchment paper and arrange the sliced bass in a single layer. In a small sauce pot, bring 14 pound unsalted butter and vermouth to a high simmer, melting butter. Remove from heat. When slightly cooled, brush both sides of fish with butter glaze.nTo form the rosace: Take one strip of bass and wrap tightly around your index finger. Remove your finger and tightly wrap another strip around centerpiece. Repeat procedure until you have formed a rose approximately 7 strips per rose. When rose is shaped, fan out top of rose by bending top part of the fish backwards to give it a petal shape.nTo prepare steamer: Fill the bottom half of steamer with lemon grass, onion, celery, carrot, 2 sprigs of thyme, bay leaf, half of the peppercorns and half bottle of champagnenTo prepare the lemon sauce: In a medium rondeau, sweat shallots with olive oil over medium heat. When translucent, add lemon peels, juice of lemon, garlic, remaining thyme, and peppercorns. Deglaze with remaining champagne and reduce until dry. Add heavy cream and reduce. Remove from heat and whisk in cubed butter one at a time. Season with salt and pepper. Strain through a chinois or fine mesh cap. Reserve and keep warm.nTo prepare zucchini: Cut into 4 14inch segments. Quarter each segment and tournee into leaf shapes. Blanch into boiling salted water. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until tender. Remove from heat and shock in ice bath for 1 to 2 minutes. Reserve.nTo plate: Bring liquid in steamer unit to boil. Arrange rosace in the top part of the steamer unit and cover. Steam for 7 to 9 minutes until fish is cooked and moist. In a small saute pan, melt 1 tablespoon butter with chicken stock to form a glaze. Add zucchini and warm through. When bass is cooked, remove from steamer and dry the base of the rose. Place on the left side of the plate. To the right, arrange the zucchini petals into a leaf shape. Place 2 to 3 pepper strips at the base of the zucchini petals to form the stem. In a small bowl, combine caviar with a small amount of lemon sauce. Spoon sauce around the base of the rose. Top off with lemon segments and chervil. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 7pound striped sea bass fillet, bones removed, cut into long thin strips, 34 pound unsalted butter 12 pound cubed, plus 1 tablespoon, 3 tablespoons vermouth, 1 pound lemon grass stalks, 1 onion, roughly chopped, 1 celery stalk, roughly chopped, 1 carrot, roughly chopped, 4 sprigs of thyme, 1 bay leaf, 1 bottle champagne, Handful of peppercorns, 8 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 lemons, peels removed and cut in half, reserved, 1 garlic clove, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 medium zucchini, 14 cup chicken stock, 12 red bell pepper, skin removed, julienned, 1ounce caviar, such as Sevruga or Beluga, Chervil to garnish, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Bass Rosace, Steamed in Lemon Grass, Served with Caviar and Lemon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 10143: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the cranberries and orange juice in a small saucepan, and bring just to a simmer over medium heat. Remove berries from the heat, and set aside to cool and plump. Drain off any excess liquid and set aside.nLightly brush a 12muffin tin with butter. Sift the flour, baking powder, and salt into a medium bowl and set aside.nIn a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or with an electric handheld mixer in a large bowl, cream the butter, orange zest, and 23 cup sugar until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Remove the bowl from the mixer.nFold the flour in 3 parts into the butter mixture, alternating with the milk in 2 parts, until just combined. Fold in the cranberries. Do not over mix. Divide the batter evenly into the muffin tin and sprinkle the tops with sugar. Bake until golden brown, about 25 minutes. Cool muffins in the pan on a rack. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup dried cranberries, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, plus more for preparing the muffin tin, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 23 cup granulated sugar, plus up to 1 tablespoon for topping the muffins, if desired, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup milk], title: Cranberry Orange Muffins, picturelink: 35uroxYG6LpsgA42pdhEcDbVDKLn396}, 10144: {instructions: Combine the sugar, water, and orange rind in a saucepan. Bring to a boil and boil 3 to 4 minutes then set aside to cool. Place the yolks in a bowl of a stand mixer and mix on low speed, slowly pouring the sugar syrup into the yolks while beating. Beat at high speed for 10 to 12 minutes. Add 14 cup of the orange liqueur and beat 3 minutes on high speed. Fold in the whipped cream. Pour about 2inches of the mixture into a 4 cup souffle mold or individual molds. Sprinkle with the remaining orange liqueur and crumbled lady fingers. Fill the mold to the top and refrigerate the remainder of the mixture. Place a waxed paper collar around the souffle dish and place in the freezer for 1 hour or until firm. When firm, add the remaining cream to the mold and freeze until frozen. Just before serving, sprinkle the top with the cocoa. Remove the collar and serve immediately. Garnish with seasonal fresh berries., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon grated orange rind, 18 egg yolks, 34 cup orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, divided, 2 12 cups heavy cream, whipped, 6 ladyfingers, crumbled, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 1 cup fresh berries such as strawberries, blackberries or any in season], title: Frozen Souffle, picturelink: null}, 10145: {instructions: Whisk together the mustard, agave, shallot and orange and lime zests in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the beer until combined. Slowly drizzle in the oil, whisking constantly, until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with salad., ingredients: [2 teaspoons stoneground mustard, 1 tablespoon agave nectar, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, 12 cup pale ale beer, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: CitrusBeer Dressing, picturelink: bhidZb.TFqB2ETYy2tHX3Z7mgtzT1q}, 10146: {instructions: In a small shallow bowl, mash the raspberries with the sugar until sugar is dissolved and mixture is smooth. Pour about a tablespoon of the puree into each of 4 Champagne flutes. Slowly fill each glass with Champagne careful  it will fizz up and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup raspberries, rinsed, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 750ml bottle Champagne, prosecco or other sparkling wine, chilled], title: Raspberry Bellinis, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 10147: {instructions: Breading the veal chops: Season pounded veal chops with salt and fresh ground pepper and dust with flour. Combine bread crumbs, basil, and oregano. Dip veal chops in lightly beaten eggs and place in bread crumb mixture. Saute breaded veal chops over mediumhigh heat in preheated saute pan with olive oil until golden brown on each side. Remove veal chops from saute pan and place on paper towels to drain excess oil.nIn a hot saute pan, brown the butter. Add capers, parsley, and lime juice. Drizzle sauce over veal chops and serve with fried eggplant.nSeason eggplant cubes with salt and freshly ground pepper. Dust eggplant with flour, shaking off excess. Deepfry in hot canola oil until golden brown. Remove eggplant from oil and place on paper towels to drain excess oil. Place on platter with breaded veal chop. Drizzle with balsamic vinegar and extravirgin olive oil. Season with ground sea salt., ingredients: [4 12ounce boneless veal chops, pounded very thin, Salt and ground pepper, 12 cup flour, 3 cups white bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon chopped oregano, 4 whole eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon capers, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 2 limes, juiced, Salt and pepper, Fried Eggplant, recipe follows, 2 mediumsize eggplants, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 quart canola oil, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt], title: Costolette Alla Milanse with Melanzone Fritti, picturelink: null}, 10148: {instructions: In a large, heavy bottomed pot, heat oil. Add the lamb and saute until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Remove lamb to a plate. Add the onion and saute until soft. Add the garlic and saute for 2 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the butter and melt. Add the flour to make a roux. Lower the heat and cook the roux until it is brown, about 15 minutes. Whisk in the wine and stock and raise the heat to medium high. Add in the reserved lamb. Add the mustard. Bring to a boil and reduce the heat to low. Cook over low heat for about 30 minutes, or until liquid is slightly reduced and thick. In a separate saute pan, saute the mushrooms until wilted. Add the mushrooms to the stew. Add the potatoes and simmer another 30 minutes, or until potatoes are tender. Add the thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Garnish with toasted pumpkin seeds., ingredients: [Olive oil, 3 pounds lamb shoulder, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 onion, diced, 2 tablespoons garlic, minced, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup flour, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 1 cup red wine, 3 cups veal stock, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 cups wild mushrooms, sliced, 1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 12 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 2 tablespoon fresh thyme, 12 cup pumpkin seeds, toasted], title: Sweet Potato and Wild Mushroom Irish Lamb Stew, picturelink: null}, 10149: {instructions: Break the spine of the pig with a cleaver from head to tail to allow the animal to lie flat on the grill. Marinate the pig for 2 hours before placing it over the coals.nPrepare the barbeque pit with coals. The coals are ready when they glow and are covered with a white ash. Have extra coals and oak wood on the side to add to the fire when needed, enough to keep the fire burning for 3 hours.nTo gauge the temperature of the fire pit, hold your hand 18 inches away from the coals. You should be able to hold your hand over the fire for 4 to 5 seconds before pulling it away. If you can hold your hand longer over the fire it means there is not enough heat, if less the coals are too hot.nRemove the pig from the marinade. Place the pig rib cage facing down towards the coals and cook for about 2 12 hours. Do not leave the fire unattended. Turn the pig on to its back and cook for another 12 to 1 hour, or until the pigs skin is crisp and the internal temperature reaches a minimum of 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Throughout the cooking time, check the fire temperature constantly and move the coals around to create a uniform temperature to prevent burning the pig.nOnce the pig is done cooking, serve with fresh salads, chimichurri, and plenty of Chilean wine.nMarinade:n3 cups vegetable oiln4 12 cups dry white wine recommended: Chilean Sauvignon Blancn1 12 cups chopped onions or scallionsn34 cup minced fresh Italian parsley leavesn3 teaspoons chopped garlicn6 teaspoons dried thymen6 teaspoons dried oreganon3 teaspoons black peppern3 teaspoons ground cuminn6 teaspoons saltnMix all ingredients together in a bowl. This marinade can be prepared a day in advance., ingredients: [1 15 to 20 pound suckling pig, 8 cups Marinade, recipe follows], title: Chilean Suckling Pig BBQ, picturelink: hciiqpSDafDfL7GLnu105XxXW7Lgzrm}, 10150: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Put the potatoes in a large pot and cover with cold water by 1 inch season with salt. Bring to a boil and cook over mediumhigh heat until just tender, about 7 minutes drain.nMeanwhile, pulse the bread in a food processor to make coarse crumbs combine with the olive oil, garlic, lemon zest, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Add the potatoes and toss.nArrange the potatoes cutside down on a baking sheet. Roast until golden and tender, about 10 minutes. Sprinkle with the parsley and parmesan continue roasting until golden brown, about 5 more minutes. Transfer to a serving dish, season with salt and serve with lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 pounds baby Yukon gold potatoes, halved, 1 12 pounds baby redskinned potatoes, halved, Kosher salt, 4 cups cubed dayold sourdough bread crusts removed, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, plus wedges for serving, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese about 1 ounce], title: LemonParmesan Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: zH5iB80P6u.1OXc0bO.1sWtHSgeVwhS}, 10151: {instructions: Pop your favorite popcorn right before party no butter just salted.nCombine the onion, celery, ginger, chile, and citrus juice with cilantro. Season with salt and pepper.nRight before serving, top each oyster with ceviche mix and serve with a big bowl of just popped popcorn., ingredients: [1 12 cups popped popcorn, 1 red onion, minced, 1 celery rib, minced, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 14 quarter habanero, minced, 4 lemons, juiced, 4 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper, 12 oysters, fresh, shucked just as guests are arriving, kept very cold], title: Oyster Ceviche in the Shell with Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 10152: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine the cinnamon, 13 cup of sugar, brown sugar and flour. With a pastry blender mix in the butter until it resembles coarse meal.nRoll out the chilled puff pastry dough on a lightly floured surface to a 18 inch thickness. Cut the dough into six 7 inch squares. Place on a baking sheet and refrigerate.nBlanch the peaches for 10 seconds in rapidly boiling water. Remove and drain. Peel the peaches, split in half, and remove the pits. Toss the halves in lemon juice and then in the cinnamon mixture. Reassemble the peach halves with the remaining cinnamon mixture in the cavity.nRemove baking sheet from refrigerator. Place a peach in the center of each square of dough. Paint the edges of the dough with cold water. Bring the points of the square together at the top and pinch the seams together to seal.nPaint the dumplings with the beaten egg. Sprinkle with the 2 teaspoons of sugar use crystal sugar for these two tablespoons if you have it available. Prick a few holes around the top to allow steam to escape. Bake for about 40 minutes or until the peaches are tender and the pastry has browned. When dumplings are done, remove from the baking sheet and allow to cool for 20 minutes.nTo serve, spoon some of the sauce onto each serving plate, place dumpling in the center and drizzle some additional sauce over the top. You may serve with vanilla or peach ice cream or peach sorbet recipe follows., ingredients: [34 teaspoon cinnamon, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 13 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsalted butter, chilled, 1 package frozen puff pastry dough, thawed but chilled, 6 medium, ripe peaches [must be freestone], 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 egg beaten with 1 teaspoon water, Caramel sauce], title: Fresh Peach Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 10153: {instructions: Prepare the lobster. Cut off claws and split in half lengthwise. Split the lobster lengthwise, from head to tail. Discard the stomach area. Cut into pieces. Place in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Lightly coat with potato starch, shaking off any excess starch.nPreheat peanut oil to 400 degrees F.nDeepfry the lobster pieces for 1 12 to 2 minutes. Remove from oil and drain on plate lined with paper towels. Reserve.nPrepare the bok choy, snow peas and leeks. Reserve.nTo prepare the sauce: In a wok, over high heat, combine the oil, sugar, fermented black beans and garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Stirfry for 10 seconds. Add sherry and reduce by half. Add all the prepared vegetables and continue to stirfry for another 10 seconds. Deglaze with lobster stock and add the reserved lobster pieces. Continue to stirfry another 20 seconds. Transfer to a heated plate and arrange the lobster pieces decoratively.nregular black beans can be substituted ., ingredients: [1 1 12 pound live Maine lobster, Salt and pepper, Potato starch, for coating, Peanut oil, for frying, 1 baby bok choy, trimmed, 2 ounces snow peas, trimmed, halved diagonally, 1 Japanese or wild leek, sliced diagonally, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon fermented black beans, chopped, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup sherry, Salt and pepper, 14 cup cold lobster stock plus 12 teaspoon cornstarch, whisked together], title: Lobster Imperial, picturelink: null}, 10154: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nDrizzle oil into a large pot of boiling salted water. Add the macaroni and cook according to the directions on the package, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain well.nMeanwhile, heat the milk in a small saucepan, but dont boil it. Melt 6 tablespoons of butter in a large 4quart pot and add the flour. Cook over low heat for 2 minutes, stirring with a whisk. While whisking, add the hot milk and cook for a minute or two more, until thickened and smooth. Off the heat, add the Gruyere, Cheddar, 1 tablespoon salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Add the cooked macaroni and stir well. Pour into a 3quart baking dish.nSlice the tomatoes and arrange on top. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter, combine them with the fresh bread crumbs, and sprinkle on the top. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the sauce is bubbly and the macaroni is browned on the top., ingredients: [Kosher salt, Vegetable oil, 1 pound elbow macaroni or cavatappi, 1 quart milk, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, divided, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 ounces Gruyere, grated 4 cups, 8 ounces extrasharp Cheddar, grated 2 cups, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 34 pound fresh tomatoes 4 small, 1 12 cups fresh white bread crumbs 5 slices, crusts removed], title: Mac and Cheese, picturelink: xNz3NSzEjFprSUnm79WnmquRF4mfTwO}, 10155: {instructions: Put the milk, water, eggs, and flour into a food processor or blender and process until smooth, about 10 seconds. If necessary, scrape down any solids that stick to the sides. Add the butter and process for a few more seconds to blend. Refrigerate, covered, for at least 2 hours or overnight. Set a 10inch, nonstick crepe pan over moderately high heat, then spray with nonstick vegetable spray. When the pan is hot, remove the pan from the heat and add 2 tablespoons of batter, swirling to coat the bottom of the pan. Cook for 1 12 minutes and lightly browned. Set aside on a plate, cooked side up, and continue with the remainder of the batter.nPlace 2 tablespoons of Cherry Filling in the lower center of the blintz. Fold up once from the bottom then fold over the sides. Roll up the rest of the way. Repeat with the rest. Heat 1 tablespoon of canola oil and 1 tablespoon of butter in a pan. In 4 small batches, fry the blintzes fold side down until golden brown. Gently flip to fry the other side. Serve with sour cream or yogurt.nIn a small saucepan, cover the cherries with water and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and let rest. In a bowl, mix together the cream cheese, vanilla, sugar and egg until blended. Gently mix in the pot, farmer or cottage cheese. Drain the cherries and fold in., ingredients: [12 cup milk, 12 cup water, 3 large eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons melted butter, Nonstick vegetable spray, Cherry Filling, recipe follows, 2 tablepsoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons butter, Sour cream or yogurt, as an accompaniment, 12 cup dried cherries, 14 pound cream cheese, at room temperature, 1teaspoon vanilla extract or 12 scraped vanilla bean, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 large egg, 1 pound 2 cups farmers cheese, pot cheese or cottage cheese], title: Cherry Vanilla Blintzes, picturelink: qOTxPL8UQ2knJdF9bbG0BJU1TDh8iK}, 10156: {instructions: Soak skewers in cold water for 2 hours. In a medium bowl combine orange juice, 14 cup olive oil, habanero, 1 teaspoon of garlic, cilantro, mustard and salt and pepper to taste. Mix this mojo well and set aside for later use. In a separate small bowl combine 14 cup olive oil and 1 teaspoon garlic and set aside.nSkewer shrimps and brush each on both sides with the garlic and olive oil mixture, then season to taste with salt and pepper. Cook shrimps on a hot grill for 2 minutes on each side, while brushing on the remaining olive oil and garlic mixture. Arrange shrimps on a serving platter and drizzle with the orange mojo., ingredients: [8 8inch long skewers, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, divided into 2 equal parts, 1 tablespoon pickled habanero, without seeds and chopped, 2 teaspoons garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and pepper, 8 jumbo shrimps, peeled and deveined], title: Grilled Shrimp with Orange Habanero Mojo, picturelink: null}, 10157: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, soy sauce, lime, ginger, mustard and cilantro. Pour in the oil and continue to whisk until emulsified.nSeason the tuna fillets with salt and pepper lightly coat with oil. Put sesame seeds on a plate. Coat top and bottom of each fillet with seeds. Heat a large, dry skillet over high heat. Add fillets cook about 3 minutes. Turn cook until desired doneness, about 3 to 4 minutes for rare. Slice the tuna into 1inch thick strips.nMix the greens together and spread out on a platter. Add the green onions, rice noodles almonds, and orange segments. Lay the tuna strips on top then drizzle with the vinaigrette. Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 1 teaspoon Chinese mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 12 cup canola oil, 1 12 pounds Ahi tuna loin, cut in 4 strips, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons dark sesame oil, 13 cup sesame seeds, 1 bunch mizuna greens, 1 bunch arugula greens, 3 cups torn red leaf lettuce, 3 cups torn green leaf lettuce, 2 green onions, chopped, 12 cup fried rice noodles, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 1 navel orange, peeled and sectioned], title: Seared Tuna Salad with Asian Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 10158: {instructions: Rinse the chicken with cold water cleaning the cavity thoroughly. Pat dry with paper towels, being sure to dry the cavity.nStuff the chicken with the scallions, sliced ginger, salt, and white pepper. Wash the Chinese greens and cut the tough ends off. Heat water in wok to boiling. Place chicken on heatproof platter and steam on rack for 40 minutes on high heat.nWhile chicken is steaming, place 1quart water in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil, add the Chinese greens, and cook for 1 minute on high heat. Remove the greens and drain in a colander. Set aside.nRemove chicken from steamer and drain the juice into a small saucepan. Discard the scallions and ginger slices. Let chicken cool for 10 minutes and then cut into bite size pieces. Arrange the chicken pieces in the center of platter.nAdd the chicken broth to the chicken juice and bring to a boil. Mix the cornstarch and water together in a small bowl, and stir into boiling chicken broth. Stir and cook until sauce is thickened. Pour the sauce over the chicken. Place the Chinese greens around the chicken pieces and serve., ingredients: [1 Ching Yuen chicken, 6 scallions, 4 thin slices ginger, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 1 pound Chinese greens, 1 cup chicken broth, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons water, Salt and white pepper], title: Steamed Ching Yuen Chicken with Greens, picturelink: null}, 10159: {instructions: Make batter: In a blender blend batter ingredients until smooth and transfer to a bowl. Let batter stand, covered, 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees.nPut 2 minimuffin pans each containing twelve 1 34 by 1inch cups on 1 baking sheet and spoon 1 teaspoon oil into each cup. Put the baking sheet in middle of oven 3 minutes to heat oil in cups. Working quickly, pour 2 teaspoons batter into hot oil in each cup and bake in middle of oven 18 minutes, or until pudding shells are golden and puffed. Remove shells from cups with tongs and cool on racks. Repeat procedure with remaining batter. Shells may be made 3 days ahead and chilled, covered, or 1 month ahead and frozen in airtight containers. Bring shells to room temperature and recrisp in a 300 degree oven 10 minutes.nIn a small bowl stir together sour cream, horseradish, and parsley and transfer to a small pastry bag fitted with 18inch plain tip.nFold a few beef slices into each shell and pipe 1 teaspoon horseradish cream onto each pudding. Garnish puddings with parsley., ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk, 2 large eggs, 1 large egg yolk, 1 cup all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 34 cup vegetable oil, 34 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon drained bottled horseradish, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh flatleafed parsley leaves, wash and dry before chopping, 12 pound cooked rare roast beef, sliced 38inch thick and slices cut into 1inch pieces, 36 small fresh flatleafed parsley leaves], title: 2forTea Individual Yorkshire Puddings with Rare Roast Beef, picturelink: null}, 10160: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBrush a casserole dish with olive oil. Slice tomatoes evenly 18inch thick and place 1 layer in a 1 12quart casserole. Season with salt and pepper sprinkle with half of herbs and all of feta. Do another layer of tomatoes and repeat process with herbs and salt. Top with bread crumbs and paprika, and cook in the oven for 40 minutes. Serve with crusty bread., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped flat leaf parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped marjoram, 1 cup crumbled feta, 1 cup day old bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon paprika, Serving suggestion: Crusty bread.], title: Tomato Casserole, picturelink: null}, 10161: {instructions: For the sushi rice: Combine the rice with 2 cups water in a medium pot and cover with a tightfitting lid. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stir and cover. Lower the heat to a simmer and cook for 15 minutes. Turn off the heat and fluff the rice with a fork. Replace the lid and let the rice sit for 5 minutes. Once the rice is fully cooked, immediately spread it out on a baking sheet. The goal here is to get the rice to cool as quickly as possible.nFor the coconut glaze: Combine the coconut milk, sugar and lemon zest in a small saucepot and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Let the mixture reduce by twothirds, until thickened and syrupy, stirring occasionally to prevent scorching. This takes 20 to 25 minutes.nTo assemble nigiri pressed sushi: Moisten your hands and mold the rice into 2inch long logs. Drizzle a little coconut glaze over the rice. Cut some fruit leather into 12 by 2inch strips or use the precut Fruit by the Foot strips, and use to wrap the rice logs crosswise, mimicking the belt of seaweed wrapped around nigiri. Top with whatever fruit you likeblueberries and sour cherries look like salmon roe. Alternatively: First top the rice with fruit, then secure the fruit to the rice by wrapping with strips of fruit leather. Sprinkle with sesame seeds, top with mint leaves and serve.nTo assemble maki rolls: Lay the fruit leather out flat and cover it with an even layer of rice about 12inch thick. Drizzle with some of the coconut glaze and sprinkle with some sesame seeds. On the side closest to you, lay down a row of julienned fruiteither mangoes, pineapples, strawberries, or cherries, or whatever you like. Top with some torn mint leaves and roll the entire thing into a cylinder, keeping it as tight as possible the whole way around. Slice into rounds with a sharp knife and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups mediumgrain Japanese rice, 1 can coconut milk, 12 cup sugar, 1 lemon, zest of, Fruit leather, such as Fruit by the Foot, for rolling maki rolls and nigiri, Blueberries, Candied sour cherries, Mango, cut to fit maki rolls or nigiri, Pineapple, cut to fit maki rolls or nigiri, Strawberries, cut to fit maki rolls or nigiri, 12 cup sesame seeds, Mint leaves], title: Dessert Sushi, picturelink: null}, 10162: {instructions: Combine the topping and crust ingredients. Press one half of the mixture into the bottom and sides of an ungreased 10inch glass or ceramic pie plate, building up the sides to the top of the plate to form an edge. Reserve remaining mixture for the topping. To make the lime curd, combine the butter, lime juice, cornmeal, salt and 34 cup of the sugar in a large bowl over a pan of simmering water with the bottom not touching the water, and slowly cook, scraping the sides of the bowl and whisking occasionally, another 15 minutes, or until thickened. Cover with plastic and refrigerate. Stir the curd every 10 minutes or so to cool evenly.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees. In a clean bowl, beat the egg whites with the cream of tartar and the remaining 12 cup sugar until stiff and glossy. Gently fold half of the beaten whites into the cool lime curd to lighten. Then fold in the remaining whites and the lime zest. This should be very gentle it is okay for a few streaks of white to be showing. Pour the filling into the pie shell and sprinkle on reserved topping evenly to cover. Gently press the sides in so the top 12 inch of the crust remains bare. Bake 45 minutes, or until the pie has risen and coconut is golden brown. The filling should be slightly cracked and firm when pressed in the center. Cool completely, cover with plastic and refrigerate 6 hours to chill thoroughly. Serve cold., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cornmeal cracker crumbs, Pinch of salt, 2 14 cups sweetened shredded coconut, 1 14 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, separated, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 2 large egg yolks, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 34 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, Finely grated zest of 1 lime, 34 cups sugar cookie or graham], title: Lime Coconut Pie, picturelink: null}, 10163: {instructions: Toast bread, add peanut butter, and then add thinly sliced peaches to sandwich., ingredients: [bread slices, peanut butter, peach, sliced], title: Peanut Butter and Fresh Peach, picturelink: null}, 10164: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nFor the salmon: Place the salmon on a large baking sheet skinside down. Drizzle salmon with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place into the oven and bake for 30 minutes until flaky. Transfer to a cutting board.nFor the Hash: Heat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add olive oil. Once heated add the potatoes and shallowfry for about 8 minutes until evenly browned on all sides. Remove the potatoes with a slotted spoon and place onto a paper towellined plate. Season with salt and pepper and transfer to a large bowl.nUsing 2 forks, flake the salmon, removing it in chunks from the skin, and fold into the potatoes.nRemove most of the oil, leaving only a couple of tablespoons. Place over medium heat and add the sliced onions, sliced peppers and garlic and allow to caramelize. Add the green onions, thyme leaves, paprika and cayenne pepper. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, and stir to combine. Add the potatoes back to the pan and stir to combine.nFor the eggs: Place a large saute pan with high sides over medium heat and fill with a few inches of water. Heat until just below a simmer. Add a splash of white vinegar and using a wooden spoon, stir the water in 1 direction to create a small whirlpool. Crack the eggs and add, 1 at a time, to the spinning water. Allow to poach until desired doneness. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate.nFor the hollandaise: Put the egg yolks, lemon zest, lemon juice, mustard, water, salt and pepper, to taste, into a blender. Blend together and then slowly start pouring in the melted butter with the blender running. Stop the blender when all the butter has been incorporated. Taste and adjust the seasoning, if necessary. Thin the hollandaise with a little water, if it is too thick.nPlace the salmonpotato hash on serving plates or serving platter and top with the eggs. Pour hollandaise sauce over the eggs and garnish with or dill. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 2pound centercut, skinon, salmon fillet, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh dill, for garnish, About 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 russet potatoes, rinsed in water and cut into large dice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 onions, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeds and ribs removed, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 green onions, finely chopped, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, Pinch cayenne pepper, Water, White vinegar, 4 to 6 large organic farm fresh eggs, Lemony Hollandaise:, 3 egg yolks, 12 lemon, zested, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 12 teaspoons dry mustard, 3 tablespoons water, Pinch cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted], title: Salmon Potato Hash, picturelink: null}, 10165: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBrown the meat and the onion in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat for 5 minutes, breaking up the meat into crumbles as it cooks. Pour the drippings out of the pan and discard. Add the garlic, jalapeno, and red pepper and cook 5 minutes more, stirring occasionally. Stir in the rest of the ingredients, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 5 minutes more. Place a halfcup scoop of the mixture onto each bun and serve., ingredients: [1 pound extralean ground beef, 1 onion, diced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 jalapeno, minced, 1 red pepper, diced, 1 can small red beans or pinto beans, preferably low sodium drained and rinsed, 1 12 cups nosaltadded tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon molasses, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 34 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 wholewheat burger buns], title: Sloppy Joes, picturelink: 09xJf0LCLu5fVaCWQihILgz9ZbS0OHG}, 10166: {instructions: Put sliced rhubarb into a bowl and sprinkle with sugar. Let macerate for 1 hour. Butter the bread and arrange 4 slices, buttered side down, in a buttered dish. Sprinkle with half the rhubarb, arrange another layer of bread, buttered side down, add rest of rhubarb and cover with last 4 bread slices. In a mixing bowl, whisk together 2 cups cream, 1 cup milk, 4 eggs, vanilla and 34 cups sugar. Pour mixture through a fine sieve over the bread. Sprinkle sugar over the top and let mixture stand, loosely covered, for at least 1 hour or refrigerate overnight. Bake in a bainmarie in a preheated 350 degree oven for 1 hour or until the top is crisp and golden. Serve warm with softly whipped cream., ingredients: [1 pound red rhubarb, sliced into pieces, sugar, 12 stick butter, 12 slices white bread, crusts removed, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup milk, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon sugar for sprinkling, Softly whipped cream], title: Rhubarb Bread and Butter Pudding, picturelink: null}, 10167: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Coat the chicken legs with 1 tablespoon olive oil, then sprinkle all over with the cinnamon, ginger, cayenne and 34 teaspoon salt. Transfer to the grill, skinside up cover and cook 12 minutes. Flip the chicken, cover and continue cooking until the skin is golden brown and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 160 degrees F, 10 to 15 more minutes. Grill the grapes, covered but turning occasionally, until slightly charred, about 6 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine 1 12 cups water, the butter, lemon zest and a pinch of salt in a medium saucepan bring to a boil. Add the bulgur, reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, covered, until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain any excess water, if necessary.nFluff the bulgur with a fork and stir in the grilled grapes, discarding the stems. Stir in the scallions, parsley and the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil season with salt. Serve with the chicken.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [4 chicken legs drumsticks and thighs attached about 2 12 pounds, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 2 cups green or red grapes in clusters, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 cup bulgur, 2 scallions, sliced, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: Grilled Chicken with Bulgur, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 10168: {instructions: In a large skillet with a lid combined all ingredients except snapper. Cover and bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat.nOnce liquid comes to simmer a turn down heat to low and add snapper fillets and let poach for 8 minutes.nCarefully remove the snapper from skillet.nFor the salad: In a large bowl, toss together all ingredients. Serve immediately with snapper., ingredients: [1 cup vegetable broth, 1 orange, zested, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 small onion, sliced, 1 packet Baja Citrus Marinade recommended: McCormick, 4 4ounce red snapper fillets, 1 15ounce can lowsodium black beans, drained, 34 cup prepared pico de gallo, 12 cup diced tripeppers, 2 tablespoons Caesar dressing, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: CitrusPoached Snapper with Black Bean Salad, picturelink: 7eqnxr30HVZbK0LAQ.L0xzdimygf.}, 10169: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a saute pan, over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Cook the onions and garlic until soft and glossy, just beginning to brown. Add the tomatoes, cayenne and saffron, and cook for 5 minutes. Add the clams, mussels and white wine. Cover and continue to cook for another 3 minutes. Uncover and remove from heat. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Reserve.nIn another saute pan, over high heat, add 3 tablespoons olive oil. Saute eggplant slices until lightly browned. Add green and yellow zucchini. Cook another 1 minute, just until heated. Add 1 tablespoon of chiffonade of basil. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Reserve.nSeason sea bass fillets with salt and pepper. In another saute pan, heat the remaining 3 tablespoons of olive oil. Sear fillets, meat next to the bone side down first, until golden, about 2 minutes. Transfer pan to oven and continue to cook another 4 minutes. Transfer to burner, turn fillets. Add butter and baste.nTo serve: spoon 14 of the tomato sauce on plate. Place 14 of the Sauteed vegetable slices in the center and top with a piece of sea bass. Garnish with diced bell pepper and remaining chiffonade of basil. Drizzle Basil Oil around edge of tomato sauce.nIn boiling salted water, blanch basil leaves for 2 seconds. Refresh in bowl of iced water and drain well. Place on baking tray lined with paper towel and let dry for 1 hour. Pour oil in a blender. Turn machine on to puree and slowly add the blanched basil. Continue to process until pureed and well blended. Transfer to a squirt bottle and allow to steep for a few hours. Use as needed., ingredients: [8 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 cups tomato concasse, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Generous pinch saffron threads, 1 pound Littleneck clams, rinsed several times and drained, 1 pound black mussels, debearded, rinsed several times and drained, 12 cup dry white wine, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 Italian eggplants, ends trimmed, thinly sliced, 1 green zucchini, end trimmed, thinly sliced, 1 yellow zucchini, ends trimmed, thinly sliced, 10 basil leaves, chiffonade, 4 6ounce sea bass fillets, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, 14inch dice, 4 tablespoons Basil Oil, recipe follows, 2 cups basil leaves, packed, 1 cup olive oil], title: Acqua Pazza with Sea Bass and Clams, picturelink: null}, 10170: {instructions: Clean and trim fat from rib slabs. Season the dry rib racks with a 2 to 1 mixture of chili powder and seasoning salt. Rub seasoning into ribs then wrap or place in air tight containers overnight in refrigerator.nPreheat your smoker or grill to 225 to 300 degrees F and fill woodbox with hickory wood. Cook the ribs slowly for about 4 hours, or until they are almost falling off the bone.nWhen ribs are done, cool at room temperature for 20 to 30 minutes. Wrap and refrigerate.nPreheat an oven, grill, or smoker to 225 degrees F. Reheat unwrapped ribs for 1 hour. Serve with barbecue sauce., ingredients: [Two 1 34 to 2 14pound rack pork loin back ribs, 2 parts chili powder, 1 part seasoning salt, Favorite barbecue sauce], title: Blues City Cafes World Famous Ribs, picturelink: 6G1wANIOWcdIVM6oCE86HbqqZguLa}, 10171: {instructions: For the cole slaw: In a medium bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, apple cider vinegar and hot sauce. Season with salt and pepper and add the cabbages and scallions. Toss well to distribute the mayonnaise thoroughly.nFor the pork: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the olive oil and garlic. When the garlic becomes fragrant, add the barbecue sauce and bourbon. Add the pork to the barbecue sauce and stir well to combine. Simmer about 10 minutes.nTo serve: Place the pork on the bread and top with the coleslaw. Drizzle with some extra sauce and serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix the olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper. Using a pastry brush, spread the mixture all over the pork shoulder.nSet the meat on a rack set into a roasting pan. Roast for 20 minutes, and then reduce the heat to 325 degrees F. Continue to cook until an instantread thermometer inserted into the shoulder reads 185 degrees F, about 4 hours. Remove the pork from the oven and let stand until cool enough to handle, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup shredded green cabbage, 1 cup shredded red cabbage, 3 scallions, white and green parts, chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 cups good quality barbecue sauce, 12 cup bourbon, 2 cups pulled Simple Roasted Pork Shoulder, recipe follows, Favorite sandwich bread or rolls, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 4 pound pork shoulder], title: Bourbon BBQ Pork Sandwich, picturelink: EffNdXlgOqA8UioNy3ywzgM494BXuEG}, 10172: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring the water, 1 tablespoon butter, and 12 teaspoon salt to a boil in a heavy medium saucepan. Gradually whisk in the polenta. Reduce the heat to mediumlow. Stir constantly until the polenta thickens, about 5 minutes. Pour the polenta into a greased 9 by 9inch baking pan, spreading so that it is 13inch thick. Cover and let stand at room temperature until set, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a heavy large frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and onion. Sprinkle with 12 teaspoon of salt and 14 teaspoon of pepper and saute until the juices evaporate, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic and saute until the mushrooms are golden brown, about 2 minutes longer. Decrease the heat to mediumlow. Add the Marsala. Cover and simmer until the Marsala has reduced by about half, about 5 minutes. Stir the flour and remaining 2 tablespoons of butter in a small bowl to form a paste, then stir the paste into the mushroom mixture. Cover and simmer until the sauce thickens slightly, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat. Stir the parsley into the ragu. Season the ragu, to taste, with more salt and pepper.nCut the polenta into 36 bitesize squares. Arrange the polenta squares on a platter. Spoon the warm ragu atop the polenta and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups boiling water, 3 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 cup quickcooking polenta, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 ounces cremini mushrooms, chopped, 12 cup chopped onion, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 clove garlic, minced, 34 cup dry Marsala, 12 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves], title: Polenta Squares with Mushroom Ragu, picturelink: dY.rbv3timumtP8LEOFR7nXoV5Ccxfa}, 10173: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, vinegar, olive oil, horseradish, red pepper flakes, Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Add the cabbage, scallions, carrots, fennel and parsley toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Let stand in the refrigerator for 15 minutes before serving.nIn a small bowl, mix together the basil, marjoram, oregano, parsley, granulated garlic, rosemary, thyme and red pepper flakes. Store in a jar with a tightfitting lid., ingredients: [13 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon Italian Seasoning, recipe follows, 10 cups very thinly sliced green cabbage about 12 large head, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 3 medium carrots, grated, 1 large bulb fennel, trimmed, halved and sliced paper thin on a mandoline, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 3 tablespoons dried basil, 3 tablespoons dried marjoram, 3 tablespoons dried oregano, 3 tablespoons dried parsley, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes], title: Italian Fennel Coleslaw, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 10174: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nArrange bread slices in 1 layer on 2 baking sheets and sprinkle half with Parmesan. Toast slices in upper and lower thirds of oven until crisp and golden, 8 to 12 minutes, and cool. Crostini may be made 2 weeks ahead and kept in an airtight container at room temperature.nIn a colander or sieve drain tomatoes well, pressing gently on solids to squeeze out as much liquid as possible, and blot with paper towels. Chop tomatoes fine. In a bowl stir together tomatoes, oil, garlic paste, parsley, sugar, and salt and pepper, to taste.nPut 1 heaping teaspoon tomato mixture on each Parmesan crostini and top with 14 teaspoon olive paste. Spread each plain crostini with 12 teaspoon olive paste, and top with a heaping 12 teaspoon tomato mixture.nGarnish crostini with parsley leaves., ingredients: [1 16inch thin loaf Italian or French bread, cut into 14inchthick slices, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 28ounce cans Italian whole tomatoes, seeded and drained, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small garlic clove, chopped and mashed to a paste with 12 teaspoon, 2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon sugar, Salt and pepper, 13 cup olivada or other bottled black olive paste available at specialty foods shops and some supermarkets, 50 small fresh parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Tomato and Olivada Crostini, picturelink: null}, 10175: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Special equipment: eight 10inch wooden skewers, soaked in water for about 30 minutesnFor the marinade: In a medium glass bowl, mix together thenonions, garlic, oil, vinegar, lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste.nnAdd the fish and squash and marinate at room temperature,nabout 15 minutes.nnFor the chimichurri: Combine the basil, parsley, onions,ngarlic, olive oil, vinegar, lemon juice, red pepper flakes and salt and peppernto taste in a food processor bowl, and pulse until the ingredients are justncombined and chunky.nnPreheat the grill on high. Oil the grates well.nnFor the fish skewers: Thread the marinated fish and squashnonto the soaked skewers, 2 pieces of fish per skewer. Place 1 cherry tomato onnthe end of each skewer. Place on the grill and cook until lightly charred onnthe outside and the fish is just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side.nnWhile the fish is still warm, drizzle with a little basilnchimichurri and serve more on the side for dipping., ingredients: [14 cup chopped white onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Juice of 12 a lemon about 2 tablespoons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 ounces firm white fish, such as cod, haddock or halibut,cut into 16 pieces about 1 inch each, 3 small zucchini andor yellow squash about 1 14 pounds,cut into 1inch pieces, , 1 14 cups fresh basil leaves, coarsely chopped, 34 cup fresh parsley leaves, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped sweet onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 13 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, Juice of 12 a lemon about 2 tablespoons, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, , 8 cherry tomatoes], title: Fish Skewers with Basil Chimichurri, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}, 10176: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together mayonnaise and vinegar until smooth. Cut peel and pith from tangerine and, holding fruit over a small bowl to catch juice cut sections free from membranes, discarding seeds.nRinse and drain hearts of palm and diagonally cut into 34inchthick slices. Pit and peel avocado and cut into 10inch pieces. Tear arugula into bitesize pieces and add to dressing with tangerine and juice, hearts of palm, and avocado.nToss salad to coat with dressing and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 tangerines, 2 14.8ounce jars or cans hearts of palm, 2 California avocados, 4 cups packed trimmed arugula], title: Hearts of Palm Salad, picturelink: null}, 10177: {instructions: Combine the almond milk, yogurt, peanut butter, protein powder and banana in a blender. Blend until smooth. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup unsweetened vanilla almond milk, 12 cup lowfat plain Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon peanut butter, 1 scoop lowsugar vanilla protein powder, 1 large banana, sliced and frozen], title: Peanut Butter and Banana Smoothie, picturelink: 7Sz.Qoskp9Fg9aFpmLyytsTadMGvcC}, 10178: {instructions: 1. In large skillet combine chicken and enough water to cover. Bring to boiling. Reduce heat. Cover and simmer for 7 to 12 minutes or until chicken is tender and no longer pink. Drain well. Cool slightly. Cut into bitesize pieces. Cover and refrigerate until needed. Cook pasta until al dente according to package directions. Drain. Rinse with cold water. Drain well. Pat dry with paper towels. Set aside.n2. In large bowl whisk together oil, vinegar and soy sauce. Stir in tomatoes, cashews, green onions and cilantro. Add chicken, pasta, salt and pepper. Toss to combine.n3. Just before serving, add KELLOGGS CRIPIX cereal to chicken mixture. Gently toss. Serve immediately.nFor more great recipes, visit www.Kelloggs.com.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9 2010 Kellogg NA Co., ingredients: [8 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 cup whole grain farfalle bowtie pasta, 13 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar or lemon juice, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 8 cherry tomatoes, halved, 12 cup raw cashews, coarsely chopped and toasted, 2 green onions, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro or parsley, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, 2 cups Kelloggsu00ae Crispixu00ae cereal], title: Kelloggs Crispix Chicken and Pasta Saladand153, picturelink: null}, 10179: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with parchment.nLightly roll out the sheet of pastry into a 10by12inch rectangle, then brush with the melted butter. Sprinkle over the Cheddar, cayenne and 12 cup of the Parmesan. Using the rolling pin, press the cheese into the pastry. Cut the pastry into 12 strips. Twist each strip about 5 times and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Place in the freezer for 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMix together the egg and 1 teaspoon water in a small bowl, brush the strips with the mixture and sprinkle over the remaining 14 cup Parmesan. Bake until golden brown and puffed, 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [1 sheet frozen puff pastry from a 17.3ounce package, such as Pepperidge Farm, thawed, 1 tablespoon butter, melted, 1 cup grated Cheddar, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 1 large egg], title: Cheese Straws, picturelink: OhyrutUDhQASenF5Ffgbkr7jW91jJQq}, 10180: {instructions: Put the roast in a slow cooker. Add the butter, au jus gravy mix, ranch dressing mix and pepperoncini peppers and juice. Add salt and pepper if you like and cook on low until tender, about 8 hours., ingredients: [One 3 to 4pound boneless beef roast, your choice of cut see Cooks Note, 1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, 1 package au jus gravy mix, 1 package dry ranch dressing mix, such as Hidden Valley, Pepperoncini peppers, number to your liking, and a little juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, if desired], title: Mississippi Pot Roast, picturelink: CkCQxL6HJE..oiu2QbfFBellD4DCidi}, 10181: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 singleserving dessert molds 12 chocolate moldsnFor the almond chocolate streusel: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix the butter and turbinado sugar together. Add the allpurpose and almond flours, cocoa powder and baking powder beat until just combined.nPlace the mixture between 2 pieces of parchment paper and roll to about 18inch thick. Transfer to a baking sheet and refrigerate for about 20 minutes to chill. Preheat the oven to 320 degrees F.nBake for 20 minutes. Cut into shapes that will fit inside 12 singleserving dessert molds.nFor the sponge cake: Preheat the oven to 335 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix the almond paste and confectioners sugar for about 1 minute. Slowly add the egg yolks, mixing until combined. Add the flour and cocoa powder and mix until combined. Add the melted butter and mix until combined.nIn a separate stand mixer bowl, whip the egg whites and granulated sugar using the whip attachment until they form a meringue with stiff peaks. Fold into the egg yolk mixture, then pour into the prepared baking sheet.nBake for about 12 minutes. Let cool before cutting into shapes that will fit inside the dessert molds.nFor the coffee ganache: Heat the cream and coffee beans together in a small saucepan until the cream just begins to boil. Remove from the heat and let sit to allow the coffee to infuse the cream, 20 to 30 minutes. Slowly stir the gelatin into 1 ounce cold water and let sit for about 5 minutes. Reheat the cream to just boiling and pour over the chocolate. Stir in the gelatin and butter. Place into chocolate molds and freeze until solid.nFor the coffee mousse: Soak the gelatin sheets in cold water and set aside for at least 5 minutes.nBring 13.5 ounces of the heavy cream to a boil and add the coffee beans. Remove from the heat and let sit for 20 to 30 minutes.nWhip the remaining 18 ounces heavy cream with the sugar until it holds soft peaks. Remove the gelatin sheets from the water and place in a microwavesafe cup microwave in 10second intervals until dissolved. Add the gelatin to the coffee cream, then fold in the whipped cream.nTo assemble: Pop the coffee ganache out of the chocolate molds. Start filling dessert molds with the coffee mousse. When about half full, add a layer of sponge cake and a piece of coffee ganache to each. Continue to fill until the molds are just about full. Add the streusel base and smooth off the bottom. Freeze until solid.nRemove from the molds and refrigerate at least 1 hour before serving. Garnish as desired., ingredients: [2.5 ounces unsalted butter, 2.5 ounces turbinado sugar, 2.25 ounces allpurpose flour, 2.25 ounces almond flour, 1.2 ounces cocoa powder, 12 tablespoon baking powder, 10 ounces almond paste, 1 ounce confectioners sugar, 7 ounces egg yolks, 3 ounces allpurpose flour, 3 ounces cocoa powder, 3 ounces unsalted butter, melted, 10 ounces egg whites, 4 ounces granulated sugar, 5.25 ounces heavy cream, 1 ounce coffee beans, 12 tablespoon unflavored gelatin powder, 6 ounces white chocolate, 1.5 ounces unsalted butter, 4 sheets gelatin, 31.5 ounces heavy cream, 1.5 ounces coffee beans, 1.75 ounces granulated sugar], title: Coffee Petit Gateux, picturelink: wK0pB8pv7Kza5UcyknU0bSlVyxAOA2}, 10182: {instructions: Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Add the barley and cook to just shy of tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Drain in a sieve and run under cold water, then drain again. Put the dried porcini mushrooms in a small saucepan with about 2 cups water. Bring to a low boil, then simmer until tender. Transfer the mushrooms with a slotted spoon to a food processor. Pour in all but the last few spoonfuls of the cooking liquid grit from the mushrooms may settle there. Puree until smooth. Heat the EVOO in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the portobello mushrooms and cook until browned. Add the thyme, shallots, celery and carrots and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the vegetables are tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Deglaze with the sherry, stirring and scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon. Stir in the stock, porcini puree and Roasted Garlic Paste. Meanwhile, bring the steak to room temperature and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Drizzle the steak with EVOO, then cook for 7 to 8 minutes, turning once. Let rest on a cutting board for 10 minutes, then thinly slice and cut into bitesize pieces. Dress with the Worcestershire sauce. Stir the parsley and barley into the soup, then ladle into shallow bowls. Arrange the steak on top of the soup.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Arrange the garlic in a cluster on a large piece of foil and drizzle with 14 cup EVOO. Wrap up the garlic in the foil to make a tightly sealed pouch. Roast until very tender, about 45 minutes. Let cool, then squeeze the garlic from the skins into a food processor. Add the remaining 34 cup EVOO and the honey and season with salt and pepper. Puree until smooth, then transfer to a small container. Alternatively, you can mash the garlic paste with a fork instead of using a food processor.nNote: To ensure the best results, this recipe has been altered and differs from what appears in the episode., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 13 cups pearl barley, 12 cup dried porcini mushrooms, 14 cup EVOO, plus more for drizzling, 6 portobello mushroom caps, gills scraped, halved and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 4 shallots, finely chopped, 2 to 3 small stalks celery, finely chopped, 1 carrot, finely chopped, Freshly ground pepper, 12 cup dry sherry, 4 cups beef stock, 13 recipe Roasted Garlic Paste, recipe follows or 2 heads roasted garlic, 1 pound flatiron steak, About 1 12 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, very finely chopped, 6 heads garlic, tops trimmed off to expose all of the cloves, 1 cup EVOO, 3 tablespoons honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Sliced Steak and Mushroom Barley Soup, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 10183: {instructions: Saute the garlic, onion, carrot, pepper, and artichoke hearts in olive oil until they just begin to brown and soften, about 5 minutes. Deglaze with white wine and chicken stock. Simmer for 30 minutes, until the vegetables are fork tender.nAfter cooking, puree about half of the mixture. Add the pureed half back to the mixture and stir to combine.nSeason the fish fillets with salt and coriander. Heat olive oil in a nonstick saute pan. Carefully place the fish fillets in the pan, flesh side down and cook until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Turn the fillets over and cook until the skin is crispy and the fish is cooked through and no longer translucent. Remove the fillets from the pan and set aside. Deglaze the pan with lemon juice. Add the lemon juice to the artichoke mixture and stir well., ingredients: [Olive oil, to saute, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 12 onion, small diced, 12 carrot, small diced, 4 artichoke hearts, diced, 3 3pound whole John Dory fish, scaled, eviscerated, and filleted with the skin on, 2 ounces white wine, 3 ounces chicken stock, 1 espelette pepper, minced, 1 teaspoon ground coriander seed, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Roasted John Dory with Barigoule of Artichoke and Peppers, picturelink: null}, 10184: {instructions: In a large pitcher, combine all ingredients and stir. Serve chilled in iced tea glasses with a wedge of pineapple for a garnish., ingredients: [12 cup tequila blanco, 12 cup vodka, 12 cup rum, 12 cup gin, 2 cups cranberry juice, 2 cups pineapple juice, Pineapple wedges, for garnish], title: Paradise Punch, picturelink: we5hKSuGIIYEz8ArKcCb0wuCkmOrFX6}, 10185: {instructions: For the French toast: Coat a 9 by 13inch baking dish with cooking spray. Arrange the bread slices on the diagonal in 3 rows in the dish, slightly overlapping the slices. Whisk together the evaporated milk, milk, vanilla and almond extracts, cinnamon, salt and eggs until well combined. Pour the egg mixture over the bread slices, taking care to evenly coat the bread. Cover with aluminum foil and refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the foil from the baking dish and spoon any remaining egg mixture over the top of the bread pieces to assure they are evenly moistened.nFor the topping: Sprinkle the pecans evenly over the bread. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons of the maple syrup and the cinnamon. Bake until golden, about 40 minutes. Drizzle with the remaining 14 cup maple syrup and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for coating baking dish, One 8ounce whole wheat baguette, cut into twentyfour 14inch slices, One 12ounce can evaporated fatfree milk, 1 cup reducedfat 2percent milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch kosher salt, 4 large eggs, 13 cup chopped pecans, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Healthy Overnight French Toast Bake, picturelink: p9yj4MvkE7lCTeRKBBcYn2D9I.QmPgu}, 10186: {instructions: Dice chicken into 34inch pieces. Set aside.nHeat oil in a heavy skillet on mediumhigh heat. Add onions and fry until golden brown. Stir in ginger and garlic. Add chicken pieces and fry until chicken starts to turn white, about 5 to 7 minutes.nStir in the cooking sauce and bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for about 10 minutes stir occasionally.nTransfer to a serving dish. Garnish with the cashews. Serve with rice or flat bread., ingredients: [1 pound boneless skinless chicken, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 1 to 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 jar 15 ounces Pataksu00ae Korma Curry Cooking Sauce, 14 cup chopped roasted cashews for garnish], title: Chicken Korma, picturelink: null}, 10187: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 1cup capacity ramekinsnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a small saucepan, bring 2 cups water to a boil.nSmear the bottom of each ramekin with the butter. For each serving, crack 2 eggs into a small bowl or dish, being careful not to break the yolks, then slide into a prepared ramekin. Season with the salt and pepper, drizzle with 1 tablespoon of the cream, and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of the Parmesan. Set the ramekins into a mediumsized glass or ceramic baking pan, allowing at least 1 inch of space between dishes. Transfer to the bottom rack of the oven and pour the boiling water into the baking dish, being careful not to splash any hot water into the ramekins. Cover with a sheet of aluminum foil and bake 8 to 12 minutes, until the whites are set but the yolks are still soft and a bit runny. Prepare the piperade while the eggs are baking.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, cook the prosciutto in the olive oil until beginning to crisp, then add the onion. Saute until lightly golden, then add the red and green pepper and cook until the strips just begin to soften. Add the garlic and cook 30 seconds to 1 minute, until fragrant, then add the tomatoes and red pepper flakes, if using. Allow the mixture to stew over mediumlow heat until liquid has evaporated and the tomatoes are heated through. Check for seasoning and add salt and pepper. Off the heat, add the basil. Divide between the ramekins you will have extra and serve on a small plate, piping hot.nThis recipe was provided by a finalist, who may or may not be a professional cook, for The Next Food Network Star. Food Network has not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 cups water, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, 8 eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup cream, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 12 ounces prosciutto about 4 slices, cut in 14inch strips, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, finely diced, 1 red pepper, seeds and ribs removed, cut in 14inch strips, 1 green pepper, seeds and ribs removed, cut in 14inch strips, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 14 12ounces can diced, peeled tomatoes, drained, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, optional, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Eggs en Cocotte with a Basque Piperade, picturelink: eEPLxXbLzXL.VDiN9IIztOINUX0JCT6}, 10188: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8inch square baking dish with butter.nFor the crust: Combine the flour, butter, sugar and salt in the bowl of a food processor pulse to combine. Pat the crust into the prepared baking dish, leaving a small lip around the edge to hold the filling. Place in the oven and bake until slightly golden, 10 minutes.nFor the filling: In a small bowl, combine the eggs, lemon zest, lemon juice, flour, sugar and salt whisk together, then pour over the crust. Bake until the filling is firm and the crust is golden brown, 20 minutes.nLet cool for 30 minutes, then chill in the refrigerator until the filling is firm and has set, 1 hour.nRemove the lemon bars from baking dish and dust with confectioners sugar. Cut into 16 squares. Arrange on a platter and serve., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing the baking dish, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs, Zest of 1 lemon, Juice of 1 12 lemons about 3 tablespoons, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Farmhouse Lemon Bars, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 10189: {instructions: The month of August as a kid meant three things to me: my summer vacation was about to come to a halt, my birthday was only a month away, and my family would venture out to North Carolina to visit my grandparents on their farm. Whenever we would get to the farm in the midafternoon my grandmother would have a platter of deviled eggs, pimento cheese with soda crackers, and BLTs with the summers best tomatoes on the simple sandwich. Since those days past, the simple BLT sandwich has always been a source of comfort to me. When I had the opportunity to run a kitchen and bring out these same memories of comfort through food to my guests, but with a twist, I couldnt pass it up. This is where the Green Tomato BLT came from.nFor the remoulade: Whisk the shallots, garlic, mustard, vinegar, paprika, cayenne, lemon juice, horseradish, and salt and pepper, to taste. Whisk in the olive oil. Stir in the celery, parsley, and scallion. Reserve 1 tablespoon for the sandwich, and store the rest in the refrigerator for later use.nFor the fried tomatoes: Combine the buttermilk, salt, pepper, and egg in a bowl. Combine the flour with the Creole seasoning and garlic powder in another bowl.nHeat the oil in a 7inch castiron skillet over medium heat until the oil reaches approximately 150 degrees F on a candy thermometer.nDredge the green tomato slices in the flour mix, then the egg wash, and then the flour mix again and set aside.nOnce the oil is at the correct temperature, slowly place the green tomato slices in the oil. Make sure the oil is no higher than half way up your pan. Cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes on each side. Once golden on both sides, lift the tomatoes out and place on a plate that has been lined with a paper towel. Season with salt and pepper.nTo assemble: Place the butter in a pan and melt over mediumhigh heat. Toast both sides of the bread.nSlather both sides of the bread with reserved remoulade. Then layer with fried green tomatoes, Roma tomatoes, bacon, and arugula and top with the remaining slice of bread.nSlice in half and enjoy., ingredients: [12 cup finely chopped shallots, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 tablespoon Creole mustard, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons sweet Hungarian paprika, 2 teaspoons cayenne, 4 lemons, juiced, 1 cup prepared horseradish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped celery, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 12 cup finely chopped scallion, 3 cups buttermilk, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 14 tablespoon cracked pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 egg, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 tablespoon Creole seasoning, 14 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 quart vegetable oil, 1 green tomato, sliced into 3 thick slices, 2 12inch slices pain de mie bread, 14 cup softened butter, 1 Roma tomato, sliced into 4 thick slices, 4 14inch thick slices bacon, cooked until crispy, 14 cup arugula], title: Fried Green Tomato BLT, picturelink: null}, 10190: {instructions: In a medium bowl soak the bulgur in the boiling water for 1 hour. Drain the bulgur well, pressing out the excess water through a fine strainer or cheesecloth. Add the tomatoes, scallions, parsley and mint to the bulgur. Combine the ingredients well. Toss the bulgur mixture with the dressing ingredients. Refrigerate for 1 hour before serving.n, ingredients: [1 cup bulgur cracked fine or medium, 2 cups boiling water, 2 tomatoes, diced fine, 1 bunch scallions about 6 with tops, chopped fine, 3 bunches parsley, stems removed, chopped fine, 1 small bunch of mint, chopped fine, Juice of 1 lemon, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Tabbouleh, picturelink: null}, 10191: {instructions: Heat tea in a pot on the stove until hot, but not boiling. Add sweetened condensed milk and chai latte mix. Stir until latte mix is dissolved. Stir in remaining ingredients and let cool to room temperature. Stir in Irish whiskey and creambased liqueur, if desired.nFill highball or iced tea glass with ice. Pour tea over ice., ingredients: [1 16ounce bottle unsweetened iced tea recommended: Lipton, 14 cup vanilla chai latte mix recommended: Pacific Chai, 14 cup sweetened condensed milk, 8 drops yellow food coloring, 4 drops red food coloring, 2 shots Irish whiskey and cream based liqueur, optional recommended: Baileys Irish Cream, Ice cubes], title: Thai Iced Tea, picturelink: 9OJ9r1NA0ARbFAm5VB7dmIAke559kT6}, 10192: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCream together the butter and sugars in a mixing bowl, mixing until pale yellow and light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Mix in the eggs one at a time, and then the vanilla until combined.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a separate mixing bowl. Slowly incorporate the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients. Stir in the chocolate chips. Portion 2 tablespoons of dough for each cookie and roll together to form a ball, spacing the dough balls 2 inches apart on the baking sheet.nBake until the edges just start to brown, 12 to 14 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup light brown sugar, 13 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 cups milk chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 10193: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine crushed cookie wafers with melted butter and press onto bottom and up sides of a 9inch pie pan. Bake in oven for 10 minutes. Let cool.nCombine softened ice cream and 5 tablespoons coffeeflavored liqueur using a stand mixer or hand mixer until creamy. Fill pie crust with ice cream mixture, cover with plastic wrap and place in freezer for 3 to 4 hours.nWhip heavy cream with powdered sugar until soft peaks form. Top frozen pie with whipped cream. Refreeze for 1 hour.nCombine remaining tablespoon of coffeeflavored liqueur with hot fudge sauce, drizzle over top of pie and serve., ingredients: [1 package chocolate wafers, crushed, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 gallon coffee ice cream, softened on counter for 15 to 20 minutes, 6 tablespoons coffeeflavored liqueur, divided recommended: Kahlua, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 cup powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons hot fudge sauce], title: Coffee Liqueur Ice Cream Pie, picturelink: iL5NRvPDEC1CKKCOsIVqL2m0vU4XOmi}, 10194: {instructions: Melt the butter with the shallot in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat. Season with the salt and pepper and cook until the onions are soft, about 5 minutes. Add the rice and stir until coated with the butter. Increase the heat to mediumhigh. Let the rice cook until toasted, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes more.nStir in the broth, bay leaf, and rosemary. Bring to a simmer over low heat, cover, and cook until all the broth has been absorbed by the rice and the rice is tender, about 15 to 18 minutes. Remove from the heat and let set for 5 minutes. Discard the rosemary and bay leaf. Fluff the rice with a fork and serve.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups basmatistyle long grain rice, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh rosemary], title: Rice Pilaf, picturelink: i.m0hSXwpHykjlp9KXibiXIbCImu8qO}, 10195: {instructions: Follow the supper soup recipe, removing chicken thighs after 10 minutes of simmering. When cool enough to handle, shred into bitesize pieces and return to soup. Add lemon juice to the finished soup., ingredients: [1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 1 bag 10 ounces prewashed spinach, stemmed as needed, 1 medium zucchini, cut into medium dice, 12 cup long or mediumgrain white rice, 3 tablespoons juice from a medium lemon], title: Chicken Spinach Soup with Rice and Lemon, picturelink: null}, 10196: {instructions: In a chilled bowl beat the cream with the eaudevie de framboise and the sugar until it holds stiff peaks and transfer the mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a small fluted tip. Put 1 almond tuile on each of 2 dessert plates and cover it with some of the raspberries interspersed with rosettes of the whipped cream. Top the filling with another tuile and cover the tuile with another layer of raspberries and whipped cream rosettes. Cover the filling with the remaining tuiles and top each dessert with 3 raspberries surrounding a rosette of whipped cream., ingredients: [13 cup wellchilled heavy cream, 12 teaspoon eaudevie de framboise or vanilla, 12 teaspoon sugar, 6 flat almond tuiles recipe follows, 12 pint raspberries], title: Raspberry Almond Tuile Tortes, picturelink: null}, 10197: {instructions: Put the potato pieces in a large skillet and cover with water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer 3 minutes. Pour out all but about 1 tablespoon of the water.nAdd the olive oil, scallions, garlic and chili powder to the skillet and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add the bell peppers and 12 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes and peppers are tender, 5 to 7 more minutes. Add the tofu and 2 tablespoons water and cook until the tofu is heated through, about 3 more minutes. Season with salt.nWarm the tortillas in a skillet or in the microwave. Divide among plates and top with the tofu scramble. Pile the cheese, cherry tomatoes and lettuce on top.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 large Yukon gold potato, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 bell peppers 1 red, 1 green, chopped, Kosher salt, 1 14ounce block firm tofu, drained and crumbled, 4 8inch wholewheat tortillas, 14 cup shredded partskim mozzarella, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 cup shredded lettuce], title: TofuPotato Scramble, picturelink: 57MulvtsV28PCZwXZTGlwNOYDHI5HO}, 10198: {instructions: Mix 1 part soda to 1 part ale., ingredients: [2 cans Sprite soda, 2 bottles Harp Ale], title: Shandy, picturelink: null}, 10199: {instructions: Whisk all the dry ingredients together thoroughly and set aside. Beat butter and brown sugar together in the bowl of a mixer on medium speed until fluffy. Add the eggs, molasses, and water and beat until well combined.nBeat half of the flour mixture into the mixer until blended and smooth. Add the remaining flour mixture and then knead the dough until firm and manageable, but not dry. Add more flour if the dough is too wet.nPlace the dough in a sealable container or ziptop bag in a cool place for up to 2 hours. If you make the dough ahead of time and refrigerate it, bring to room temperature before working the dough.nWhen ready to roll out the dough, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray your cookie sheets with nonstick spray.nCut out desired shapes, working in small batches and keeping the remaining dough in an airtight container so that it does not dry out. Bake for 11 to 15 minutes, depending on the size of the pieces. The gingerbread will be light brown when it is done. Let cool before icing.nCombine egg white and powdered sugar in a microwaveable bowl and microwave until the mixture reaches 160 degrees F. The best way to do this is to microwave the mixture on high power, stopping every 20 seconds to take the temperature it will take about 2 minutes and 40 seconds, but cook time will vary based on microwaves. Make sure to use clean utensils each time you check the icing. The other option is to microwave the mixture for 45 seconds on high, but the consistency will not be as good.nBeat on high speed until the icing cools and holds a stiff peak, about 2 minutes. If the icing needs to be thicker, add up to 23 cup more sugar you will probably need to add about 13 cup more sugar. Food coloring can be added, if desired. Work with the icing in small amounts, keeping the remaining icing in an airtight container, as it will dry quickly. The icing can be rebeaten, if necessary.nBeat all ingredients together in the bowl of a mixer until stiff peaks form. Food coloring can be added, if desired. Work with the icing in small amounts, keeping the remaining icing in an airtight container, as it will dry quickly. The icing can be rebeaten if necessary., ingredients: [6 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 4 teaspoons ground ginger, 4 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, or allspice, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 12 cups light brown sugar, packed, 2 large eggs, 1 cup dark molasses, 1 tablespoon water, Royal Icing, recipe follows, 1 large egg white See Disclaimer, 23 cup powdered sugar, 1 13 cups powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon powdered egg whites, 2 tablespoons water], title: Gingerbread Dough, picturelink: null}}