{10200: {instructions: Cut 14 pound of the tuna against the grain into 12 thin slices. Finely chop the other 12 pound for the tartare.nTo prepare the tartare base, combine all the ingredients and mix well. Add the chopped fish and stir lightly to combine.nTo prepare the crispy wontons, in a saucepan, pour in the oil to a depth of 1inch and heat to 375 degrees. Add the wonton skins and fry, turning once, for 8 to10 seconds on each side, until light golden brown. Keep the wontons flat by using tongs to uncurl them. Using a wire skimmer, transfer to paper towels to drain. Allow to cool.nIn a bowl, combine all the ingredients for the dressing and mix well.nTo assemble, first roll the tuna slices up into roseshaped bundles. Reserving 2 tablespoons of the radish sprouts, stack in the following order: wonton skin, 16 of the tartare mixture, shiso leaf, wonton skin, 16 of the smoked salmon, radish sprouts, wonton skin, 2 tuna rolls.nSprinkle the top of the each napoleon with the reserved radish sprouts. Drizzle 3 tablespoons of the dressing around each plate. Garnish with pickled ginger and tobiko.nTo serve, cut through the entire stack with a knife, and smash the layers together with a fork to blend the flavors., ingredients: [34 pound sashimi grade tuna, 2 tablespoons good quality mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Vietnamese garlicchili sauce, 2 tablespoon chopped green onion, white and green parts, 2 teaspoons tobiko flying fish roe, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Peanut oil, for frying, 18 3inchsquare wonton skins, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons wasabi paste, 2 teaspoons ground toasted sesame seeds, 1 bunch radish sprouts, 8 shiso leaves, 14 pound smoked salmon, thinly sliced, 12 cup sliced pickled ginger, for garnish, 1 tablespoon tobiko flying fish roe, for garnish], title: Sashimi Napoleon, picturelink: null}, 10201: {instructions: Bring the soy sauce, maple syrup, red pepper flakes, 14 cup lemon juice and 1 cup water to a boil in a wide saucepan. Add the chicken in a single layer reduce the heat to medium low. Cover and simmer, turning occasionally, until just cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate reserve the liquid. Let cool, then shred.nPeel the sweet potatoes and cut into 12inch cubes. Add to the liquid in the saucepan cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until just tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a plate with a slotted spoon reserve the liquid. Let the potatoes and liquid cool.nCut the apples into matchsticks. Peel the cucumber, cut in half lengthwise and thinly slice. Combine the apples, cucumber, kale, sesame seeds, chicken, sweet potatoes and sesame oil in a large bowl. Toss with the reserved cooking liquid and the remaining 2 tablespoons lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper sprinkle with the peanuts.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons maple syrup preferably grade B, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juicefrom 2 to 3 lemons, 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 1 12 pounds sweet potatoes about 2 large, 2 firm apples such as Cortland or Pink Lady, 1 English cucumber, 1 5ounce package baby kale about 8 cups, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped salted peanuts], title: KaleSesame Chicken Salad, picturelink: wk6clXK.QsKYKvpsZvMJzhCkTLOX6}, 10202: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour 6 individual serving baking molds, such as the flexible non stick 100 percent silicone molds.nCream the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment for about 5 minutes, or until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, then the orange zest.nSift together 1 12 cups flour, the baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. In another bowl, combine the orange juice, buttermilk, and vanilla. Add the flour and buttermilk mixtures alternately in thirds to the creamed butter, beginning and ending with the flour. Toss the chocolate chunks with 1 tablespoon flour and add to the batter. Pour into the pans, smooth the tops, and bake for 30 minutes, until a cake tester comes out clean. Let the cakes cool in the molds on a wire rack for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the syrup. In a small saucepan over mediumlow heat, cook the sugar with the orange juice until the sugar dissolves. Remove the cake from the pans, put them on a rack over a tray, and spoon the orange syrup over the cakes. Allow the cakes to cool completely.nFor the ganache, melt the chocolate, heavy cream, and coffee in the top of a double boiler over simmering water until smooth and warm, stirring occasionally. Drizzle over the top of the cakes., ingredients: [14 pound unsalted butter at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 2 extralarge eggs at room temperature, 18 cup grated orange zest 2 large oranges, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour plus 1 tablespoon, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 3 ounces buttermilk at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup good semisweet chocolate chunks, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 4 ounces good semisweet chocolate chips, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon instant coffee granules], title: Mini Orange Chocolate Chunk Cake, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 10203: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Toss together the potatoes, oil, and thyme, and sprinkle with salt. Dump the potatoes out on a baking sheet and roast until tender and crisp on the edges, 30 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds red new potatoes, quartered, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Leaves from 14 bunch fresh thyme, Salt], title: HerbRoasted Potatoes, picturelink: RE5uBCS4wqTiNQwhzAbBgEd79p4gGGW}, 10204: {}, 10205: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the onions, carrots and parsnips. Add the oil, herbes de Provence, salt and pepper toss to coat evenly. Scatter the vegetables on a large nonstick rimmed baking sheet and roast for 20 minutes. Turn the vegetables over and roast until tender and beginning to brown, 15 to 20 minutes longer. Set the vegetables aside.nIn a salad bowl, combine the arugula, pear slices and roasted vegetables. Add the Apple Cider Vinaigrette and toss until coated. Sprinkle with the chopped walnuts and serve.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the vinegar, honey, salt and pepper until blended. Gradually whisk in the oil., ingredients: [18 red pearl onions, peeled, 2 large carrots, halved lengthwise, cut into 13inchwide pieces, 2 large parsnips, halved lengthwise, cut into 12inchwide pieces, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 34 teaspoon herbes de Provence, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, One 5ounce bag baby arugula, 1 ripe pear, halved, cored, cut into thin wedges, Apple Cider Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 12 cup chopped walnuts, toasted, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Roasted Root Vegetable Salad, picturelink: SERNiO0UqUOFxdSlFZFJehphWydbwO}, 10206: {instructions: Fill a large pot with 4 quarts of water. Squeeze the lemon juice into the water and add the squeezed lemon halves. Add the Old Bay, garlic and onion. Tie the thyme sprigs together with kitchen twine and add to the pot. Cover and bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook about 5 minutes.nAdd the potatoes to the pot and cook until just tender, about 10 minutes. Add the corn and cook 5 more minutes.nMeanwhile, slice along the back of each shrimp through the shells remove the veins and rinse the shrimp. Add to the pot, cover and cook until the shrimp curl and are just opaque, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the shrimp and vegetables with a slotted spoon or skimmer to a large bowl. Add the butter and about 1 cup broth to the bowl and toss until the butter is melted. Transfer the shrimp and vegetables to a platter. Serve with the remaining broth, lemon wedges and hot sauce, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 lemons, halved, plus wedges for serving, 12 cup Old Bay Seasoning, 8 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 large red onion, quartered, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 pound baby red potatoes, 4 ears corn, husked and snapped in half, 1 14 pounds large shrimp, unpeeled, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Hot sauce, for serving optional], title: Shrimp Boil, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 10207: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season both sides of bass fillets with salt, pepper and garlic and herb seasoning. Add bass to skillet and cook 1 to 2 minutes per side, until golden brown. Add vermouth and cook 1 minute, to allow alcohol to cook off. Add tomatoes and 12 cup of the olives and bring to a simmer. Simmer 5 minutes, until fish is forktender.nReheat rice with the oregano in a medium saucepan adding a little water if necessary or in the microwave. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nServe bass and sauce over rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 5 sea bass fillets about 5 to 6 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons garlic and herb seasoning, 12 cup vermouth, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 12 cups pitted Nicoise olives, divided, Reserved brown rice, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped oregano leaves], title: PanSeared Sea Bass with Olives, Tomatoes and Oregano Brown Rice, picturelink: y2gOtUd8k09zQbWkLDM3LqKreQqPx.G}, 10208: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, bell pepper and celery cook, stirring, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, curry powder, paprika, cayenne and 1 teaspoon salt cook, stirring, 2 more minutes.nAdd the tomatoes, chicken broth, brown sugar and 1 cup water to the pot, then whisk in the peanut butter until incorporated. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer gently, stirring occasionally, until the soup thickens slightly, about 30 minutes. Puree with an immersion blender or in a regular blender in batches.Season with salt and black pepper.nLadle the soup into bowls top with creme fraiche, celery leaves, cilantro and peanuts. Drizzle with olive oil. Photograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 green bell pepper, finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, plus leaves for topping, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon Madrasstyle curry powder, 12 teaspoon paprika, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 1 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon packed light brown sugar, 13 cup smooth peanut butter, Freshly ground black pepper, Creme fraiche, fresh cilantro and chopped peanuts, for topping], title: TomatoPeanut Soup, picturelink: d2BW.McYIFog4huCI9w27IPMx5mJ7E6}, 10209: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray an 8 x 8inch pan with flour nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE shortening, granulated sugar, brown sugar, eggs and vanilla in medium bowl beat at medium speed until blended.nCOMBINE flour, baking soda and salt in small bowl. Add gradually to shortening mixture at low speed. Beat until well blended. Stir in chocolate chips with spoon. Divide dough in half. Spread half in bottom of prepared pan.nCOMBINE caramels and water in small saucepan heat over very low heat. Stir until caramels melt. Spread over dough in pan to within 12 inch of edge. Spoon remaining dough over caramel mixture. Spread carefully.nBAKE 30 to 35 minutes or until golden brown. Loosen from sides of pan with knife. Remove pan to cooling rack to cool completely. Cut into 1 12 x 1 12inch bars., ingredients: [Pillsburyu00ae Baking Spray with Flour, 1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, or 1 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tsps. vanilla extract, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 tsp. baking soda, 1 tsp. salt, 2 cups 12 oz. pkg. semisweet chocolate chips, 1 14 oz. bag caramels, unwrapped, 2 tbsps. cold water], title: Chocolate Chip Caramel Bars, picturelink: tGjCP3h9ee1NHYGxOUzVueoVwHk7QyC}, 10210: {instructions: In a mixing bowl combine all the ingredients. Stir and toss well. Serve. Store in a covered container in the refrigerator no more than 1 day., ingredients: [4 medium ripe tomatoes, cored, seeded, and finely diced, 14 red onion, minced, 2 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired and minced, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only chopped, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 34 teaspoon salt, Pinch of freshly ground black pepper], title: Salsa Fresca, picturelink: null}, 10211: {instructions: Pop 13 cup popcorn kernels. Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add 5 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon curry powder and 34 teaspoon kosher salt stir 30 seconds. Remove from the heat, add the popcorn and toss to coat.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Golden Curry Popcorn, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 10212: {instructions: Peel potato and with a very sharp slicer cut lengthwise into paperthin slices.nOn a work surface arrange overlapping potato slices to form a rectangle as wide as one of the salmon pieces is long about 6 12 inches and long enough to wrap around it about 8 inches. You will need about 2 overlapping rows of about 4 overlapping slices. Season salmon with salt and pepper and place crosswise over potato seam in center of rectangle. Lift potato slices around salmon to enclose, overlapping slightly. Wrap remaining salmon piece in potato slices in same manner.nIn a large skillet heat 13inch oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Carefully slide wrapped salmon with a spatula into oil and fry 3 minutes, or until undersides are golden. Carefully turn salmon over with tongs or 2 spatulas and fry until potato is golden and salmon is just cooked through, about 3 minutes more. Transfer wrapped salmon to paper towels to drain.nIn a skillet cook spinach in 1 teaspoon butter over moderate heat, stirring, until just wilted, about 1 minute. Season spinach with salt and pepper and transfer to paper towels to drain.nIn cleaned skillet heat lemon juice, water, and mustard over moderately low heat, stirring. Add remaining 34 stick butter all at once and heat, swirling skillet constantly, just until sauce is creamy and butter is incorporated. Sauce must not get hot enough to separate. Remove skillet from heat and season sauce with salt and pepper.nMound spinach in center of 2 heated plates and top with salmon. Pour mustard sauce around spinach., ingredients: [1 large russet potato, Two 9ounce pieces centercut salmon fillet, skinned, Vegetable oil for frying, 1 bunch spinach about 34 pound, stems discarded, 34 stick 6 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon water, 2 teaspoons wholegrain mustard], title: Crispy PotatoWrapped Salmon with Mustard Sauce and Wilted Spinach, picturelink: null}, 10213: {instructions: Trim and discard the stems of the greens and wash and dry the leaves. Stack the leaves, roll into cylinders and cut across the rolls into 1inch strips. Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until bubbly. Saute one quarter of the greens with 18 teaspoon of the salt and a pinch of the pepper until the greens are limp, 30 seconds to 1 minute. If the greens begin to brown before they wilt, sprinkle in a few drops of water for steam. Transfer to a covered platter and repeat the procedure with the remaining 3 batches of greens. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 bunches red or green chard or mustard greens, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Seared Greens, picturelink: null}, 10214: {instructions: Place the pear, plum, lemon, and fresh ginger in a bowl. In a nonreactive saucepan, combine the water, sugar, and rice wine vinegar. Bring the liquid to a simmer and cook until sugar dissolves.nPlace the fruit mixture into a springtop glass jar and add the sprig of mint to the fruit. Slowly pour the hot pickling liquid over the fruit, filling the jar to the top.nCool the pickles, then refrigerate for 2 days up to 1 week before serving., ingredients: [1 Bartlett pear, thinly sliced, 1 red plum, seeded and quartered, 12 lemon, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, slivered, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 sprig fresh mint], title: Summer Fruits, picturelink: null}, 10215: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut tortilla on a baking sheet sprayed with nonstick spray. Bake in the oven until slightly crispy, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Leave oven on.nIn a small bowl, mix ricotta cheese with mozzarella cheese. Set aside.nBring a skillet coated with nonstick spray to medium heat on the stove. Add the onion and, stirring occasionally, cook until softened and slightly browned, about 5 or 6 minutes.nImmediately stir onion into cheese mixture. Add garlic powder, 18 teaspoon salt, and black pepper, and mix well.nSpread cheeseonion mixture evenly on top of the tortilla. Top with tomato slices and basil leaves, and then sprinkle with a dash of salt, if desired.nReturn the pizza to the oven and bake until hot, about 5 minutes. Use a pizza cutter or a sharp knife to cut into slices. Garnish with Parmesan, if using. Pizza for one, ingredients: [1 large low fat, highfiber, burritosize tortilla with about 100 calories, Nonstick cooking spray, as needed, 13 cup fatfree ricotta cheese, 1 tablespoon shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, 14 cup thinly sliced onion, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 thin slices plum tomato, 4 fresh basil leaves, plus more for serving, optional, Grated Parmesan cheese, for serving, optional], title: Crispy White Pizza, picturelink: gyzhitWoxpmX6jBS6gg.tgx2n67xPo2}, 10216: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a copper mugnPut the vodka in a copper mug. Squeeze the lime over the vodka. Add some Ginger Ice Cubes and top with the ginger beer., ingredients: [1 12 ounces vodka, Lime wedge, Ginger Ice Cubes see Cooks Note, 3 ounces ginger beer], title: Moscow Mule, picturelink: yzoGFtss7LumqiPKJu3Uc2iIYWSzT2}, 10217: {instructions: For the Chocolate Cake:nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F and spray 2 9inch cake pans with cooking spray.nFor each cake:nCombine all dry ingredients and sift. Combine all wet ingredients and whisk to incorporate. In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the sifted dry ingredients and butter. Add 13 of the wet ingredients and mix on medium speed for 1 minute. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and repeat this process 2 more times. Poor batter evenly into prepared cake pans. Bake in a preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes. Check the center of cakes with a toothpick for doneness. Cool., ingredients: [12 ounces cake flour, 1 12 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 10 ounces sugar, 4 egg whites, 9 ounces milk, 2 34 teaspoons vanilla extract, 6 ounces butter, softened, 34 cup cocoa powder, 2 12 cups cake flour, 1 34 cups sugar, 1 12 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups water, 4 eggs, 2 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 14 cups butter, softened], title: Vanilla VelvetChocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 10218: {instructions: Cook 1 cup bulgur as the label directs cool. Mix with 1 diced peeled cucumber, 1 cup chopped parsley, 12 cup each chopped mint and scallions, 14 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon allspice and some pepper. Sprinkle with minced jalapeno and crumbled feta.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Tabbouleh, picturelink: 7HzkjA2PIiNMRWIIRnxDD14M0PYgu}, 10219: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the cassoulet: In a medium saucepan over low heat, melt the butter. Add shallots, white beans, duck confit, sausage, and the reserved bean braising liquid. Simmer to blend flavors, about 15 to 20 minutes. If needed, add the reserved duck stock to maintain a saucelike but not syrupy consistency. At the very end, add the local braising greens. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Keep warm.nFor the duck breast: Season duck with salt and pepper. Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add the clarified butter. Place the duck breasts in the pan skin side down. Sear the breasts until the skin is crispy, about 2 to 3 minutes. Flip, add the garlic cloves, rosemary sprigs, and fresh butter. Bake until mediumrare, about 3 to 5 minutes, depending on the thickness of the duck. Let rest for about 5 minutes before slicing.nFor the foie gras: Place the portioned duck foie gras into a heavy duty freezer bag, pressing out the excess air to seal. Bring a saucepan or water to a gentle simmer. When ready to serve the dish, drop the bag of foie gras into the simmering water for about 2 minutes, until the foie gras is softened throughout.nIn a bowl, spoon the white bean ragout into the center. Allow the sauce to fill the bottom of the dish. Slice the duck breast, and place on the ragout skin side up. Open the bag of poached foie gras and season with kosher salt and white pepper. Place on top of the sliced duck breasts and enjoy., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 2 cups cooked white beans, 1 cup shredded duck confit, 4 links smoked sausage, peeled, sliced into half moons, recommended: Surry County rendered slightly, 1 cup reserved white bean cooking liquid, 1 cup duck stock, if necessary, 2 pounds cooked local braising greens, such as collards, kale, chard and frisee, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 4 wild mallard duck breasts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons clarified butter, plus 2 tablespoons whole butter, 2 cloves garlic, 2 sprigs rosemary, 6 ounces duck foie gras, cut into 4 portions, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper], title: Wild Mallard Duck Cassoulet with Duck Confit, White Beans, Surry County Sausage, Braised Greens, and Poached Duck Foie Gras, picturelink: null}, 10220: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Be sure your stove is well ventilatednHeat a large 10inch castiron skillet over high heat for 5 to 7 minutes. Pat the filets dry with paper towels and brush all over with the canola oil. Combine the fleur de sel and cracked pepper on a small plate and roll the filets on the top, bottom and sides in the seasoning, pressing lightly to coat. When the skillet is very hot, add the filets and sear evenly all over top, bottom and sides for about 2 minutes per side.nTransfer the steaks from the skillet to a sheet pan set the skillet aside and place in the oven for 8 to 12 minutes, until the steaks register 120 degrees F on a meat thermometer for medium rare. Remove from the oven, cover the sheet pan tightly with aluminum foil and allow to rest for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the butter in a medium 8inch saute pan over mediumlow heat. Add the mushrooms and saute for 4 to 5 minutes, until they release their juices. Stir in the sherry and cook for 10 to 12 minutes, until the mushrooms are cooked through. Sprinkle with 14 teaspoon kosher salt and 18 teaspoon pepper and set aside.nAt the same time, add the olive oil to the castiron skillet donu00bft wipe it out, add the shallots and cook over mediumlow heat for 2 minutes. Add the Cognac, stirring to deglaze the skillet, and cook for 2 minutes, until the Cognac evaporates and the shallots are tender. Stir in the cream and simmer for 4 to 5 minutes, until thickened. Stir in the two mustards and taste for seasonings.nRemove the strings from the filets and place on a platter. Spoon the mustard sauce around the filets. Spoon the mushrooms on top of the filets and sprinkle with parsley. Serve hot.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [2 2inchthick filets mignons, tied 10 to 12 ounces each, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 12 teaspoons fleur de sel, 1 teaspoon coarsely cracked black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 6 ounces cremini mushrooms, stemmed and sliced 14 inch thick, 1 tablespoon dry sherry, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons good olive oil, 14 cup minced shallots, 1 12 tablespoons Cognac or brandy, 34 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves], title: Filet Mignon with Mustard and Mushrooms, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 10221: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace chicken in a bowl and season with grill seasoning. Add egg, half of the grated cheese, bread crumbs, parsley, and a serious drizzle of extravirgin olive oil to the bowl. Mix the meat and form 12 large meatballs. Squish the balls to flatten them a bit like mini oval meatloaves. Be careful not to form the balls wider than your bread. The flattened balls will stay put on your sub, no rollaways Bake the meatballs 15 minutes until golden and firm. Switch the broiler on.nWhile the meatballs bake, heat a medium skillet over medium heat. Add 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil and garlic and cook 5 minutes then remove the cloves. Add crushed red pepper flakes then tomatoes and stir in the chicken stock. Season the sauce with salt and pepper and simmer 10 minutes, adjust seasonings and stir in the basil. Reserve a extra sauce for dipping on dinner table.nRemove the meat from oven and loosen with a thin spatula. Turn meat balls in sauce.nCut sub rolls making the bottom a little deeper than the top. Hollow out a little bread and lightly toast the sub rolls under broiler. Fill the bottoms of the breads with flattened balls and sauce. Combine the provolone and remaining Parmigiano. Cover the subs with cheese and return to broiler to melt the cheese until golden., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground chicken, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning blend recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, 1 large egg, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 12 cup Italian bread crumbs, Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling plus, plus 3 tablespoons, 3 turns of the pan, Handful of chopped parsley leaves, 2 large cloves garlic, cracked from skin and split, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, a healthy couple of pinches, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, recommended: San Marzano, 1 cup chicken stock, Salt, Pepper, 8 to 10 leaves fresh basil, torn or shredded, 4 6 to 8inch crusty sub rolls, 1 12 cups shredded provolone], title: Chicken Parm Meatball Subs, picturelink: qoccZUc4ZdA1heJxYOe9S0d5KcGkvWS}, 10222: {instructions: Combine the cream cheese, mayonnaise and blue cheese in a small saucepan. Cook over medium heat until smooth, stirring frequently, about 3 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly, about 5 minutes, and then stir in the celery.nHeat the butter in a large skillet over medium heat until melted. Add the hot dogs and cook until heated through, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Stir in the hot sauce and cook until the hot dogs are coated, 1 to 2 minutes. Slice vertically through each potato bun, about halfway through so it resembles a topsplit hot dog bun, and place 2 buffalo dogs in each. Top with 1 to 2 teaspoons of the blue cheese sauce, a drizzle of hot sauce as spicy as you like it, some red onions and crushed blue chips.nServe the sliders with any extra blue cheese sauce and celery sticks on the side for dipping., ingredients: [3 ounces cream cheese, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup crumbled strong blue cheese, such as Maytag blue, 2 ribs celery, finely chopped about 1 cup, plus extra ribs cut into sticks for serving, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 48 cocktail hot dogs, 14 cup hot pepper sauce, plus extra for drizzling, such as Franks, 24 slider potato rolls, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 1 cup blue potato chips, crushed with your hands], title: Buffalo Puppies, picturelink: q87aL8.cp4zzxixVgXFqK6OBquAqSBG}, 10223: {instructions: To make the vinaigrette: Combine all vinaigrette ingredients except the oils in a food processor and process until the basil is finely chopped. With the machine running, add the oils in a stream. Preheat the grill or grill pan. Arrange the corn in one layer on a rack set 4 inches from the glowing coals or on a grillpan and grill, turning 4 times, for 3 minutes on a side. Remove corn from grill and cool. Cut kernels from the cobs and mix with enough vinaigrette to cover generously. Stir in tomatoes. Season to taste with salt and pepper and serve.nTo make the vinaigrette: Combine all vinaigrette ingredients except the oils in a food processor and process until the basil is finely chopped. With the machine running, add the oils in a stream. Preheat the grill or grill pan. Arrange the corn in one layer on a rack set 4 inches from the glowing coals or on a grillpan and grill, turning 4 times, for 3 minutes on a side. Remove corn from grill and cool. Cut kernels from the cobs and mix with enough vinaigrette to cover generously. Stir in tomatoes. Season to taste with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [34 cup packed basil leaves, washed and dried, 12 teaspoon dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, A pinch of sugar, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 10 ears corn, husked, 34 pound cherry tomatoes, quartered], title: Corn and Tomato Salad with Basil Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 10224: {instructions: Put wine and water in a pot. Bring to almost a boil. It shouldnt come to a full boil. Add the flour all at once and stir constantly with a wooden spoon. When the dough comes out of the pot in a single piece remove it from the heat. Place on lightly oiled marble or counter surface. Knead by pounding with a rolling pin. Do this for 10 minutes so as to make it smooth and homogeneous. Roll the dough into snakes about as thick as your little finger. Pull off small pieces of dough, rub the dough between your hands and pinch ends together to make small rings.nHeat the oil and fry the zeppole a few at a time. Prick balls with a skewer as they fry, so the dough will bubble out and they become crunchier and more golden. Drain them on paper towels. Dredge them in the cinnamonsugar mixture. Serve hot or cold., ingredients: [12 cup white wine,, 2 12 cups water, Pinch salt, 2 12 cups flour, sifted, Olive oil, for frying, 3 teaspoons powdered cinnamon mixed with 1 cup sugar], title: Zeppole, picturelink: null}, 10225: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the noodles and bring back to a boil. Boil for 1 minute for cellophane noodles and 2 to 3 minutes for angel hair pasta. Drain in a colander and rinse under running water. Set aside.nStir the pork with 2 tablespoons of the soy sauce, the sesame oil, the cornstarch, and 12 of the scallions in a small bowl.nHeat the vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat until almost smoking. Add the ginger, garlic, and chile paste. Cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the pork mixture and cook for 1 minute longer. Stir in the cabbage and the remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce. Cook, stirring, until the cabbage is almost wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the cooked noodles and cook, cutting them slightly with the side of the spatula, until the pork is no longer pink, about 1 minute. Pour in the chicken stock and add the remaining scallions. Season with salt and pepper and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Cover loosely with foil and simmer until the noodles have absorbed some of the stock, about 3 minutes, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 pound cellophane noodles bean threads or angel hair pasta, 1 pound ground pork, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Asian toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 6 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon Asian chile paste, 2 cups shredded Napa cabbage, 23 cup chicken stock, preferably homemade, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Ants in a Tree, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 10226: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees. Season the skin side of the filet with the salt and pepper. Heat the oil in an ovenproof saute pan to medium high. When the oil is hot, add the fish, skin side down, and saute for one minute until a slight crust forms and the filet isnt sticking to the pan. Place the saute pan in the hot oven for 6 to 8 minutes until the flesh is firm and cooked through. Remove the saute pan from the oven and place it on the stove over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter, garlic, shallot, rosemary and thyme and baste the fish with the sauce. Remove the filet to a paper towel. Place a dollop of Preserved Lemon Dressing on a plate and place 3 to 4 Grilled Carrots on top of the dressing. Arrange the filet to the side of the carrots and garnish with the dill.nPlace the ingredients in a blender and blitz until the sauce is smooth and creamy. Cooks Note: To make homemade preserved lemons, submerge 6 Meyer lemons, quartered, in a quart of salt and a quart of sugar and water for 30 days.nPeel the baby carrots and place them in a bowl. Add the salt, pepper and olive oil and toss together. Arrange the carrots on a baking sheet set over a sheet pan and broil them under a preheated salamander on high for 4 minutes, turning it down to low for a further 4 minutes. They are done when they are fork tender with a slight bite and have a nice roasted color., ingredients: [8 ounce filet of bass, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 cup vegetable or canola oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 to 3 cloves of garlic, chopped, 1 shallot, chopped, Branch fresh rosemary, Sprig fresh thyme, Preserved Lemon Dressing, for serving, recipe follows, Grilled Carrots, for serving, recipe follows, Fresh dill for garnish, 1 preserved lemon, storebought or homemade, cut in quarters see note, 1 pint of mayonnaise, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 6 to 8 baby carrots, 34 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, Drizzle olive oil], title: Striped Bass and Preserved Lemon Dressing with Grilled Carrots, picturelink: tKcqYZxfESSNlidG1jcksiB1xfWR6}, 10227: {instructions: Heat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a roasting pan, combine the parsnips, onions and rosemary. Season with salt and pepper. Add the olive oil and toss until the vegetables are thoroughly coated.nRoast, shaking the pan every 15 minutes, until the vegetables are deep amber, 40 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound parsnips, ends trimmed, 1 pound cipolline onions, peeled, 14 cup fresh rosemary leaves, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Roasted Parsnips and Onions, picturelink: null}, 10228: {instructions: Melt some butter in a skillet, then lay a flour tortilla in the pan and top with grated cheddar and thinly sliced apple on one side. Fold the tortilla in half and cook until golden on both sides. Cut into wedges., ingredients: [], title: Apple Quesadillas, picturelink: yYMNr7wH6zdvyqDuBqkehVyxamkiVay}, 10229: {instructions: To make the cake: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment and draw on 2 9inch circles. Cooks Note: You could also do rectangles.nIn a small bowl, combine the ground almonds, cornstarch, and all but 2 tablespoons of the sugar. In a separate bowl, beat the whites to soft peaks, and then beat in the remaining sugar to make a stiff meringue. Fold in the almond mixture in 3 batches to combine thoroughly. Using a piping bag with a large tip, pipe the meringue onto the circles on the parchment. Bake until crisp and dry, about 1 12 hours.nTo make the buttercream: Heat the sugar with 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons water to dissolve, then boil to softball stage, which is just before the syrup changes color 235 to 240 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Beat the egg yolks in a standup mixer, then, with the beaters running, quickly add the hot syrup in a thin stream. Continue beating until the mixture is cool and forms and thick mousse, about 5 minutes. Beat in the butter, gradually, and finally add the vanilla.nTo assemble the cake: Set a round of meringue on a serving plate. Spread over a quarter of the buttercream. Lay in a layer of sliced peaches. Spread the top layer with buttercream and set it on top of the first. Spread the remaining butter cream over the sides of the cake. Press the toasted almonds all around the sides. Arrange another layer of peach slices on top., ingredients: [4 ounces ground almonds or hazelnuts, 1 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 egg whites, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 egg yolks, 1 cup or 2 sticks butter, very soft, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 6 peaches, sliced], title: Almond Meringue Cake with Peaches, picturelink: null}, 10230: {instructions: 1.Preheat grill for indirect medium heat 325u00b0F to 350u00b0F. Mix seasoned salt, sugar, garlic powder and pepper in small bowl. Rub chicken with oil. Rub cavity with 1 tablespoon of the seasoning mixture. Sprinkle remaining seasoning mixture under skin over surface of chickenn2.Remove about u00bc cup beer and poke 2 holes in top of can. Hold chicken upright legs pointing down and insert opened beer can into cavity. Stand chicken in upright position in center of grill. Position legs to best support chicken similar to a tripod. Close lid.n3.Grill chicken 1u00bd hours or until cooked through internal temperature of breast reaches 165u00b0F and thigh is 175u00b0F. Remove chicken from can before serving, ingredients: [2 tablespoons Lawrysu00ae Seasoned Salt, 2 tablespoons packed brown sugar, 2 teaspoons Lawrysu00ae Garlic Powder with Parsley, 2 teaspoons coarse ground black pepper, 1 whole chicken, about 5 pounds, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 can 12 ounces beer], title: Lawrys Beer Can Chicken, picturelink: YfzGatz8ipwDjKtUW2Bb4WVhOZJYIi}, 10231: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSpray 2 mini muffin tins each with 24 cups with nonstick spray. Whisk the eggs, milk, pepper, and salt in a large bowl to blend well. Stir in the ham, cheese, and parsley. Fill prepared muffin cups almost to the top with the egg mixture. Bake until the egg mixture puffs and is just set in the center, about 8 to 10 minutes. Using a rubber spatula, loosen the frittatas from the muffin cups and slide the frittatas onto a platter. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable oil cooking spray, 8 large eggs, 12 cup whole milk, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces thinly sliced ham, chopped, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves], title: Mini Frittatas, picturelink: 7Zz9GSVE4o16ip.oq9H35ujSsJZg3lW}, 10232: {instructions: In a bowl combine well the mayonnaise, the sour cream and the blue cheese., ingredients: [23 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup sour cream, 13 cup crumbled blue cheese], title: Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: null}, 10233: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn small bowl combine the grapefruit segments, juice, and zest. Halve the fennel bulb lengthwise, thinly slice and add to the bowl. Add the olive oil, olives, parsley, 12 teaspoon salt, and red pepper flakes. Stir to combine.nMeanwhile, place the fish on a parchmentlined roasting dish. Sprinkle with remaining 12 teaspoon of salt and pepper and bake for 10 to 12 minutes depending on thickness.nGently transfer the fish to a serving plate. Top with the grapefruit and fennel salsa and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup ruby red grapefruit segments about 2 grapefruits, 14 cup grapefruit juice, 1 teaspoon grapefruit zest, 1 fennel bulb, trimmed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons pitted nicoise olives, halved, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 4 6ounce pieces halibut, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Roasted Halibut with Grapefruit Fennel Salsa, picturelink: KQ2Vd59JAtIQd4.Lazf8s.Kz84V.Oq}, 10234: {instructions: Lightly mix 6 ounces ground beef chuck with a big pinch of kosher salt. Form into three, 2ounce balls, then into 34inchthick patties make an indentation in the centers.nHeat a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat sprinkle the skillet with salt. Cook the burgers 3 minutes per side. Top with Swiss in the last minute of cooking cover to melt. Serve on mini potato buns with pickles and ketchup., ingredients: [], title: Sliders, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 10235: {instructions: Heat a skillet over high flame. Put 3 tablespoons of olive oil, onions, garlic, thyme, and saute for 1 minute. Then add the chicken stock, and allow the sauce to reduce by 12. Now add the pasta, tomatoes, mozzarella, spinach, and toss to combine. Season the pasta with salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil., ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons onion, small diced, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 12 pound bowtie pasta, cooked, 2 cups cherry tomato, halved, 1 cup fresh mozzarella, small cubes, 1 bunch fresh spinach, roughly chopped, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Bowtie Pasta with Mozzarella Saute, picturelink: null}, 10236: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Whisk together the eggs and sugar until frothy. Add vanilla specks, flour, and salt. Mix until incorporated. Fold in the milk and 12 the creme fraiche.nSpray a 10inch teflon pan with vegetable spray. Pour 13 of the batter into the pan. Bake in the oven for 3 minutes, just until the batter sets. Remove pan from oven and spread the mixed berries on as the next layer. Pour remaining batter over the berries. Return the pan to the oven and continue baking for 12 to 16 minutes, or until the edges start to brown and the middle rises. Take out and let cool for 20 minutes.nMix the remaining 13 cup of creme fraiche with the confectioners sugar. Cut the clafouti into 4 to 6 wedges, dust with the extra confectioners sugar and serve with the remaining berries and sweetened creme fraiche., ingredients: [2 eggs, 13 cup sugar, 12 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 3 tablespoons flour, Pinch salt, 23 cups creme fraiche, 13 cup milk, 1 pint mixed berries: strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, plus extra for dusting], title: Berry Clafouti with Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 10237: {instructions: In a 1 12 quart saucepan combine vinegar, wine, shallots, salt and white pepper and bring to a simmer.nGently simmer liquid until reduced to 1 12 tablespoons. Remove from heat and immediately swirl or whisk in 2 pieces of chilled butter. As the butter is incorporated into the liquid add another piece and continue to swirl or whisk. Return pan to low heat and while constantly swirling or whisking add successive pieces of butter. When all of the butter has been added remove from heat. Sauce will be thick and creamy. Adjust seasoning to taste. Serve immediately. To hold the sauce, set the pan in a larger pan of lukewarm water. If the sauce separates, transfer a spoonful of the sauce to a cold mixing bowl and gradually whisk the rest of the sauce in by the spoonful. The sauce can be reheated by gradually whisking 2 to 3 tablespoons of hot liquid, i.e. water, cream or stock., ingredients: [4 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 4 tablespoons dry white wine, 2 tablespoons finely minced shallots, Salt and white pepper, 2 sticks unsalted butter, chilled and cut into 16 pieces], title: White Butter Sauce: Beurre Blanc, picturelink: null}, 10238: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a small saucepan and cover with cold water season with salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer until tender, about 5 minutes drain.nMeanwhile, preheat a grill to medium high. Make the dressing: Combine 14 cup water, the cream cheese, lemon juice, horseradish, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a blender puree until smooth.nBrush the skin side of the fish with the remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil. Transfer to the grill, skinside down cover and cook until just opaque, about 6 minutes. Carefully transfer the fish to a plate discard the skin. Flake the fish into large pieces.nToss the potatoes with the escarole, romaine, radishes, apple, herbs and dressing in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Add the fish and lightly toss.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 pound baby redskinned potatoes, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 3 ounces cream cheese, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon horseradish, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground pepper, 1 pound skinon Arctic char or wild salmon fillet, 1 head escarole, chopped, 1 romaine heart, chopped, 6 radishes, thinly sliced, 1 green apple, thinly sliced, 34 cup chopped fresh dill andor chives], title: Arctic Char Salad with Apples, picturelink: q7tgwdU36bpBWmYAB5s1hFqq.KhP5O}, 10239: {instructions: Heat oil over medium high heat in a large pot. Brown the lamb pieces in batches. Remove the meat and reserve. Add the onions, garlic, carrots, bay leaves, dried oregano, black pepper, and potatoes. Cook until the potatoes are lightly browned. Deglaze the pot the red wine vinegar. Add the lamb pieces. Allow the liquid to reduce until dry. Add the lemon juice and yogurt. Mix well. Add water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer slowly for 1 to 1 12 hours until the lamb is tender. Periodically skim off any froth that has risen to the top of the pot. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Serve in bowls or soup plates. Garnish with a dollop of yogurt and serve with pita bread.nTo strain yogurt, place yogurt in a cheesecloth and tie with a short piece of string. Place cheesecloth pouch into a strainer and place over a medium bowl. Let sit in refrigerator for 1 hour. Discard liquid and remove yogurt from cheesecloth., ingredients: [3 12 pounds of lamb deboned and cut in 1inch pieces, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large onions, peeled and cut into medium dice, 2 large garlic cloves, peeled and sliced, 4 medium carrots, peeled and sliced on the bias, 3 bay leaves, 14 cup dried oregano, crushed, 2 tablespoons black pepper freshly ground, 4 large potatoes peeled, cut into medium dice, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup lemon juice, 1 quart yogurt, strained, reserve 4ounces for garnish, 3 quarts water, Salt and pepper, to taste, Pita bread, optional], title: Yogurt Braised Leg of Lamb, picturelink: null}, 10240: {instructions: Put the chiles in a 9by13inch glass baking dish and set aside for stuffing.nCombine the tuna, peas, corn and mayonnaise in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nStuff the peppers with the tuna mixture. Place back in the baking dish they should fit snugly. Pour the pickled carrots and jalapeno juice over the stuffed chiles. Let come to room temperature, then cover and chill for 2 hours or overnight. Serve cold., ingredients: [8 Anaheim chiles, charred, stemmed and seeded, left whole for stuffing see Cooks Note, Two 6ounce cans albacore tuna in water, drained, 1 cup fresh peas from 1 pound in the shell, or canned or thawed frozen peas, 12 cup fresh corn kernels from 1 ear, or canned or thawed frozen corn, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 14.1ounce can carrots in jalapeno pickling juice], title: Chilled TunaStuffed Chiles, picturelink: OI5mBMAzxJJhuiUllnPRL4k6TbKIK}, 10241: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce: In a blender or food processor, combine the peppers with the stock, garlic, onions, cilantro and some salt and pepper, then puree. In a saucepot over medium heat, melt the butter, then whisk in the flour. Add the milk and cream and raise the heat a bit. Add the poblano puree and simmer to thicken and cook the sauce, 20 to 25 minutes.nFor the casserole: Heat the EVOO in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat add the butter and melt into the oil. Brown the mushrooms, about 10 minutes. Then add the corn and shallots, and cook to lightly brown the corn and soften the shallots, about 5 minutes more. Add the turkey and stock and heat through.nChar the tortillas over an open flame on a gas burner, or in dry skillet.nLayer half the turkey, mushrooms and corn in a casserole dish, and top with half the sauce, cheese and a shingled layer of 3 tortillas. Top the tortillas with the remaining turkey, mushrooms and corn, tortillas, sauce and cheese. Cool and store for a makeahead meal, or bake to serve. Bake at 400 degrees F from room temperature until heated through and brown and bubbly., ingredients: [3 medium poblano peppers, seeded and stemmed, chopped, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 small onion, chopped, A small handful fresh cilantro leaves, plus a few leaves for garnishing, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 cup milk, 12 cup heavy cream or Mexican crema, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 ounces sliced button or crimini mushrooms, 2 cups fresh about 4 ears or frozen and defrosted corn kernels, 2 shallots or 1 small red onion, chopped, 4 to 5 cups chopped cooked turkey meat, 1 cup chicken stock, Six 8inch flour tortillas, 2 12 cups shredded Monterey Jack or Cheddar, 1 12 cups shredded Manchego cheese], title: Turkey, Mushroom and Corn Mexican Casserole, picturelink: qqGbRZ.g8OXUDuzjD3.ZDU6hhviAii}, 10242: {instructions: In a large serving bowl, combine the carrots, broccoli slaw, jalapeno and red onion. Set aside.nIn a small saucepan, add the vinegar, lime zest, lime juice, salt, sugar, red pepper flakes and the black pepper. Bring to a light boil over low heat. Remove from heat and allow to cool for a few minutes.nAdd the olive oil to the vinegar mixture, pour over the vegetables and toss together to combine. Refrigerate until serving., ingredients: [1 cup shredded carrots, 2 cups shredded broccoli slaw, 1 red jalapeno, seeded and minced, 12 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Packin A Punch Broccoli Slaw, picturelink: E8Hdb0hhoWqFBBIjmoRdYaVDfXwOqWe}, 10243: {instructions: In a deep heavy saucepan combine the brown sugar, maple syrup, and cream and cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring and washing down any sugar crystals clinging to the sides of the pan with a brush dipped in cold water, until the sugar is dissolved. Bring the mixture to a boil and boil it, undisturbed, until a candy thermometer registers 250 degrees F. Remove the pan from the heat, add the butter, and swirl the pan gently until the butter is melted. Let the maple caramel cool for 5 minutes.nPush a wooden skewer or chopstick through the length of each apple and holding the apples by the skewers dip the apples 1 at a time in the maple caramel, coating them well and letting the excess drip off. Put the apples on buttered baking sheets until the maple caramel is cool and firm. Serve the apples immediately., ingredients: [1 pound dark brown sugar, 1 12 cups maple syrup, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 10 Granny Smith or other tart apples, chilled], title: Maple Caramel Apples, picturelink: null}, 10244: {instructions: Distribute the arugula evenly among four serving plates.nPut the pancetta into a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook until really crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels.nPut 2 tablespoons butter and the oil into the skillet and reduce the heat to low. When the butter has melted, place the pears in the pan and season with salt and pepper and 2 tablespoons honey. Turn up the heat to medium and cook until the pears are lightly caramelized, about 5 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon vinegar and cook for another minute. Remove the pears from the pan, reserving any juices that may be left.nArrange the pears and pancetta on top of the arugula so each serving has 4 pear quarters and 4 slices pancetta.nPut the pan back on medium heat and add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, remaining 1 tablespoon honey, remaining 2 tablespoons vinegar, mustard, pine nuts, salt and pepper. Cook briefly until the dressing is heated through. Pour the dressing over the salads, then scatter over the gorgonzola crumbles. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Two 5ounce bags baby arugula, 16 slices pancetta, about 6 ounces, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 pears, peeled, cored and quartered, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 6 ounces gorgonzola cheese, crumbled], title: PanFried Balsamic Pear Salad with Pancetta, Gorgonzola and a Warm Honey Dressing, picturelink: null}, 10245: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBegin by baking the potatoes, as this will take the longest. Place potatoes onto a baking sheet. Pierce with a fork, drizzle with olive oil and season with salt. Place into preheated oven and bake for about 1 hour.nWhile they are baking prepare the stuffing. Make a mornay sauce by combining the butter and flour over medium heat and then whisking in the milk. Fold in about 2 cups cheese and stir until melted. Once melted, remove from heat and fold in the cooked broccoli florets, crispy bacon bits, chopped chives and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nWhen the potatoes are done make a cut across the top and squeeze it from the bottom so a small pouch opens up and the bottom is squared off. Spoon the filling over the top of the potato, sprinkle with cheese, season with pepper, to taste, and then pop in the oven for 2 more minutes until golden brown and bubbly., ingredients: [4 mediumsized Idaho potatoes, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 12 stick butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup milk, About 2 cups, plus more for topping, shredded sharp white Cheddar, 2 heads broccoli, florets, blanched in salty water, 12 pound bacon, medium dice, cooked until crisp, 2 tablespoons chives, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper], title: The Ultimate Stuffed Potato, picturelink: 7.R3TZHoMlaIJCJpkLWlJpeXmXbYjq}, 10246: {instructions: Blend the kiwi, ginger, coconut milk, hemp seeds, parsley and agave nectar and 12 cup ice in a blender on high speed until light and frothy, about 3 minutes. Pour into a tall glass and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 ripe kiwis, peeled and sliced, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced, 34 cup canned light coconut milk, 14 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup raw shelled hemp seeds, such as Hemp Hearts, 1 tablespoon agave nectar], title: KiwiGinger Zinger Protein Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 10247: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, whip the cream cheese, pineapple, and sour cream until light. Mix in remaining ingredients. Divide among 4 serving bowls, sprinkle with remaining coconut and serve., ingredients: [4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 12 cup canned crushed pineapple, strained, 14 cup sour cream, 1 cup canned sliced peaches in heavy syrup, strained, 1 cup mini marshmallows, 12 cup drained, canned fruit cocktail in heavy syrup, 12 cup sweetened shredded coconut, plus 1 12 tablespoons for garnish, 14 cup canned mandarin oranges in heavy syrup, strained, 14 cup unsweetened coconut milk], title: Christinas Ambrosia, picturelink: null}, 10248: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the stick of butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onions, garlic, bay leaves, thyme, and salt and pepper and cook until the onions are very soft and caramelized, about 25 minutes. Add the wine, bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer until the wine has evaporated and the onions are dry, about 5 minutes. Discard the bay leaves and thyme sprigs. Dust the onions with the flour and give them a stir. Turn the heat down to medium low so the flour doesnt burn, and cook for 10 minutes to cook out the raw flour taste. Now add the beef broth, bring the soup back to a simmer, and cook for 10 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nWhen youre ready to eat, preheat the broiler. Arrange the baguette slices on a baking sheet in a single layer. Sprinkle the slices with the Gruyere and broil until bubbly and golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes.nLadle the soup in bowls and float several of the Gruyere croutons on top.nAlternative method: Ladle the soup into bowls, top each with 2 slices of bread and top with cheese. Put the bowls into the oven to toast the bread and melt the cheese., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, 4 onions, sliced, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 bay leaves, 2 fresh thyme sprigs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup red wine, about 12 bottle, 3 heaping tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 quarts beef broth, 1 baguette, sliced, 12 pound grated Gruyere], title: French Onion Soup, picturelink: Xqa1Hw7uZ90CtDWYELJTTJaZjrnrvC}, 10249: {}, 10250: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing: Combine the buttermilk, yogurt and ranch mix in a small bowl and whisk together.nFor the salad: Place the eggs in a small saucepan and fill with cold water bring to a boil. Immediately remove from the heat and cover the pot for 10 minutes. Drain the eggs and submerge in an ice bath for 5 minutes. Peel and set aside.nLay the chicken flat on a cutting board and slice each breast in half horizontally. Sprinkle with the salt and pepper, then rub the chicken with the oil on all sides. Cook the chicken on a grill pan or grill set to high heat, about 5 minutes per side.nPlace the bacon strips on a papertowellined microwavesafe plate. Place another paper towel on top of the bacon and microwave for 5 minutes on high heat.nDice the chicken, eggs and bacon. Toss the kale with half of the dressing, then arrange on the serving plates. Divide the chicken, eggs, bacon, onions, avocados and tomatoes in clusters or lines among the plates. Drizzle the remaining dressing over the top or serve the dressing on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons buttermilk, 2 tablespoons nonfat Greek yogurt, 1 teaspoon ranch soupdip mix, 2 large eggs, 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 strips centercut bacon, 3 12 cups shredded kale, ribs removed, 1 tablespoon chopped red onion, 1 medium avocado, diced, 1 large tomato, diced], title: PowerPacked Kale Cobb Salad, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 10251: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large pot of boiling water, cook rice for 5 minutes and drain. Rinse under running water and set aside to drain. In a saucepan, combine milk, cream, vanilla, zest and cinnamon. Bring mixture to a boil and stir. Turn off heat and stir in butter and sugar. Let mixture cool for 15 minutes. Add the rice to the milk mixture and pour into a baking dish. Cover with foil and bake about 1 hour and 15 minutes. Stir mixture after 45 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 cup long grain white rice, 2 cups milk, 1 cup light cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup sugar], title: Baked Rice Pudding, picturelink: A8eLjnA2xxUnllLnrbvcpg.htlyyqee}, 10252: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove the garlic with a slotted spoon and discard. Increase the heat to high and add the salami, onion, peppers and red pepper flakes. Cook, stirring, until the salami starts to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato puree and 12 cup water and cook until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes.nReduce the heat to medium. Scatter the parsley leaves into the skillet. Make 4 indentations in the pepper mixture for the eggs. Break 2 eggs into a small bowl, then pour both into one of the indentations. Repeat with the remaining eggs. Sprinkle with the grated cheese. Cover and cook until the whites are set and the yolks are cooked to desired doneness. Serve with the bread.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 4 ounces delisliced salami, roughly chopped, 1 medium onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 Italian green frying pepper, thinly sliced, 1 small yellow bell pepper, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 cup tomato puree or marinara sauce, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, 8 large eggs, 2 tablespoons grated pecorino romano or parmesan cheese, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Eggs in Purgatory With Salami, picturelink: dP6biYwaycJNvPiwoP3GAzgrTGVtjC}, 10253: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the heavy cream into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk. Whisk until medium peaks are formed, 1 to 2 minutes.nIn a separate bowl whisk together the pumpkin puree and milk. Add the pudding mix and vanilla and whisk to combine. Fold in the whipped cream and thoroughly combine. Transfer the mousse into 6 7ounce dessert bowls or ramekins. Place in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour and up to 4 before serving.nCoarsely chop the Spiced Pecans and sprinkle on top of the mousse just before serving.nLine a half sheet pan with parchment and set aside.nMix the salt, cumin, cayenne, cinnamon and orange peel together in a small bowl and set aside.nPlace the nuts in a 10inch cast iron skillet and set over medium heat. Toast, stirring frequently, for 4 to 5 minutes until they just start to brown. Add the butter and stir until it melts. Add the spice mixture and stir to combine. Once combined, add the sugars and water, stirring until the mixture thickens and coats the nuts, approximately 2 to 3 minutes.nTransfer the nuts to the prepared sheet pan and separate them with a fork or spatula. Allow the nuts to cool completely before transferring to an airtight container for storage.nYield: 1 pound pecans, ingredients: [1 cup cold heavy cream, 1 15ounce can pumpkin puree, 13 cup evaporated milk, 1 3.4ounce box pumpkin spice flavored instant pudding mix, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup Spiced Pecans, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground orange peel, 1 pound pecan halves, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons water], title: Easy and Delicious Pumpkin Mousse, picturelink: cIYQ7J8nswjE8e1bPseSuOX1AroxvC2}, 10254: {instructions: Dough: Combine flour, salt, and butter in food processor, run until it becomes a coarse meal. Add all the water and pulse until it forms a dough. Allow to rest for 12 hour.nFilling: In a saute pan on medium, heat olive oil and saute onion, garlic, and habanero. In a large mixing bowl, combine the remaining ingredients. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nRoll the dough out on a lightly floured surface, making a rough circle about 18inch thick. With a 3inch diameter cookie cutter, cut circles.nPlace about 2 teaspoons of the filling into the center of each circle. Moisten the exposed dough with a finger dipped in water. Fold the empanada in half, press the firmly together, sealing with a fork around the edge. Bake for 15 minutes. Serve with Mango Chutney.nCombine all ingredients in a saucepan. Cook on low for 30 minutes. Add cornstarch if desired to thicken., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 pound plus 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small cubes, 13 cup cold water, 1 tablespoon, olive oil, 1 Spanish onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 14 habanero, minced, 1 pound picked lump crabmeat, 1 cup soft goats cheese, 1 teaspoon chopped thyme, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Mango Chutney, recipe follows, 2 mangoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, chopped, 14 Spanish onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, mixed with 2 tablespoons water], title: Crab and Goat Cheese Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 10255: {instructions: For the crust: Pulse the flour, sugar, salt and baking powder in the bowl of a food processor until combined. Add half of the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles fine cornmeal. Add the remaining butter and continue pulsing until no pieces are larger than peas. Add 2 tablespoons of the ice water and pulse until combined. Add just enough of the remaining 1 to 2 tablespoons ice water, a little at a time, and pulse until the dough just comes together and holds its shape when squeezed. Turn the dough out onto a large sheet of plastic wrap, gather into a disc and wrap well. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or up to overnight.nRoll out the dough on a lightly floured surface to an 11inch circle and fit it into a 9inch pie plate. Crimp the edges and refrigerate the dough until chilled, about 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prick the bottom and sides of the crust several times with the tines of a fork. Fit a piece of aluminum foil over the crust and fill the foil with pie weights or dry beans. Bake until the edges of the crust are golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the foil and weights, return the crust to the oven and continue to bake until the bottom of the crust is lightly golden and no longer shiny, 10 to 15 minutes longer. Cool completely.nFor the filling: While the crust cools, use a fork to prick the yams all over. Place them on a rimmed baking sheet and roast with the oven still at 350 degrees F until very soft, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Set aside until cool enough to handle. Peel and mash until very smooth you should have about 2 cups. Transfer the mash to a medium bowl and add the cream, brown sugar, vanilla, allspice, ginger, salt and eggs. Whisk just until smooth. Gently tap the bottom of the bowl a few times to release any air bubbles.nPour the filling into the cooled crust and bake until the center of the pie is set and no longer shiny, 1 hour to 1 hour 10 minutes if the edges of the crust brown too quickly, cover them loosely with foil. Transfer the pie to a wire rack to cool.nFor the topping: Heat the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat until melted. Stir in the brown sugar, vanilla and salt, stirring until the mixture starts to bubble. Stir in the pecans and cook until the nuts are toasted and have absorbed most of the buttery sugar mixture, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and gently stir in the coconut. Spoon over the pie and press gently to adhere to the filling. Let stand at least 20 minutes to cool. Serve the pie with whipped cream if desired., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 3 to 4 tablespoons ice water, 1 12 pounds garnet yams or sweet potatoes about 3 medium, 34 cup heavy cream, 23 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt, 1 cup pecans, coarsely chopped, 12 cup sweetened flaked coconut, Whipped cream, for serving, optional], title: Sweet Potato Pie with Candied Pecans and Coconut, picturelink: FFEJXZxBZcBLhxshmn43tPqiTSESrs6}, 10256: {instructions: Combine 2 quartered Bosc pears and 3 sliced parsnips in a skillet with 12 cup each white wine and chicken broth, 2 tablespoons butter, the juice of 1 lemon, a few slices ginger, 1 bay leaf and a pinch each of sugar and red pepper flakes. Partially cover and boil until the liquid evaporates and the pears brown, about 20 minutes. Stir in a splash of water.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Gingered Pears and Parsnips, picturelink: NUZlwiJgpia2I9xRew2LzWFoZXIexK}, 10257: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the tomatoes, tomato paste, seafood seasoning and some salt and pepper in a large bowl.nJuice the celery, carrot, garlic, shallot, cucumber, lime and green bell pepper into the bowl. Stir in a couple of dashes of Worcestershire sauce. Divide among glasses and garnish with a celery stalk. Add a splash of vodka if desired., ingredients: [5 ripe roma or beefsteak tomatoes, quartered, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 stalks celery, plus more to garnish, 1 carrot, 1 clove garlic, peeled, 1 shallot, 12 English cucumber, 12 lime, 12 green bell pepper, Worcestershire sauce, Splash of vodka, optional, Special equipment: juicer], title: Detox Juicy Mary... with maybe a splash of vodka, picturelink: uE24pk.KRdXg3NGfFoJJFAqOZfZvshW}, 10258: {instructions: Place the chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl and set aside.nIn a small saucepan, bring the cream to a boil. Pour over the chocolate, let sit for 2 or 3 minutes, then whisk until smooth and shiny. Cool slightly. Whisk in the liqueur, if using.nOne at a time, dip fruit, dried fruit, candied citrus peel, and crystallized ginger halfway into the warm ganache to cover by half. Place on a wire rack with parchment, wax paper, or foil underneath. Let stand until chocolate has dried.nTo make truffles, let ganache cool completely in the refrigerator until hard. Scoop small balls of the hardened ganache and shape by hand. Roll truffles in the cocoa powder to coat. , ingredients: [34 pound bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, cut into small pieces, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon cognac or liqueur of your choice, optional, Fresh fruit, such as apples, bananas, and strawberries, for dipping, Dried fruit, such as apricots, for dipping, Crystallized ginger, for dipping, Candied citrus peels, such as orange and grapefruit, for dipping, Unsweetened cocoa powder, for rolling truffles], title: Ganache, picturelink: null}, 10259: {instructions: Whisk marinade ingredients in medium bowl. Place beef steaks and 12 cup marinade in foodsafe plastic bag turn steaks to coat. Close bag securely and marinate in refrigerator 15 minutes to 2 hours. Cover and refrigerate remaining marinade for dressing.nPreheat charcoal grill to medium heat.nRemove steaks from marinade discard marinade. Sprinkle steaks with pepper. Place steaks in center of grill over medium, ashcovered coals arrange onion around steaks.nGrill steaks, uncovered, 15 to 18 minutes for mediumrare to medium doneness, turning occasionally. Grill onions 15 to 20 minutes or until tender, turning occasionally.nCarve steaks into slices. Cut onion slices into quarters. Toss cabbage, onion and 2 tablespoons reserved dressing in large bowl. Arrange beef on cabbage mixture. Drizzle with some of the dressing. Pass remaining dressing., ingredients: [12 cup reducedsodium soy sauce, 13 cup pure maple syrup, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh garlic, 1 12 teaspoons chilegarlic paste, 2 10ounce boneless beef top loin strip steaks, cut 1inch thick, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 large red onion, cut into 12inch thick slices, 4 cups thinly sliced napa cabbage], title: GingerMaple Steak with Napa Cabbage and Grilled Onions, picturelink: null}, 10260: {instructions: Special equipment: One 9inch pie pannPrepare and chill the dough.nSet a rack at the middle level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees.nUse a large nail or an ice pick to puncture one of the three eyes on the coconut only one can be punctured so you will need to try each until you find it. Drain the coconut milk out over a bowl. Strain it to remove any flecks of shell and reserve it.nPlace the coconut on the oven rack and bake it until it cracks, about 10 to 15 minutes.nRemove the coconut from the oven and let it cool slightly. Remove shell it will come away easily, then cut the coconut meat into 8 or 10 pieces. With a vegetable peeler, remove brown skin. Coarsely grate 1 cup coconut, either by hand or in the food processor, and reserve it for the filling. Process the remaining coconut until it is very fine.nIn a large saucepan over low heat, scald the milk until there are bubbles around the edges. Add the finely processed coconut. Remove from the heat and allow the mixture to cool completely. Pour it through a fine strainer into a bowl press coconut to extract as much moisture as possible.nIn 3 or 4 batches, place coconut in the corner of a clean dish towel and wring out over bowl to extract all remaining liquid. If you wish, you can toast the wrung out coconut, though it will have very little flavor remaining after soaking in the milk. Measure the coconut flavored milk and add more milk, if necessary, to make 2 cups. This may be done earlier in the day or even the day before and set aside tightly covered in the refrigerator. Pour into a bowl and whisk in sugar, eggs, vanilla and nutmeg and the reserved coconut milk. Stir in the reserved coarsely grated coconut.nSet a rack in the lowest level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Roll out the dough for the bottom crust and arrange in pan.nPour filling into pie crust. Bake the pie for about 45 minutes, until the crust is baked through and the filling is set, but not overcooked. After the pie has baked for 30 minutes, check it frequently so it does not overcook. Once the pie is wobbly textured when the pan is gently shaken, remove it from the oven it will continue to cook for a few minutes longer after it is removed from the oven. If the pie is over baked, it will be heavy and watery. Cool the pie on a rack.nTo mix the dough by hand, combine flour, sugar, salt and baking powder in a medium mixing bowl and stir well to mix. Cut butter into 1tablespoon pieces and add to dry ingredients. Toss once or twice to coat pieces of butter. Then using your hands or a pastry blender, break the butter into tiny pieces and pinch and squeeze it into the dry ingredients. Occasionally reach down to the bottom of the bowl and mix all the ingredients evenly together. Continue rubbing the butter into the dry ingredients until the mixture resembles a coarseground cornmeal and no large pieces of butter remain visible. Beat the eggs in a small bowl and pour over the flour and butter mixture. Stir in with a fork until the dough begins to hold together, but still appears somewhat dry. Scatter a teaspoon of flour on the work surface and scrape the dough out onto it. Press and knead the dough quickly 3 or 4 times, until it is smooth and uniform.nTo mix the dough in the food processor, combine flour, sugar, salt and baking powder in work bowl fitted with metal blade. Pulse 3 times at 1second intervals to mix. Cut butter into 1 tablespoon pieces and add to work bowl. Process, pulsing repeatedly at 1second intervals, until the mixture is fine and powdery, resembles a coarseground cornmeal and no large pieces of butter remain visible, about 15 pulses in all. Add the eggs to the work bowl and pulse ten times or so, until the dough forms a ball. Scatter a teaspoon of flour on the work surface and scrape the dough out onto it. Press and knead the dough quickly 3 or 4 times, until it is smooth and uniform. Press the dough into a disk two equal disks for the larger amount of dough. Sandwich the disks of dough between two pieces of plastic wrap and press it into a 6inch circle. Refrigerate the dough until firm, or until you are ready to use it, at least 1 hour.nStorage: Keep the dough in the refrigerator up to two days, or freeze it doublewrapped in plastic. Because the dough is thin, it will defrost quickly at room temperature when you intend to use it., ingredients: [Sweet Dough, for a 1 crust pie, above, 1 large, fresh coconut, about 1 12 pounds, 2 cups milk, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, Tiny pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 1 14 cups allpurpose bleached flour, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick cold unsalted butter, 1 large egg, Twocrust pie, about 1 14 pounds dough:, 2 12 cups allpurpose bleached flour, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, 2 large eggs], title: Old Fashioned Coconut Custard Pie, picturelink: null}, 10261: {instructions: Heat oven to 300 degrees F. Combine cookie crumbs and butter press firmly into bottom of ungreased 9inch springform pan or 13 x 9inch baking pan.nBeat cream cheese in large bowl until fluffy. Gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk until smooth. Add eggs and vanilla mix well.nToss 12 cup chocolate chips in small bowl with flour to coat stir into cream cheese mixture. Pour into prepared pan. Sprinkle remaining 12 cup chocolate chips evenly over top.nBake 55 to 60 minutes or until set. Cool. Chill. Garnish as desired., ingredients: [1 12 cups finely crushed cremefilled chocolate sandwich cookies about half of 14 oz. pkg., 2 to 3 tbsps. butter, melted, 3 8 oz. pkgs. cream cheese, softened, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 3 large eggs, 2 tsps. vanilla extract, 1 cup 6 oz. pkg. mini semisweet chocolate chips, divided, 1 tsp. Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour], title: Eagle Brandu00ae Chocolate Chip Cheesecake, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 10262: {instructions: For the ricotta filling: Whisk together the ricotta, powdered sugar, cocoa powder and vanilla extract until light and fluffy. Fold in the chocolate and almonds. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 8 hours.nFor the blintzes: Whisk together the sugar and eggs until pale. Whisk in the milk and butter. Sift the flour, cocoa powder and salt onto a piece of waxed paper. Add the sifted ingredients to the wet ingredients and whisk until smooth. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.nHeat a skillet over medium heat and melt a little butter. Ladle a scant 14 cup batter into the skillet. Tilt to swirl the batter so it covers the bottom of the skillet. Cook on one side until small air bubbles form, the top is set and the bottom is golden brown. When done, carefully loosen the edges of the crepe, flip over and cook for 30 seconds longer. Slip out of the skillet onto a plate. Butter the skillet as needed and repeat until all the batter is used.nTurn each crepe so the golden brown side is up. Place 3 tablespoons ricotta filling in the middle in a 3 by 2inchwide mound. Roll once to cover the filling. Fold the sides into the center and continue rolling until completely closed. Repeat with the remaining crepes. You may have leftover filling dont overfill.nServe 2 blintzes per plate. Spoon some of the Warm Cherry Sauce over, sprinkle with powdered sugar and garnish with mint sprigs.nCombined the reserved cherry juice, kirsch and enough cold water to measure one total cup of liquid.nWhisk together the sugar and cornstarch in a small saucepan until no lumps remain. Gradually whisk in the cherry juice mixture and cook over high heat until the mixture comes to a boil. Add the cherries and continue cooking until the sauce has thickened, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes, remove from heat and add the lemon juice and almond extract. Serve hot or warm., ingredients: [2 cups fresh ricotta, drained in a cheeseclothlined strainer set over a bowl for at least 4 hours, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons unsweetened Dutch process cocoa powder, such as Valrhona, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 ounce bittersweet chocolate, finely grated, 14 cup slivered toasted almonds, 13 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 2 cups milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for cooking, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup unsweetened Dutch process cocoa, such as Valrhona, 12 teaspoon sea salt, Warm Cherry Sauce, recipe follows, Powdered sugar, Fresh mint sprigs, 16 ounce bag frozen unsweetened pitted dark sweet cherries, thawed, drained, juices reserved, 14 cup kirsch, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 18 teaspoon almond extract], title: Chocolate Blintzes with Chocolate Whipped RicottaAlmond Filling and Warm Cherry Sauce, picturelink: aTR3YPs5B40dDHdBLtWr3NOMXCzIo2e}, 10263: {instructions: The day before you want to steam the pudding: In a large bowl, thoroughly mix the suet, brown sugar, sifted flour, breadcrumbs, allspice, clove, nutmeg, and cinnamon. Gradually mix in the currants, sultanas, raisins, candied peel, and almonds, followed by the apple and citrus zests. In a small bowl, whisk together the rum, barley wine, and stout, and then beat in the eggs. Pour this mixture over the dried fruit and nut mixture. Mix thoroughly. It should be somewhat loose if it needs a little more liquid, add some stout. Cover the bowl and refrigerate overnight.nThe following day: Butter a 1pint pudding mold and pack the pudding mixture into it. Cover with a double piece of parchment and a sheet of foil and tie securely with a string across the top to make a handle. Place the pudding mold in a covered steamer set over a saucepan of simmering water, and steam for 8 hours. Check the water level, adding boiling water as needed. When the pudding is finished, let it cool and then remove the papers and foil. Replace with fresh paper and make a new string for easier maneuvering. Set in a cool place away from light under the bed works well.nTo reheat, set a saucepan with boiling water over medium heat and put a steamer on top. Reduce the heat to a gentle simmer, set the pudding in the steamer, cover, and let steam for 2 14 hours. Top up the water a bit if necessary.nTo serve, remove the pudding from the steamer and take off the wrapping. Slide a palette knife around the pudding, and then turn it out onto a warm plate. Garnish with a sprig of holly. To flambe the pudding, warm a ladleful of brandy over direct heat, and when it is hot, carefully light the brandy. Place the flaming ladle over the pudding, but do not pour until at the table. When you do slowly pour it over the pudding, sides and all, watch it flame Serve with rum sauce if desired.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 ounces suet, shredded, 4 ounces dark brown sugar, 1 ounce selfrising flour, sifted, 2 ounces white breadcrumbs, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground clove, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Pinch ground cinnamon, 5 ounces currants, 2 ounces sultanas, 2 ounces raisins, 12 ounce mixed candied peel, 12 ounce blanched almonds, chopped, 12 small apple, peeled, cored, and finely chopped, Grated zest of 12 small orange, Grated zest of 12 small lemon, 1 tablespoon rum, 1 14 ounce barley wine, 1 14 ounce stout, more if needed, 2 eggs, Your favorite rum sauce, optional, Brandy, for flambeing], title: Christmas Pudding, picturelink: sgWablfVcf5m0B.2ilSLZrqgQDaYKJy}, 10264: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the tomatoes, sugar, thyme sprigs, 1 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until thick, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, mix half of the lemon juice, the chopped thyme, mustard and Worcestershire sauce in a large bowl. Season the flour with salt and pepper in another bowl. Heat a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the drumsticks with salt and pepper. Dip in the mustard mixture, then dredge in the seasoned flour. Melt the butter in the skillet and fry the drumsticks, turning, until golden on all sides, about 6 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven bake until the chicken is golden and a thermometer inserted into the center registers 155 degrees F, about 15 minutes. Add the remaining lemon juice to the tomato jam and season with salt and pepper. Serve the drumsticks with the jam and biscuits.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 pints grape tomatoes, 3 to 4 tablespoons sugar, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, plus 2 teaspoons chopped leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Juice of 1 lemon, 13 cup honey mustard, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 8 skinon chicken drumsticks about 2 12 pounds, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, Biscuits, for serving], title: Drumsticks With Biscuits and Tomato Jam, picturelink: .IdJdnFIY3RkeoGfKYIdDkvAPHkiDVa}, 10265: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a large stock pot with olive oil and add the onions, celery and carrots. Season with salt, to taste, and bring the pot to mediumhigh heat. Cook the vegetables until they start to soften and are very aromatic, about 10 minutes. Add in the garlic, crushed red pepper and thyme and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Add the chicken and fill the pot with enough water to cover the chicken. Add the bay leaves, bring the ingredients to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook for 30 minutes and skim off any particles that accumulate on the surface. Squeeze the juice of the 2 lemon halves into the soup and drop in the lemon halves. Add the cinnamon and nutmeg and taste for seasoning. Adjust the flavors with salt and pepper, if needed. Simmer the soup for an additional hour.nWhile the soup is simmering, bring another pot of wellsalted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, firm but not crunchy. Drain the pasta and transfer to a medium bowl. Add 1 teaspoon of olive oil and toss. Reserve.nAfter the soup has finished, switch the heat off and remove the chicken to a cutting board. Discard the lemon halves, thyme and bay leaves. Let the chicken cool, then remove the bones and discard. Pull the meat into bitesized pieces and return them to the pot. Taste the soup for seasoning, which should be spicy with a bright lemon flavor and a warm cinnamon chicken feel. It should be very fullflavored and warm your soul. Rinse the beans and add them to the pot. Adjust the seasoning, if needed.nSpoon some of the reserved pasta into the bottom of each serving bowl and ladle the hot soup over the pasta. Garnish with the chopped cilantro and serve. This soup is perfect for a cold day YAY, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, as needed, 1 large onion, cut into 12inch slices, 4 ribs celery, cut into 12inch dice, 3 carrots, cut into 12inch dice, Kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes, 1 bunch thyme, 3 pounds bonein chicken legs and thighs, skin and excess fat removed, Water, as needed, 2 bay leaves, 1 lemon, halved, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 grates fresh nutmeg, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups small pasta, preferably small shells such as orecchiette, or orzo, 1 15ounce can white beans or chick peas, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves coarsely chopped], title: Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: EWjzkxLfkY2IKlFLukkSsm2By2gh7QO}, 10266: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the rolls: Put the noodles in a medium bowl and add the honey and the mint. Using 2 forks, toss the ingredients together until the noodles are coated. Lay a damp kitchen or paper towel on a work surface. Soak a rice paper round in warm water for 20 to 30 seconds until softened. Put the rice paper on the damp towel. Add 14 cup of the noodle mixture in the center of the rice paper and form into a 3 by 2inch rectangle. Using a paring knife, slice a strawberry lengthwise into 14inch slices. Arrange the slices over the noodle mixture. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon almonds on top. Arrange 2 to 3 mango slices on top of the almonds. Roll the rice paper around the filling and seal the ends with a little water. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Wrap the finished spring rolls in damp paper towels and store in the refrigerator.nFor the dipping sauce: In a small bowl, combine the mint, honey and lime juice. Pour into a serving bowl.nArrange the spring rolls on a platter and serve with the dipping sauce.nCooks Note: To toast the almonds, arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F oven until lightly toasted, about 6 to 8 minutes. Cool completely before using.nCan be found at specialty Asian markets ., ingredients: [1 12 cups cooked Pad Thai noodles, cooled and drained, 14 cup honey, 14 packed cup fresh mint leaves, finely chopped, 6 8inch rice paper rounds, 6 medium strawberries, stemmed, 1 mango, halved, peeled, seeded and cut into 14inch thick slices, 6 tablespoons sliced almonds, toasted see Cooks Note, 14 cup packed fresh mint leaves, finely chopped, 14 cup honey, 14 cup fresh lime juice about 2 to 3 large limes], title: Fruit Spring Rolls, picturelink: gKIb3AdokMaKNtZ2I0D2uE.A.do9Bm}, 10267: {instructions: Pancetta Wrapped Shrimp:nTo prepare the shrimp, shell and devein, leaving the head on and reserving shells for the Shrimp Reduction. Slice the pancetta or have your grocer slice it for you the same thickness as slab bacon. Wrap the flesh part of each shrimp with the pancetta. To cook the shrimp, season the shrimp with lemon pepper and saute over medium heat until the pancetta is golden brown and crisp. Deglaze the pan with Worcestershire and reduce to coat the shrimp. Reserve for plating.nYellow Corn Grits:nTo cook the grits: Bring the milk, water and jalapenos to a simmer over medium heat. Add the grits and butter simmer until tender adding additional water if needed, stirring occasionally. When grits are tender, finish with mascarpone cheese and season with salt and pepper. Reserve warm for plating.nShrimp Reduction:nIn a small saucepan sweat the shallot, corn cobs and shrimp shells in whole butter until orange. Add tomato paste and caramelize. Deglaze with white wine and reduce. Add shrimp stock and simmer for 12 hour. Strain, reduce by 12 and finish with whole buerre manie  buerre manie is made by combining the whole butter with the flour. Reserve for plating.nTo garnish the plate:nFry okra in 350 degrees F oil until golden. Grill heirloom tomatoes. Place tomatoes and okra in the middle of the plate, spoon grits on top of the okra and tomatoes, arrange shrimp around the plate. Sprinkle shaved fennel, fronds and parsley on top of dish., ingredients: [24 U8 head on wild shrimp, 8 ounces pancetta, 1 tablespoon lemon pepper, 4 ounces Worcestershire sauce, 1 quart whole milk, 1 pint water, 3 jalapeno peppers, split, 4 cups yellow corn stoneground grits, 1 tablespoon whole butter, 1 tablespoon mascarpone cheese, Salt and pepper, 3 peeled and sliced shallots, 2 corn cobs, kernels removed, All the shrimp shells from peeling shrimp, 1 tablespoon whole butter, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1ounce dry sherry, 1 12 quarts shrimp stock, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 6 pieces okra, rolled in rice flour, 6 12inch thick slices heirloom tomatoes, Shaved fennel, soaked in ice water, Fennel Fronds, for garnish, Micro parsley, for garnish], title: Pancetta Wrapped Bayou La Batre Shrimp with Rikards Mill Yellow Corn Grits and Grilled Heirloom Tomatoes, picturelink: QxIjImwjoXYwIG241N0h5ION.lViwS2}, 10268: {instructions: For the aioli: Mix together the mayonnaise, hot sauce and lime juice. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the fritters: Heat a pot of oil to 350 degrees F. Combine the crab, garlic, chives, parsley, bell pepper, mustard, mayonnaise, egg and half the cereal. Season with salt and pepper. Form into walnutsize balls. Crush the remaining cereal in a bag with a rolling pin and roll the balls in the crumbs. Carefully drop the balls into the hot oil and fry until golden, 2 to 4 minutes. Serve with the spicy aioli for dipping., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup Asian hot sauce, such as Sriracha, 12 lime, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 pound fresh lump crab meat, rinsed, drained and dried, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons minced red bell pepper, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 egg, beaten, 2 12 cups Rice Krispies cereal, divided, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Kelloggsandreg Rice Krispiesandreg Crab Fritters with Spicy Aioli, picturelink: IezbhJ5VqfBcGbBgcDtYLJNZ58JeqhK}, 10269: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a slotted broiler pan in a preheated 450 degrees F oven.nPat scallops dry and quarter them. Combine the vinegar, sugar, garlic and ginger and marinate the scallops 10 minutes. Arrange the bacon slices in a single layer. On each halfslice of bacon, place 2 slices of water chestnuts. Top with a scallop piece and wrap with the bacon, secure with toothpick. Place scallops on sides, exposed side facing out. Draw garlic and ginger from vinegar and drizzle over scallops then bake 10 minutes, turning once., ingredients: [6 very large sea scallops, 14 cup aged balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 12inch ginger, thinly sliced, 12 slices pepper bacon, halved, 1 8ounce can sliced water chestnuts, drained, Toothpicks], title: Balsamic Soaked Bacon Wrapped Scallops, picturelink: tcWFwaVZVogqt7OIomRVb.F1eQ2g7DK}, 10270: {instructions: Preheat a griddle over mediumhigh heat.nFor the pork patties: Combine the pork, eggs, barbecue sauce, allpurpose seasoning, Worcestershire sauce and sazon seasoning in a bowl and mix with your hands until completely incorporated. Form into 8 patties and set aside.nFor the brisket patties: Combine the brisket, eggs, steak seasoning and Worcestershire sauce in a bowl and mix with your hands until completely incorporated. Form into 8 patties.nFor the burgers: Cook the pork and brisket patties on the griddle until done, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Just before removing from the heat, add the Cheddar to the brisket patties.nAssemble the burgers by placing 1 pork patty and 1 brisket patty on each potato bun. Garnish the burgers with a slice of tomato and sweet onion, a piece of lettuce, and the pickles and jalapenos, if using., ingredients: [2 pounds ground pork, 2 large eggs, 14 cup barbecue sauce, 1 teaspoon allpurpose seasoning, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon sazon seasoning, such as Badia brand, 2 pounds ground brisket, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon steak seasoning, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 8 sandwichsized slices Cheddar, 8 large potato buns, split, 1 to 2 heirloom tomatoes, sliced, 1 to 2 sweet onions, sliced, 8 leaves Boston lettuce, Pickles, for serving, optional, Jalapenos, for serving, optional], title: The Big Papa Burger, picturelink: null}, 10271: {instructions: Set up the grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Oil the grate when ready to start cooking.nIn a small bowl, stir to combine the sour cream and salsa set aside.nBrown the ground beef in a skillet. Set aside to cool.nLay out 2 wraps or tortillas. Divide the cheese and sprinkle over wraps. Top with remaining wraps set aside. In a microwavesafe bowl, cook beans on high setting for 4 to 6 minutes in the microwave, or until done. Place the cheesefilled wraps on the hot oiled grill and cook for 2 minutes turn over. Divide the black beans and spread on top of the wrap. Top with the reserved cooked beef and diced onions. Close the grill and cook for 2 more minutes.nRemove the pizzas from grill and top with lettuce, tomatoes, and drizzle with the sour cream salsa mixture. Serve hot, garnished with nacho rings.nINDOOR: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Complete above steps through microwaving the beans. In a skillet large enough to fit the wraps, heat 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil over medium heat. When the oil is hot, carefully fry both sides of wraps for 1 to 2 minutes, or until golden brown, turning with a large spatula. Transfer wraps to a baking sheet. Spread each wrap with the heated black beans and top with reserved ground beef and diced onions. Place in oven and bake for 5 minutes. Remove from oven and garnish as directed., ingredients: [14 cup sour cream, 14 cup salsa recommended: Pace, 1 14 pounds ground beef, 4 garlicherb wraps recommended: Mission, or any large tortilla, 2 cups shredded Mexican blend cheese recommended: Kraft, 1 16ounce can refried black beans recommended: Rosarita, 12 red onion, diced, 2 cups lettuce, shredded, 1 tomato, diced, Nacho rings, for garnish], title: Mexican Pizza, picturelink: 9fP51jItvvxqJ1tSh70RYTeVF8.vPYy}, 10272: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, baking powder and salt. Mix well. Add 1 tablespoon of the cold butter and the cold shortening and work it into the dry ingredients, using your hands, until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in the milk. The dough will be sticky. Dust your work surface with some flour. Turn the dough onto the floured surface. Gently fold each side toward the center. Pick up the dough and dust the work surface with additional flour. Return the dough to the floured surface and fold each side towards the center again. Turn the dough over and press it out to 1inch thickness. Cut the biscuits, straight down, do not twist the cutter, with a 2 14inch round cookie cutter. Melt the remaining tablespoon of butter and add to a 10inch round cake pan. Place the biscuits in the pan, turning once to coat both sides with butter, about 14inch apart. Let the biscuits rest for 15 minutes before baking. Bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons butter, cold, 12 cup solid vegetable shortening, cold, 1 cup milk], title: Traditional Southern Biscuits, picturelink: Olz4j8WEGI8h2VkCLfmVoFqjDFkLhcu}, 10273: {instructions: Serving suggestions: sour cream and shredded iceberg or Romaine lettucenCombine the cheeses in a small bowl. Using a paring knife, make an incision the length of each jalapeno dont cut the peppers in half. Remove the seeds then carefully fill each pepper with cheese. Dip the stuffed peppers in buttermilk then roll them in flour. If you prefer a thicker crust, repeat the process.nFill a large frying pan with about 3 inches of oil and heat over mediumhigh until a thermometer registers a temperature of 350 degrees F. The oil temperature can also be tested by dripping a little water into the oil. If the oil sizzles immediately, the oil is hot enough.nWorking in batches, fry the peppers, turning them once or twice, until they are crisp and golden. Drain the peppers on paper towels. Let them cool for about 10 minutes then serve them on a bed of shredded lettuce topped with sour cream., ingredients: [1 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese, 1 cup, grated extrasharp yellow Cheddar, 1 16ounce can whole pickled jalapenos, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 to 3 cups allpurpose flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, Canola or peanut oil, for frying], title: Fried Pickled Jalapenos, picturelink: 5ONMhIhmVPa783qJ8efaP3D3bMs3LK}, 10274: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil.nPlace the bacon on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. Allow to cool, and then crumble.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the broccoli florets in batches and boil until bright green, 1 to 2 minutes. Add to a large bowl of ice water to stop the cooking, or add to a colander in the sink and run with cold water. Drain well and place in a large bowl.nAdd the tomatoes, almonds, dried cranberries and edamame to the bowl with the broccoli and toss.nWhisk together the mustard, vinegar and olive oil. Add the bacon and the dressing to the salad and toss., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, Kosher salt, 1 pound broccoli crowns, cut into florets 3 crowns, 1 quart cherry tomatoes, 12 cup roughly chopped roasted almonds, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup edamame, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Broccoli Salad, picturelink: a9Pxj4GruR8jB1ruPhzv8sX072SD6}, 10275: {instructions: Heat a Dutch oven or other large pot over medium heat add the bacon. Cook until the bacon is crispy, about 8 minutes. Add the oil to the pan cook the onions and garlic until translucent and tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the beer, scraping any browned bits from the bottom of the pot add the mussels. Steam the mussels, covered, over high heat, about 2 minutes. Stir in the butter, sauerkraut and potatoes and sprinkle with salt. Cover and cook until the mussels open, about 2 minutes., ingredients: [4 ounces thickly sliced bacon, diced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped onion, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 cup dark beer, 1 pound mussels, debearded and scrubbed, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup sauerkraut, 4 ounces cooked fingerling potatoes, halved, Kosher salt], title: Dubliner Steamed Mussels, picturelink: null}, 10276: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil, salt the water, and then cook scallops in the water for 2 minutes. Remove from boiling water and submerge immediately into an ice bath. When cool, thinly slice scallops into 3 to 4 slices each.nIn a medium saucepan, combine 1 cup of chopped ginger, garlic, and lemongrass and saute in olive oil for 5 minutes. Add coconut milk and coconut water and cook for another 10 minutes, until it becomes aromatic. Strain the liquid and allow it to cool, discard the solids.nIn a mixing bowl combine scallops, lime juice, strained coconut liquid, jalapeno, chives, red onion, and tomato season, to taste, with salt, pepper, and ginger juice. Serve garnished with toasted coconut sprinkled on top., ingredients: [1 pound sea scallops, Salt, 1 cup chopped ginger, 14 cup whole peeled garlic cloves, 1 stalk lemongrass, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 10 ounces coconut milk, 10 ounces coconut water, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 1 jalapeno, finely diced, 14 cup finely chopped chives, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup tomato, diced, Freshly ground black pepper, Ginger juice, for seasoning, 2 tablespoons coconut, toasted], title: Scallop Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 10277: {instructions: Heat the cream gently in a heavybottomed pot over low heat. Add the chocolate, melt, and stir together with the cream. Remove from the heat and allow to cool slightly before using. This sauce can be refrigerated and gently reheated to be used again., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces goodquality semisweet chocolate, preferably Belgian or French, finely chopped], title: Fudge Sauce, picturelink: null}, 10278: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the coconut rice with green onions:nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat the grains in the butter. Add the coconut milk, water, salt and pepper and bring to a boil, stir once, cover the pot, reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until tender, about 16 minutes.nRemove from the heat and let the rice sit, covered for 5 minutes. Remove the lid, fluff with a fork and fold in the green onion. Let sit 5 minutes before serving.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a large, high sided saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until golden brown and crisp. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels. Add the butter and 1 tablespoon of canola to the rendered bacon fat in the pan and heat until it begins to shimmer.nPut the flour in a shallow bowl and season liberally with salt and pepper. Season the chicken on both sides with salt and pepper, dredge in the flour and tap off any excess. Sear the chicken on both sides until golden brown. Remove to plate.nAdd the onion and bell pepper to the pan, season with salt and pepper and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and the serrano and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the curry powder and cook for 1 minute. Add the wine and cook until reduced by 34. Add the chicken stock, bring to a simmer and reduce slightly. Stir in the tomatoes, currants or raisins, thyme, 2 teaspoons of honey and season with a little salt and pepper and bring to a simmer. Nestle the chicken thighs into the pan, cover with a tight fitting lid and bake in the oven for 35 minutes. Remove the lid after 35 minutes and continue to bake an additional 15 minutes.nRemove the chicken to a platter and tent slightly to keep warm. Put the pan and sauce back on the burner over high heat and bring to a boil. Let the sauce reduce slightly, then season with salt, pepper, and honey, to taste. Stir in the parsley. Spoon the sauce over the chicken and top with the bacon, almonds and more parsley. Serve with Coconut Rice with Green Onions.nCombine all the spices in a small bowl., ingredients: [3 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground fennel, 2 teaspoons ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground chili de arbol, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 14 cup finely diced Spanish onion, 2 cups longgrain rice, 1 1314 ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, 1 cup water, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 green onions, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 6 slices bacon, diced, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 bonein chicken thighs, skin removed, 1 medium Spanish onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 large bell pepper, halved, seeded and thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 serrano chile, finely diced, 2 heaping teaspoons Mesa curry mix, recipe above, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups homemade chicken stock, 1 28ounce can plum tomatoes, drained well and coarsely chopped, Scant 14 cup currants or raisins, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, Honey, 13 cup coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus more for garnish, Slivered almonds, lightly toasted and chopped, Coconut Rice with Green Onions, recipe above], title: Throwdowns Country Captain Chicken, picturelink: rYW8yg73TevZSgIxkx3MX6FhP5OvI.}, 10279: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 wooden skewersnIn a large ziptop bag, add the lime juice, cilantro, oil, tequila, salt, red pepper flakes, garlic and some black pepper. Mix together and then add the chicken. Let the chicken marinate for 2 hours. During the last 20 minutes, soak the wooden skewers in water.nPreheat a grill to medium heat.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and pat dry discard the marinade. Alternate threading the chicken, zucchini and bell peppers on each skewer. Cook the kabobs, turning after grill marks form, until the chicken is cooked through and the vegetables are charred at the edges, 12 to 15 minutes. Sprinkle with the remaining chopped cilantro before serving., ingredients: [12 cup fresh lime juice, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves and stems, plus more chopped leaves, for serving, 13 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon tequila, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 to 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into twentyfour 1inch pieces, 2 zucchini, cut into 12inch rounds, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into 1inch pieces], title: BBQ Chicken Kabobs with Tequila Lime Cilantro, picturelink: mv2C08lNCm.Oc6DbK2dhhmOmeItpLm}, 10280: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCarefully remove the corn from the cob with a knife and put in a food processor. Transfer to a large bowl. Coarsely puree with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. In a saute pan, add the oil and the onions and saute until translucent. Add the onions to the corn mixture. Add the beaten eggs, milk and half of the grated Cheddar and combine. Use 2 teaspoons of oil to coat a 13 by 9inch baking dish. Transfer the corn mixture to the dish and top with the rest of the grated Cheddar. Place the dish in the oven and bake for 30 to 40 minutes or until the top of the casserole is golden brown., ingredients: [6 cups fresh corn kernels, Salt and black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cups chopped onions, 6 whole eggs, beaten, 1 cup milk, 2 cups grated aged white cheddar, 2 teaspoons oil], title: Corn Casserole, picturelink: null}, 10281: {instructions: In the quartsize resealable bag, combine sugar and buttermilk. Seal the bag. In the gallon size resealable bag, combine salt and ice. Insert the smaller bag into the larger one and seal, letting all the air out. Shake continuously for 5 minutes. When buttermilk stiffens, remove the small bag and dip into cold water to remove salt from the outside of the bag. Freeze or serve immediately. To serve, open bag and scoop out sorbet., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 2 cups buttermilk, 12 cup salt, 2 cups ice, 1 quartsize resealable bag, 1 gallonsize resealable bag], title: Magic Buttermilk Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 10282: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Serve in oyster shell halves., ingredients: [8 shucked fresh oysters Bluepoints, Malpeque variety, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon finely diced tomato, 14 teaspoon habanero puree, 12 orange, supremed, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Salt and pepper], title: Oyster and Habanero Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 10283: {instructions: Mix the crabmeat with the mayonnaise, mustard, paprika, cayenne, lemon juice, scallion and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Set aside.nPreheat the broiler. Brush both sides of the Texas toast with half of the melted butter. Place on a baking sheet and broil until golden brown on top, about 3 minutes. Remove from the oven and flip the bread top with the crab mixture, spreading it almost to the edges. Sprinkle with the grated cheese.nToss the asparagus with the remaining melted butter in a medium bowl and season with salt and black pepper. Arrange side by side on the toast, then arrange the cheese slices across the middle of the asparagus.nReturn to the broiler until the asparagus is tender and the cheese melts, about 4 more minutes.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [12 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, picked through, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 4 slices Texas toast, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 ounces monterey jack cheese half grated, half thinly sliced, 1 bunch asparagus, trimmed and halved lengthwise, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Openly Crabby, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 10284: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium pot over medium heat, bring the broth to a simmer. Stir in the tomato paste. Add the frozen vegetables and return to a simmer. Add the tortellini and cook until just tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the heavy cream. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Garnish with dried parsley and basil and serve., ingredients: [8 cups vegetable broth, One 6ounce can tomato paste, One 10ounce package frozen mixed vegetables, One 9ounce package fresh cheese tortellini, 12 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Dried parsley flakes, for garnish, Dried basil, for garnish], title: Veggie Tortellini Soup, picturelink: 74wy9ZByChpzFnMyAqxiWZWaJgHC.dS}, 10285: {instructions: Use a ceramic fondue pot such as Caquelon.nWith ceramic fondue pot over heat source, add white wine and heat. Add 13 of each cheese and melt. Continue to add remaining cheese slowly. Be sure cheese is melted completely before adding more. When all of the cheese has been added and melted completely, add lemon juice, kirsch, nutmeg, cayenne and black pepper. Combine thoroughly.nDip pieces of bread into fondue and enjoy., ingredients: [1 cup Swiss dry white wine, 12 pound Emmental cheese, grated, 12 pound Gruyere cheese, grated, 12 pound Appenzeller cheese, grated, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 cup kirsch, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Freshly ground black pepper, Baguette style bread, OPTIONAL French Cheeses: Comte, Beaufort or Tomme de Savoie], title: Swiss Style Fondue, picturelink: null}, 10286: {instructions: Heat a medium nonstick pan over medium heat and add chorizo. Cook, using the back of a spoon to break it up, until cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add eggs and cook stirring occasionally, until set, about 3 more minutes. Serve garnished with scallions, cilantro, and sour cream., ingredients: [4 ounces Mexican chorizo, removed from casing, 8 large eggs, lightly beaten, 3 medium scallions, thinly sliced for garnish, 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Sour Cream, for garnish], title: Scrambled Eggs with Chorizo, picturelink: DRjjRGLma0lOJEtKASQPSbc21vuBH7W}, 10287: {instructions: Special equipment: Fondant roller or rolling pin 2inch heart cookie cutter 6 pencils, pens or chopsticks small paintbrushnFor the wings: Dust the work surface lightly with confectioners sugar. Roll the yellow fondant out to a thickness of 18 inch, moving the fondant occasionally as you roll to make sure it does not stick. Cut out 24 hearts with a 2inch heart cookie cutter.nArrange the pencils, pens or chopsticks on the work surface. Pair hearts together by overlapping their points by an inch. With a small brush, dab a little water on the overlapping area between the 2 fondant pieces and press gently to adhere. Drape each pair of wings over a pencil to shape the butterfly. Allow to dry until stiff, about 2 hours.nFor the antennae: Unroll the licorice and cut into twelve 1 14inchlong pieces. Separate the two strands of each licorice piece, leaving them attached at one end. Roll 2 small 14inch balls of green fondant for each pair of antennae and attach the balls to one end of the licorice. Enclose the remaining fondant in plastic wrap so it does not dry out. Repeat with the remaining pairs of antennae. Set aside to dry.nFor the bodies: Shape about 2 teaspoons green fondant into a butterfly body, about 2 inches long, with a head at one end and the other end tapering to a point. Attach a pair of antennae by sticking the licorice into the head. Using a small brush, moisten the front of the body with a little water and attach 2 yellow sprinkles for eyes.nTo assemble and decorate: When the wings are dry, turn them over and place between 2 pencils for support. Brush the center of each with a little water add a body and press gently to adhere. Brush the wings lightly with water and stick on the multicolored sprinkles to decorate. Let dry 30 minutes.nMelt the chocolate. Add pupils to the eyes by dipping a skewer into the melted chocolate and making a small dot on each yellow sprinkle.nFrost each cupcake with about 2 tablespoons buttercream. Top each cupcake with a butterfly and press them gently into the frosting to adhere., ingredients: [Confectioners sugar, for dusting, About 6 ounces yellowtinted fondant for the wings, Black licorice spirals, such as Haribo for the antennae, About 4 ounces greentinted fondant for the antennae tips and bodies, 24 yellow flat round sprinkles for the eyes, 2 tablespoons multicolored flat round sprinkles for the wing decoration, 1 tablespoon semisweet chocolate chips for the pupils, 12 GoTo Vanilla Cupcakes, 1 12 cups Cream Cheese Frosting], title: Butterfly Cupcakes, picturelink: d5obY6wEsjrtZ7iEHLH4Yb4.CFOnWS}, 10288: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 9by4 12inch metal loaf pan and set aside.nCombine the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, granulated garlic and salt in a large bowl and set aside. Place the corn in a small bowl, then take 1 tablespoon of the cornbread mixture and sprinkle it over the corn toss to combine. Sift out any excess powder from the corn and set aside.nWhisk together the butter, buttermilk and eggs in a medium bowl.nPour the buttermilk mixture into the cornmeal mixture and mix until smooth, then fold in the scallions, basil, dill and corn. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until golden brown and the center bounces back when lightly pressed with a finger, about 45 minutes. Let cool completely, then slide a knife around the edges and invert the bread onto a plate., ingredients: [8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the pan, 1 14 cups stoneground cornmeal, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup frozen corn, thawed, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 large eggs, 5 scallions, finely sliced about 12 cup, 12 cup packed fresh basil, finely chopped, 12 cup packed fresh dill, finely chopped], title: Herbed Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 10289: {instructions: For Meringues: Preheat oven to 225 degrees F.nGrease and flour cookie sheet. Ready 3 piping bags with 12inch nozzle. Whisk egg whites until stiff and peaked. Add good pinch salt and water and continue to whisk. When whisk begins to leave a trail through meringue, gradually add in sugar, folding in last bit with a metal spoon. Meringue should be very stiff and glossy. Place 13 mixture into 1 piping bag. Pipe in very small, even round shapes on cookie sheet to make a total of about 10 mini meringues. Mix another 13 of meringue with food coloring and pipe second round of meringues in same manner as first. Add cocoa to remaining meringue and repeat piping as before. Place in oven for 2 hours. Remove from oven and chip a small hole in bottom of meringues just big enough to fit small pastry tip. Cool on wire rack. If making meringues a day ahead, store in airtight container.nFor Creme Patisserie: In small pot, combine vanilla and milk and heat to just before boiling. Place yolks in large bowl. Add sugar and beat briskly until light and creamy. Gently stir in flour, a little at a time. Gradually add heated milk to yolks and combine well. Pour into nonstick pan and cook gently over low heat stirring constantly, then set aside and cool for 2 hours. The cream will continue to thicken as it cools. When cooled, divide custard into 3 bowls and flavor each with a different liqueur.nTo serve, place ice cream on chilled serving dish. With a small tipped pastry bag, pipe the coffee cream into the chocolate meringues. Pipe the cherry cream into the plain meringues. Finally, pipe the orange cream into the pink ones. Arrange meringues over top and sides of ice cream., ingredients: [3 egg whites, Freshly ground salt, 1 teaspoon cold water, 34 cup sugar, sifted, 5 drops red food coloring, 5 teaspoons cocoa, 1 vanilla bean or 5 drops extract, 3 34 cups milk, 6 egg yolks, 38 cup sugar, 34 cups flour, 18 cup coffee flavored liqueur, 18 cup orange flavored liqueur, 18 cup cherry flavored liqueur, 2 pints Neopolitan ice cream], title: Petits Meringues Glace Dali, picturelink: null}, 10290: {instructions: Mix 1 12 cups warm water 110 degrees F to 115 degrees F, the yeast and agave in a bowl. Set aside 5 minutes.nIn a food processor fitted with the dough blade, pulse the wholewheat flour, 2 cups allpurpose flour and the sea salt. Add 1 egg and the yeast mixture and pulse in 10second intervals until the dough comes together, about 3 pulses. Turn out onto a floured board. Knead 10 to 12 times, adding up to 34 cup more flour if the dough is too sticky. Cut the dough into 4 equal portions cover with a clean towel.nOn a floured board, roll out one piece of dough into a 14by11inch rectangle, 14 inch thick, with a shorter side facing you. Spread 14 cup Nutella across the middle of the dough. Fold the bottom third of the dough over the Nutella, then sprinkle 12 cup coconut over the folded part. Fold the top third of the dough over the coconut. Reroll the dough into a 14by11inch rectangle. Cut into seven 11by2inch strips.nOne at a time, pinch the cut long edges of each strip together and roll into a 12inch rope with your hands. Transfer the rope to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Grab the ends and bring them toward each other, forming a U shape, then cross the left end over the right end to make a pretzel shape. Cross the left end over the right again to make a twist in the middle.nRepeat with the remaining 3 pieces of dough dough and the remaining Nutella and coconut, spacing the pretzels 3 inches apart. Set aside for 10 to 15 minutes preheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nBeat the remaining egg in a bowl. Mix the sugar, chile powder, cinnamon, cloves and cayenne in another bowl. Brush the pretzels with the egg sprinkle with the spice mixture. Bake until browned, 16 to 18 minutes, checking on the pretzels every 5 minutes to avoid overbaking.nPhotograph by Victor Schrager, ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons dry active yeast, 1 tablespoon agave nectar, 2 12 cups wholewheat flour, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 2 large eggs, 1 cup Nutella, softened, 2 cups shredded coconut, 13 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper], title: ChocolateCoconut Pretzels, picturelink: 0Texc8EdhzR5fdg64H.C9OylKI6bW0C}, 10291: {}, 10292: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine mixed berries, dried cranberries, cranberry juice, tapioca, cinnamon, and sugar in bottom of a 4 or 5quart slow cooker. Stir thoroughly.nCover and cook on high setting for 2 to 4 hours.nFor crumble topping:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F, 30 minutes before serving, Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine crumble topping ingredients. Spread out on prepared baking sheet and bake for 12 to 18 minutes or until crisp and golden brown.nSprinkle crumble topping over warm berry mixture.nServe with vanilla ice cream or with whipped topping, if desired., ingredients: [2 12ounce bags frozen mixed berries, thawed, 12 cup dried cranberries, 13 cup cranberry juice cocktail, 14 cup quick cooking tapioca recommended: Minute, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup baking mix, 34 cup wholegrain cereal, 1 cup almond biscotti about 4 to 5 cookies, crushed, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, Serving suggestions: vanilla ice cream or whipped topping], title: Mixed Berry Crumble, picturelink: S.MsUG.IiLFfE6ajKBodwgOjjdE0.lS}, 10293: {instructions: Add the water to a large pot and bring it to a boil. Remove the pot from the heat, add the tea bags and let steep for 10 minutes.nRemove the tea bags and stir in the remaining ingredients. Pour into a pitcher and chill until cold. Serve over ice., ingredients: [6 cups water, 4 chai tea bags recommended: Yogi brand, 34 cup sweetened condensed milk, 34 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Iced Chai, picturelink: null}, 10294: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Wrap the outside bottom and side of a 9inch springform pan with foil. Make the crust: Pulse the cookies and sugar in a food processor until finely ground. Add the melted butter pulse to combine. Press into the bottom and about 14 inch up the side of the pan. Brush the side of the pan lightly with melted butter. Bake until golden and set, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a rack cool completely.nMake the filling: Drain the ricotta in a finemesh sieve, 20 minutes. Combine with the sugar in the food processor pulse until smooth. Add the pumpkin, eggs, mascarpone, vanilla, pie spice and salt pulse until combined. Do not overmix. Pour the filling into the cooled crust. Bake until set around the edge but the center still jiggles slightly, 1 12 hours to 1 hour 45 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool to room temperature. Cover and refrigerate until cold and set, at least 8 hours or overnight.nMake the topping: Chop 1 cup cranberries and put in a small saucepan with the sugar, lemon juice, salt and 13 cup water. Cook over medium heat until thick, 7 to 10 minutes. Stir in the remaining 34 cup whole cranberries cook 2 more minutes. Let cool.nLet the cheesecake sit at room temperature 20 minutes, then run a thin knife around the edge and remove the springform ring. Add a splash of water to the cranberry topping to loosen, if needed, then spread over the cheesecake.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 7ounce package amaretti cookies, 1 tablespoon sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the pan, For the filling:, 1 pound wholemilk ricotta cheese preferably fresh1 12 cups sugar, 1 15ounce can pure pumpkin puree, 3 large eggs, 34 cup mascarpone cheese, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 12 teaspoon salt, For the topping:, 1 34 cups fresh cranberries, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Pinch of salt], title: PumpkinCranberry Cheesecake, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 10295: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPut about 3 cups stale Italian bread on a baking sheet and put in hot oven. Bake for 10 minutes, cool and add to the bowl of a food processor fitted with a bottom blade. Pulse into crumbs.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Salt the water and add the pasta. Cook until al dente. Remove 1 cup of the cooking water and reserve. Drain the pasta and set aside.nIn a large saute pan, add 4 tablespoons of the olive oil and the bread crumbs and cook over mediumhigh heat until golden and well coated. Remove from the pan to a plate.nAdd the remaining 4 tablespoons of the oil to the pan and when hot, add the anchovies and the minced red bell peppers and cook, rapidly, stirring them around with a wooden spoon, for about 2 minutes. Add the onions and cook for 6 to 8 minutes, stirring frequently. Add the garlic and chili flakes, cook for an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Add 12 to 1 cup of the bread crumbs and half of the cheese. Stir in the pasta, toss to combine, adding the cooking liquid as needed.nTransfer to a serving platter and garnish with remaining cheese, bread crumbs and parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups cubed stale Italian bread, Salt, 1 pound bucatini pasta, 8 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 2ounce cans anchovy fillets, in olive oil, minced, 1 cup 2 large roasted red bell peppers, seeded and finely minced, 1 cup sweet onion, finely minced, 7 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, divided, 13 cup minced Italian parsley leaves], title: Alexs Anchovy Bucatini, picturelink: 6VHIA1j3jl.fWvVSck7WHJrdMzQlc.2}, 10296: {instructions: Welcome your guests with a cup of blood: Stir one 64ounce bottle cherry or cranberrycherry juice, 1 liter ginger ale, 14 cup lemon juice and 1 tablespoon grenadine in a large punch bowl. Add 2 cups frozen cherries and 1 orange, cut into chunks. To spike it, add 2 cups bourbon or rye and 3 dashes orange bitters. nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [], title: BloodRed Cherry Punch, picturelink: Xcn8yLboimGV6YBg7y180OvQHKYVAQK}, 10297: {instructions: First you need to make a flavor base for the tagine: Cut a cross over the bottom nodule of the tomatoes and blanch in boiling water. Then peel skin away, cut into quarters, and seed.nBurn the outside of the pepper over a naked gas flame. When the skin is black, place pepper into plastic bag and seal. When cool enough to handle, rub from the outside to remove all the pepper skin, split, and seed.nPour 1 tablespoon of olive oil into a casserole dish, or tagine. Chop the pepper and tomatoes and place in the dish, add the chopped onion and some garlic. Heat over a flame to cook slowly.nThen start making the marinade for the fish: Crush the fresh cilantro and flat leaf parsley with a pinch of salt in a pestle and mortar. Place into a flat mixing bowl with 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Add turmeric, ground ginger, and black pepper.nPrepare the fish by chopping the heads and tails off, slice diagonally across its body to allow the flavors to penetrate the fish. Add sea bass, red mullet, and squid to marinade. Leave for 10 to 15 minutes.nAdd the fish to the flavor base, big pieces first. Leave the squid for last minutes, as this does not take long to cook. Cook over the heat for 10 minutes. Then add the squid and shrimps and any leftover juices. Cook for a further 5 minutes.nServe with couscous and salad., ingredients: [3 vine tomatoes, 1 large green pepper, seeded and sliced thinly, 1 onion, finely chopped, 5 cloves garlic, crushed with the flat side of a knife, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, 12 bunch fresh flat leaf parsley, 1 teaspoon salt, Olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 whole sea bass, 2 little red mullet, 1 pound squid, 1 pound medium shrimp, Serving suggestion: steamed couscous and salad], title: Fish Tagine, picturelink: null}, 10298: {instructions: Place the garlic, cilantro, jalapeno, honey, lime juice, fish sauce and salt in the bowl of a food processor and process until almost smooth. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add the noodles and cook for 2 minutes. Drain, rinse well with cold water and drain again. In a large bowl, combine the sauce, noodles, carrots, cucumber, mint and napa cabbage. Toss well and garnish with peanuts., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup chopped cilantro, 1 jalapeno pepper, chopped, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pound dried rice vermicelli, 2 carrots, julienned, 1 cucumber, halved, peeled, seeded and sliced into thin halfrounds, 14 cup chopped fresh mint, 12 cup finely shredded napa cabbage, 14 cup chopped dryroasted nuts], title: Vietnamese RiceNoodle Salad, picturelink: null}, 10299: {instructions: Bring the meat to room temperature, then pat dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat the EVOO in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Brown the meat in batches until well caramelized and brown, then remove to a plate and reserve.nTo the pan, add the garlic, bay leaf, carrots and onions. Reduce the heat and cook, partially covered, 5 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, 1 minute, then add the stock and set the beef back into the juices. Cover and reduce the heat to low, cooking until very tender, stirring occasionally and adding a little water if pan gets a little dry, 2 to 2 hours 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nTrim up the beets so they sit upright, but keep the skins on, and spray with olive oil. Season the beets with salt and pepper, wrap in aluminum foil and roast until tender 40 to 45 minutes. Cool the beets and peel with paper towels, then dice.nBreak up the meat with forks into pieces, then add the beets to the sauce and combine. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat and add a little stock if necessary to loosen.nCook the pappardelle in salted boiling water to al dente, drain and reserve 1 cup of the pasta water. Toss the pasta with the starchy cooking water and half of the ragu. Top shallow bowls of pasta with more ragu. Pass the cheese at the table and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [2 pounds beef chuck, 1 12 to 2inch cubes, Salt and pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons EVOO, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 large bay leaf, 1 small carrot, finely chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 3 cups beef stock, plus more to reheat, 5 to 6 medium beets, Olive oil cooking spray, 1 pound pappardelle pasta, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, to pass, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Beef and Beet Ragu with Pappardelle, picturelink: gwFJ5g.GesysujE1yq8JZEy.C3Jfb6}, 10300: {instructions: Add canola oil to a heavy bottomed pot with a tight fitting lid and put it over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the chicken thighs, skin side up, fitting them in tightly. Add the thyme and rosemary sprigs, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and pour in 12 cup water. When it comes to a boil, lower the heat, cover and simmer for 1 hour. Remove the chicken from the pot and let it cool. When it is cool, shred the meat, discarding the skin and bones. Reserve the meat from 2 thighs for Round 2 Recipe Chicken Tacos with Cucumber Salsa.nIn a large bowl combine the sugar, vinegar, red pepper flakes and mix together. Shred half of the cabbage and add it to the bowl, then season with salt and pepper, to taste. Reserve the remaining cabbage half for the Round 2 Recipe Chicken Tacos with Cucumber Salsa. Toss to coat all of the cabbage, then cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, barbecue sauce, mustard, and hot sauce. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the shredded chicken and toss to coat.nDivide the shredded chicken evenly among each roll bottom. Top with some of the cabbage, cover with the roll top, and insert a toothpick to hold it all together. Arrange on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [Canola oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 pounds bonein, skinon chicken thighs, about 8, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup water, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 head green cabbage, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup barbecue sauce, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 dozen small dinner rolls, sliced], title: Chicken Sliders with Spicy BBQ Mayo, picturelink: null}, 10301: {instructions: Prepare a grill for medium heat.nPut the grated garlic into a large resealable bag. Add 14 cup oil, the lemon zest and juice, oregano and the chicken. Seal the bag tightly and use your hands to vigorously massage the marinade into the chicken, making sure that the chicken is evenly coated. Marinate for at least 10 minutes at room temperature.nMeanwhile, remove the rind from the watermelon, cut the fruit into 1inch cubes and put in a large mixing bowl. You should have about 6 cups total. Quarter the cucumber lengthwise and cut into 1inch pieces. Place on top of the watermelon in the mixing bowl. Cut the feta into 12inch cubes, put on top of the cucumber and top with the Kalamata olives. Do not mix yet. Reserve.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and place on a platter. Lightly oil the grill grates. Sprinkle the chicken liberally with salt and pepper and arrange the pieces skinside down on the grill, leaving some space between the pieces. Cook until the skin is lightly charred and releases itself from the grill, about 2 minutes. Then rotate the chicken about 90 degrees so that the skin wont burn and cook another 2 minutes. Flip and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Cover the grill and cook until an instantread thermometer inserted into the deepest part of each chicken thigh reads 165 degrees F, about 5 more minutes. Transfer to a platter and rest for at least 5 minutes before serving.nWhile the chicken is resting, brush the cut sides of the baguette halves with 2 tablespoons oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange the bread cutside down on the grill until lightly charred and warmed through, about 2 minutes. Halve the remaining garlic clove and lightly rub the cut sides of the garlic onto the hot bread. Halve each piece of baguette.nScatter most of the mint over the watermelon mixture. Add the remaining 14 cup extravirgin olive oil and a large pinch of salt and pepper and gently stir to combine.nDivide the watermelon salad among 4 large dinner plates along with a piece of chicken and some bread. Garnish with the remaining mint and serve immediately., ingredients: [5 large garlic cloves, 4 grated, 1 whole, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates, Zest and juice of 2 lemons, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 4 large bonein, skinon chicken thighs about 2 pounds, 12 of a medium watermelon about 3 pounds, 1 garden cucumber, peeled 8 ounces, One 4ounce block feta, 12 cup pitted Kalamata olives, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 baguette, halved lengthwise, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, torn into large pieces], title: 30Minute Grilled Chicken Thighs with Watermelon and Feta Salad, picturelink: tP5U4etMtEoVTlrgG8sa9nC08600dG}, 10302: {instructions: In a large enameled cast iron or other flameproof casserole, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions, garlic, and peppers and cook for 5 minutes, or until softened. Stir in the prosciutto and cook for 3 minutes more, stirring occasionally. Add the tomatoes and increase the heat to medium high. Stirring frequently to prevent the mixture from scorching, cook until the liquid from the tomatoes has evaporated. Stir in the ground almonds, saffron, thyme, rosemary, salt, black pepper, and red pepper flakes, and wine. Reduce the mixture until the wine has almost all evaporated. Add the fish stock and lemon juice, bring the mixture to a boil and add the clams and mussels. Reduce the heat to medium, cover the pan and cook for 10 minutes. Add the shrimp, scallops, and squid and cook for 5 minutes more, by which time all of the shellfish should have opened. Remove and discard any that have not. Taste and adjust seasoning, if necessary, and serve straight from the casserole into heated soup bowls, garnished with a wedges of lemon and toasted bread., ingredients: [12 cup Spanish olive oil, 2 large onions, finely chopped, 4 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 red bell peppers, cored, seeded, and cut into 14 inch strips, 2 ounce prosciutto, cut into strips, 3 pounds ripe tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped or use canned tomatoes, 12 cup ground almonds see Note, 12 teaspoon saffron threads or 18 teaspoon ground saffron, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves only, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons salt, or to taste, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 12 cups fish stock, or half clam juice, half water, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 clams, well scrubbed, 12 mussels, well scrubbed, 6 jumbo shrimp in their shells, 1 pound scallops, 1 12 pounds squid, cleaned and cut into rings, 6 lemon wedges, for garnish, Wedges of grilled country bread, for serving], title: Zarzuela de Mariscos, picturelink: null}, 10303: {instructions: Soak the bread bread crumbs in the cream. Mix the ground meat and add the cream and bread mixture. Brown the finely chopped onion in a little butter. Mix the onion with an egg and add it to the meat mixture. Work the mixture until smooth. Add some more water to give a smooth consistency, season with pepper and salt as you go.nRoll the meat into balls. The simplest method is to shape them using the wet palm of your hand and a couple of tablespoons, alternately standing them in a glass of hot water.nMelt rather large quantity of butter and put 10 to 20 meatballs at a time, depending on their size. Let them brown, and shake the pan now and again so that they roll around, removing each one when they are ready.nIf the meatballs are to be served with gravy or sauce, proceed as follows:nRinse the frying pan with water after each frying and add new butter. When all the meatballs are ready, sprinkle a little flour in the pan, pour in the gravy i.e. butter from the frying and water used to rinse the pan and stir until the sauce is even. Flavor with a little white pepper, salt and perhaps some Soy Sauce. Let the meatballs bubble gently for a few minutes in the sauce, over low heat. If a creamy sauce is desired, pour cream into the pan after the last frying.nServe the meatballs with potatoes, lingonberries, salt or pickled cucumber and gravy., ingredients: [12 cup crushed rusks or white bread bread crumbs, 34 cup cream, 1 cup ground beef, 12 cup ground veal, 12 cup ground pork, preferably with fat may be substituted for more beef, 12 finely chopped onion, Butter for frying, 1 egg, Salt, White pepper, Soy sauce, optional], title: Swedish Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 10304: {instructions: In a bowl or resealable plastic bag, season the chicken with 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper and the garlic powder. Cover or seal and refrigerate overnight or up to 24 hours.nPour 12 to 1 inch of oil into a deep 12inch castiron skillet and heat until a pinch of flour sizzles upon contact about 360 degrees F. Set a wire rack on top of a rimmed baking sheet and set aside. In a bowl, whisk together the milk and eggs. Place the flour in a separate bowl. Dip the chicken in the egg wash, drain off the excess, then dredge in the flour, shaking off the excess.nWorking in batches, place the chicken skinside down in the skillet and fry for 3 minutes without moving. Continue to fry, turning the chicken every 1 to 2 minutes to ensure even browning and cooking, until the chicken is cooked through, 11 to 15 minutes. Drain on the rack and serve hot, warm or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Evan Sung, ingredients: [1 whole chicken about 4 pounds, cut into 8 pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Soybean or canola oil, for frying, 2 cups whole milk, 3 large eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour], title: Charles Country Pan Fried Chicken, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 10305: {instructions: In a large saute pan set over medium heat, add enough olive oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan. When the oil is hot, add the onions and saute until translucent, but not browned, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute, stirring. Add the tomatoes and cook until they start to give off their liquid, about 5 minutes. Add the thyme and season with salt and pepper. Add the sugar and cook until there is almost no liquid left, about 10 to 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove from the heat.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nLay the eggplant and zucchini out on a flat surface and season with salt and pepper. Drizzle with olive oil.nIn another large saute pan set over medium high heat, add enough olive oil to coat the bottom of the pan. When the oil just starts to smoke, add the eggplant in 1 layer and cook just until golden brown on both sides, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. You might need to do this in batches. Remove to a paper towel lined plate. Blot the top with additional paper towels.nIn the same pan, add more olive oil to coat the bottom of the pan. When the oil just starts to smoke, add the zucchini in 1 layer and saute until just browned on each side, about 1 minute per side. Remove to a paper towel lined plate.nIn a shallow roasting pan or baking dish, spread half of the tomato sauce evenly over the bottom. Begin layering the eggplant and zucchini along the outside of the baking dish so they are overlapping slightly. Continue until the pan is full and the eggplant and zucchini is used. Cover the top with the remaining tomato sauce, spreading evenly. Sprinkle the mozzarella and Parmesan evenly over the top, covering completely.nPlace the baking dish inside a large baking dish. Pour hot water into the larger baking dish about half way up the sides to make a water bath. Bake for 25 minutes, or until the cheese is golden brown and bubbly. Remove from the oven and let sit for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Olive oil, 1 large onion, small diced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 12 cups peeled, seeded, chopped tomatoes, 1 tablespoon minced thyme leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 Japanese eggplants, peeled in alternating 1inch strips, leaving some of the skin on, sliced diagonally into 14inch thick slices, 3 small zucchini, ends trimmed, and sliced into 14inch thick rounds, 1 cup grated mozzarella, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Vegetable Gratin, picturelink: gvFqCvKquOz4psP7RcwxOpOXLTp76ya}, 10306: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a mandoline and a meat thermometernFor the chicken and rub: In a medium bowl, mix the cumin, paprika, white pepper, thyme, onion powder, garlic powder and salt.nIn a large bowl, add the chicken and pour the butter over it, massaging the butter into the skin and the cavity of the chicken. Generously coat the chicken with the rub and allow to rest for 30 minutes.nFor the potatoes. Brush the bottom and sides of a large castiron pan with melted butter and set the remaining butter aside. Arrange the potato slices upright in a spiral around the pan not flat like a gratin. Between every 8 to 10 slices, tuck in some garlic and randomly tuck in the red onion slices as well. Once done, brush the remaining butter over the entire dish and sprinkle with the red chile flakes and some salt. Cover tightly with aluminum foil or a lid.nPreheat the grill until extremely hot.nPut the chicken skinside down on the grill over indirect heat. Immediately top the chicken with the castiron pan of potatoes and press down. Close the grill and cook the chicken and potatoes for 20 to 25 minutes. Uncover the potatoes, move the pan off the chicken and place it over indirect heat. Flip the chicken so its skinside up, place back over indirect heat as well and cook until a meat thermometer registers around 160 degrees F, 15 to 20 minutes more, drizzling the chicken with the honey about 5 minutes before its done.nSet the chicken aside and gently tent with aluminum foil. Poke the potatoes with a fork and, if not tender, cook 5 to 10 minutes more with the grill closed. When ready to serve, drizzle the crema over the potatoes and sprinkle with the parsley. Serve with the chicken cut into parts., ingredients: [1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon hot Hungarian paprika, 1 tablespoon ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 whole chicken, butterflied, skin on, rib bones left in, at room temperature, 1 stick 8 tablespoons salted butter, melted, 14 cup honey, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 6 to 8 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced paperthin on a mandoline, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 red onion, sliced paperthin on a mandoline, 14 teaspoon red chile flakes, Kosher salt, 14 cup Mexican crema, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: Sunnys DoubleDecker Blackened Honey Chicken and Accordion Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: rnxI7l3r266CslQ67fJhuDWHB1.uNQS}, 10307: {instructions: In a large heatproof bowl pour boiling water to cover over the noodles and let them stand for 10 minutes. Drain the noodles and arrange them on a platter or divide them among 6 plates. In a bowl combine the chicken, the carrot and the cucumbers.nMake the dressing: Mince and mash the garlic to a paste with the salt. In a blender blend together the soy sauce, the lime juice, the sugar, the peanut butter, the red pepper flakes and the garlic paste, with the motor running add the oil in a stream, and blend the dressing until it is emulsified.nPour half the dressing over the chicken mixture, toss the salad well, and arrange it in the center of the noodles. The salad may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Just before serving top the salad with the peanuts. Serve the remaining dressing separately. Serve the salad at room temperature or chilled., ingredients: [4 12 to 5 ounces cellophane noodles bean threads, available at Asian markets and many supermarkets, 3 pounds chicken breasts, poached, skin and bones discarded, and the meat torn into thin shreds about 4 cups, 1 cup finely grated carrot, 2 cucumbers, peeled, seeded and chopped, 4 large garlic cloves, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup soy sauce, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon peanut butter, 1 14 teaspoons dried hot red pepper flakes, 14 cup vegetable oil, 13 cup coarsely crushed roasted peanuts, or to taste], title: Thai Chicken Salad with Cellophane Noodles, picturelink: null}, 10308: {instructions: In food processor combine tomatoes, scallions, jalapeno, juice of the lime, and red peppers. Process until smooth. Season with salt, pepper and a dash of Tabasco pepper sauce to taste. Chill and serve.nPEELED TOMATOESnBring a large pot of water to a rolling boil. Using a paring knife make an X on the bottom of each tomato. Lower tomatoes into boiling water for 30 to 45 seconds. Remove tomatoes to a bowl of ice water to stop cooking process. Tomatoes can now be peeled with fingers, ingredients: [4 cups peeled tomato chunks, 3 scallions, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and sliced, 1 lime, 1 red pepper, seeded and chopped, Salt, Pepper, Tabasco pepper sauce], title: Spicy Tomato Soup, picturelink: null}, 10309: {instructions: Put the bratwursts in a medium pot in a single layer. Pour in the beer, then add enough water to cover the bratwursts by 1 inch, if necessary. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low. Simmer until the bratwursts are cooked through, 12 to 14 minutes. Remove to a plate and allow to cool completely.nMeanwhile, combine the ground beef, Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl. Gently mix with your hands and divide into 4 equal portions.nLay out a piece of plastic wrap. Arrange 4 bacon slices side by side on the plastic to form a rectangle, overlapping them slightly. Position the bacon rectangle with a short end in front of you. Press a portion of the beef over the half of the bacon rectangle closest to you. Place a bratwurst horizontally on top of the beef. Using the plastic wrap to help, tightly roll the bacon and beef around the bratwurst away from you remove the plastic wrap. Secure the bacon with kitchen twine in 3 or 4 spots. Repeat to wrap the remaining bratwursts.nPlace the baconwrapped bratwursts seamside down in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Cook, turning, until the bacon is crisp and the beef is cooked through, about 10 minutes. Remove to a plate, tent with foil and let rest 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the broiler. Drizzle the insides of the buns with olive oil. Place on a baking sheet and broil until golden brown, about 1 minute. Use scissors to remove the twine from the bratwursts. Place on the buns and top with the chopped onion and cheese.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [4 fresh pork bratwursts, 2 12ounce bottles lager beer, 12 pound ground beef chuck, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 16 slices centercut bacon, 4 hot dog buns, split, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 12 sweet onion, finely chopped, 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese about 4 ounces], title: Bacon Burger Dogs, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 10310: {instructions: In a blender combine avocado, stock and lemon juice and process for several minutes to a smooth puree season to taste with salt and Tabasco pepper sauce. Refrigerate, covered, for at least 1 hour until well chilled.nIn a nonreactive bowl combine lime juice, chile, tomato, cilantro and chives. Slowly whisk in oil season to taste with salt and Tabasco pepper sauce. Stir fish into marinade, cover and refrigerate for 60 minutes. Remove from refrigerator and let sit 15 minutes at room temperature.nTo serve, ladle soup into a large shallow soup bowl. Remove fish from marinade with a slotted spoon and mound in center of plate. Garnish with cilantro or dill sprigs and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large, ripe avocado, chopped, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons freshlysqueezed lemon juice, Salt, Tabasco pepper sauce, 2 tablespoons freshlysqueezed lime juice, 1 chile pepper, seeded and minced, 1 small tomato, peeled, seeded and diced very small, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro, plus extra sprigs, for garnish, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 34 pound fresh white fish fillets, such as red snapper, halibut or sea bass, sliced into 316inch strips], title: Michel Richards Avocado Soup with Snapper Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 10311: {instructions: Tomato Garlic Gnocchi for Kids: Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the garlic bloom until fragrant, 30 seconds.nAdd the tomatoes, basil and a good pinch of salt. Let simmer for 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer the sauce to a food processor and blend until smooth, then pour back into the pot.nBring another large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the gnocchi and cook until al dente, 2 minutes. Drain the gnocchi and add it to the tomato sauce.nAt this point, ladle out about a cup of the gnocchi and portion it out into small bowls. Garnish with Parmesan cheese and its ready for the kidsnGnocchi Puttanesca for Adults: To the pot, add the olives and capers and stir to combine. You could also just sprinkle the olives and capers on top of the gnocchi if you prefer. Either way is finenThe gloriously simple gnocchi puttanesca is ready for the adult faces. Yay Garnish with fresh Parmesan and basil leaves. Dont forget that crusty bread, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, minced, One 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, tomatoes crushed by hand, Handful fresh basil leaves about 8, plus additional for garnish, Coarse salt, 1 bag 1.25 ounces frozen gnocchi dried is fine, too, Freshly grated Parmesan, for garnish, 12 cup halved Kalamata olives, 2 tablespoons capers, Crusty bread, for serving], title: One Recipe, Two Ways: Gnocchi with Tomato Sauce, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 10312: {instructions: In a pot of boiling salted water, cook the pasta until al dente drain.nSet an extralarge skillet, or a large heavy saucepan, over mediumlow heat and cook the bacon until crispy and the fat renders out, 10 to 12 minutes. Set the bacon aside, reserving the fat to build your sauce. At this point you should have about 14 cup of reserved fat. If needed, add some olive oil or butter to make sure you have a 14 cup of fat in the pan.nAdd the flour and cook, whisking constantly, until the paste bubbles a bit, about 2 minutes make sure it doesnt brown. Continuing to whisk, add 3 cups of the hot milk and cook until the sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Bring the sauce to a boil, reduce the heat to low and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes. Stir in the dry mustard, and then gradually add the Cheddar and Muenster cheeses, stirring constantly until all of the cheese has melted into the sauce. Stir in the hot sauce and the remaining 1 cup milk. Add the cooked pasta to the sauce and stir to coat. Stir in the crispy bacon and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 6 strips thickcut smoked bacon, cut in 14inch pieces, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups hot whole milk, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, or more as needed, 8 ounces sharp Cheddar, shredded 2 cups, 8 ounces Muenster cheese, shredded 2 cups, 1 tablespoon hot sauce], title: Creamy Stovetop Bacon Mac and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 10313: {instructions: To temper the chocolate: Chop the chocolate in to small pieces and place in a bowl over barely simmering water to melt. Bring the chocolate up to 113 degrees F. Turn off the heat, remove the bowl from the simmering water, and let cool, stirring until it reaches 82 to 86 degrees F. It will begin to set a little around the edges at this point. Return the bowl to the hot now turned off water for a few seconds at a time, until it reaches 88 to 91 degrees F. Do not let it go over 91 degrees or it will go out of temper.nPour melted milk chocolate in a candy mold with individual fluted cups to coat the insides. Pour the excess chocolate back into the bowl and let set or chill to set.nMeanwhile, mix the peanut butter with the powdered sugar. Using a small spoon or pastry bag with a large plain tip fill each chocolate cup with the peanut butter filling leaving room for a chocolate seal and chill slightly.nUsing a paper cone or pastry bag filled with melted milk chocolate, fill in the surface of the cups to enclose the filling with chocolate. Let set, then turn out of the mold.nNotes about the recipe: I have two recipes for this, one where you blend the peanut butter right with the milk chocolate and then pour it into the molds which is a more direct route to the same end flavor. The other is more traditional and the one Ive done here with the filling separate from the outer chocolate shell., ingredients: [1 pound milk chocolate, tempered or coating milk chocolate, 1 cup peanut butter, creamy or chunky, 14 cup powdered sugar], title: Peanut Butter Cups, picturelink: null}, 10314: {instructions: Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Saute tortillas with garlic and epazote over medium heat until tortillas are soft.nAdd onion and fresh tomato puree and bring to a boil. Add cumin, chili powder, bay leaves, canned tomato puree and chicken stock. Bring to a boil again, then reduce heat to simmer. Add salt and cayenne pepper to taste, and cook stirring frequently for 30 minutes. Skim fat from surface, if necessary.nStrain and pour into warm soup bowls. Garnish with an equal portion of chicken breast, avocado, shredded cheese and crisp tortilla strips. Serve Immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons corn oil, 4 corn tortillas, coarsely chopped, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh epazote or cilantro, 1 cup fresh onion, pureed, 2 cups pureed fresh tomatoes, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 whole bay leaves, 4 tablespoons canned tomato puree, 2 quarts chicken stock, Salt, Cayenne pepper, 1 cooked chicken breast cut into strips, 1 avocado, peeled, seeded and cubed, 1 cup Cheddar cheese, shredded, 3 corn tortillas, cut in strips and fried until crisp], title: The Mansions Tortilla Soup, picturelink: null}, 10315: {instructions: For the pasta water: Begin by bringing your pasta water to a boil then reducing to a simmer. Add reserved lobster shells, oiled annatto seed, 12 onion, salt and fresh culantro. You may do this a day in advance.nFor the lobster: Bring a saute pan to mediumhigh heat. Add 1 12 ounces achiote oil and 1 tablespoon butter adding remaining oil to simmering pasta water with seeds. Drop pasta into seasoned water. Add sliced onion to saute pan and cook until slightly caramelized. Add lobster meat and continue to saute until slightly firm and opaque, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Add sliced garlic, tomato and chopped culantro. Saute lightly for 1 minute. Add white wine and crushed red pepper. Reduce by one quarter. Add chicken broth and simmer. Add butter and stir to incorporate. Drain pasta and toss lightly with lobster saute. Plate and top with shaved Parmesan and chiffonade of culantro and serve immediately., ingredients: [Boiling water seasoned with 14 cup kosher salt, Reserved lobster shells, oiled annatto seed, reserved onion 12, and fresh culantro., 2 ounces achiote oil 2 ounces extravirgin olive oil with 12 teaspoon annatto seed reserve oiled seeds for pasta water, 2 tablespoons butter, divided, 12 thinly sliced Spanish onion reserve other 12 for pasta water, 4 lobster tails cleaned and roughly chopped reserve shells for pasta water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 Roma tomatoes, seeded and roughly chopped, 1 bunch Spanish culantro: you may substitute with fresh cilantro 2 tablespoons chopped Spanish culantro, plus 12 teapsoon thinly sliced or chiffonade Spanish culantro, for garnish reserve the rest for pasta water., 2 ounces white wine, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 2 ounces quality chicken broth, 8 ounces thin linguini or your favorite pasta], title: Linguini and Lobster Caribe, picturelink: eEPLxXbLzXL.VDiN9IIztOINUX0JCT6}, 10316: {instructions: In a food processor fitted with a steel blade, combine ricotta, lemon pudding and sour cream. Process until smooth. Add lemon zest and process for 1 minute. Mix until pudding consistency.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheet with kitchen parchment.nIn a small bowl, combine honey and warm water. Stir until honey dissolves. Using a pastry brush, lightly brush wrappers on both sides with honey water. Place on parchmentlined baking sheet. Bake for approximately 8 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove from oven, let cool.nTo serve, place one wrapper on a plate and spoon a dollop of pudding mixture. Repeat with another layer. Mix 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract to the whipped topping. Top third wrapper with a dollop of whipped topping. Garnish with a sprinkle of lemon zest., ingredients: [1 cup lowfat ricotta cheese, 1 3.4ounce box instant sugarfree lemon pudding and pie filling, 1 cup sour cream, light, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, finely minced, plus extra for garnish, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon warm water, 12 wonton wrappers, 4 tablespoons whipped topping, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Lemon Cream Napoleon, picturelink: null}, 10317: {instructions: Special equipment: Several ceramic or silicone ghostshaped moldsnMake the Panna Cotta: In a very small saucepan sprinkle gelatin over water and let stand about 1 minute to soften. Heat gelatin mixture over low heat until gelatin is dissolved and remove pan from heat.nIn a large saucepan bring cream, halfandhalf, and sugar just to a boil over moderately high heat, stirring. Remove pan from heat and stir in gelatin mixture and vanilla. Divide cream mixture among the ghost molds and cool to room temperature. Chill molds, covered, at least 4 hours or overnight.nMake the Sauce: In a small saucepan simmer juice, fresh or frozen cranberries, and sugar, stirring occasionally, until cranberries are softened, about 7 minutes. In a blender, puree mixture until smooth use caution when blending hot liquids. Pour sauce through a sieve into a small bowl, pressing hard on solids, and discard solids. Cool sauce. Sauce may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered.nRun a thin knife around edge of each mold. Dip molds, 1 at a time, into a bowl of hot water 2 seconds and invert each panna cotta onto a plate. Serve panna cottas with the sauce spooned around the sides., ingredients: [1 envelope unflavored gelatin about 1 tablespoon, 2 tablespoons cold water, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup halfandhalf, 13 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 34 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup fresh or unthawed frozen cranberries, 1 12 tablespoons sugar], title: Ghostly Panna Cottas with Ghastly SaucePanna Cotta with CranberryOrange Sauce, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 10318: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Butter and flour six, 6 ounces custard cups.nPlace chocolate and butter in a metal bowl and set it over a pan of simmering water. Stir until melted and smooth. Cool slightly.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the eggs, yolks and sugar until they are pale and thick, about 10 minutes. Reduce the speed and gradually mix in the flour.nAdd the chocolate mixture to the flour mixture and continue to beat until thick and glossy, about 5 minutes.nDivide among the prepared cups. Add 1 tablespoon. chopped chocolate. Bake until the cake is set around the edges but the center moves slightly when the cup is moved, about 12 minutes. Cool slightly.nRun a sharp knife around the edges of the cups. Turn out onto plates and serve with warm ice cream., ingredients: [5 12 ounces imported bittersweet chocolate not unsweetened, preferably Valrhona from France, coarsely chopped, 11 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut in large pieces, 3 large eggs, 3 large egg yolks, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Vanilla ice cream], title: Valrhona Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 10319: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and fine salt together in a bowl.nWith an electric mixer, beat the brown sugar, granulated sugar and butter together in a large bowl until light and fluffy, 3 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the vanilla extract and beat to combine. Add the flour mixture and beat until just incorporated. Stir in the chocolate chips and caramel bits.nScoop heaping tablespoons of the dough onto the baking sheets, leaving about 2 inches of space between the cookies you will have cookie dough left over. Sprinkle each cookie with a pinch of sea salt.nBake the cookies until golden brown, rotating the position of the baking sheets halfway through, 13 minutes. Transfer the cookies to a rack to cool. Meanwhile, cool the baking sheets and repeat with the remaining cookie dough., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 sticks butter, softened, 2 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 34 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup caramel bits or caramel candies, chopped, 1 12 teaspoons flaky sea salt], title: Salted Caramel Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 10320: {instructions: In a shallow dish combine the oregano, white and black sesame seeds, brown sugar, pinch of salt and pepper, julienned ginger, coriander cilantro, Vietnamese mint, Asian basil and the pounded ginger, garlic, and onion. Mix well, and then roll the tuna steak in the mixture, turning to coat it well. Place a nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat, and add the vegetable oil. Sear the tuna for 45 to 60 seconds on all sides, or until browned. Remove the tuna and slice into 34inch thick slices and serve on a bed of the mango salsa. Finish with a squeeze of lime and sprinkle with a pinch or black sesame seeds., ingredients: [12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon white sesame seeds, toasted, 14 teaspoon black sesame seeds, toasted, 14 teaspoon brown sugar, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon finely julienned fresh ginger, 2 sprigs fresh coriander cilantro, finely sliced, 4 fresh Vietnamese mint leaves, finely sliced, 2 fresh Asian basil leaves, finely sliced, 12 teaspoon pounded fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon pounded garlic, 12 teaspoon pounded onion, 7 ounces tuna steak preferably round, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 whole mango, peeled, pitted and sliced, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 2 sprigs fresh coriander cilantro, sliced, 1 tomato, diced, 12 onion, diced, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, Juice of 1 lime], title: Seared Tuna with Mango: SalsaCa Tu Chien, picturelink: null}, 10321: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl or in the food processor combine mashed potatoes, cheese, ham and eggs. Season with plenty of salt and freshly ground black pepper. The mixture should still be wet enough so the bread crumbs stick to the croquettas. Form into croquettas makes about 2 dozen, mediumsized and dip into panko bread crumbs, seasoned with salt and pepper. Pat lightly so the crumbs stick. Lay out on a tray, cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before frying.nTo fry, heat 1inch of vegetable oil in a deepfryer or heavy bottomed pot, over medium heat to about 360 degrees F. Fry in small batches, turning once until evenly browned. Each batch should take approximately 5 to 6 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season with kosher salt. Transfer to a serving platter and sprinkle with chives and shaved manchego. Serve with Romesco Sauce.nToast almonds in a skillet over medium heat until golden, about 3 minutes. Transfer almonds to a blender. Add roasted red peppers, egg yolk, garlic, zest, and season with salt and pepper. Pulse a few times to combine the ingredients. With the blender on low speed drizzle in the olive oil. Once it begins to emulsify, stop the blender and add the orange juice, and sherry vinegar. Buzz once more to fully emulsify.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs. Due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [3 cups mashed potatoes, leftover or freshly made, 14 pound manchego cheese, frozen 1 hour then finely chopped with a food processor 1 cup, plus shaved manchego cheese, for serving, 6 ounces serrano ham, frozen 1 hour then finely chopped in a food processor 1 cup, 2 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, Romesco Sauce, for serving, Chopped chives, for serving, 12 cup slivered almonds, 12 poumd roasted red peppers, drained, 1 egg yolk, 2 large garlic cloves, peeled, 12 teaspoon orange zest and 14 cup juice, from 1 orange, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar], title: Serrano Ham and Manchego Croquettas, picturelink: null}, 10322: {instructions: Place the kale in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together the olive oil, lemon juice and some salt. Toss the kale in the dressing and let sit at room temperature to soften.nBefore serving, check the seasoning and add a pinch of red pepper flakes. Top with the toasted pine nuts., ingredients: [1 bunch Tuscan kale, stems removed, cut into chiffonade, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted], title: Kale and Pine Nut Salad, picturelink: peQbH4MYj3YjtBg.EFMxikGvpEbxQX2}, 10323: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDivide the ground beef in half and form 6 somewhatthin patties out of one of the halves. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Fry the patties over medium to mediumlow heat in a large skillet, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Set aside.nIn the same skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the rest of the ground beef, the garlic, onions and some salt and pepper and cook until browned. Drain off the grease and mix in the diced tomatoes, kidney beans, tomato paste, chili powder and cumin. Cook until nice and bubbly, about 20 minutes. Taste and adjust the seasoning.nLay half of each bun on 6 plates so each plate gets half a bun.. Lay 1 patty on each bun piece, then divide the cheese among the patties. Ladle the hot chili all over the patties. Serve with Thin Fries if desired.nPeel and rinse the potatoes, then cut them into sticks by cutting each potato into 4 or 5 vertical pieces, then cutting each piece into sticks. Put the potato sticks in a large bowl, cover with cold water and swish them around to get off the extra starch. Pour off the starchy water and add fresh water. Continue washing the potatoes until the water runs clear. Cover with water again and allow them to soak for 2 or 3 hours. You can also stick them in the fridge and let them soak for up to 3 days.nWhen youre ready to make the fries, drain off the water and lay the potatoes sticks on baking sheets lined with paper towels. Blot them with more paper towels to dry them.nHeat a few inches of oil in a heavy pot until a deepfry thermometer registers 300 degrees F. In 3 or 4 batches, cook the potatoes until soft, about 1 minute per batch. They should not be brown at all at this point You just want to start the cooking process. Remove each batch and drain them on newdry paper towels.nWhen all the potatoes have been fried once, turn up the heat until the oil reaches 400 degrees F. Start frying the potatoes in batches again, cooking until the fries are golden and crisp, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the oil and drain on paper towels.nSprinkle the fries with sea salt and dive in, ingredients: [5 pounds ground beef, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 onion, finely diced, One 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, One 14.5ounce can kidney beans, drained, One 6ounce can tomato paste, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons cumin, 3 goodquality hamburger buns, 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar, Thin Fries, recipe follows, for serving, optional, 10 large russet potatoes, Vegetable or peanut oil, for frying, Sea salt], title: Chili Cheeseburgers, picturelink: 2NoUOQ78ix9OVD6cBAB8hZyKkL5IH7e}, 10324: {instructions: Cut storebought pie dough into holiday shapes and fry in 350 degree vegetable oil until golden. Cool on paper towels and dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [], title: Festive Fritters, picturelink: Y638aZPM8q97vBnLG1XHAsEspF3E7BW}, 10325: {instructions: To make marinade, mix first 6 ingredients and thoroughly mix with the beef. Let stand for at least 1 hour, preferably overnight, refrigerated. In a hot pan or wok, coat with Canola oil and add leeks, garlic and ginger. Stir for 3 minutes to caramelize. Add drained beef and stir for 2 minutes. Add asparagus and heat thoroughly. Check for seasoning. Serve immediately with starch of choice. For me, that means rice., ingredients: [6 ginger slices, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 14 cup Canola oil, 14 cup thin soy sauce, 12 cup shaoshing wine or red wine, 1 pound flank steak, thinly sliced against the grain, 1 tablespoon Canola oil, 4 bunch leeks, julienne white part only, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 1 bunch asparagus, cut in 2inch pieces and blanched, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Gingered Beef with Leeks and Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 10326: {instructions: Make the graham cracker crust: In a food processor or blender, process the graham crackers on high speed until they are finely ground. Add the margarine and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Pat the mixture into a thick layer in the bottom of an 8inch springform pan, or thinner layers in 2 9inch pie plates.nMake the filling: Have all the ingredients at room temperature. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. In a food processor or blender, puree the tofu and pumpkin until smooth. Add the sugar, spices, soy cream cheese, and vanilla and process until smooth. Scrape down the sides as necessary.nPour the tofu mixture into the prepared pie crusts and bake for 50 minutes, until the cheesecake mixture is firm.nTurn the oven off, leaving the cake in the oven for 1 hour. Remove and cool to room temperature. Refrigerate the cheesecake overnight. Serve slightly chilled., ingredients: [2 cups graham cracker crumbs about 16 whole crackers, 6 tablespoons soy margarine, slightly softened, 1 12 pounds silken tofu, 1 cup canned or fresh cooked pumpkin, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 ounces soy cream cheese, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract], title: Pumpkin Tofu Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 10327: {instructions: Combine 1 cup sugar, the vanilla pod, cinnamon, allspice and nutmeg in a large bowl. Work the vanilla seeds into the mixture with your fingers until incorporated set aside.nBeat the remaining 14 cup sugar, the egg yolks, bourbon and vanilla extract in a medium bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and creamy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the flour and salt in 2 batches, alternating with the sour cream, until just combined. Continue beating until the dough starts to pull away from the side of the bowl, about 3 minutes it will be sticky. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap let sit at room temperature 30 minutes.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Cut the dough in half roll out each half into a thin 9inch square on a floured surface. Cut each square into 1by3inch strips. Cut a 1inch slit lengthwise in the center of each strip insert one end of the strip into the opening, pull through and twist to make a bow tie shape. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet.nSet a rack on another baking sheet. Heat 2 inches vegetable oil in a large pot until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Working in batches of 6 to 8, fry the cookies, turning once, until golden brown and crisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to the rack with a slotted spoon toss in the spiced sugar while still warm.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 14 cups sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, seeds scraped out pod reserved, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 5 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup sour cream, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Bourbon Bow Ties, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 10328: {instructions: In a large cast iron skillet, place the olive oil and cloves of garlic. Cook for about 2 minutes over medium heat until garlic gets light tan but not brown. Add the tomatoes into the oil and garlic and scald tomatoes for about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, and breaking up with wooden spoon. Transfer tomato mixture to a large saucepan and keep on low heat. Clean out cast iron skillet for upcoming use.nMix chopped vegetables and herbs together in a big bowl. Take 13 of mixture and set aside. Put the remaining 23 into saucepan with tomato mixture. Add 1 cup of good Italian red wine, such as Chianti do not use cooking wine to tomato mixture. Add 2 16ounce cans of tomato sauce to tomato mixture. Add 1 teaspoon salt to taste, and freshly ground pepper as such as you like. Let the tomato sauce cook uncovered simmering for 1hour.nPut about 1 tablespoon of olive oil in bottom of cast iron skillet. Add ground beef, ground pork, and remaining 13 vegetable mixture. Cook until meat is medium well and then add mixture to tomato sauce. Add 2 tablespoons of sugar to pot. Simmer tomato sauce partially covered for another 1 to 1 12 hours.nWhen tomato sauce is about 15 minutes away from being done, take the 2 sausage links, make a slit down the middle, but do not cut in half. Put the water on to a boil for pasta. Cook Pasta. Place the sausage links in the castiron skillet and cook until browned all the way through. Slice sausage into chunks. Either add sausage to tomato sauce or use as suggested below.nPlace pasta in large serving bowl, add butter, mix, add enough sauce to coat, and as much fresh grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese as you like. Serve pasta from the big bowl into individual servings with a few sausage chunks and more if desired. Bon Appetit, ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 large cloves of garlic, finely chopped, 4 28ounce cans whole peeled Italian tomatoes, undrained, 1 green bell pepper, coarsely chopped, 1 yellow bell pepper, coarsely chopped, 1 medium red onion, finely chopped, 1 medium white onion, finely chopped, 12 bunch Italian parsley, leaves chopped, 1 package mushrooms, chopped, 4 large fresh oregano, chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh leaves of basil, chopped, 1 large stalk celery, chopped, 1cup chianti or good Italian red wine, 2 16ounce cans tomato sauce, Salt, Pepper, 12 pound lean premium ground beef, 12 pound ground pork, Olive oil, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 hot sausage link optional, 1 mild sausage optional, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 pounds pasta of your choice, cooked al dente], title: John Spencers Bolognese Sauce, picturelink: null}, 10329: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together., ingredients: [1 tablespoon opal basil, chiffonade leaves, 1 tablespoon chives, snipped in 1inch pieces, 1 tablespoon fennel fronds, 1 tablespoon chervil, leaves picked from stems, 12 tablespoon oba leaf, chiffonade leaves], title: Herb Salad, picturelink: null}, 10330: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pierce the potatoes a few times with a fork. Microwave until tender, about 12 minutes. Place directly on the oven rack and bake until the skin is crisp, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, chop the bell pepper and scallions. Cook the bacon in a nonstick skillet over medium heat, turning, until crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain on paper towels, then chop. Add the bell pepper and all but 1 tablespoon of the scallions to the skillet. Cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, 4 minutes. Add the spinach, season with salt and pepper and cook until wilted, 5 minutes. Transfer the vegetables to a bowl reserve the skillet.nSplit the potatoes and scoop out half of the flesh from each stir into the vegetables along with the cheese, broth, hot sauce and all but 1 tablespoon of the bacon. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon back into the potatoes. Set on a baking sheet and bake 5 minutes.nReturn the skillet to mediumhigh heat crack the eggs into the pan and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the whites are set, 5 minutes. Serve the eggs over the potatoes top with the reserved scallions and bacon. Serve with more hot sauce.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 small russet potatoes about 8 ounces each, 1 red or green bell pepper, 1 bunch scallions, 3 slices bacon, 8 cups packed baby spinach about 8 ounces, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup shredded reducedfat cheddar cheese about 4 ounces, 14 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 14 teaspoon hot sauce, plus more for serving, 4 large eggs], title: SpinachBacon Stuffed Potatoes, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 10331: {instructions: Whisk the chickpea flour, cornstarch, baking powder, cumin seeds, cayenne and 34 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Add 23 cup water and whisk until smooth. Add the onion, chickpeas, spinach and ginger to the batter and mix to combine.nHeat 2 inches of vegetable oil in a deep heavybottomed pot until a deepfry thermometer registers 325 degrees. Working in batches, drop heaping tablespoonfuls of batter into the oil do not crowd the pan. Cook until lightly golden, about 2 minutes, turning as needed. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a papertowellined plate. Cool slightly, then gently press each fritter into a small disk, about 13 inch thick.nReturn the fritters to the hot oil and fry until crisp and golden brown, about 1 more minute. Season with salt and serve with chutney.nPhotograph by Kate Sears, ingredients: [1 cup chickpea flour available at Middle Eastern, Indian or healthfood stores, or allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornstarch, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 12 onion, finely chopped, 1 cup canned chickpeas, drained, rinsed and roughly chopped, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 1 tablespoon minced peeled ginger, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, Mango chutney, for serving], title: Indian SpinachandChickpea Fritters, picturelink: EJOoUg3kuAYsr2o.ym9GB5Vbs3HpLr.}, 10332: {instructions: Place broccolini in a large bowl. Add 1 cup water and tuck lemon peels in and around the broccolini. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave for 5 minutes. Remove from the microwave, drain and add a little salt., ingredients: [1 12 pounds broccolini, washed, chopped, 1 cup water, 4 strips lemon peel, Salt], title: LemonScented Broccolini, picturelink: null}, 10333: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a heavy saucepan combine sugar and water. Bring the liquid to a boil over low heat, swirling the syrup and washing down any sugar crystals clinging to the sides of the pan with a brush dipped in cold water. Boil the syrup until it reaches the softball stage, or until a candy thermometer registers 240 degrees F.nWhile the syrup is cooking, in the bowl of an electric mixer, beat egg whites until they are foamy. Add cream of tartar and a pinch of salt and beat the whites for 30 seconds. Sprinkle in sugar and beat the whites until they hold stiff peaks. Add the syrup in a stream, beating, and beat the meringue for 10 minutes, or until it is cool. Fill a pastry bag fitted with a 13inch plain tip with the meringue and pipe out 66 mounds, each about 1inch in diameter, onto a large baking sheet lined with parchment paper to make mushroom caps. Hold the pastry bag straight up and pipe out 66 cones on to the baking sheet to make mushroom stems. Bake the meringues in a preheated very slow oven 200 degrees F for 1 hour. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and push in the undersides of the mushroom caps. Return the meringues to the oven and bake them for 30 minutes more. After the 30 minutes, turn off the heat and let the meringues stand in the oven for 2 hours more.nFill a pastry bag fitted with a small star tip with a creme ganache and pipe the cream into the undersides of the caps to simulate gills. Push a stem into each cap, stand the mushrooms upright on their stems in a shallow dish, and set them aside until the creme ganache is firm. Store the mushrooms covered.nIn the top of a double boiler set over hot water, melt the chocolate with the heavy cream and orange flavored liqueur, stirring until the mixture is smooth. Transfer the mixture into a metal bowl and refrigerate, let it cool stirring occasionally for about 30 minutes. When ready to use, whip the chocolate just until it holds soft peaks.nYield: 2 12 cups, ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 4 egg whites, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 tablespoon sugar, Creme Ganache, recipe follows, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, 23 cup heavy cream, 14 cup orange liqueur], title: Meringue Mushrooms, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 10334: {instructions: Loosen skin on each chicken breast on one side and tuck a few sprigs of thyme underneath. Season with salt and pepper and rub chicken breasts with oil. Arrange chicken pieces on rack one inch apart, skinside up, to allow for smoke circulation. Smoke on medium heat for 10 minutes per half pound. Remove from smoker, garnish with fresh thyme and serve., ingredients: [6 chicken breast halves, skin intact, 12 bunch fresh thyme, tough stems removed, salt and pepper to taste, olive oil for coating chicken], title: Thyme Smoked Chicken Breasts, picturelink: null}, 10335: {instructions: In small bowl, mix warm water and honey. Sprinkle yeast on top and let stand for 5 to 10 minutes mixture should start to bubble.nIn large bowl, mix flour and salt. Add olive oil and yeast mixture. Mix well with your hands, kneading dough in bowl until dry ingredients are completely incorporated.nCover bowl with plastic wrap and let dough rise until doubled in bulk, about two hours.nGrease grill rack with pastry brush or wad of paper towel dipped in oil. Prepare grill and preheat broiler.nPunch down dough and knead briefly in bowl. Pinch off pieces of dough and form into balls slightly bigger than golf ball.nOn wellfloured surface, roll balls out into very thin rounds, 6 to 7 inches in diameter.nPlace rounds on grill for several minutes on each side or until just starting to brown. They will cook further under broiler.nRemove from grill and top with cheeses. Broil 3 to 4 inches from heat until cheese melts.nRecipe courtesy Jimmy Kennedy, ingredients: [1 cup warm water, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 14ounce package active dry yeast, 3 cups King Arthur Unbleached AllPurpose Flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 ounces of each of your favorite three Cabot Cheeses, grated about 1 cup each or 3 cups total, Combinations are:, Cabot Tomato Basil Cheddar, Cabot Garlic  Herb Cheddar and Cabot Sharp, or Cabot Horseradish Cheddar, Cabot Smoky Bacon Cheddar and Cabot Seriously Sharp, or Cabot Pepper Jack, Cabot Habanero Cheddar and Cabot Mozzarella Shredded], title: Three Cheese Pizzettas, picturelink: BBnaO68afR1biYAslFJlGalkB7sJnum}, 10336: {instructions: To prepare filling melt butter in a 10inch cast iron skillet over medium heat, add apple slices and cook, stirring frequently, for about 5 minutes. Mix sugars, cinnamon, nutmeg salt and cornstarch in a bowl and gently stir mixture into apples. Continue to cook until apples are soft but not mushy, about 5 minutes.nTo prepare topping mix together flour, 14 cup sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Using 2 knives or a pastry blender, cut in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the milk and vanilla, and quickly blend together with spatula.nTo assemble the pie drop heaping tablespoons of biscuit mixture on top of apples, covering most of the center of the mixture. Sprinkle top with remaining sugar and bake in preheated 350 degree oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until top is golden. Remove pie from oven and let stand for at least 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 Golden Delicious apples, plus 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, sliced thin and tossed with 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 cup brown sugar, firmly packed, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup, plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup unsalted butter, chilled, 23 cup half and half, 34 teaspoon vanilla], title: B. Smiths Skillet Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 10337: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 tall zombie or daiquiri glassesnAdd the light rum, banana puree, blackberry brandy, grenadine, and lemon lime power drink to a blender and blend on low for 30 seconds. Fill each of 4 glasses with ice. Pour the blender contents over the ice, top each glass with 1ounce of Pinot Grigio and garnish with a banana segment on the rim., ingredients: [6 ounces light rum, 4 ounces banana puree, 3 ounces blackberry brandy, 3 ounces grenadine, 15 ounces lemon lime power drink, 4 ounces Pinot Grigio, 1 banana, peeled, quartered and cut with a slit, for garnish], title: Rum Runner with Pinot Grigio Splash, picturelink: ZURlRzAburz9ez22pgk2MdxMxp25Ele}, 10338: {instructions: For the filling: Heat the milk, vanilla pod and scraped seeds in a medium saucepan over medium heat. When it boils, remove from the heat and let steep for 5 minutes. Whisk together the egg yolks and sugar in a medium bowl until light and fluffy. Whisk in the cornstarch until smooth.nRemove the vanilla pod from the milk mixture and discard. Carefully whisk 12 cup of the hot milk mixture into the egg yolks until incorporated, then whisk the egg yolk mixture back into the saucepan. Cook over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture is gently bubbling and thickened and coats the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter. Transfer the mixture to a glass or metal bowl and let cool slightly, about 10 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap, pressing the plastic directly against the surface to prevent a skin from forming. Chill at least 2 hours or until ready to serve.nFor the pastry: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper. Combine 1 cup water, the butter, sugar and salt in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. When the mixture boils, immediately add all the flour at once and stir with a wooden spoon until it is fully incorporated and smooth, 1 minute. Continue to cook, stirring constantly, until the dough pulls away from the sides of the pan, about 30 seconds more. Scrape the mixture into a large bowl. Using an electric mixer on medium speed add the eggs 1 egg at a time, mixing well after each addition, until they are completely incorporated and the mixture is thick and smooth.nTransfer the mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a medium round tip. Pipe 2inch lengths of dough onto the prepared baking sheet leaving about 12 inch between each. To make smooth eclairs, dip your finger in water and smooth out any bumps or points in the dough.nBake for 20 minutes, then reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and bake until the eclair shells are puffed up and golden brown, about 30 minutes more. Place the eclairs on a wire rack and let cool completely on the baking sheet.nTransfer the chilled pastry cream to a pastry bag fitted with small plain tip. Use the tip to gently poke a hole into one end of each eclair shell. Pipe the custard into the eclairs until they are just filled do not overfill. Alternatively, you may split each eclair open with a knife so that it opens like a book and spoon in the filling.nFor the glaze: Place 1 cup of confectioners sugar in each of 3 medium bowls. Whisk the orange juice concentrate and water in to one, the cranberryraspberry juice into one and the Concord grape juice and water in to one, mixing until smooth. Dip the top of each filled eclair into a glaze, letting the excess drip off before turning over and placing on a platter. Let the eclairs rest until the glaze dries and is shiny, 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 cups milk, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, seeds scraped out and reserved, 5 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, diced, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, cubed, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 4 large eggs, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons thawed frozen orange juice concentrate mixed with 1 teaspoon water, 1 12 tablespoons cranberryraspberry juice, 2 tablespoons Concord grape juice concentrate mixed with 1 teaspoon water], title: Spring Pastel Eclairs, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 10339: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHalve the muffins and spread a heaping tablespoon of peanut butter on each half. Layer the apple slices on the peanut butter. Mix the sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg together in a small bowl and sprinkle about 2 teaspoons on top of each muffin half.nPut the muffin halves on a baking sheet and bake for 10 minutes. Set the oven to low broil and cook until bubbly and caramelized, about 3 minutes., ingredients: [6 whole wheat English muffins, 1 cup peanut butter, 2 medium Granny Smith apples, cored and thinly sliced, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg], title: Apple Peanut Butter Delights, picturelink: a4DSLmWIIYdObmbG0cVX5w0LRMY57JW}, 10340: {instructions: Melt butter in a deep 12inch heavy skillet over moderately low heat. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until it begins to soften, about 5 minutes. Stir in vodka, bring to a simmer, and simmer for 4 minutes. Add tomato puree and cream and simmer, stirring occasionally, until onion is soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in ham, Tabasco, salt, and pepper. Keep sauce warm over very low heat. Cook pasta in 6 to 8quart pot of boiling salted water 1 tablespoon salt per every 4 quarts water until al dente. Reserve 12 cup cooking water and drain pasta. Add pasta to sauce and toss with sauce and cheese, adding some of reserved cooking water if pasta seems dry., ingredients: [12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 23 cup vodka, 34 cup canned tomato puree, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 pound cooked ham, finely chopped, 2 drops hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, or to taste, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon finely ground black pepper, 1 pound penne, 34 cup finely grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Penne alla Vodka, picturelink: null}, 10341: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPrepare Tyson chicken according to package directions. Remove from oven and keep oven on.nWhile chicken is cooking place crumbled blue cheese, mayonnaise, salt and pepper in a food processor. Pulse for 1015 seconds or until thoroughly combined. Remove from processor and set aside.nIn a large bowl combine wing sauce and cayenne pepper. Toss cooked chicken with wing sauce to coat. Place chicken back onto baking sheet. Top each fillet with one slice of cheese. Heat 45 minutes or until cheese melts.nWhile cheese is melting, spread blue cheese aioli onto the cut side of each bun. Place lettuce and tomato on bun bottoms. Add the chicken breast and top with the other half of bun., ingredients: [Blue cheese aioli, see recipe, 4 TYSONu00ae Chicken Breast Fillets, Storebought Wing Sauce, Good quality buns, Lettuce sturdy lettuce like romaine, Tomato, 1 cup of blue cheese, crumbled, 1 12 cup of mayonnaise, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Game Night Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 10342: {instructions: Press the cottage cheese through a coarse sieve into a bowl. In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, cream the cottage cheese until as smooth as possible it will remain a bit grainy from the curds. Add the cream cheese and mix. Add the sour cream and sugar and mix well. Fold in the whipped cream. Lightly dampen a 12inch square of cheesecloth. Use it to line a 3cup heartshaped mold with draining holes or use a large colander. Spoon the cheese mixture into the mold, tapping the filled mold on the counter to pack down the cheese mixture. Place the mold on a plate to catch any liquid and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight.nInvert the mold on a serving plate. Lift the mold and peel off the cheesecloth. Serve in small wedges, pouring a couple of teaspoons of cream and sprinkling granulated sugar over each serving at the table. Pass the berries., ingredients: [8 ounces cottage cheese, 8 ounces cream cheese, 12 cup sour cream or creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, chilled and whipped until stiff, Heavy cream, for garnish, Granulated sugar, Strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, or blueberries], title: Couer a la Creme, picturelink: null}, 10343: {instructions: Special equipment: a muffin tin with 12 12cup muffin cupsnPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPrepare mushrooms: Cook mushrooms and shallot in butter with salt and pepper in a large heavy skillet over moderately high heat, stirring, until mushrooms are tender and liquid they give off is evaporated, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in creme fraiche and tarragon.nAssemble: Fit 1 slice of ham into each of 12 lightly oiled muffin cups ends will stick up and hang over edges of cups. Divide mushrooms among cups and crack 1 egg into each. Bake in middle of oven until whites are cooked but yolks are still runny, about 15 minutes. Season eggs with salt and pepper and remove with ham from muffin cups carefully, using 2 spoons or small spatulas., ingredients: [34 crimini pound mushrooms, finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped shallot, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche or sour cream, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 12 slices Black Forest or Virginia ham without holes 10 ounces, 12 large eggs, Garnish: fresh tarragon leaves, Accompaniment: buttered brioche or challah toast], title: Baked Eggs and Mushrooms in Ham Crisps, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 10344: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients for the centers, except for the powdered sugar, in a small saucepan over low heat. Stir often as the caramel slowly melts. When the mixture is smooth, add 34 cup of powdered sugar and stir. Save the remaining 12 cup of powdered sugar for later. Use a candy thermometer to bring the mixture to exactly 230 degrees, stirring often, then turn off the heat. When the temperature of the candy begins to drop, add the remaining 12 cup of powdered sugar to the pan, then use a hand mixer on high speed to combine. Keep mixing until the candy cools and thickens and can no longer be mixed. That should take 1 to 2 minutes. Let the candy cool in the pan for 10 to 15 minutes, or until it can be touched. Dont let it sit too long you want the candy to still be warm and pliable when you shape it. Take a teaspoonsize portion and roll it between your palms or on a countertop until it forms a roll with the width of your index finger, and measuring about 4 12inches long. Repeat with the remaining center candy mixture and place the rolls on waxed paper. You should have 8 rolls. Let the center rolls sit out for 1 to 2 hours to firm up.nCombine the 20 caramels with the 1 12 teaspoons of water in a small saucepan over low heat. Stir often until the caramels melt completely, then turn off the heat. If you work fast this caramel will stay warm while you make the candy bars. Pour the peanuts onto a baking sheet or other flat surface. Using a basting brush and working quickly, paint: a coating of caramel onto one side of a center roll. Quickly turn the center over, caramel side down, onto the peanuts and press gently so that the peanuts stick to the surface of the candy. Paint more caramel onto the other side of the roll and press it down onto the peanuts. The candy should have a solid layer of peanuts covering all sides. If needed, brush additional caramel onto the roll, then turn it onto the peanuts to coat the roll completely. Place the candy bar onto waxed paper, and repeat with the remaining ingredients. Place the bars into your refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours so that they firm up. Pour the milk chocolate chips into a glass or ceramic bowl and zap it in the microwave for 2 minutes on 50 percent power. Gently stir the chips, then heat for an additional 30 seconds at 50 percent power. Repeat if necessary, stirring gently after each 30 seconds. Dont overcook the chips or the chocolate will burn and seize up on you. Drop a candy bar center into the melted milk chocolate. Cover the candy bar with chocolate using 2 forks, 1 in each hand. When the candy is covered with chocolate, balance the bar on both of the forks, one at each end of the candy bar, and tap the forks on the top edge of the bowl so that much of the chocolate drops off. Carefully place the candy bar onto waxed paper and remove the 2 forks. Repeat with the remaining ingredients, and then chill the candy bars until firm., ingredients: [14 cup whole milk, 5 unwrapped caramels, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon butter, 14 teaspoon vanilla, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups powdered sugar, 20 unwrapped caramels, 1 12 teaspoons water, 2 cups dry roasted peanuts, 1 12ounce bag milk chocolate chips], title: Candy Bar Clone, picturelink: null}, 10345: {instructions: Fill a rocks glass with ice, add KAHLu00daAu00ae and garnish with orange zest., ingredients: [Ice, KAHLu00daAu00ae, Orange Zest], title: KAHLu00daAu00ae on the Rocks, picturelink: null}, 10346: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the oil and add the onions. Cook the onions until they are soft and slightly tender. Add the Red Chile Sauce and the remaining ingredients. Cover the skillet and stew all of the ingredients together for approximately 1 hour. Season the chili with salt. A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.nCombine all of the ingredients in a blender and process until smooth., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 1 large onion, diced, Red Chile Sauce, recipe follows, 6 rattlesnake fillets, or 8 ounces meat, Double sweet corn, kernels only, to taste, Poblano peppers, diced, to taste, Serrano peppers, diced, to taste, Jalapeno peppers, diced, to taste, Salt, Ancho peppers, diced, to taste, 1 white onion, diced, Several tomatoes, chopped, Cumin, whole seeds, to taste, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 cup chicken stock], title: Rattlesnake Chili, picturelink: null}, 10347: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBoil manicotti in salted water for 8 minutes. Drain, reserving 12 cup of pasta water and set pasta aside.nIn a large skillet, heat oil over medium heat. Saute onion until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add garlic and saute 1 minute more. Remove pan from heat and mix in chicken, tomatoes, cilantro and sour cream. Set aside.nPlace tomatillos, onion, jalapeno and garlic in a baking dish. Toss with oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast until tomatillos turn golden around the edges and are soft, about 45 minutes. Remove from oven and blend ingredients together until smooth. Use reserved pasta water to thin sauce, if necessary. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo make the cheese sauce: In a medium saucepan, melt butter over mediumhigh heat. Add flour and cook 2 minutes. Whisk in heavy cream and bring to a simmer. Add cheese and nutmeg and stir until melted. Season sauce with salt, to taste.nTo assemble: Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Stuff manicotti tubes with chicken mixture and assemble in a 9 by 12inch baking dish. Pour cheese sauce over the top. Bake 30 minutes until cheese is bubbling. Drizzle tomatillo sauce on Maniladas before serving., ingredients: [1 8ounce package manicotti shells, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 Vidalia onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 rotisserie chicken, shredded, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 12 cup sour cream, 1 pound tomatillos, quartered, 1 small red onion, quartered, 1 jalapeno, halved, 2 garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups heavy cream, room temperature, 2 cups grated fontina cheese, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, Salt], title: Maniladas with White Cheese and Roasted Tomatillo Sauces, picturelink: mR.CLnx36ELzzPArID0qtXbeoUmHkW}, 10348: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a pot of water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the sweet potatoes and cook until fork tender, about 10 minutes, then drain and set aside.nHeat the oil in large nonstick skillet set over high heat. Add the pork and cook, stirring occasionally, until it is no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, add the fennel seeds, crushed red pepper and black pepper and stir for 1 minute. Add the garlic and onions to the pan, stirring constantly, and cook until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the sweet potatoes and add the salt if using. Cook the hash until the sweet potatoes and pork are slightly golden.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Cook the eggs sunnyside up, 3 to 4 minutes. Put a lid on the pan and remove from the heat to warm the yolk without cooking it all the way through it should still be soft and runny, 1 minute.nDivide the hash evenly among four plates and place an egg on top of each serving. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 large sweet potato, cut into 12inch dice, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 1 pound lean ground pork, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Pinch ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small onion, minced, 12 teaspoon coarse sea salt, optional, 4 eggs], title: Sweet and Spicy Pork Hash, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 10349: {instructions: Spread 1 tablespoon Basil Pesto on 1 side of each slice of bread. Top 4 slices of bread with Marinated Chicken Breast. Top the chicken with the roasted peppers. Place the remaining bread slices, pestoside down, on top of the peppers.nCombine the basil, garlic and pine nuts in a food processor and pulse until coarsely chopped. Add the 12 cup of the oil and process until fully incorporated and smooth. Season with salt and pepper. If freezing, transfer to an airtight container and drizzle remaining oil over the top. Freeze for up to 3 months. Thaw and stir in cheese.nPut the vinegar, herbs, mustard, powder if using and oil in a large resealable plastic bag. Close the bag and shake to combine all the ingredients. Open the bag and drop in the chicken breasts. Close and shake the bag to coat evenly. Freeze for up to 2 weeks.nThaw in the refrigerator overnight, under cold, running water, or in the microwave at 30 percent power for 1 minute at a time.nHeat a grill or grill pan. When the grill is hot, place the chicken on the grill and cook for about 4 minutes per side, or until cooked through. You can also bake the thawed chicken in a 375 degree F oven for 15 minutes, or until cooked through., ingredients: [Basil Pesto, recipe follows, 8 slices toasted bread, Marinated Chicken Breast, recipe follows, 4 jarred roasted peppers, sliced into strips, 2 cups packed fresh basil leaves, 2 cloves garlic, 14 cup pine nuts, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup freshly grated Pecorino cheese, 1 to 2 tablespoons vinegar, like cider, balsamic or red wine, 2 to 3 teaspoons dried herbs, like thyme, oregano, rosemary or crumbled bay leaf, 1 to 2 tablespoons mustard, whole grain or Dijon, 1 to 2 teaspoon garlic or onion powder, optional, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast, each about 6 ounces], title: Chicken, Roasted Pepper, and Pesto Sandwich, picturelink: fT3Ajqm2eOzZAtdV.sEN96ViiYRDvt.}, 10350: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine pancake mix, milk, egg, and oil until just blended. Set aside. Spray griddle with nonstick spray. Heat griddle over mediumlow heat. Spoon several 1 tablespoon dollops of batter onto griddle. Cook for 2 minutes, or until bubbles appear around the edges, and then flip each blini over and cook for 1 more minute. Set aside.nCut salmon or lox into 32 equalsize pieces. Place blini on a platter. Spread each blini with 1 tablespoon olive spread. Top with a piece of smoked salmon and then with 1 teaspoon sour cream. Sprinkle with dill and chopped black olives., ingredients: [1 cup buckwheat pancake and waffle mix, 1 cup whole milk, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Nonstick vegetable cooking spray, 6 ounces sliced smoked salmon or lox, 34 cup kalamata olive spread, 34 cup light sour cream, Fresh dill, chopped, for garnish, Chopped ripe black olives, for garnish], title: Smoked Salmon and Olive Blini, picturelink: XPriCbcpDH3Fe0QugWLBVcTX.J6uKi}, 10351: {instructions: Bring 3 quarts water to a boil in a large pot. Add the potatoes and cook 2 minutes drain. Put the potatoes, duck fat, chiles, bay leaves, cloves and 12 teaspoon kosher salt in a large skillet and cook over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes are forktender, about 45 minutes.nPreheat the broiler. Remove the potatoes from the skillet using a slotted spoon and transfer to a baking sheet. Broil until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Sprinkle with sea salt., ingredients: [2 pounds fingerling potatoes, 8 ounces duck fat, 4 dried Thai bird chiles, 2 bay leaves, 4 whole cloves, Kosher salt, Flaky sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Duck Fat Fingerling Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 10352: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPour beans into casserole dish and place in oven.nIn a small nonstick skillet, cook bacon over medium high heat 2 to 3 minutes. Add onions and cook 3 minutes longer. Slide the beans out of the oven. Scatter the onions and bacon around the beans. Sprinkle the brown sugar and black pepper over the onions.nBake beans with toppings 10 minutes longer. Garnish the beans with parsley and serve., ingredients: [6 cups prepared barbecued baked beans, any brand  the large can, 3 slices bacon, chopped, 12inch pieces, 1 medium red onion, finely chopped, 14 cup brown sugar, a couple of handfuls, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, optional], title: Baked Beans with Bacon and Red Onions, picturelink: H.I2D6QEpgA0.dp3uSOJyS5Q557s5Pm}, 10353: {instructions: In a punch bowl combine all ingredients being careful not to mash raspberries. Add a block of ice and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 bottles cold brut champagne, Juice of 12 lime sliced lime for garnish, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, Dash of Angostura bitters, 1 pint raspberries], title: Champagne Punch with Lime and Raspberries, picturelink: null}, 10354: {instructions: Wash rice and spread out to dry. Heat clarified butter in a large casserole dish on medium heat. Add rice and stir. Spread sliced onion and garlic over rice. Dont stir simply press down. Also without stirring, add green pepper. Press down. Add salt, white pepper, and celery. Press down. Rice should begin to turn pale brown on bottom, but not burn. Add tomato pulp and juice. Stir together. Stir in tomato paste, herbs, ham, hot pepper sauce, and water. Simmer for 10 minutes.nAdd shrimp and cook for 10 more minutes, stirring often until rice is plump and has absorbed most of the liquid. Toss out herbs and serve piping hot., ingredients: [8 ounces cooked ham, in 12inch cubes, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 1 cup cold water, 2 pounds jumbo shrimp, peeled, 7 ounces long grain rice, 14 cup clarified butter, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, crushed and finely chopped, 1 green bell pepper, finely chopped, Salt, to taste, White pepper, to taste, 3 ounces celery, finely chopped, 2 pounds tomatoes, skin removed and chopped, juice reserved, 5 ounces tomato paste, Sachet of 3 parsley stalks, 12 teaspoon thyme, 1 bay leaf], title: Jambalaya, picturelink: null}, 10355: {instructions: Special equipment: Eight 5ounce paper cupsnWhisk together the granulated sugar, 13 cup of the milk, egg yolks, cornstarch and salt in a large bowl.nHeat the remaining 2 23 cups milk in a large saucepan over medium heat until hot but not boiling. Whisk half into the egg mixture until smooth, then gradually whisk the egg mixture into the milk in the saucepan. Bring to a boil, whisking constantly, and cook, continuing to whisk, until the mixture thickens, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat, and whisk in the peanut butter until melted. Transfer to a medium bowl, and let the pudding cool to room temperature, stirring frequently to prevent a skin from forming, about 45 minutes.nCut the bananas into small chunks. Put an even tablespoon of pudding in the bottom of a 5ounce paper cup top with 2 cookies and then 1 tablespoon of bananas. Repeat with another layer of pudding, cookies and bananas. Top with a final layer of pudding. Repeat with the remaining ingredients to make 8 pudding cups. Cover the cups with plastic wrap, and refrigerate long enough for the cookies to soften, at least 6 hours and preferably overnight.nWhen ready to serve, whip the heavy cream and confectioners sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until mediumtostiff peaks form. Top each cup with a dollop of whipped cream, and sprinkle with the chopped peanuts., ingredients: [12 cup granulated sugar, 3 cups whole milk, 3 large egg yolks, beaten, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup smooth natural peanut butter, 2 large ripe bananas, 32 round vanilla wafer cookies, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons honeyroasted peanuts, roughly chopped], title: Peanut ButterBanana Pudding Cups, picturelink: UuUHzJb4O4KaszivLFq2eq9OYVzmjQ6}, 10356: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRinse rice and soak for 2 to 3 hours. Drain and set aside.nMix together the chicken, egg, onion, water chestnuts, jalapenos, cilantro, and salt in a bowl. Shape into 24 1inch balls.nCover a baking sheet with waxed paper. Spread the rice onto a flat surface and roll the balls of chicken to coat with rice. Place the rice balls on the waxed paper, cover with a second piece of waxed paper, and refrigerate or freeze for at least 1 hour. Once chilled, you can transfer the rice balls to an airtight container, separating them with layers of waxed paper, and refrigerate or freeze for future use.nWhen its almost time to serve, boil water in a pot or the bottom half of a steamer. Line the steaming basket or top half of the steamer with the lettuce leaves, place the rice balls on top of the lettuce, cover, and steam over a rolling boil for about 30 minutes.nTo make the dipping sauce, stir together the soy sauce, lime juice, and simple syrup. Serve in a small bowl alongside the rice balls., ingredients: [1 cup uncooked shortgrain white rice, 1 pound ground chicken, 1 egg, well beaten, 34 cup finely chopped onion, 1 can 8 ounces water chestnuts, finely chopped, 5 pickled jalapenos, minced, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon salt, Lettuce or cabbage leaves to prevent rice balls from sticking, 6 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons simple syrup equal amounts of sugar and water heated until sugar melts, then cooled], title: SteamedChicken Rice Balls with Dipping Sauce, picturelink: gHKgUCTTISidHlTdu2rURN03bQDHAK}, 10357: {instructions: Thinly slice 3 scallions. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet add the scallion whites, 2 ounces diced smoked ham, 1 diced celery stalk, 12 diced green bell pepper, and salt cook, stirring, 6 minutes. Add 2 minced garlic cloves and a pinch of cayenne cook 1 minute. Add 10 ounces thawed frozen blackeyed peas and 1 cup chicken broth simmer 8 minutes. Stir in the scallion greens.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: Hoppin John, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 10358: {instructions: In a pint glass or a Boston shaker, muddle the tomato and basil. Add ice, the gin, lemon juice and orange liqueur. Shake and strain into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with a basil leaf., ingredients: [14 piece heirloom tomato, Small sprig fresh basil plus more leaves, for garnish, Ice, 2 ounces premium gin, 12 lemon, juiced, 12ounce orange flavored liqueur recommended: Cointreau], title: Heirloom Martini, picturelink: 8vzP6LvPCGPXkh5RMQAhFJpwKdCOBA.}, 10359: {instructions: Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly spray cookie sheet with cooking spray.nIn medium bowl, mix chicken and 12 cup of the enchilada sauce.nUnroll dough place on cookie sheet. Starting at center, press out dough into 14x10inch rectangle cut into 4 7x5inch rectangles. Spoon about 13 cup chicken mixture onto half of each rectangle, spreading to within 12 inch of edge. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons cheese over each.nFold dough in half over filling press edges firmly with fork to seal. Prick tops with fork.nBake 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown.nMeanwhile, heat remaining enchilada sauce until hot. Serve with foldovers for dipping.nAnother spicy cheese you can use is Monterey Jack cheese with jalapeno peppers or, as its also known, pepper Jack cheese., ingredients: [1 12cups shredded cooked chicken, 1 can 10 ounce Old El Pasou00ae red enchilada sauce, 1 can Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated classic pizza crust, 12 cup shredded tacoseasoned cheese blend or Cheddar cheese 2 ounce], title: Chicken Enchilada Foldovers, picturelink: null}, 10360: {instructions: You may substitute any of your favorite grains. Cook them according to the directions on the package. You will want to end up with approximately 7 cups total of cooked product.nMix together and set aside.nBlend all of the ingredients in a food processor. Add salt and pepper to taste.nMix the grains, dressing and chopped vegetables. Garnish with some extra chopped scallions., ingredients: [Quinoa, Wheatberries, Wild rice, White rice, Bulgur, Barley, Couscous, 12 red pepper, chopped, 12 orange pepper, chopped, 12 yellow pepper, chopped, 1 small red onion, chopped, 12 bunch scallions, chopped, 12 cup mango chutney, 14 cup prepared plum sauce available in the Asian section of most supermarkets, 12 cup orange juice, 14 cup sesame oil, 1 teaspoon roughly chopped, fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon fresh garlic, chopped], title: Seven Grain Salad Primavera, picturelink: null}, 10361: {instructions: Remove any hard fibrous stems from the mushrooms and clean carefully by brushing the mushrooms with a damp cloth or mushroom brush to remove excess dirt. Place the mushrooms in a food processor and pulse quickly to chop into 14inch bits.nHeat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking. Add the mushrooms to the pan and saute until the mushrooms begin to sweat, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the chopped shallots and ginger and saute until translucent. Sprinkle in the five spice powder and chopped scallions, season with salt and pepper and stir in the sesame oil. Set aside to cool.nLay out the egg roll wrappers and cut into 4 equal squares. Brush a square of wrapper with some water, place a dollop of the mushroom mixture in the center and roll the sides of the wrapper inwards to enclose the filling. Rolling away from yourself, roll up the wrapper into a cigar shape and enclose the filling completely. Seal the ends with some of the water. Continue to finish filling the wrappers and refrigerate them several hours to firm them before cooking.nHeat the oil in a deep skillet to 345 degrees. Fry the spring rolls, in batches, until crisp. In a bowl, combine the ingredients of the dipping sauce and serve with the spring rolls.nPlace all of the ingredients into the bowl of a food processor and pulse rapidly to a very coarse texture. Do not make too soft or pasty. Fill the springroll wrappers with the shrimp filling and follow all directions for cooking., ingredients: [1 pound assorted mushrooms, such as shiitake or oyster or hanshimiji, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 large shallots, peeled and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely grated ginger, 2 teaspoons five spice powder, 12 cup finely chopped scallions, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons Asian toasted sesame oil, 1 pound package egg roll wrappers, 12 cup water, 12 cup peanut oil for frying, 14 cup warm honey, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 pound raw shrimp, peeled, deveined, and roughly chopped, 12 cup bok choy, chopped, 12 teaspoon dried chili pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Wild Mushroom Spring Rolls, picturelink: null}, 10362: {instructions: Special equipment: a deep fryernPreheat a deep fryer filled with canola oil to 375 degrees F. Set up a steamer that can fit the chicken.nStir together the lemongrass paste, Thai bird chilies and turmeric in a small bowl. Set aside. Put the coconut milk in a medium bowl.nSeason the chicken with salt, pepper and fish sauce. Rub the lemongrass spice paste evenly over each piece. Submerge the chicken in the coconut milk for 5 minutes. Transfer to the steamer and sprinkle with the lime juice. Steam until cooked through and no trace of pink remains, about 22 minutes. Transfer the chicken to the deep fryer and cook until crispy, 2 to 3 minutes.nDivide the waffles among plates. Top with the Honey Sesame Butter and allow it to start melting. Top with some of the chicken and drizzle with 2 to 3 tablespoons of the Surprising Sauce, depending on desired spice level.nPreheat a waffle iron. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F to keep the waffles warm.nWhisk together the flour, sugar, salt, baking powder and baking soda in a medium mixing bowl. In a separate bowl, mix together the eggs, buttermilk, butter and oil. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry, being careful not to overmix. Fold in the ginger and sesame seeds.nSpray the preheated waffle iron with nonstick spray. Pour the appropriate amount of batter onto each waffle compartment and cook until the waffle is cooked through and crispy, 3 to 5 minutes, depending on the waffle iron. Transfer to the oven to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining batter.nRemove the stems from the dried chiles, break the chiles in half and remove the seeds. Place the chiles in a small pot with the garlic and ginger and cover with 1 12 cups water. Bring to a simmer and cook until the chiles have softened, about 10 minutes.nTransfer the mixture to a food processor and process with the fish sauce and sugar until a coarse paste forms. Add the vinegar and process again. When the sauce is thick and textured do not puree, add the Thai basil and pulse.nPlace the butter in a food processor and process until fluffy. Add the honey and sesame oil and mix until evenly dispersed., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 13 cup lemongrass paste, 2 teaspoons minced Thai bird chiles, 2 teaspoons turmeric, 1 cup coconut milk, One 3pound chicken, backbone removed, cut into 4 breast pieces and 2 legs, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 14 cup Asian fish sauce, 1 lime, juiced, Waffles, recipe follows, Honey Sesame Butter, recipe follows, Surprising Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 34 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoons baking soda, 6 eggs, 2 cups buttermilk, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 14 cup chopped fresh ginger, 14 cup black and white sesame seeds, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup packed dried red chiles, 14 cup coarsely chopped garlic, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh ginger, 14 cup Asian fish sauce, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 cup fresh Thai basil, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoons sesame oil], title: Indonesian Fried Chicken, picturelink: .MO2WLCa0IVgndTfOIMBglROSs7Oh96}, 10363: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSift together the flour and baking soda and set aside. In a mixer fitted with a whip attachment, cream the butter until light and fluffy. Then add both sugars and continue mixing to cream them together. Add the eggs gradually and let them thoroughly mix in. Add the melted unsweetened chocolate and mix in well. Add the vanilla and 13 of the yogurt and mix, then add half the dry ingredients, and mix in well. Repeat alternating wet and dry, ending with wet.nPour batter into a muffin tins, lined with cupcake papers, filling them 34 full. Bake until firm to the touch on the cap of the cupcakes, about 20 minutes. Let cool in the pan, then decorate.nTo make the cupcakes into spiders, frost with your favorite chocolate frosting glue 2 flat chocolate buttons on the top of the cupcake as eyes. Pipe a large white dot on lower half of each button then stick on the chocolate chips, then pipe a tiny white dot on the tip of the chip. In red, pipe a smile and to make them tarantulas, pipe a red hourglass shape on its back. Cut black liquorice into 3inch long pieces and tuck 8 of them into the rim of the cupcake cap to make legs.nTo serve the cupcakes, with black frosting pipe a spider web onto a middle of a large white plate and place the spiders around the edge.nNotes about the recipe: I always buy the large tub of plain yogurt because its so much cheaper than buying all those small ones, and the next thing I know, its gone moldy for lack of attention. So this is a good place to use a large quantity of it up. You can use sour milk instead or sour your own by squeezing a good amount of lemon juice into whole milk and letting it stand 2 minutes to curdle and sour.nHeres proof that there is something even cuter than a cupcake. Princess Dianas butler, Paul Burrell, taught me how to turn cupcakes into spiders. He made these on the Princes birthdays, as part of a complete bug theme party with a big ladybug cake and cheese pastries coiled up like snails, with antennae made of chives. I make them for my princes birthdays my son Gio loves them., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup unsalted butter, slightly softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 4 eggs, 6 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted and warm, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup plain yogurt or sour milk, Chocolate frosting, of choice, Flat chocolate buttons, Chocolate chips, Tube white frosting, Tube black frosting, Tube red frosting, Black spaghetti liquorice], title: Spider Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 10364: {instructions: Place all the ingredients in a blender and process until completely smooth. Serve over ice., ingredients: [1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 5 to 6 lemons, 12 to 34 cup superfine sugar, to taste, 1 cup crushed ice, 4 cups water], title: Fresh Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 10365: {instructions: In a blender or food processor, combine soy sauce, ginger, honey, sesame oil, garlic clove, and black pepper. Process until smooth. Pour mixture into a plastic bag, add flank steak and shake to coat. Refrigerate 15 minutes and up to 24 hours.nTo make the mojo: In a blender or food processor, combine cilantro, mint, green onions, water, lime juice, olive oil, and garlic clove. Process until smooth.nCoat an outdoor grill or stovetop grill pan with cooking spray and preheat to mediumhigh. Remove steak from marinade discard marinade and grill 5 minutes per side for medium meat. Arrange carrots and parsnips alongside steak and grill for 10 minutes, until crisptender, turning frequently.nLet steak stand 10 minutes before slicing crosswise into 14inch thick slices.nServe steak with mojo drizzled over top and sliced carrots and parsnips on the side., ingredients: [14 cup reducedsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon jarred and preminced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 clove garlic, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 pound flank steak, 13 cup cilantro leaves, 13 cup mint leaves, 14 cup chopped green onions, 3 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, Cooking spray, 2 medium carrots, peeled, 2 parsnips, peeled], title: Grilled Flank Steak with MintCilantro Mojo and Grilled Carrots and Parsnips, picturelink: oqwLNzI9gUr92lcfBkH77OqZZa9lm.}, 10366: {instructions: Place the live lobster in a sink of blood heat water it is at this temperature that scientists say that all edible shellfish die with the least discomfort. Remove from water and crack open and take out flesh usually 5 ounces from a 1 12 pound lobster. Reserve the shell. Heat a serving platter in the warming oven  preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Put both pike and lobster flesh through a mincer with a very fine screen. Keep the flesh in a bowl set in another bowl of rice. Into a frying pan, place some clarified butter and add the onion and garlic clove  pop in the lobster shells and simmer gently. Add 1 ounce of brandy and set it alight. Pour in the 1 cup of dry white wine, cover and continue cooking over a low heat.nPut the blanched mushrooms through the mincer and then add to the chilled fish flesh. Carefully blend in the 1 cup of whipping cream and season generously with freshly ground salt and pepper. Beat the 2 egg whites in a bowl and fold into the fish. Pour this mixture into 2 separate moulds and set them in a bainmarie bath of hot water and cover the molds with foil. Place in the preheated oven for 30 minutes  remove the foil after this period and cook uncovered for another 30 minutes. Strain the stock from the lobster shells, approximately 34 cup should be left, pour into a heated pan  increase the temperature and add the sliced tomatoes  simmer. Remove the baked fish molds from the oven and unmold onto the heated serving platter. Sieve the tomato stock mixture  pushing through as much tomato flesh as possible. Add the 2 egg yolks to the sieved stock off the heat. Blend the arrowroot with the extra tablespoon of whipping cream and then add the mixture to the stock mixture for thickening. Return to the heat and allow the sauce to thicken  it shouldnt boil. Pour the sauce over the fish molds  dust with the chopped parsley and serve., ingredients: [5 ounces lobster flesh 1 12 pound live weight lobster, 9 ounces pike flesh weight only, Clarified butter, 1 medium onion 2 ounces finely sliced, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 ounce brandy, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup mushrooms, blanched, 1 cup whipping cream, plus 1 tablespoon, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 2 egg whites, 2 large tomatoes, sliced into thick rings and halved, 2 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon arrowroot, Chopped parsley for garnish], title: Terrine dHomard Mousseline a Mold of Sea and River Food Set with Cream and Eggs, picturelink: null}, 10367: {instructions: In a Collins glass filled with ice, combine vodka and cherry brandy. Top with lemonlime soda. Garnish with cherry., ingredients: [1 shot cherry brandy, 2 shots vanilla vodka, Lemonlime soda, Cherry, for garnish], title: Imagination, picturelink: Cf0r2fDR1Ub7WmLmt3F1Lba5YiFelbS}, 10368: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Place the chiles on a foillined broiler pan broil, turning, until the skins char, about 8 minutes. Place in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let cool, about 10 minutes.nPeel the chiles. Slice each open lengthwise, about 12 inch from the top to 1 inch from the bottom. Remove the seedpod, then rinse to flush out any remaining seeds. Blot dry, inside and out, with paper towels. Carefully stuff each chile with a stick of cheese.nPuree the tomatoes, onion and garlic in a blender until smooth. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat until almost smoking. Add the tomato puree, cloves, peppercorns, bay leaves, cinnamon stick and cilantro sprig and fry, stirring, until thick, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the broth, reduce the heat and simmer until thickened but still brothy, 25 to 30 minutes. Season with salt. Strain, discarding the solids, and keep warm.nPreheat the oven to 350. Line a baking sheet with paper towels. Heat 1 to 1 12 inches of vegetable oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 360. Beat the egg whites, 2 tablespoons water and 1 teaspoon salt with a mixer until stiff but not dry. Beat the yolks in a separate bowl until combined, then gently fold them into the whites.nOverlap the sides of the slit in the chiles to enclose the cheese, then dredge in flour, working with two chiles at a time. Coat any tears with flour. Using tongs, dip and roll the chiles in the egg mixture to coat. Fry in the hot oil until golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer with a large skimmer or 2 spatulas to the papertowellined baking sheet, letting the excess oil drip back into the pot. Repeat with the remaining chiles and egg mixture. Place in the oven on the lined baking sheet to cook off any excess oil, about 5 minutes.nLadle the tomato broth into 4 shallow bowls place 2 chiles in each. Garnish with cilantro.nPhotograph by Sang An, ingredients: [8 poblano chile peppers 4 12 to 5 inches long, 12 ounces muenster cheese, cut into 8 sticks about 3 12 by 1 inch, 1 12 pounds tomatoes, cored and chopped, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 whole cloves, 7 black peppercorns, 2 small bay leaves, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 sprig fresh cilantro, plus leaves for garnish, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Kosher salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, 6 large eggs, separated, Allpurpose flour, for dredging], title: Chiles Rellenos in Tomato Broth, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 10369: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 9by13inch baking dish. Make the biscuits: Whisk the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, nutmeg and salt in a medium bowl. Add the butter and work it in with your fingers until it is in peasize pieces. Stir in the heavy cream until the mixture just comes together into a shaggy dough. Turn out onto a floured baking sheet and pat until 14 inch thick freeze until firm, about 10 minutes.nMake the filling: Toss the peaches, granulated sugar, cornstarch, orange zest and juice, and vanilla in a bowl until the peaches are coated. Gently stir in the berries. Transfer to the prepared baking dish.nCut out circles from the cold dough using 2 12inch cookie cutters. Arrange the circles on the fruit mixture brush with heavy cream and sprinkle with coarse sugar. Bake until the biscuits are golden brown and the filling is bubbling, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Transfer to a rack and let cool., ingredients: [6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus more for the dish, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup heavy cream, plus more for brushing, Coarse sugar, for sprinkling, 3 pounds peaches about 9 medium, pitted and sliced 14 inch thick, 23 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, Grated zest and juice of 12 orange, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 6ounce container raspberries, 1 6ounce container blueberries], title: Peach and Berry Cobbler, picturelink: Ono.goGUBnrzglNGMHuVzda37Lwk.4W}, 10370: {instructions: Trim the ends and dark green tops from the leeks and discard. Cut the leeks in half lengthwise, then crosswise into 1inch pieces. Immerse them in a bowl of cold water, swish to remove any grit and lift them out into a colander. Clean the bowl, change the water and repeat until the water remains clear. You should have 6 cups leeks. Once they are all in the colander, toss them a bit with your fingers to separate the leaves.nHeat a large skillet over high heat until hot. Add 1 tablespoon of the oil and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan. Add half the leeks and a generous pinch each salt and pepper. Spread the leeks into a single layer and cook, without stirring, until slightly charred, about 1 minute. Stir in a small pinch pepper flakes and continue cooking, without stirring, 1 minute. Toss and stir until the leeks just start to wilt, about 1 more minute. Transfer to a bowl. Repeat with 1 tablespoon of the oil, the remaining leeks, a generous pinch each salt and pepper and another small pinch pepper flakes, adding the leeks to the bowl when done.nHeat the remaining tablespoon of oil in the skillet let it get really hot. Add the shrimp, garlic and another pinch pepper flakes or to taste. Season with salt and pepper, and cook, tossing, until the shrimp just starts to turn pink in spots, less than 1 minute. Add the leeks and toss to combine the shrimp should now be pink. Serve immediately over rice if using., ingredients: [2 pounds leeks, preferably smaller, thinner ones, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 to 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 8 ounces peeled and deveined medium shrimp 16 to 20 count, halved lengthwise, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Serving suggestion: steamed white rice], title: Quick, Spicy Leek and Shrimp StirFry, picturelink: pbaUq18FuN6QPGxowNB32gRqdyeGW}, 10371: {instructions: Drain the sauerkraut and reserve the brine. Taste the sauerkraut and if you find it much too strong, rinse it until you like the way it tastes  keeping in mind that the flavor will be diminished when it is cooked with the other ingredients. Drain well and set aside.nHeat the broth in the pressure cooker. Set the dried mushrooms in a bowl and pour the hot broth over, submerging them in the broth with the back of a spoon. Cover with a plate and set aside until the mushrooms are soft, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, rinse and dry out the cooker. Heat the butter and oil over mediumhigh heat. Brown the pork and kielbasa in 3 or 4 batches, about 4 minutes per batch, adding more oil if needed. Set aside.nWith a slotted spoon, remove the reconstituted mushrooms from the broth and squeeze them over the bowl to catch the liquid they release. Coarsely chop the mushrooms if the pieces are large. Carefully pour the broth into the cooker, taking care to leave behind any sediment on the bottom. Set the cooker over medium heat and stir well to scrape up any browned bits stuck to the bottom. Add the mushrooms and half of the sauerkraut. Set the browned pork and kielbasa on top. Cover with the remaining sauerkraut and sprinkle caraway seeds on top. Set the potatoes and parsnips on the kraut.nLock the lid in place. Over high heat, bring to high pressure. Reduce the heat just enough to maintain high pressure and cook for 10 minutes. Quickrelease the pressure. Remove the lid, tilting it away from you to allow excess steam to escape.nLadle out 12 cup of the broth and blend the sour cream into it. Then stir this mixture back into the pot as you stir well to distribute all of the ingredients. If youd like a stronger sauerkraut flavor, add some or all of the reserved brine. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle lightly with dill. Pass additional sour cream in a bowl at the table., ingredients: [3 pounds fresh refrigerated sauerkraut, 2 cups chicken or beef broth, 1 ounce 1 cup loosely packed dried mushrooms, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, or more if needed, 2 pounds pork shoulder butt or loin, cut into 1inch cubes, well trimmed, 1 pound kielbasa, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 2inch chunks, 34 pound parsnips, scrubbed and cut into 2inch chunks or use 2 additional potatoes, 12 cup sour cream, plus more to pass at the table, Salt and pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh dill for garnish], title: Pork and Kielbasa with Sauerkraut, Mushrooms and Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 10372: {instructions: Prepare grill.nPit and thinly slice olives. Cut zucchini diagonally into 14inchthick slices and in a bowl toss with oil and salt and pepper, to taste.nGrill zucchini, in batches if necessary, on a rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until lightly charred and just tender. Alternatively, zucchini may be grilled in a hot wellseasoned heavyridged grill pan over moderately high heat. Transfer zucchini to bowl and toss with olives, mint, and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [12 cup chopped Kalamata or other brinecured black olives, 1 12 pounds zucchini about 3 large, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Grilled Zucchini with Black Olives and Mint, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 10373: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook until the onions are translucent. Add the rice and stir to combine with the onions. Cook for 1 minute. Add the chicken stock, parsley and saffron. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring often, until all of the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender but still has a bite to it. Transfer the rice to a bowl and chill in the fridge until cooled.nFill a large, deep skillet halfway with vegetable oil and heat the oil to 350 degrees F over mediumhigh heat.nPlace the flour, eggs and breadcrumbs in three separate deep plates or small baking dishes. Add the cornmeal to the breadcrumbs, season with the parsley and seafood seasoning and stir to combine.nStir the crabmeat into the cooled rice. Form into patties and gently roll in the flour. Then dip in the eggs and then in the seasoned breadcrumbs.nFry the cakes until golden brown, turning once while cooking. Transfer to a paper towellined plate and season with salt. Serve warm.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 cups Arborio rice, 3 12 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more if needed, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 12 cups breadcrumbs, plus more if needed, 12 cup finely ground cornmeal, plus more if needed, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 pound lump crabmeat, Salt], title: Risotto Milanese Crab Cakes, picturelink: F8DvNnfC07jg7tdBsxfN9FaPlTx75f2}, 10374: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nWash and pat dry mushrooms. Take off stems and chop into small pieces. Place mushroom caps in baking dish. Place teaspoon of sausage meat in bottom of mushroom. Press meat down into mushroom.nIn a small bowl combine mushroom pieces, bread crumbs, Pecorino Romano, Parmigiano Reggiano, garlic powder, pepper, and parsley. Add olive oil until mixture is moist. If too dry add more oil.nFill each mushroom cap generously with stuffing mixture and place in baking pan. If any stuffing is leftover, divide evenly and top each mushroom. Drizzle olive oil over each one. Pour little water in bottom of pan. Cover with foil.nBake for 30 minutes. Remove foil, sprinkle shredded mozzarella on each mushroom and bake uncovered for another 10 minutes., ingredients: [6 large button mushrooms, 1 link hot Italian sausage meat taken out of casing, 34 cup seasoned Italian bread crumbs, 34 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 14 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon dried parsley, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil plus more for drizzling, 14 cup shredded mozzarella], title: Grandma Nancys Stuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 10375: {instructions: For the pickled shrimp: Stir together the red onions, jalapeno and dill pickle juice.nBring a large saucepot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add the shrimp and cook until pink and just cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes. Strain well and toss to coat in the pickle juice mixture.nFor the dill pickle dressing: Stir together the diced pickles, pickle juice and sour cream in a small mixing bowl. Season with salt and pepper. For the fried tomatoes: Fill a large castiron pan with 12 inch of canola oil and set over mediumhigh heat. The oil is hot enough when you dip in a wooden spoon and small bubbles form around it.nPlace the eggs and cornmeal into separate shallow dishes. Sprinkle the eggs, cornmeal and sliced tomatoes with salt and pepper. In batches, dip both sides of the tomatoes in the eggs, and then dredge in the cornmeal. Shake off any excess coating. Fry the dredged tomatoes in the hot oil until golden brown on both sides, 3 to 4 minutes total. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the fried tomatoes to a paper towellined baking sheet or large plate. Repeat until all of the tomatoes have been dredged and fried.nTo assemble, divide the fried tomatoes among 4 large plates. Use a slotted spoon to remove the shrimp from the pickle juice liquid and place on the side of the tomatoes. Drizzle both the tomatoes and the shrimp with the dill pickle dressing., ingredients: [12 large red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 jalapeno, seeded if desired, sliced into thin rounds, 1 cup dill pickle juice, Kosher salt, 1 pound 2125 shrimp, peeled, deveined and tails removed, 12 cup finely diced dill pickles, 3 tablespoons dill pickle juice, 13 cup sour cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, for frying, 3 large eggs, beaten, 1 cup cornmeal, 5 medium, firm vineripened tomatoes, sliced into 12inchthick rounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pickled Shrimp and Fried Tomatoes, picturelink: R71m9C3kO.KESO8EQOnx9PJXt4jN16}, 10376: {instructions: Put the kombu in a 4quart saucepan, cover with the water and soak for 30 minutes.nSet the saucepan over medium heat until the water reaches 150 to 160 degrees F and small bubbles appear around the sides of the pan, 9 to 10 minutes.nRemove the kombu from the pan. Increase the heat to high and bring to a boil, 5 to 6 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and add the bonito flakes. Simmer gently, stirring frequently, for 10 minutes.nStrain the liquid through a fine mesh strainer lined with muslin or several layers of cheesecloth. Reserve the bonito flakes for another use.nStore in an airtight container in the refrigerator. Use within 1 week or freeze for up to a month., ingredients: [2 4inch square pieces kombu, 2 12 quarts water, 12ounce bonito flakes or katsuobushi, about 2 cups], title: Dashi, picturelink: null}, 10377: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine the vinegar and the sugar and cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved. Stir in the mint and let the sauce cool. Season the sauce with salt and pepper and transfer it to a small bowl. Pat the chops dry, rub them with the cut sides of the garlic, and sprinkle both sides of the chops with the thyme and the white pepper. Grill the chops in a welloiled ridged grill pan over moderately high heat for 1 to 1 12 minutes, depending on the thickness of the chops, on each side for rare meat. Alternately, the chops may be broiled under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for about 2 minutes on each side for rare meat. Serve the chops with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [13 cup whitewine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup plus 1 teaspoon minced fresh mint leaves, 12 single New Zealand baby rib lamb chops, wholly frenched to the eye about 2 pounds, 1 garlic clove, halved crosswise, 12 teaspoon crumbled dried thyme, White pepper, to taste], title: New Zealand Baby Lamb Chops, picturelink: null}, 10378: {instructions: In a shallow bowl, combine flour, salt and pepper. Dredge roe in seasoned flour. In a saute pan over medium heat, heat oil until hot. Add roe to pan and cook top side side without vein until well browned. Reduce heat, turn roe over, and continue to cook on second side until well browned and almost firm. Cover pan slightly to avoid dangerous splattering. Remove roe and blot on paper. Return saute pan to heat. Add butter, let melt, and cook until brown. Add lemon juice, allow to sizzle, and add chopped parsley. Plate roe and drizzle lemon butter over top. Serve smoked bacon on top of roe., ingredients: [1 cup instant flour, Salt and pepper, 2 pair shad roe, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons butter, Juice of one lemon, 14 cup chopped parsley, 8 slices warm, cooked apple wood smoked bacon], title: Shad Roe Pan Fried with Bacon, picturelink: null}, 10379: {instructions: Chicken Dredge:nFor the brine: Combine the stock, brine, salt, seeds, bay leaf, oranges, garlic and thyme in a large pot and bring up to a high simmer for 15 minutes. Strain and cool the liquid to 40 degrees F and reserve until time to brine the chicken.nAdd the chicken to the brine, place in the fridge and brine for 12 hours.nFor the dredge: Combine the flour, cornmeal, cornstarch and Chicken Spice evenly in a large mixing bowl.nDredge the chicken in the seasoned flour mixture and allow a minimum of 30 minutes for the flour to adhere. Redredge just before frying.nHeat 3 inches canola oil in a deep pot or a deepfryer over high heat to 350 degrees F. A rule of thumb: If you drop a pinch of flour into the oil and it fries up immediately, youre good to go. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F and get ready a baking sheet with a rack.nTake the chicken out of the dredge, shake off excess flour and fry in batches until golden brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Transfer to the rack and sprinkle some of the chicken spice over the fried chicken pieces. Hold in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes.nServe the fried chicken on a platter with Hot Sauce, Buttermilk Biscuits and Bread and Butter Pickles on the side.nChicken Spice:nGrind the seafood seasoning, paprika, salt, celery seeds, chili powder, garlic powder, onion powder and pepper. Mix together.nHot Sauce:nJuice half of the red bell peppers. Pass through a fine mesh strainer and reserve.nIn a large pot, sweat out the remaining red bell peppers, the jalapenos, fish peppers, garlic and thyme. Add the vinegar, sugar, xanthan gum, white pepper, lime zest and juice. Simmer for 15 minutes. Puree with the juice from the bell peppers and pass through a fine mesh strainer. Season with salt.nCooks Note: If you cant find fish peppers, can use any red mild pepper scale of 4, so like a mild jalapeno.nButtermilk Biscuits:nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the cold butter into the flour and combine with the sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Combine the buttermilk, chives and yolks separately. Pour the wet ingredients over the dry, fold in gently and chill.nRoll out the dough to a 12inchthick sheet. Fold into thirds, turn a quarter of the way around and fold into thirds again. Rest for 10 minutes. Roll out to 12 inch thickness again and cut into 1 12inch squares.nBrush with egg wash and bake for 8 minutes. Yield: 40 biscuits.nBread and Butter Pickles:nToss the cucumbers, onions, garlic and jalapenos with the salt and macerate overnight in the fridge.nCombine the vinegars, sugar, coriander seeds, mustard seeds, allspice, celery seeds, red pepper flakes, turmeric, cloves and bay leaf in a large pot and bring to a boil. Simmer on low heat for 15 minutes. Strain over the cucumbers. Cover and allow to cool to room temperature., ingredients: [9 cups brown chicken stock, 1 cup pickle brine can be storebought pickles and use that brine, 2 12 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 12 teaspoon yellow mustard seeds, 1 bay leaf, 1 orange, quartered, 12 head garlic, split, 12 bunch fresh thyme, 2 whole chickens, cut into 10 even pieces, 1 quart allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornmeal, 12 cup cornstarch, 2 tablespoons chicken spice, recipe follows, Canola oil, for frying, Hot Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, Buttermilk Biscuits, for serving, recipe follows, Bread and Butter Pickles, for serving, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 4 teaspoons paprika, 4 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons ground celery seeds, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 pounds red bell peppers, seeded and chopped, 1 pound jalapeno peppers, seeded and chopped, 5 fish peppers, stemmed and seeded, 4 cloves garlic, 4 ounces fresh thyme, leaves picked and finely chopped, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 grams xanthan gum, 2 teaspoons ground white pepper, 4 limes, zested and juiced, Salt, 10 ounces cold butter, diced, 3 pounds allpurpose flour, 1 12 ounces sugar, 3 tablespoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 4 tablespoons salt, 34 fluid ounces buttermilk, cold, 1 cup fresh chopped chives, 6 egg yolks, Egg wash, for brushing, 2 12 pounds Kirby cucumbers, cut crosswise into 14inch rounds about 4 cups, 12 quart thinly sliced Spanish onions, 2 12 cloves garlic, 1 jalapeno, stems removed and split in half, 12 cup salt, 12 quart apple cider vinegar, 12 quart white distilled vinegar, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 12 tablespoons coriander seeds, 1 12 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds, 12 tablespoon allspice, 12 tablespoon celery seeds, 12 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 12 tablespoon turmeric, 2 whole cloves, 1 bay leaf], title: Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 10380: {instructions: Serving suggestion biscuits Zest the limes using the fine side of a grater and reserve the zest. Squeeze the juice from 1 lime and set aside. Thinly slice the remaining limes. In a mixer fitted with the balloon whisk attachment, whip the cream and sugar together until well combined. Slowly add the Cachaca, and whip again for another 1 to 2 minutes. Add the lime zest and juice, and continue beating again until soft peaks are formed. Pour cream mixture into a large glass bowl and place in the freezer for 30 minutes. Then remove from the freezer and place in the refrigerator for another 10 minutes. Dress with the lime slices and serve with biscuits., ingredients: [5 unwaxed limes, 2 12 cups double cream or heavy cream, 4 tablespoons caster sugar, 5 tablespoons Cachaca], title: Cachaca and Lime Syllabub, picturelink: null}, 10381: {instructions: Combine the flour, cumin, sazon, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Season the pork chops on both sides with some of the seasoned flour, then transfer to a 6quart slow cooker.nAdd the tomatoes, potatoes, onion, bell pepper, 14 cup cilantro, the garlic and bay leaves to the bowl with the remaining seasoned flour toss. Pour the vegetables over the pork chops. Cover and cook on high, 4 hours.nTransfer the pork chops to a platter. Skim off the fat from the cooking liquid and discard the bay leaves. Stir the vinegar and the remaining 2 tablespoons cilantro into the slow cooker season with salt and pepper. Serve the pork chops with the vegetables and cooking liquid.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 packets sazon seasoning about 2 teaspoons, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 centercut bonein pork chops, about 2 12 pounds, 1 14.5ounce can petite diced tomatoes, 1 pound potatoes, peeled and sliced into 1inch rounds, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon red or white wine vinegar], title: Latin Pork with Potatoes and Peppers, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 10382: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the apple cider, cranberries, ginger, red chile flakes, star anise, cloves, allspice, orange slices and 2 of the cinnamon sticks in a medium pot. Bring to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and allow the cider to sit for 5 minutes. Strain the cider to remove the spices.nIf desired, put 1 ounce dark rum in each of 4 large mugs. Divide the cider among the mugs and garnish with the remaining cinnamon sticks., ingredients: [6 cups apple cider, 1 cup fresh cranberries, 1 cup sliced ginger, 1 small pinch red chile flakes, 3 star anise, 2 cloves, 2 allspice berries, 1 orange, sliced, 6 cinnamon sticks, Dark rum, for serving, optional], title: GZs Mulled Cider, picturelink: omKUqlHK7Cddvt2ZiMxkPtIEfaMCAxO}, 10383: {instructions: Whisk together the melted butter, sugar and salt. Add flour and ground almonds and stir until it feels like damp sand. Press dough evenly along bottom and halfway up the sides of an 8inch round tart pan with a removable bottom. Use waxed paper or buttered fingers to even out and press dough tightly into the corners. Prick crust all over with a fork and chill while you preheat oven to 350 degrees about 30 minutes. Set pan on a baking sheet and bake until crust is golden brown, about 25 minutes.nWhile crust bakes, bring milk, agave and salt to a simmer in a medium saucepan over low heat. Remove from heat and pour over chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl. Let it sit for about 2 minutes without stirring. Starting in the middle of bowl, whisk chocolate together until evenly melted and the mixture a smooth and shiny dark brown.nFan pear slices around bottom of the tart shell in one even layer. Whisk beaten egg into the chocolate filling and pour filling over pears and crust. Decrease oven temperature to 300 degrees and return tart to oven bake until filling is set but still a little wiggly in the center third, about 15 minutes. Remove and cool tart completely on a rack at room temperature. Remove tart from pan sides and carefully transfer to a platter. Slice and serve slightly warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [34 cup 2 milk, 1 tablespoon agave nectar, Pinch of fine sea salt, 8 ounces highquality bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 firm, ripe green Anjou pear, cored and thinly sliced, em, Crust:, em, 4 ounces unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon unbleached sugar, 34 cup wholewheat pastry flour, 14 cup almond flour or ground almonds, Filling:], title: Bittersweet Chocolate and Pear Tart, picturelink: 7LhqfygJxoOWaIyETo5VWTZMTGWPlz2}, 10384: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium. Combine the mozzarella, parmesan, red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt, and all but 14 teaspoon garlic in a bowl drizzle with olive oil and toss. Season the sliced tomatoes with salt. Lay out 4 doublelayer sheets of nonstick foil. Drizzle each with olive oil, top with 1 noodle and sprinkle each noodle with 1 tablespoon water. Divide half each of the spinach, sliced tomatoes and mozzarella mixture among the noodles. Repeat to make another layer of noodles, water, spinach, tomatoes and mozzarella mixture. Finish each stack with a noodle, 1 tablespoon water and a drizzle of olive oil. Bring the foil together and crimp tightly closed to make 4 flat packets. Grill the packets, covered, until tender, about 10 minutes per side. Let rest 5 minutes. Meanwhile, mix the grated tomatoes, a pinch of salt, the reserved 14 teaspoon garlic and 1 tablespoon olive oil in a bowl. Open the packets and cut the lasagna in half, if desired. Top with the tomato mixture, ricotta and herbs.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 1pound ball fresh mozzarella, halved and thinly sliced, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, Pinch of red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 3 large tomatoes 2 thinly sliced, 1 grated, 12 noboil lasagna noodles, 8 cups baby spinach about 5 ounces, 13 cup lowfat ricotta cheese, 13 cup chopped fresh herbs basil, mint andor parsley], title: Grilled Lasagna, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 10385: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Food millnPlace the potatoes in a pot large enough to accommodate the celery root and the potatoes. Add enough water to cover the vegetables by 2 inches and season generously with salt. Bring to a boil and cook for about 10 minutes. Add the celery root and cook until both vegetables are fork tender. Strain the celery root and potatoes.nPour the cream in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Meanwhile, pass the celery root and potatoes through a food mill into a large bowl. Add onequarter of the hot cream and 2 pats of the butter. Stir vigorously until the cream and butter are thoroughly combined. Repeat for the remaining cream and butter. Taste for seasoning, you will probably have to add salt. Serve in a warm serving bowl immediately or keep warm until ready to use., ingredients: [3 large Idaho potatoes, cut into 1inch cubes, held in water until ready to use, Kosher salt, 1 large celery root, tough outer parts removed, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 to 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 stick cold butter, cut into pats], title: Celery Root and Potato Puree, picturelink: zL71oZx4ajBJMlxYt3TuCQplRIswJeq}, 10386: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Cut a piece of parchment paper to fit inside a 16inch round cake pan and place inside. Grease the bottom and sides of the pan with butter. Dust with flour and tap out any excess. Set aside. Sift the flour, baking soda and salt into a bowl. Set aside. Combine the cocoa and the warm water in a medium sized bowl, whisk until smooth. In another medium sized bowl whisk the buttermilk, water and vanilla, set aside. Add the softened butter to the bowl of a standard mixer. Add the white sugar and the light brown sugar, beat with the paddle until very light in color and texture, about 3 minutes. Scrape the sides of the bowl with a spatula. Break 4 eggs into a small bowl. On low speed, add 1 egg at a time to the bowl. Add the additional eggs only after each is well combined. Scrape the bowl with a spatula. Raise the speed to medium, beat 1minute until light and fluffy. Add the cocoa mixture, beat on low speed until just combined. Add the flour mixture and the buttermilk mixture alternately: 3 additions of flour, 2 of the buttermilk. I do this visually, a little more than 1 cup of flour, then about 1 cup of the buttermilk mixture, then repeating. Remember to scrape the sides of the bowl with a spatula after each addition. The batter will be smooth. Gently fold in the grated chocolate. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake in the center of the oven until done, about 45 minutes. Do not over bake, the cake will fall firm in the center. Cool. Turn the cake over onto your work surface. Peel off the parchment paper. Cut the cake in half horizontally with a serrated knife. Fill the cake with Chocolate Cream Filling. Top the cake with Thick and Rich Chocolate Glaze.nWarm the heavy cream in a heavy stainless pot. Add the chopped chocolate and butter. Stir over low heat until the chocolate is almost melted. Take off the heat, and stir until smooth. Cool, then refrigerate until cold. Whip until light and fluffy. Place the bottom layer of the devils food cake on a cardboard cake circle. Top with the cream filling. Place the other cake layer on top. Press down gently with your hands. Finish the cake with the Thick and Rich Chocolate Glaze.nWarm with heavy cream, in a heavy stainless pot until warm. Add the chopped chocolate and the butter. Stir over low heat until the chocolate is almost melted. Take off the heat and stir until smooth. Cool slightly. Whisk and pour over the filled cake when it has slightly thickened. Smooth with a spatula. For a perfect finish, refrigerate the cake with one coat of glaze on top. When cold and set, add another portion of glaze and smooth nicely with a spatula. Make sure that the second coat of glaze has not hardened. If so, reheat only for a few seconds to the desired consistency., ingredients: [4 cups cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 34 teaspoon sea salt, 1 cup cocoa, European style, 1 cup warm water, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup cool water, 3 teaspoons vanilla, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 cups white sugar, 1 12 cups light brown sugar, 4 whole eggs, room temperature, 12 cup bittersweet Scharffen Berger chocolate, finely grated, Chocolate Cream Filling, recipe follows, Thick and Rich Chocolate Glaze, recipe follows, 6 cups heavy cream, cold, 20 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped coarsely, 2 sticks unsalted butter, 4 cups heavy cream, 4 sticks unsalted butter, 35 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped], title: Devils Food Cake, picturelink: null}, 10387: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together oil, shallot, lemon juice, salt and pepper. ReservenCut avocado into thin slices, maintaining the shape of the avocado half. Using your fingers, gently fan out slices.nJust before serving, toss lettuce with dressing and top with avocado fans., ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, 1 shallot, minced, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Salt and pepper, 2 avocados, halved, pit and peel removed, 1 romaine lettuce, sliced into fine ribbons], title: Romaine Salad with Avocado Fans, picturelink: null}, 10388: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the potatoes in a large pot of water. Cover and bring the water to a boil. Continue boiling until the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Drain, reserving 34 cup of the cooking liquid. Return the potatoes to the pot. Coarsely mash the potatoes, adding enough reserved cooking liquid to moisten. Using a large fork, stir in the Parmesan and the oil. Season the potatoes, to taste, with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [3 pounds baby redskinned potatoes, unpeeled, halved, 23 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smashed Parmesan Potatoes, picturelink: 3KCIV1T0tB74eix1n.3VcRSgSObl26}, 10389: {instructions: Make the filling: Combine the grapes, allpurpose flour, sugar, vanilla and almond extracts, lemon juice and salt in a large bowl. Toss to coat the grapes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Make the topping: Whisk the allpurpose flour, almond flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Work the butter into the flour mixture with your fingers until it looks like coarse meal with peasize bits of butter. Lightly beat the egg and heavy cream in a small bowl add to the flour mixture and stir a few times until a sticky dough forms.nSpread the filling in an 8inch square baking dish. Drop heaping tablespoonfuls of the biscuit topping over the grapes, leaving a small space between each spoonful. Sprinkle the topping with sugar and the almonds.nBake until the biscuits are golden brown and puffy and the filling is bubbling, 40 to 50 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool at least 30 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [5 cups assorted red seedless grapes, halved if large, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon pure almond extract, Juice of 12 lemon, Pinch of kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup almond flour, 13 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 5 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 1 large egg, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons sliced almonds], title: GrapeAlmond Cobbler, picturelink: tfyfMjad0akuv9WHwcqZQVGiBORMWS.}, 10390: {instructions: In a large bowl, toss together the cabbage, carrot, onion, and parsley. In a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, sour cream, pineapple juice, sugar, and celery seed. Toss the vegetables with the dressing and season with salt and pepper to taste. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving. This slaw is best if served within a day., ingredients: [One 3pound head green cabbage, trimmed, shredded, and chopped, 1 medium carrot, grated, 13 cup minced red onion, soaked in cold water for 5 minutes and drained, 1 tablespoon minced flat leaf parsley leaves, 12 cup prepared mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons unsweetened pineapple juice, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon celery seed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamy Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 10391: {instructions: Curried Squash: Place sliced squash, onion, and garlic into a saucepan and sweat with grapeseed oil. Stir in curry powder, add lime leaves, coconut milk, and stock. Simmer for 5 to 8 minutes. Remove lime leaves and blend. Finish by seasoning with ginger juice, salt, and ground cumin. Chill.nChayote Slaw: Toss all ingredients together and season with salt.nAhi Poke: Toss together in a bowl. Chill.nCoconut Cream: Reduce cream. Add milk and reduce. Add toasted coconut. Chill.nAhi Tuna: Char the tuna loin in a wok, remove from a pan, and let rest. Place poke, charred tuna sliced and slaw in a bowl. Pour in squash puree and garnish with coconut cream and basil., ingredients: [3 medium summer squash, peeled, 12 sweet onion, sliced, 2 cloves garlic sliced, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 12 tablespoon curry powder, 2 kaffir lime leaves, 6 ounces coconut milk, 18 ounces chicken stock, 1 teaspoon ginger juice, Salt, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 cup julienned chayote squash, 1 cup julienned canary melon, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds toasted, 2 ounces orange reduction, 5 ounces diced ahi, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sliced scallion, Salt, 6 ounces heavy cream, 6 ounces coconut milk, 14 cup toasted coconut, 12 ounces ahi tuna loin, 12 Thai basil leaves], title: Ahi Tuna with Curried Summer Squash, Chayote Slaw, and Coconut Cream, picturelink: null}, 10392: {instructions: Whisk together mayonnaise, lemon juice, shallot, 1 teaspoon kosher salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl.nGrate carrots in a food processor fitted with a large grating attachment. Add carrots to the dressing along with the grapes and parsley tossing to coat evenly. Serve., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped shallot, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound carrots, 1 cup seedless red grapes, sliced, 12 cup flatleaf parsley leaves, roughly chopped], title: Carrot, Grape and Raisin Slaw, picturelink: null}, 10393: {instructions: Preheat the broiler to high. Brush the polenta with the olive oil on both sides and place the disks on a broiler pan covered with foil. Broil until the tops begin to turn golden, about 1 minute watch closely as broiler heat varies.nFlip the polenta disks over and spread about 1 tablespoon of the marinara sauce on each one, then top with cheese and other toppings if using. Broil until the cheese is golden and bubbly, about 1 more minute. Let cool a few minutes and serve., ingredients: [Eight 12inchthick slices of prepared polenta sold in tubes, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 12 cup lowfat jarred marinara sauce, 12 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, Other toppings if desired chopped veggies, chicken sausage, ham cubes], title: Polenta Pizza Bites, picturelink: oOcEFbI5PRywbWQDbN7SgmsADSLLhi}, 10394: {instructions: Special equipment: a handheld blender, an ice cream makernCombine the sugar, salt and basil with 1 cup water in a small saucepan and place over medium heat. Bring the mixture to a simmer, stirring occasionally to help dissolve the sugar. Simmer gently for 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the basil from the simple syrup and discard. Whisk the egg white in a medium bowl until frothy. Whisk the hot syrup into the beaten egg white. Whisk in the lemon juice and olive oil. Switch to a rubber spatula and stir occasionally for 5 minutes or until just warm to the touch. Refrigerate until completely chilled, stirring occasionally, about 2 hours.nTo freeze the sorbetto, use a handheld blender to emulsify the base mixture. When the base looks creamy and smooth, pour it directly into an ice cream maker and churn according to the manufacturers directions, about 15 minutes. When the mixture is the consistency of a thick milkshake do not overprocess or it will separate, transfer to an airtight container and freeze until ready to serve, at least 3 hours and up to overnight.nTo serve, scoop the sorbetto into a small coupe or bowl, sprinkle with berries and drizzle with balsamic., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 10 fresh basil leaves, 1 egg white, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups mixed berries, 2 tablespoons good aged balsamic vinegar or saba], title: Olive Oil Sorbetto with Berries and Balsamic, picturelink: 8j.vb0lzM16n68BTJoHKURlCkag0NyG}, 10395: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the vinegar, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, and mustard seeds in a large resealable plastic bag. Add the steaks and seal the bag. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours, turning the steaks occasionally.nPrepare the barbecue for mediumhigh heat or preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Drain the marinade from the steaks. Grill the steaks to desired doneness, about 6 minutes per side for mediumrare. Let the steaks rest for 10 minutes. Cut the steaks crosswise into thin slices.nMeanwhile, stir the cheese and sour cream in a small bowl to form a thick spread. Season the cheese mixture, to taste, with salt and pepper. Remove some of the bread from the center of the baguette halves. Spread the cheese mixture over the baguette halves. Arrange the arugula then the warm steak slices over the baguette bottom. Sprinkle the steak slices with salt and pepper. Cover with the baguette top. Cut the sandwich crosswise into 6 equal pieces and serve., ingredients: [14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard seeds, cracked, 3 12 to 14ounce ribeye steaks, 4 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled, 12 cup sour cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 baguette about 2 feet long, split lengthwise, 2 cups lightly packed arugula], title: Steak Sandwiches, picturelink: WdbOpICqA9et5bR3QSSL3PVUY3FGiu}, 10396: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nButter the bottom and sides of a 9by13inch glass or ceramic baking dish. Line the bottom with an 8by20inch piece of parchment paper, allowing the excess paper to hang over the sides.nFor the crust: Whisk the allpurpose flour, almond flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a medium bowl.nBeat the sugar and butter using an electric hand mixer until combined in a large bowl. Beat in the egg, cream and vanilla until smooth. Add the dry ingredients and beat until the mixture forms into clumps. Press the clumps together to form a dough. Knead the dough for 30 seconds and wrap in plastic. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nFor the filling: Place 14 cup water, the figs, orange juice, vanilla extract and orange zest in a food processor. Blend until the figs are finely ground, about 2 minutes. Add the almond butter and blend until incorporated. Add the almonds and pulse until combined.nRemove the plastic from the dough and cut in half. Roll out 1 piece of dough into an 8by12inch rectangle on a wellfloured work surface. Cut the dough in half lengthwise and then in half crosswise to make 4 equalsize pieces of dough. Transfer the dough pieces to the prepared baking dish using a spatula, and arrange in a single layer. Pinch the edges of the dough together to seal. Spoon the filling onto the dough. Spread the filling evenly over the dough using damp hands. Smooth the top of the filling using a rubber spatula. Roll out the remaining dough into an 8by12inch rectangle. Cut into 4 equal pieces and place on top of the filling, pinching the edges of the dough together to seal. Bake until golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Place the baking dish on a wire rack to cool completely, about 1 hour.nUsing the excess parchment paper as handles, remove and place on a cutting board. Cut the cookie into twentyfour 1 12inchsquare pieces and serve., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the baking dish, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup almond flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, at room temperature, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 cups dried Mission figs, stemmed 14 ounces, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, Zest of 1 medium orange, 1 cup unsalted chunky almond butter, at room temperature, 12 cup sliced almonds, toasted, see Cooks Note, Allpurpose flour, for dusting], title: Chewy Fig and Almond Cookies, picturelink: SJYwhz69kfndwIkxT43CtvKxRb.7ae}, 10397: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a microwave safe bowl. Cover with a lid or plastic wrap. Place in microwave and cook on high for 4 minutes. Stir ingredients and cook for an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [12 ounces frozen haricots verts, or petit green beans recommended: C and W, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 1 teaspoon lemon pepper recommended: Lawrys, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt and pepper], title: Lemony Haricots Verts, picturelink: UoQ9GLIkntcmLMaC9IRM7yI7VhC1msK}, 10398: {instructions: Whisk first 5 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Combine jicama, red bell pepper, pineapple and cilantro leaves in large bowl. Add dressing and toss to coat., ingredients: [12 cup vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 small jicama, peeled, julienned, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, julienned, 1 cup cubed fresh pineapple, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves], title: Jicama and Pineapple Salad with Cilantro Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 10399: {instructions: For the lemon cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line two 9inch round cake pans with parchment paper and spray with nonstick cooking spray.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and salt.nWith an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed, cream together the butter and sugar until pale and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating until each is incorporated and scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Beat in the lemon zest and vanilla.nAdd the flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with two additions of milk and lemon juice and beating until just combined after each. Divide the batter evenly between the prepared cake pans.nBake, rotating halfway through, until golden brown and a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool in the pans on a rack for 5 to 10 minutes, then remove the cake layers from the pans and wrap in plastic wrap to cool completely.nFor the blueberry compote: Meanwhile, bring 1 cup of the blueberries and the sugar, lemon juice and water to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the berries burst and the liquid thickens slightly, about 5 minutes. Stir in the remaining 12 cup blueberries and let cool.nFor the buttercream: Wipe the bowl of a stand mixer with a paper towel dampened with lemon juice, to remove any trace of grease.nAdd the egg whites and sugar to the bowl, and cook over a pot of simmering water, whisking constantly but gently, until hot and the sugar has dissolved. Transfer the bowl to the stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and begin to whip until the meringue is thick and glossy, and the bottom of the bowl feels roomtemperature to the touch, about 10 minutes. Switch to the paddle attachment and, with the mixer on low speed, add the butter cubes 1 at a time until incorporated then mix until silky smooth. Add the vanilla and salt, continuing to beat on low speed until well combined. Slowly add up to 12 cup blueberry compote, mixing until the desired texture is reached.nTo assemble: Top a cake layer with blueberry compote, then top with the remaining cake layer. Frost all over with the buttercream. Serve immediately, or refrigerate and bring the cake back to room temperature for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, Finely grated zest of 3 lemons about 3 tablespoons plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup milk, 6 ounces blueberries 1 12 cups, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons water, Juice of 1 lemon, 10 large egg whites, 2 12 cups sugar, 6 sticks 3 cups unsalted butter, cut into cubes, cool but not cold, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch salt], title: Lemon Cake with Blueberry Compote, picturelink: omk49fkH5HcEOU1WUunijX34dS7yn2q}, 10400: {instructions: Place cabbage and green onions in a large bowl. In a blender, combine vinegar, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, chili flakes, and sugar, blending until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the dressing over the cabbage and gently toss. Cover and refrigerate for 2 to 3 days before serving to let the cabbage wilt and the flavors meld., ingredients: [1 head Napa cabbage, finely shredded, 4 green onions, thinly sliced, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup red chili flakes, plus more to taste, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Kimchee Salad, picturelink: ALduG4uVPNRuXvotSx5bEajAr..4hZa}, 10401: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl whisk together the allpurpose and wholewheat flours, baking powder and salt. In a large bowl beat together the sugar, eggs, oil, orange zest and vanilla extract until well combined. In batches, add the dry ingredients until the mixture forms a dough. Stir in the cherries, almonds and chocolate.nTransfer the dough to a floured work surface and knead several times. Shape into a log about 10 inches long and 3 inches wide. Transfer to a parchmentlined baking sheet and bake for 25 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool for 15 minutes. With a serrated knife, cut 12inch diagonal slices. Arrange on the baking sheet, cutside down, and bake 10 minutes. Turn the biscotti over and bake until golden, 5 to 10 more minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups wholewheat pastry flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup dried tart cherries, finely chopped, 12 cup almonds, finely chopped, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped scant 12 cup], title: Biscotti with Dried Cherries, Chocolate and Almonds, picturelink: null}, 10402: {instructions: In a medium pan, combine 2 cups water with shrimp heads and tails. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook for 20 minutes. Strain out the shrimp shells and set the stock aside.nIn a large sauce pan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat then add the potato, onion, bell pepper, chorizo, and garlic. Saute until the onion is tender and translucent, about 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the cumin, paprika, bay leaves. Add the vegetable stock and shrimp stock, bring to a simmer and cook for 6 to 8 minutes to allow the flavors to infuse. Stir in the sriracha.nAdd the clams, scallops, and shrimp and cook for an additional 6 to 8 minutes.nTo serve, spoon the soup into bowls and garnish with chopped cilantro. Serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [1 pound medium Mexican shrimp, cooked, peeled, deveined, head and tail removed and reserved, 2 cups water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup chopped potato, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 medium green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 cup chorizo, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon paprika, 3 bay leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup vegetable stock, 2 tablespoons sriracha sauce, 1 pound clams, cleaned, degritted, 1 pound sea scallops, cleaned, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 6 lime wedges, for serving], title: Mexican Shrimp Soup, picturelink: VQBMhGELszf6BJOidRuX9MsG2uHxW4G}, 10403: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium about 350 degrees F on one side. Pour the beer into a turkey sitter a ceramic stand that holds liquid. Or open the beer can, pour out a few tablespoons and place in a beercan turkey stand.nCombine the mustard powder, garlic powder, dried onion, paprika, granulated garlic, cumin, and salt and pepper to taste in a small bowl.nRemove the neck, giblets and any excess fat from the turkey discard. Rinse the turkey under cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Rub the cavity with 2 to 3 teaspoons of the spice mixture. Brush the outside of the turkey with the canola oil and place drumstickend down on the sitter or stand. Rub the remaining spice mixture all over the turkey.nPlace the turkey on the sitter or stand on the cooler side of the grill. Cover and cook until the juices run clear and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 185 degrees F and 170 degrees F in the breast, 2 to 3 hours. Carefully remove the turkey from the grill, remove from the sitter or stand, and discard the beer. Transfer the turkey to a cutting board and let rest at least 20 minutes before carving.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [12 to 24 ounces beer in a can if using a beercan turkey stand, 2 teaspoons spicy mustard powder, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon dried chopped onion, 1 teaspoon smoked Spanish paprika, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon ground smoked cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 9to10pound turkey thawed if frozen, 14 cup canola oil], title: BeerCan Turkey, picturelink: 2hiC39X9Jjz.XiCZtEcMVvoYR2Lz0Pq}, 10404: {instructions: In a highsided saucepan, heat the oil over medium heat until it reaches 350 degrees F.nMix together the cayenne, paprika, garlic powder, basil, oregano, black pepper and sea salt in a small bowl.nWhisk together the flour and cornmeal in a medium bowl. Toss the onion rings in the flour mixture to coat. Deepfry the onion rings in 2 batches until crispy and lightly golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain on a paper towel for 1 minute, and then transfer to a large bowl. Add a large pinch of the spice mixture, and toss the onion rings to evenly distribute the seasoning.nSeason with more salt if desired, and serve immediately., ingredients: [Canola or peanut oil, for frying, 1 tablespoon ground cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornmeal, 3 large yellow onions, thinly sliced in rounds], title: Spicy Onion Rings, picturelink: null}, 10405: {instructions: In a large soup pot, heat garlic in the olive oil. Allow to brown slightly and add onion, carrot and celery. Cover sweat over mediumlow heat until softened, 7 or 8 minutes. Add the chopped sage to the soup pot along with the broth and the bay leaf. Bring to a simmer. When simmering, add the green beans, sweet potato and pasta to the soup. Bring it back up to a simmer lower heat and cook for about 10 minutes or until vegetables are tender and pasta is cooked. Stir in turkey. Turn the heat off. Cover, and allow to sit and steam for 5 to 7 minutes. Tip: 3 cups leftover cooked Thanksgiving side vegetables can be used in place of the fresh vegetables. Copyright 2010 Michael Chiarello Recipe provided by Chef Michael Chiarello  June 2010., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, crushed and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves, if desired, 2 cartons 32 oz each Progressou00ae chicken broth, 1 bay leaf, 2 cups green beans, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 sweet potato, diced, 12 cup uncooked small pasta, such as orzo or pastina, 3 cups diced cooked dark turkey meat], title: Next Day Turkey Soup, picturelink: EUdMa1m4wt9sOdRysJmOfuA31W0WWC}, 10406: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 34 cup of the cooking water, then drain the pasta. Meanwhile, melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and chili powder and stir until brick red, about 2 minutes. Add the beef and cook, stirring, until browned, 4 minutes. Stir in 12 teaspoon salt. Spread the mixture in a 3quart baking dish. Preheat the broiler. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a pot over medium heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the milk and reserved cooking water, bring to a simmer and cook, whisking, until thick, 2 minutes. Add 2 cups cheese, the cooked pasta and 34 teaspoon salt and stir until the cheese melts. Spread over the beef mixture. Mix the remaining 12 cup cheese and the breadcrumbs sprinkle over the pasta mixture and broil until golden. Top with the scallions.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces medium pasta shells, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 8 ounces ground beef, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup lowfat 1 percent milk, 2 12 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend about 8 ounces, 2 tablespoons breadcrumbs preferably panko, 2 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Beefy Mac and Cheese, picturelink: Xcn8yLboimGV6YBg7y180OvQHKYVAQK}, 10407: {instructions: Mix ground chuck and Cajun hot sauce together in a large bowl. Form mixture into 4 burgers of equal size. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour.nPreheat charcoal grill to mediumhigh heat. When coals are white hot, scatter soaked chips over. When chips have ashed over, grill burgers, turning once, to desired doneness.nMeanwhile, toast muffaletta buns on grill. Place finished burgers on buns, top with maple bacon and Gorgonzola Cheese Sauce. Spear burgers with skewers or long toothpicks and quarter each. Serve Barbecue Sauce on the side.nIn small saucepan over mediumlow heat, melt butter. Whisk in flour to make a roux. Cook until flour loses its raw smell, about 2 minutes.nWhisk in cream, stock and wine. Simmer over low heat until smooth and thickened, about 5 minutes. Whisk in cheese, bring just to a simmer, then serve immediately.nCombine all ingredients in a medium sauce pan, whisking until combined. Bring to a simmer and cook over low heat until slightly thickened, about 5 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [3 pounds ground chuck, 1 2ounce bottle Cajun hot sauce, or to taste, 2 cups hickory wood chips, soaked for 30 minutes, 4 muffaletta buns, or other very large rolls, spilt, 1 pound maple bacon, cooked until crisp, Gorgonzola Cheese Sauce, recipe follows, Barbeque Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup chicken stock, 14 cup white wine, 1 cup crumbled Gorgonzola, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon molasses, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes], title: Gorgonzola Burgers, picturelink: null}, 10408: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the strawberry cake: Whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl and set aside. Whisk together the milk, jam and food coloring in a small bowl and set aside. Beat together the sugar, oil, vanilla, vinegar and eggs in a mixer on mediumhigh speed until pale and smooth, 2 to 3 minutes. In three additions, alternately add the dry and wet ingredients to the sugar mixture, beginning and ending with the dry. Mix until combined.nFor the dark chocolate cake: Whisk together the flour, 12 cup cocoa, baking soda and salt and set aside. Cream together the sugar and butter. Add the eggs one at a time, creaming well after each addition. Mix in the vanilla extract. Add the flour mix and buttermilk alternately, beginning and ending with the flour.nMix the strawberry and the chocolate cake batters together. Add the remaining 13 cup cocoa and the chocolate pudding mix this is the red velvet.nFor the white cake: Whisk the flours, baking powder, baking soda and salt together into a large bowl. Set aside. In a bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and shortening on medium speed until creamy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the sugar and extracts and beat on medium speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Scrape down the bowl, add the egg and egg yolk and beat until just combined. Turn the mixer to low. Add the flour mixture, alternating with the ice water, in three separate additions, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Scrape down the bowl, then mix on low speed for a few more seconds.nTo make the whoopie pies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper.nTake 1 small ice cream scoop of the red velvet batter and place it on parchment paper. Then get a new 1 small ice cream scoop of the peppermint vanilla cake batter and layer it on top of the red velvet. Then using a knife, swirl the batters together by free hand. This creates one half of your whoopie pie.nBake until they are cooked through, about 12 minutes. When cool, pipe the Peppermint Cream Cheese Icing on one half and then top with another whoopie pie half.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nWith an electric mixer and paddle attachment, cream the butter until smooth. Next, add the cream cheese and beat until fluffy. Next, add the vanilla with the mixer on low speed and peppermint extracts. Then, add the confectioners sugar in small batches until fully incorporated. Mix until there are no lumps of sugar. Add crushed peppermints to the icing. Place the icing in a piping bag and then pipe onto one half of the whoopie pie and top with the second half., ingredients: [3 cups cake flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup milk, 12 cup seedless strawberry jam, 2 to 3 tablespoons red food coloring, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup canola oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon white distilled vinegar, 3 eggs, 2 12 cups cake flour, 12 cup plus 13 cup cocoa, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups sugar, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup buttermilk, 13 cup chocolate pudding mix, 2 12 cups cake flour, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 1 34 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon peppermint extract, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 1 egg yolk, 1 12 cups ice cold water, Peppermint Cream Cheese Icing, recipe follows, 2 cups 4 sticks unsalted butter, 1 12 pounds cream cheese, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon peppermint extract, 2 pounds 8 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup crushed peppermints the soft meringuelike textured mints], title: Peppermint Red Velvet Whoopie Pie, picturelink: sVcXPvXN.r5zB2svWh0tE6uwD6UQIIy}, 10409: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine sugar, corn syrup, rum, and butter. Bring to a boil, then let cool until lukewarm. Beat eggs 1 at a time into this mixture, then add remaining ingredients. Fill tart shell and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 50 minutes., ingredients: [Pastry pie dough for 1 9inch pie pan or 10inch tart shell, 1 cup granulated sugar, 23 cup light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 12 stick unsalted butter, softened, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups pecan halves], title: Pecan Tart, picturelink: byeCblp7MJAvOnYq.itUIlaZJGWsZJC}, 10410: {instructions: For the lamb:nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nRub the lamb with about half the olive oil and season generously with salt, and pepper. In an ovenproof casserole just large enough to hold the lamb, brown the meat on all sides on the stovetop. Deglaze with the white wine. Lay the garlic and herbs on and around the lamb. Drizzle with the remaining oil. Bake in the oven for 4 hours, turning once at half time. Remove from the oven and serve from the casserole with the juices spooned over. This is nice served with baked tomatoes and sauteed potato slices.nFor the tomatoes:nHeat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the tomatoes in half at the waist. Lay them cutside up in a baking dish, and season with salt, and pepper. Mix the bread crumbs, parsley, and garlic in a small bowl, and sprinkle evenly over the tops of the tomatoes, and then drizzle over a little olive oil. Bake the tomatoes until hot and slumping, about 20 minutes.nFor the plate:nOn a nice platter set the piece of lamb, line with the baked tomatoes, creating a glorious feast for the eyes in presentation., ingredients: [1 2pound lamb leg on the bone, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup white wine, 1 head garlic, broken into unpeeled cloves, 3 bay leaves, 4 short sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 large bunch fresh thyme sprigs, 4 medium tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 heaping tablespoon bread crumbs, 1 heaping tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 clove garlic, minced, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Slow Lamb with Baked Provencal Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 10411: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Soak the anchovies in a bowl of water, 5 minutes. Drain and pat dry, then finely chop and mash to form a paste set aside.nMake the croutons: Combine the butter with the garlic in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat cook, swirling the pan occasionally, 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and pour into a medium bowl. Add the bread cubes and parsley and toss season with salt and pepper. Arrange the bread on a baking sheet in a single layer and bake until golden brown and crisp, about 10 minutes let cool.nMeanwhile, make the dressing: Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Gently lower the egg into the water, then immediately remove the pan from the heat and let stand 5 minutes. Drain and rinse the egg under cold water crack into a large bowl. Whisk in the anchovy paste, the vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice and mustard powder until smooth. Whisk in the olive oil in a slow, steady stream until emulsified season with salt and pepper.nAdd the lettuce, croutons and about onethird of the Parmesan to the bowl with the dressing and gently toss. Divide among plates and top with the remaining Parmesan.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [3 to 5 anchovies packed in oil, drained, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 13 baguette, cut into 34inch cubes, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 heads romaine lettuce, chopped, 12 cup shredded Parmesan cheese about 2 ounces], title: Classic Caesar Salad, picturelink: 7asaEZITsxgz8zd11aNPuI.069uKvki}, 10412: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Top Recipes for Winter Entertaining, picturelink: null}, 10413: {instructions: To make the Mustard and Herb Mayonnaise:nIn a medium bowl combine the mayonnaise, sour cream, Dijon mustard, tarragon, and chives. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nTo make the Polenta Crusted Shrimp:nPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 475 degrees F. Cover a heavyduty baking sheet with aluminum foil. Combine the flour, sea salt and pepper in a small bowl. Pour the beaten eggs into another small bowl. Mix together the polenta, paprika and thyme in a medium bowl. Working in batches, dredge the shrimp in the flour. Shake off any excess flour. Dip the flourdredged shrimp into the eggs and then coat with the polenta mixture. Drizzle the shrimp, on both sides, with the olive oil. Place the shrimp on the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 10 to12 minutes until crisp and golden. Sprinkle with the kosher salt.nServe immediately with the Mustard and Herb Mayonnaise., ingredients: [1 12 cups mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 12 cups polenta, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled, deveined, tailon, 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt, for sprinkling], title: Polenta Crusted Shrimp with Mustard and Herb Mayonnaise, picturelink: xcv5VKrhI60FdaiRSX02V9wbY7nXTg.}, 10414: {instructions: Toast the bread crumbs along with the parsley in a dry saucepan until golden brown. Reserve.nBring salted water to a boil, and cook the spaghetti for about 6 minutes or just until al dente. Drain, but reserve a few ladles of pasta water.nIn another pan, while the pasta is cooking, heat the extravirgin olive oil and combine the garlic and chili peppers over medium heat. Cook for a few minutes, or until the garlic is golden brown. Do not burn the garlic otherwise it will become bitter.nAdd the spaghetti to the pan with the olive oil, and mix well. To prevent dryness, ladle some pasta water to the pasta. Cook for another minute, or until the desired state of al dente.nMix in the toasted bread crumbs and parsley before serving., ingredients: [12 cup bread crumbs, Small bunch fresh Italian parsley, finely chopped, 1 pound spaghetti, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, diced, 3 dried chili peppers, crushed optional], title: Spaghetti Aglio Olio, picturelink: null}, 10415: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, whisk together mayonnaise, yogurt, poppy seeds, and tarragon to make dressing set aside.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine chicken, grapes, celery, and walnuts. Pour 12 cup of dressing over mixture and stir to combine set aside.nPut spring lettuce mix in large mixing bowl with 14 cup dressing. Use tongs to toss.nArrange 1 12 cups of spring mix lettuce on each plate. Top with 1 cup of tarragon chicken. Serve with remaining dressing on the side., ingredients: [12 cup nonfat mayonnaise recommended: Best Foods, 14 cup nonfat plain yogurt recommended: Horizon, 1 teaspoon poppy seeds recommended: McCormick, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 2 7ounce cans cooked chunk chicken breast meat, rinsed and drained recommended: Tyson, 1 cup red seedless grapes, cut in 12, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 14 cup chopped walnuts andor pecans recommended: Planters, 6 cups spring mix lettuce recommended: Ready Pac], title: Chicken Tarragon Salad, picturelink: G5rIVQyyOxhB9DPxNGqWs8mO2qN0hy}, 10416: {instructions: Special equipment: CheeseclothnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine 2 sheet pans with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper and set aside. Alternatively, you can do this in 2 batches.nSift flour, baking soda, and salt together and set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream butter, yogurt cheese, and sugar substitutes until smooth. Reduce mixer speed to low and add the eggs, egg whites, and vanilla and blend until incorporated. With mixer still on low speed, add flour mixture and blend until incorporated. Fold in chocolate chips.nDrop batter, in 1 tablespoonsize balls, onto the prepared sheet pan, about 2 inches apart. Flatten cookies a little with the back of a fork. Bake for 10 minutes or until golden brown and crispy. Let cool on a metal rack.nLine a strainer with cheesecloth. Place the strainer over a bowl. Pour the yogurt into the cheesecloth. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or overnight. Discard the liquid in the bowl.nMix together the syrup and sugar substitute. Stir until sugar substitute is dissolved., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons light butter, 4 ounces yogurt cheese, recipe follows, 34 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 1 recipe Sugar Substitute Brown Sugar, recipe follows, 2 eggs, 2 egg whites, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup mini chocolate chips, 1 pint plain yogurt, 14 cup sugar free maple syrup, 1 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda], title: Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 10417: {instructions: In a nonstick 10inch saute pan, cook the turkey bacon over mediumhigh heat until crisp. Transfer bacon to paper towels to drain grease and set aside. When bacon has cooled, break each piece in half.nIn a large bowl, combine ground turkey, watercress, Worcestershire sauce, mushrooms, and pepper and stir until well mixed. Form meat mixture into 4 patties.nHeat a nonstick griddle or large nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat and spray twice lightly with canola oil cooking spray. Place each patty on griddle, in batches as necessary, and cook for about 3 to 5 minutes. Flip burgers, cook for another 3 to 5 minutes, and then top each patty with 1 slice of bacon which will be in 2 pieces, and 1 slice of cheese. Cook until cheese is has softened. Remove patties from griddle. Spread 12 tablespoon of light mayonnaise over each English muffin half. Place burgers on 1 half English muffin and top the burger with 1 slice of tomato, 1 slice of red onion, and 14 cup of shredded lettuce., ingredients: [4 strips turkey bacon, 1 12 pounds lean ground turkey breast with no skin, 14 cup minced fresh watercress, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup minced button mushrooms, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 4 sprays canola oil cooking spray, 4 34ounce slices reducedfat Cheddar, 2 English muffins, split in 12 and toasted lightly, 2 tablespoons light mayonnaise, 1 medium beefsteak tomato, cut into 4 slices, 1 medium red onion, cut into 4 slices, 1 cup shredded iceberg lettuce], title: Bacon Cheddar Cheese Burgers, picturelink: null}, 10418: {instructions: For the steak: Gently pound the steak to 14inch thickness. Sprinkle the breadcrumbs, pecorino, parsley and garlic onto the meat. Drizzle 2 tablespoons olive oil over the meat. Roll the meat with the grain and tie with butchers twine to secure the roll. Sprinkle the outside of the roll generously with salt and pepper. Heat a Dutch oven over high heat, add 14 cup olive oil and sear the beef on all sides until golden brown. Remove the meat from the pan and set aside.nTurn down the heat to medium and add 3 tablespoons olive oil, the onions, garlic, Italian seasoning and crushed red pepper. Sweat until translucent, about 10 minutes, stirring to avoid burning. Add the tomato paste and cook 3 more minutes. Then deglaze the pan with the wine, scraping all the fond from the bottom, and add the crushed tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer and add the meat back to the pan. Simmer over low heat until the meat is tender, about 2 hours. Taste and season again with salt and pepper, if necessary. Remove the meat from the pot, cut the twine and slice against the grain into 14 to 12inch slices. Reserve the tomato sauce.nTo assemble the sandwiches: Take a warm, buttered hero roll and place 3 slices of the braciole on the bread. Follow with a few shaving of the ParmigianoReggiano, some dollops of burrata, the peppadew peppers and top with the Fried Onions. Serve with a side of the tomato sauce for dipping.nIn a large pot, heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Slice the onions into thin half moons and soak in the buttermilk for 15 minutes. Drain on a rack. Season the flour with salt and pepper and then dredge the onions into the mixture. Fry until golden brown. Drain on paper towels., ingredients: [1 flank steak, 1 cup seasoned breadcrumbs, 1 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 34 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 12 yellow onion, diced, Olive oil, as needed, 14 cup cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon dry Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 cup dry red wine, 2 28ounce cans crushed tomatoes, preferably San Marzanos, 6 soft Italian hero rolls, buttered and grilled in a pan, 4 ounces ParmigianoReggiano, shaved, 2 pounds burrata, 8 ounces red peppadew peppers, sliced, French Fried Onions, recipe follows, 2 cups buttermilk, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 4 cups vegetable oil, 2 yellow onions, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pammies Braciole Sandwich, picturelink: VJXKKbaE214Sjdl9UHU1iLk7Gd2xJQ6}, 10419: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium high heat and stir in sliced red peppers, garlic and red pepper flakes. Stir and cook for 2 minutes. Add shrimp and cook for 1 minute. Stir in cabbage and cook for 1 minute. Ad stock, vinegar, sugar ad season with salt and pepper. Cover and steam for 5 minutes. Serve hot over white rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 cups thinly sliced green cabbage, 12 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, salt  pepper, 3 cups cooked white rice], title: Asian Cabbage StirFry, picturelink: null}, 10420: {instructions: Method:nGrind all dry ingredients in an electric spice mill then blend in small bowl with olive oil and set aside. Next, pierce tuna loin completely through with a small wooden skewer to create starter holes for the dowels. Then very carefully slide oiled dowels through the tuna. Carefully rub spice mix on tuna and refrigerate until ready to toast. When the mood is right and the fire is roasting, toast the tuna over an open fire until medium rare about 15 seconds per side., ingredients: [1 teaspoon coriander seed, 4 cloves, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried sage, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup olive oil, 2 6 ounce tuna loin blocks, 2 12 foot to 2 foot cedar dowels], title: Cedar Roasted Tuna Loin for Two Camp Fire Syle, picturelink: null}, 10421: {instructions: In a blender blend together all ingredients except oil until smooth. With motor running add oil in a stream with salt and pepper to taste and blend until emulsified. Vinaigrette may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring vinaigrette to room temperature and whisk before serving., ingredients: [1 large vineripened tomato about 12 pound, seeded and chopped, 1 12 tablespoons finely grated, peeled, fresh gingerroot, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 large garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Tomato Ginger Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 10422: {instructions: Roll thin slices of roasted red pepper around a basil leaf and a mini mozzarella ball bocconcini. Secure with toothpicks.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: WrapParty Apps, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 10423: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan and add the tomato sauce. Bring to a boil.nAdd the eggs, one at a time to different spots in the pan, allowing them to cook right in the sauce. Scatter the scamorza or mozzarella cheese on top.nSimmer on low to medium heat, with lid on, for approximately 5 minutes.nRemove the lid, and add the torn basil leaves at the very end. Season with salt and pepper, and serve immediately.nHeat the olive oil in a saucepan and add onion, garlic, and chili peppers. Gently fry ingredients together.nAdd pureed plum tomatoes to saucepan. Simmer on low to medium heat for 10 minutes.nSeason with salt, to taste. Add basil leaves at the very end., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 12 cups tomato sauce see Salsa di 5 minuti, recipe follows, 8 eggs, 4 ounces scamorza or mozzarella, sliced, 6 fresh basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Dried chili peppers, crushed, 1 28ounce can peeled plum tomatoes, pureed, Salt, 3 fresh basil leaves, torn], title: Eggs in Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 10424: {instructions: To make the dressing: Put 1 bottle of beer in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and let it simmer until the beer is reduced by half. In a mixing bowl, put the mayonnaise, sour cream and crumbled cheese. Add 13 cup of the reduced beer, lemon juice, salt, and pepper, to taste. Mix well with a fork, leaving it lumpy.nTo make the nuts: Toast the pecan halves in a mediumsize, dry, nonstick pan until barely toasted, giving them a stir occasionally. Dont let them burn. Add a jolt, about 14 cup of reduced beer, the sugar, salt and chili powder. Let it bubble up, and reduce to lose the liquid and glaze the nuts. When the pan is dry and all the liquid has been absorbed or evaporated, take the pan off the heat.nLay in one layer to cool. They will be slightly sticky, but will crisp up a bit as they cool.nFrom a head of Iceberg Lettuce, remove any wilted leaves on the outside, and remove the core, then slice the head into 4 equal wedges.nDrizzle the dressing over the Iceberg lettuce wedge. Put some large chunks of Stilton on top and finish the garnish with the Spicy Beer Nuts.nPut the eggs and mustard in a food processor. While running the machine, slowly drizzle in the oil until it gets very thick. Add some water, and then continue with the oil. Shift back and forth between the oil and water. When all is added, add the lemon zest, lemon juice, salt, and pepper, to taste. Set aside., ingredients: [1 bottle beer, 12 cup Homemade Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 12 cup sour cream, 1 cup crumbled Stilton cheese, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Pinch coarse or kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup pecans, 14 cup reduced beer, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, Pinch coarse salt, 18 teaspoon ground chili powder, 1 head iceberg lettuce, outer discolored leaves removed, Blue Cheese Dressing, Spicy Beer Nuts, 2 whole eggs, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 4 cups canola oil, 12 cup water, Zest of 1 lemon, Juice of 12 lemon, Dash kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Wedge Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing and Spicy Beer Nuts, picturelink: null}, 10425: {instructions: Warm the milk in a small saucepan until a thermometer registers 110 degrees F. Pour into a medium bowl sprinkle with the yeast and let soften, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle with the sugar and set aside until foamy, about 5 minutes.nCombine the flour and fine salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook. With the mixer on low speed, add the yeast mixture and butter and mix until the dough is slightly smooth and soft but still sticky, about 2 minutes. Coat a large bowl with cooking spray add the dough, cover with plastic wrap and let rise at room temperature until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nGenerously coat a baking sheet with cooking spray. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Stretch into a 16inchlong log, about 2 inches wide cut into 8 even pieces. Roll and stretch each piece into a 6inchlong rope, then wind into a coil tuck the end underneath. Transfer the rolls to the baking sheet and cover with plastic wrap. Let rest at room temperature 15 minutes, then refrigerate until slightly puffed, about 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Fill a large pot or deep skillet with 3 inches of water. Add the baking soda and 14 cup coarse salt and bring to a boil. Add half of the rolls and cook until slightly puffed, about 1 minute, flipping halfway through with a slotted spoon. Recoat the baking sheet with cooking spray and return the rolls to the baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining rolls. Brush the rolls lightly with the beaten egg, then sprinkle with coarse salt.nTransfer to the oven and bake until the rolls are deep golden brown, 18 to 20 minutes, rotating the baking sheet halfway through. Transfer to a rack and let cool 10 minutes on the pan, then remove the rolls to the rack to cool completely.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 cup milk, 1 14ounce package active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, Cooking spray, 12 cup baking soda, 14 cup coarse sea salt, plus more for sprinkling, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: Pretzel Rolls, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 10426: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the turmeric, salt, and ground coriander. Toss the shrimp with the turmeric mixture and enough olive oil to coat.nMix the garlic with half of the cilantro and a 12 tablespoon of olive oil. Slice a deep slit in the back of each shrimp from head to just above the tail. Be sure to not cut all the way through the shrimp. Stuff each shrimp with the garlic mixture and line up on the prepared baking sheet. Roast in the oven until cooked through, about 10 to 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, while the shrimp are cooking, toss the fennel with the lime juice and the remaining cilantro. Season the fennel salad with salt and a generous amount of pepper.nRemove the shrimp from the oven. Serve 2 shrimp per plate with a small mound of fennel salad in the middle., ingredients: [14 large Mexican shrimp, shelled, deveined, tails intact, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, Extravirgin olive oil, for coating, 10 large cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup minced fresh cilantro, 1 fennel bulb, shaved thinly, Juice of 2 limes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Friday Shrimp TurmericRubbed Shrimp Stuffed with Garlic and Cilantro, picturelink: KKXVsrash9Gu3cDVUnNIhlZvz01V3J2}, 10427: {instructions: Put all the sweetened condensed milk, chocolate chips, and peanut butter into a saucepan and put it on the heat to melt, stirring occasionally. In about 2 minutes you should have your sauce ready. When everything has melted add 3 to 4 tablespoons of boiling water to thin the sauce.nGet out 4 sundae glasses and put a scoop of toffee or caramel ice cream in each, followed by 1 of the chocolate and then another of vanilla.nPour over some chocolate peanut butter fudge sauce and sprinkle with salted peanuts.nStick a chocolate cigar cookie in each sundae glass, hand them round and wait for people to weep with gratitude., ingredients: [23 cup sweetened condensed milk, 23 cup semi sweet chocolate chips, 12 cup smooth peanut butter recommended: Skippy, 4 scoops toffee or caramel ice cream, 4 scoops chocolate ice cream, 4 scoops vanilla ice cream, 4 tablespoons or 14 cup salted peanuts, roughly chopped or left whole to taste, 4 chocolate cigar cookies], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Fudge Sundae, picturelink: XkqkvPW2OW3zDj256tLNc0z1kpxN1sO}, 10428: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 9inch baking dish with cooking spray.nIn a small pot, heat the milk with the thyme over mediumlow heat until hot.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter with the canola oil. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the flour and cook stirring constantly until the flour is lightly golden brown, about 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in the hot milk. Bring the mixture to a simmer and cook until very thick. Stir in the Cheddar, pumpkin pie spice and salt and pepper to taste.nCoat the bottom of the prepared baking dish with a thin layer of the sauce. Place one layer of carrots slightly overlapping in the bottom of the baking dish. Top with an overlapping layer of the parsnips. Pour a third of the sauce over top. Repeat with two more layers each of the carrots and parsnips, ending with the sauce.nIn a small bowl, stir together the breadcrumbs, Parmesan, parsley and salt and pepper to taste. Evenly sprinkle over the top of the gratin.nBake until the gratin is bubbling and the topping is browned, and when pierced through the vegetables yield easily, about 1 12 hours. If the top begins to brown too quickly, cover with foil. Let rest for 10 minute before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 12 cups milk, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup flour, 1 cup grated Cheddar, 14 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 large carrots, peeled, sliced on the bias 14inch thick, 5 parsnips, peeled, sliced on the bias 14inch thick, 1 cup breadcrumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Root Vegetable Au Gratin, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 10429: {instructions: In a 4cup measure, add the red wine, mango nectar, and brandy. Stir to combine.nBlend the lime juice, superfine sugar, tequila, Triple Sec, and ice together in a blender until smooth. You may need to add more ice to make is slushy. Moisten the rim of a glass and coat with salt, then pour in the frozen margarita. Pour Sangria into the center of the margarita glass and swirl. Repeat with remaining ingredients and glasses., ingredients: [2 cups Spanish red wine, 1 cup mango nectar, 2 shots about 3ounces blackberry brandy, 14 cup lime juice, fresh or storebought, 14 cup superfine sugar, 1 cup white tequila, 12 cup Triple Sec, About 3 cups ice, Salt, for garnish], title: Ginas Sangria Margaritas, picturelink: null}, 10430: {instructions: Heat a cast iron skillet or Dutch oven with extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, over mediumhigh heat until very hot. Season the chicken breasts with salt and pepper, add to the pan and brown on both sides and cook through. Remove the chicken to a plate.nAdd the salami to the pan and stir 1 minute, then add in the onions, celery, peppers, garlic and stir a couple of minutes more. Add the fennel seed and smoked paprika. Deglaze the pan with the red wine, then add the tomatoes, tomato sauce, parsley, and the reserved chicken. Bring the mixture to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Turn off the heat and cool completely to store for makeahead meal.nReheat in the same pan with a splash of water or stock to get things going. Top with an extra drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and serve with bread crusted up in a hot oven., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 4 bonein, skinon chicken breasts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 pound sliced calabrese salami, chopped, 1 onion, chopped or thinly sliced, 2 small ribs celery, chopped, 1 cubanelle pepper, chopped or thinly sliced, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped or thinly sliced, 1 12 teaspoons smoked paprika, half a palmful, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 13 palmful, 1 cup red wine, 1 28ounce can stewed tomatoes, 1 14ounce can tomato sauce, A handful fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 1 loaf crusty bread recommended: ciabatta, warmed for serving], title: Calabrese Chicken OnePot, picturelink: null}, 10431: {instructions: In a large bowl toss the eggplant slices with 14 cup kosher salt. Using your fingertips, evenly distribute the salt on both sides of each slice. Place the eggplant in a colander set over a large bowl or sheet pan to catch juices. Set aside for 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Line two 18 by 13inch baking sheets with heavyduty foil.nRinse the eggplant under cold water and dry thoroughly with paper towels.nArrange the eggplant slices in a single layer on one baking sheet. Brush olive oil on 1 side. Brush with balsamic vinegar and sprinkle with freshly ground pepper.nDrizzle the other pan with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Arrange the tomato slices in a single layer, season with salt and pepper, then sprinkle with the minced garlic.nRoast the tomatoe slices until they are very soft and just beginning to brown, 10 to 15 minutes, without turning. Bake the eggplant slices until they are tender and well browned, 20 to 30 minutes, without turning. Let the tomato and eggplant slices cool until you can handle them with your fingers.nMake a short stack starting with eggplant on the bottom, 1 slice mozzarella, and then tomato. Top with another piece of eggplant. Warm stacks in the oven until mozzarella lightly melts. Drizzle with olive oil and serve., ingredients: [3 large globe eggplants, each about 1 pound, cut crosswise into 12inch slices, 14 cup kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons goodquality balsamic vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper, 16 slices large tomato, each 14inch thick, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 12 pounds fresh mozzarella, cut into 14inch slices], title: Roasted Eggplant and Tomato Stacks, picturelink: xK47UjLOdy9n6nKE5VS0kdfdeVDkOi2}, 10432: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the pork: Rinse pork loin to remove residue and pat dry with paper towels. Season with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Heat grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat in an oven safe pan, preferably with a lid. Sear pork loin on all sides, leaving each side undisturbed for the first few minutes before turning, to allow the seasonings to integrate into the surface of the meat. Cover the pan and transfer to the oven. Roast, covered, until fork tender, about 1 12 hours, or until the pork reaches an internal temperature of 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove cover and increase oven temperature to 425 degrees F for about 10 minutes to allow outside of roast to brown. Remove from oven and allow to rest and carryover cook to 170 degrees F. Slice.nFor the marmalade: While the pork is in the oven, make the marmalade. Heat grapeseed oil over medium heat in a small skillet. Add onion and reduce heat to low. Allow to slowly caramelize, about 30 to 40 minutes. Stir in ketchup and salt and pepper, to taste, and allow to cook for another 10 minutes to reduce and thicken. Add additional oil before serving if the marmalade looks too pasty.nServe marmalade over sliced pork., ingredients: [1 2 12 to 3pound pork loin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 large red onion, sliced, 14 cup ketchup], title: Pork Loin with Ketchup and Onion Marmalade, picturelink: null}, 10433: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a heavy saucepan over high heat combine the sugar with 14 cup of water. Stir just to combine. Simmer until the mixture has reached a deep amber color. Pour immediately into a 9inch cake pan, swirling to completely coat bottom. Set aside to cool and harden.nIn a blender combine all the remaining ingredients except the lime zest and flaked coconut. Blend well. Add the lime zest and pulse a few times just to combine. Pour into the cake pan with the caramel. Bake in a water bath until set the center will still be slightly wobbly, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and let cool completely on the courter. Refrigerate for 2 hours.nPut the flaked coconut in a large dry skillet over mediumlow heat. Let toast until the flakes become light brown, making sure to stir often. Remove from heat and let cool before garnishing the flan.nRun a knife around the edge of the flan. Invert it onto a large plate with room for the sauce to pool. Cut into slices, garnish each slice with a bit of the toasted coconut and serve., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 2 13.5ounce cans coconut milk, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 3 large eggs, plus 2 egg yolks, 1 lime, zested, 14 cup unsweetened flaked coconut], title: Coconut Flan, picturelink: F4XNpn6UJ4WXrOtDbufVAJZ.UKkZmLi}, 10434: {instructions: Process Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, green chilies and garlic in food processor until smooth. Remove to medium bowl, then stir in jalapeno peppers and cilantro. Season, if desired, with salt and black pepper. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, shape ground beef into 4 burgers. Brush each burger on both sides with oil, then season, if desired, with salt and black pepper. Grill, turning once, 8 minutes or until desired doneness. Top burgers with cheese and cook until cheese is melted. Arrange burgers on buns, then top with a dollop of green chili mayonnaise. Serve remainder of mayonnaise in small bowl for dipping., ingredients: [12 cup Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, 14 cup chopped green chilies, undrained, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 Tbsp. pickled jalapeno peppers, finely chopped, 2 Tbsp. chopped fresh cilantro, 112 lbs. ground beef, 2 Tbsp. canola oil, 4 slices Monterey Jack cheese about 4 oz., 4 sesame seed hamburger buns], title: Green Chili Cheeseburgers, picturelink: null}, 10435: {instructions: Put the chopped rutabaga in a pot, cover with water and add a pinch of salt. Bring to a simmer and simmer until soft, about 30 minutes drain.nMeanwhile, put the chicken stock and butter in a medium pot and heat over medium heat until warmed through.nTransfer the rutabaga and warm stock mixture to a food processor and puree or use an immersion blender. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 pounds rutabaga about 1 large rutabaga, peeled and roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chicken stock, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter], title: Rutabaga Mash, picturelink: zJ5OD8LBf1oUAD7PN3sqtwL1U630WGq}, 10436: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nWorking 1 potato at a time, slice very thin on the mandoline. It is important to work with purpose here quickly because the potatoes will discolor. Do not put the potatoes in water because this will wash the starch off the potatoes. Coat an 8inch nonstick saute pan with olive oil. Starting from the center, make concentric circles of potatoes in the bottom of the pan. Remember that eventually the bottom will be the top so it is important for the first circles of potatoes to look pretty. Brush each layer with olive oil and every 2nd or 3rd layer sprinkle liberally with grated cheese and salt. After every layer of potatoes, press the potatoes so they are very compact. Repeat this process with the remaining 2 potatoes.nPlace the pan of potatoes over medium heat and cook until the olive oil begins to sizzle and the potatoes begin to brown on the bottom. Put the pan in the oven and bake for 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and place a tight fitting lid on the pan. Drain the excess oil out the side of the pan. THIS STEP IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT After the excess oil has been drained, completely flip the pan so the cake is turned out onto the bottom of the lid, then slide the cake off the lid back into the pan so the brown side of the cake is now up and the top becomes the bottom. We see now why draining the excess oil is important. If you attempt this without draining the oil it will drain out on your wrist and burn you.nReturn the cake to the oven and bake until the cake is fork tender, another 10 to 15 minutes. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [3 russet potatoes, scrubbed clean, Extravirgin olive oil, 34 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Kosher salt], title: Pommes Chef Anne, picturelink: s7v0LbOTCY.tK8Q7uoEcBUddSKLRl2}, 10437: {instructions: Add 6 mint leaves, squeezed lime juice, simple syrup and muddle.nAdd Captain Morgan Parrot Bay Mango Rum.nFill with crushed ice and stir.nAdd club soda and add more crushed ice.nGarnish with a mint leaf.nAdd bitters., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Captain Morgan Parrot Bay Mango Rum 25 oz. per bottle, 7 pieces mint leaves, 0.25 oz. simple syrup, 1 lime wedge, 0.25 oz. club soda, 1 dashes bitters], title: Parrot Bay Mango Mojito, picturelink: null}, 10438: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 mini 312 to 4inch bamboo spoons see www.montessoriservices.comstorenIn a small bowl combine salt, sugar, togarashi, and pulverized nori. Stir in tuna to coat, cover and refrigerate about 2 hours to lightly cure. Divide into 8 even portions and place on flat bamboo spoons. Drizzle with ginger soy syrup.nIn a pan lightly coated with oil, combine garlic, ginger, and scallions over medium heat, season with salt and pepper, and let sweat. Deglaze pan with soy sauce, honey and lime juice. Let reduce by 30 percent to 40 percent until the mixture becomes a syrup, about 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool and transfer to a bottle. Store in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon togarashi Japanese 7spice, 1 teaspoon nori from about 1 seaweed sheet used to wrap sushi, such as from a package of 10 yakinori, pulverized, 4 ounces ahi tuna sashimi or sushi grade finely diced into 116thinch cubes, 1 tablespoon Ming Tsais Ginger Soy Syrup, recipe follows, Grapeseed oil as needed to lightly coat pan, 3 tablespoons minced garlic about 6 to 9 garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons peeled minced fresh garlic root about a 1 12 to 2inch piece, 1 bunch scallions white and tender green parts only, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup naturally brewed soy sauce, 1 cup honey, 2 limes, juiced], title: NoriCured Ahi Tuna on Bamboo Spoon, picturelink: null}, 10439: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, Worcestershire, garlic, lemon juice, anchovy paste, salt and 2 tablespoons Parmesan. Add the lettuce to the dressing toss well to coat.nHeat a medium skillet over medium heat and spray with nonstick spray. Sprinkle 14 cup of the remaining Parmesan evenly over the bottom of the pan. Cook until the cheese is bubbly and beginning to brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat, let cool for 1 minute, and then invert the cheese onto a parchmentlined baking sheet with the help of an offset spatula. Set aside to cool completely. Repeat with the remaining Parmesan. When all of the frico is fully cooled, break into bitesize pieces.nScoop a small spoonful of the salad into each of the tortilla cups. Top with a piece of frico and serve., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon lemon juice 12 lemon, 12 teaspoon anchovy paste or 1 anchovy, minced, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons plus 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 5 cups finely shredded romaine lettuce 2 romaine hearts, Nonstick cooking spray, for skillet, 36 tortilla chip scoops], title: Caesar Salad Taco Bites, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 10440: {instructions: Combine the mustard, Sriracha, honey and lime juice in a bowl. Add salt to taste. Serve cold, with pretzels., ingredients: [1 cup yellow mustard, 14 cup Sriracha sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon lime juice, Kosher salt, Pretzels, for serving], title: Sriracha Mustard, picturelink: OBsPmGHAt7GPckC.AWnjNh9uwJ0ja5u}, 10441: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Arrange the tomatoes cutside up on one half of a rimmed baking sheet and season with salt and pepper. Broil the tomatoes until they begin to soften, about 2 minutes. Remove from the broiler. Arrange the English muffins on the other half of the baking sheet and brush with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the shallot and cook, stirring, until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the Canadian bacon and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Stir in the spinach until wilted season with salt and pepper. Transfer the mixture to a bowl keep warm. Wipe out the skillet.nHeat the remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Crack the eggs into the pan, season with salt and pepper, and fry until the whites are set but the yolks are still runny, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat. Top the tomatoes with the cheese. Return the tomatoes and English muffins to the broiler broil until the cheese is melted, 2 to 3 minutes. Divide the English muffins among plates, then top each with some of the spinach mixture and a fried egg. Serve with the broiled tomatoes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 English muffins, split, 2 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 shallot or 14 red onion, thinly sliced, 14 pound sliced Canadian bacon, cut into thin strips, 8 cups baby spinach about 8 ounces, 4 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 4 large eggs, 13 cup shredded extrasharp cheddar cheese], title: Spinach and Egg Sandwiches, picturelink: aiweAd15yORa.6vXbndu51E6CfypqE.}, 10442: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Combine almonds, sugar and almond extract. Add egg whites until all ingredients are thoroughly mixed. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Put the batter into a pastry bag and squeeze out small thick drops about the size of a halfdollar, 2 inches apart. Bake 25 to 30 minutes. Cool., ingredients: [12 pound finely ground almonds, 12 pound sugar, 12 teaspoon pure almond extract, 3 unbeaten egg whites], title: Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 10443: {instructions: In a medium size sauce pot, over medium heat, cook shallots, pepper, and corn, stirring until wilted. Add herbs, lima beans and vegetable stock. Raise heat and bring liquid to a boil. Simmer liquid to reduce by half, about 10 minutes. Add tomatoes, black beans and butternut squash, heat through. Finish with butter and add lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon shallots, 1 red pepper, diced small, 12 cup corn kernels, 12 teaspoon each, rosemary, thyme, sage, 14 cup lima beans, cooked, 12 cup vegetable stock, 2 large tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, 14 cup black beans, cooked, 12 cup butternut squash, cooked and diced, 1 tablespoon butter, Lemon juice, to taste, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Succotash, picturelink: null}, 10444: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F and place an oven rack in the middle.nPlace the eggplant on a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast for 20 to 25 minutes until golden brown. Set aside to cool.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine the cooled eggplant, beans, parsley, lemon juice, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper. Pulse until the mixture is coarsely chopped. With the machine running, gradually add 13 cup of olive oil until the mixture is creamy. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPlace the hummus in a dipping bowl and serve with the cucumber slices. Alternatively, spoon the hummus over the cucumber slices and arrange on a serving platter., ingredients: [1 1 12pound eggplant or 3 Japanese eggplants, trimmed and cut into 2inch pieces, Olive oil, for drizzling, plus 13 cup, Kosher salt, for seasoning, plus 12 teaspoon, Freshly ground black pepper, for seasoning, plus 14 teaspoon, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 13 cup loosely packed fresh flatleaf parsley, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice from about 1 lemon, 1 clove garlic, 1 hothouse cucumber, cut into 14inch thick slices], title: White Bean and Roasted Eggplant Hummus, picturelink: SEOf5u7vjnIq6Ty28bsAAOjCYkRtzv.}, 10445: {instructions: To prepare the cobbler, place the strawberries and rhubarb in a large, heavy saucepan. Add 1 tablespoon sugar. Stir over high heat until the sugar has started to dissolve, 1 to 2 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring often, until the fruit has exuded some of its liquid, about 5 minutes.nIn a large bowl, combine the fruit and all liquid with the remaining 4 tablespoons sugar, the flour, lemon zest, and salt. Cool slightly, pour into a lightly buttered 1quart baking dish, and dot with the slivers of butter.nTo make the topping, preheat the toaster oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Use a pastry blender or your fingertips to mix in the ginger and to cut in the butter until the mixture resembles the texture of small peas. Quickly stir in the buttermilk to form a soft dough. Turn out onto a wellfloured work surface, knead into a ball, and roll out to a thickness of about 12 inch. Use a 1 12inch cookie cutter to cut out 4 biscuits. Gather the trimmings and roll out again. Cut out 2 more biscuits.nArrange the biscuits snugly over the fruit. Brush lightly with additional buttermilk, sprinkle with sugar, and bake until the cobbler is bubbly and the biscuits are golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 pint strawberries, rinsed and quartered, 12 pound rhubarb 2 stalks, peeled and cut into 1inchthick slices, 5 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Pinch table salt, 1 12 teaspoons unsalted butter, cut into slivers, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon baking soda, 18 teaspoon table salt, 2 tablespoons very finely chopped crystallized ginger0., 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 14 cup buttermilk, plus more for brushing], title: StrawberryRhubarb Cobbler with Gingered Biscuit Topping, picturelink: null}, 10446: {instructions: Roast peppers by placing them on gas stove or open flame. Make sure to turn peppers to char evenly. When pepper skin is black, remove peppers and place them in a bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and let sit for 20 minutes. Remove peppers and peel off black skin. Remove seeds. Cut each pepper into 6 sections. Put peppers in a clean bowl and add olive oil. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [4 red peppers, 4 yellow peppers, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Peppers, picturelink: null}, 10447: {instructions: In a large deep saute pan of salted boiling water blanch the asparagus, 6 to 8 stalks at a time, until barely tender and brilliant green, about 1 to 2 minutes depending on thickness of asparagus. Remove asparagus from simmering water and plunge into an icewater bath. Repeat process for remaining asparagus. When asparagus is completely chilled, drain, pat dry and arrange on a serving platter. Cut each hardboiled egg in half and separate the whites from the yolks. Pass the egg whites through a coarse sieve into a small bowl. Pass the yolks through a coarse sieve into a second small bowl. In a separate bowl whisk together the lemon juice, mustard and zest. Add the olive oil in a stream whisking constantly until well combined. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Drizzle dressing over asparagus. Sprinkle the sieved egg whites and yolks over the asparagus in a decorative pattern i.e. stripes of white and yellow. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound asparagus, washed and trimmed, 3 hardboiled eggs, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijonstyle mustard, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spring Asparagus with MimosaStyle Dressing, picturelink: null}, 10448: {instructions: In a large pitcher, combine wine, brandy, triple sec, simple syrup, apples, pear and orange and mix well. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours, up to 24 hours., ingredients: [1 liter Gallo Burgundy Wine, 1 12 cups Brandy, 12 cup Triple Sec, 14 cup simple syrup you can add more or less depending on your taste, 2 apples, cored and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 pear, cored and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 orange, cut into 1 12 inch pieces], title: Game Day Sangria, picturelink: null}, 10449: {instructions: Heat skillet. Add olive oil, onion, garlic, coriander, cumin, and saute until you start to smell the spices. Add beans and 1 cup of water. Let simmer for 15 minutes then start pressing the beans with a potato masher. Add cilantro, salt and pepper and allow to simmer for another 20 minutes. Add water when needed until you reach desired consistency., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 12 cup diced onions, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 16ounce cans drained, rinsed black beans, 1 cup water, 14 cup chopped cilantro with stems, Salt and pepper], title: Refried Beans, picturelink: null}, 10450: {instructions: In a tall glass, mix together the chocolate syrup and the Kahlua. Add enough seltzer water to fill the glass 23 full and stir well. Add a scoop of coffee ice cream and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons chocolate syrup, 1 shot Kahlua, Seltzer water, Coffee ice cream], title: Coffee Floats, picturelink: null}, 10451: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Spray a large nonstick baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a small bowl, mix the cheese, chili powder and cumin. Place the sheets of phyllo on a work surface and cover them with a damp towel. Remove the first sheet and place it with short side toward you. Coat with nonstick cooking spray butterflavored is nice, then sprinkle with about 2 teaspoons of the cheese mixture fold the phyllo in 12 to form a 12 by 8 12inch rectangle. Spray the phyllo again and sprinkle with 2 more teaspoons of the cheese mixture fold in 12 again to form a 6 by 8 12inch rectangle. Spray the phyllo again and sprinkle with 2 more teaspoons of the cheese mixture fold in 12 again to form a 6 by 4 14inch rectangle. Spray again and sprinkle with just a bit of the cheese mixture with a serrated knife, cut into 8 short strips. Transfer the strips to the baking sheet, placing them about 12inch apart. Repeat the process 2 more times to make 24 cheese straws. Bake until the cheese straws are crisp and golden, about 8 to 10 minutes. Cool on wire racks., ingredients: [12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 12 by 17inch sheets phyllo dough, at room temperature], title: Parmesan Cheese Straws, picturelink: null}, 10452: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Place the pork loin on a rack over a roasting pan and fill the bottom with about 1inch of beer. Season the pork generously with salt and pepper.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the orange juice, honey, soy sauce, sherry, hoisin sauce, mashed black beans, fivespice powder, and garlic. Mix together well and coat the pork loin with this paste, rubbing it in well and using up all the mixture. Roast the pork for 15 minutes, then reduce the heat to 325 degrees and cook for 45 to 60 minutes more, basting every 15 to 20 minutes with the orange honey mixture. When the pork is thoroughly cooked it should register 165 degrees on a meat thermometer, and the juices run clear rather than pink, remove from the oven and rest for 5 minutes. Transfer to a warmed serving platter and surround with orange segments and watercress sprigs. Serve immediately, slicing the loin at the table., ingredients: [4 to 5 pound boneless pork loin, trimmed, 1 bottle beer, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup honey, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 tablespoons sherry, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 14 cup cooked back beans, mashed with a fork, 2 tablespoons FiveSpice powder, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 mandarin oranges or tangerines, peel and pith removed and cut into supremes, 12 small bunch watercress, coarse stems removed], title: Cuban Chinese Roast Loin of Pork, picturelink: null}, 10453: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the potatoes into a large pot, add the bay leaf, 2 tablespoons salt, and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. Drain them well and remove the bay leaf. Meanwhile, heat the cream and butter in a small saucepan. Put the potatoes through a ricer or food mill into a bowl. Add the hot cream and season with salt and pepper. Mix together with a spoon and add the chives., ingredients: [4 pounds golden creamer potatoes, peeled and cut into quarters, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: ojwszdPNdoDG5bBcI6Aw0NE.jFxQRC}, 10454: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the cream, milk, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, and cloves over medium heat, stirring occasionally, just until it comes to a boil. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse at least 15 minutes. In a large bowl, whisk the egg yolks with the granulated sugar. Whisking constantly, gradually pour in the hot cream mixture. Whisk in the pumpkin puree. Pour the mixture into 4 ovenproof ramekins and arrange in a hot water bath. Bake in the center of the oven until almost set but still a bit soft in the center, 30 to 40 minutes. The custard should shimmy a bit when you shake the pan it will firm up more as it cools. Remove from the water bath and let cool 15 minutes. Tightly cover each ramekin with plastic wrap, making sure the plastic does not touch the surface of the custard. Refrigerate at least 2 hours, and up to 24 hours.nWhen ready to serve, preheat a broiler to very hot or fire up your kitchen torch. Uncover the chilled custards. Pour as much coarse sugar as will fit onto the top of 1 of the custards. Pour off the remaining sugar onto the next custard. Repeat until all the custards are coated. Discard any remaining sugar. Place the ramekins on a baking sheet or in a roasting pan and broil until the sugar is melted and well browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Let cool 1 minute before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup whole milk, 18 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 pinches nutmeg, 1 pinch ginger, 1 pinch ground cloves, 4 egg yolks, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup canned pumpkin puree, 13 cup coarse sugar or raw sugar], title: Pumpkin Creme Brulee, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 10455: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler.nCut the chicken wings in thirds, cutting between the bones. Discard the wing tips. Melt the butter and add the cayenne, hot sauce, and salt. Put the wings on a sheet pan and brush them with the melted butter. Broil them about 3 inches below the heat for 8 minutes. Turn the wings, brush them again with the butter, and broil for 4 more minutes or until cooked.nFor the sauce, place the blue cheese, mayonnaise, sour cream, milk, Worcestershire, salt, and pepper in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Process until almost smooth.nServe the chicken wings hot or at room temperature with the blue cheese dip and celery sticks., ingredients: [16 chicken wings about 3 pounds, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 teaspoons Franks Hot Sauce, or 1 teaspoon Tabasco, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups crumbled Gorgonzola or other blue cheese, 1 cup good mayonnaise, 34 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons milk, 34 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Celery sticks, for serving], title: Buffalo Chicken Wings, picturelink: ZtxtikTxw0kRZDD8S6tZfgz4bTPlrja}, 10456: {instructions: In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, brown the sausage. If desired, drain the fat.nAdd the onions and mushrooms and cook until tender, then set aside in a separate bowl.nIn the same skillet, add the oil and hash browns over mediumhigh heat and cook until golden brown on 1 side. Once golden brown, add the eggs, sausage and the mushroom mixture. Scramble together until desired consistency and top with the Cheddar.nCover with a lid until the cheese melts and serve., ingredients: [12 ounces countrystyle bulk sausage, 12 cup chopped yellow onions, 12 cup sliced fresh mushrooms, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 cups fresh hash browns, 6 large eggs, whisked together, 1 cup shredded Cheddar], title: Hobo, picturelink: null}, 10457: {instructions: Special equipment: printed templates or ruler and triangle, assorted cookie cutters, piping bags with medium and fine tipsnMelt the shortening and butter together in a medium saucepan. Let cool.nSift the flour, sugar, ginger, cinnamon and salt into a large bowl. Mix the melted butter into the flour mixture with an electric mixer until sandy. Add the corn syrup and vanilla, and mix until evenly incorporated, but still crumbly in texture. Press the dough together by hand and divide into 8 equal parts. Press into rough squares about 1 inch thick. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight.nPlace the dough on top of a flourdusted sheet of parchment. Roll a square of dough about 14inch thick and into an 8 by 11inch rectangle. Repeat with all the remaining squares. Stack them up and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, click here to email a link of the template to your desktop or laptop computer for printing. Print the file at 100 on letter size paper and cut out the pieces. Remove the top sheet of parchment from the dough. Lay the templates on the rolled dough slabs and cut out all the pieces with a long, sharp knife or pizza cutter. You will have a total of 8 cut panels plus 3 extra sheets for cookies. Cut out the remaining dough with cookie cutters of your choice. Cut a 3 12 by 3 12inch square centered at the base of one of the tall walls then cut that piece in half to make the two barn doors. Stack panels on a cookie sheet and chill 45 minutes to set. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and position the oven racks evenly. Bake the gingerbread shapes until they are a rich tawny brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool on a rack. With a fine kitchen rasp, file the panels to make all the edges straight.nThicken about 2 cups of the Royal Icing with either cornstarch and a couple of drops of vinegar, or extra confectioners sugar, to get the consistency of caulk. Fit a pastry bag with a medium round tip and fill it with the thickened icing.nPipe a generous amount of Royal Icing along the bottom and the sides of a short wall. Center the wall 34 inch from one edge, directly onto the base. Use a box or can to help support the walls while they dry.nPipe Royal Icing along the bottom of a tall wall, and stick it to the base with an edge pressed against the icing on the first wall. Repeat with the remaining two walls in the same manner until the four walls are up, making an open box with a 34inch border all around the base. The two tall walls will face each other. Allow the icing to dry completely, about 24 hours, before attaching the roof.nIce the sloped edges on one side of the house and attach the big roof piece. Line up the top of the roof with the peaks of the tall walls. Use a box or can to prop up the overhang of the roof while it dries in place. Attach the smaller roof piece on the other side of the slope prop it up with a box or can leaving the same amount of overhang. Leave the top open for now. The last roof panel is the lid and will go there when all is dry. Attach the doors. Pipe Royal Icing neatly on the outside of the seams to secure them, and allow the house to dry for 24 hours.nFit tips into piping bags. Divide the remaining Royal Icing into batches and color as desired. Fill bags with frosting and decorate the house and roof with icing and candies if using.nAllow to dry. Fill the house with cookies. Rest the remaining roof slab on the house to make a lid. Enjoy.nCombine the confectioners sugar, meringue powder and 34cup water in a large bowl. Mix slowly with an electric mixer until stiff enough to form peaks the icing should be pure white and thick, but not fluffy and bubbly. If the frosting is over beaten, it will get aerated which makes it harder to work with. If this happens, let the frosting sit to settle, and then use a rubber spatula to vigorously beat and smooth out the frosting.nAdd up to 1 tablespoon food coloring and mix with a rubber spatula until the color is uniform. Gels are best with royal icing. You dont want to thin them with liquid colors. Be careful of adding too much color, which reduces the sheen of the frosting and can break down the consistency of the frosting over a couple of days. Store the icing at room temperature, covered, with plastic wrap on the surface.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [2 cups shortening, 4 sticks 1 pound unsalted butter, 14 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting, 2 cups sugar, 13 cup ground ginger, 3 12 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon fine salt, 3 cups dark corn syrup, 2 12 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, Allpurpose flour, for rolling out the dough, One recipe Royal Icing, recipe follows, Cornstarch and vinegar or confectioners sugar, to thicken Royal Icing, Candy for decorating, optional, 2 pounds confectioners sugar, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons meringue powder egg white powder, Food coloring, as desired], title: Gingerbread Barn, picturelink: null}, 10458: {instructions: In a 10quart stockpot, cover the meats with water. Bring the water to a light boil over medium heat and skim off the scum that rises. When the froth on top of the boiling water is clear, add 1 more cup of water, bouquet garni and salt. Partially cover and simmer, keeping the broth at a light boil for 1 hour.nAdd the carrots, leeks, onion, and tomatoes. If the vegetables are not totally covered with broth, dont worry, just submerge them as best you can. Partially cover and simmer, keeping the broth at a light boil for 1 12 hours.nOne 12 hour before serving, cover the potatoes with salted cold water. Bring to a boil, partially cover and cook for 20 minutes, or until tender. Drain potatoes and keep warm.nRemove meat from the stockpot and discard twine. Cut meat into thick slices. Arrange slices on a platter along with the potatoes and vegetables. Bring the broth back to a boil and discard the fat, skimming with a ladle to remove it. Discard the bouquet garni. Serve pot au feu with broth in large soup bowls, garnish with accompaniments, ingredients: [12 beef shank 4 pounds with bone in tied with kitchen twine, 1 whole veal shank 2 12 to 3 pounds tied with kitchen twine, 1 lamb shank 1 12 pounds secured with kitchen twine, Bouquet garni a cheesecloth sachet containing 1 young tender branch of celery with leaves, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 sprigs parsley, 10 black peppercorns, and 1 whole clove, 2 tablespoons salt, 6 large carrots, peeled, halved, cut into quarters lengthwise, 8 medium leeks, greens discarded, washed and tied together in 2 bundles 4 each, 1 pound small onions, 1 28ounce can plum tomatoes, juice strained, 2 pounds Yukon Gold or any allpurpose potatoes, peeled and cut into 2inch cubes 6 cups, Small bowl Nicoise or Gaeta olives, Small bowl capers, Small bowl sea salt, Small bowl hot mustard andor a small bowl of grated horseradish, Small bowl cornichons], title: Pot au Feu du Midi, picturelink: null}, 10459: {instructions: Spoon the oil into a large, heavy casserole or Dutch oven set over moderate heat. Add the onions and saute until softened and lightly colored, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for 2 minutes. Reserve.nReturn the pot to moderate heat and crumble in the beef and pork. Increase the heat to high and brown well, without stirring, for 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to moderately high and brown, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes longer. Return the onions to the pot and stir in 12 cup of the chili powder, 2 tablespoons of the cocoa, 2 tablespoons of the sugar, 1 tablespoon of the cumin, 1 tablespoon of the oregano, fennel seeds, salt, cayenne, and bay leaves. Add the tomatoes and their juices, the tomato sauce, 2 bottles of the beer and 4 cups of water. Bring the mixture to a boil over moderate heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, for 3 hours. Stir gently every 30 minutes, but do not stir during the last 15 to 20 minutes so all of the fat will rise to the top.nMeanwhile, prepare the beans. Put the bacon in a large, heavy saucepan set over moderate heat. Cook, stirring frequently, until crisp and deep golden brown. Spoon off all but 1 tablespoon of the fat. Drain the beans no matter which soaking technique you have used and measure the liquid. Add water to make 6 cups. Add the beans and liquid to the bacon in the pan and bring to a boil, stirring frequently, over moderate heat. Reduce the heat to low, partially cover, and simmer for 1 hour. Add the garlic and salt, partially cover, and simmer until the beans are tender, about 1 hour longer. Remove from the heat and set aside. When the chili has cooked for 3 hours, degrease it, skimming off most of the fat. Place a paper towel flat on the surface to soak up any remaining fat repeat, if necessary. Stir in the remaining 14 cup chili powder, 1 tablespoon cocoa, 1 teaspoon cumin, and 1 teaspoon oregano. Taste for balance of acidity to sweetness and stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar, if needed. Add the beans and their cooking liquid. Set the chili aside to cool to room temperature. If making ahead, cover and refrigerate overnight. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Stir the remaining 1 bottle of beer into the chili. Bake, uncovered, for 2 hours, stirring once in a while. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil or bacon fat, 1 12 pounds onions, coarsely chopped, 3 large garlic cloves, minced or crushed through a press, 2 pounds lean ground beef, sirloin, or chuck, 2 pounds lean ground pork, 34 cup chili powder, preferably a mix of half ancho and half pasilla, but any will do, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 to 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds optional, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper optional, 3 bay leaves, 1 can 28 ounces whole tomatoes, undrained and roughly chopped, 1 can 8 ounces tomato sauce, 3 bottles 12 ounces each dark or medium beer, such as Mexican Dos Equis, Heineken, or Becks, 6 slices hickorysmoked bacon, finely chopped, 1 pound dried small pink beans, soaked and still in their soaking liquid, 1 large garlic clove, minced or crushed through a press, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Big Boy Chili and Beans, picturelink: null}, 10460: {instructions: Wash and trim the beets. Put them into a roasting pan and drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and roast until tender time will vary depending on the size of the beets. Remove from the oven and let cool. When the beets are cool enough to handle, remove the skins, and cut them into quarters. Toss them in a bowl with the fennel, lemon juice, lemon zest, parsley and oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Chill until ready to serve.nReduce oven to temperature to 325 degrees F. In a small skillet, toss pecans in corn syrup, sugar, cayenne and salt and pepper, to taste. Bake for 5 minutes, stir and bake for 10 more minutes. Remove the candied pecans from oven and separate them with a fork.nReduce the oven temperature to 275 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, beat the egg yolks until pale yellow. Heat cream and halfandhalf in a small saucepan over low heat, and add slowly it to the eggs. Stir in the Gorgonzola, chives, parsley, and salt and pepper, to taste. Put 6 ramekins in a baking pan and fill the pan with enough boiling water to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Divide the flan mixture evenly between ramekins.nCover the baking pan with aluminum foil and bake until the center of each custard is firm, about 35 to 40 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and put the ramekins on serving plates alongside some golden beet salad and candied pecans., ingredients: [2 bunches about 10 mini golden beets, Salt, 1 fennel bulb, sliced, plus 1 tablespoon green fennel fronds, chopped, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons Italian parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups pecans, 3 tablespoons corn syrup, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 large egg yolks, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 cup halfandhalf, 5 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled, 2 tablespoons snipped chives, 3 tablespoons minced Italian parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.], title: Golden Beet and Fennel Salad with Gorgonzola Flan and Candied Pecans, picturelink: null}, 10461: {instructions: Divide the mint, sugar, and lime wedges among 4 oldfashioned glasses. Using a pestle from a mortar and pestle or the end of a wooden spoon, mash the mint, sugar, and lime together. Add some ice and top off with some pineapple juice concentrate, white rum, and club soda. Swirl with a sugar cane stick and serve., ingredients: [12 fresh mint leaves, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 lime, quartered, Ice cubes, 4 tablespoons pineapple juice concentrate, 12 cup white rum, 12 cup club soda, Sugar cane sticks, for serving, optional], title: Pineapple Mojitos, picturelink: OqPqIQvk36tsh0oVKpt0D9ejfKzSG}, 10462: {instructions: Add the potatoes to a large pot of cold water. Bring it to a boil over medium heat and add salt, to taste. Cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and let cool.nIn a large serving bowl, whisk the mayonnaise and mustard with the shallots, jalapenos, parsley and salt and pepper. Add the potatoes and toss them with the mayonnaise mixture., ingredients: [2 pounds red potatoes, scrubbed and cubed into 1inch dice, Salt, 34 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 shallots, minced, 3 pickled jalapenos, drained and chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: Big Daddy Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 10463: {instructions: Make the steak: Mix the cocoa powder, both paprikas, brown sugar, cayenne and 2 teaspoons salt rub on the steak and bring to room temperature, 30 minutes.nMake the gravy: Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring, until crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove to paper towels with a slotted spoon set aside. Add the leek to the drippings and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute.nRemove the skillet from the heat. Add the whiskey, then return to medium heat if the alcohol ignites, let the flames die out. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and bay leaves. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and cook until the mixture is reduced by onequarter, about 8 minutes. Whisk in the heavy cream and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the gravy coats a spoon, about 7 minutes. Stir in the butter, reserved bacon and parsley season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nHeat a large castiron skillet over high heat, about 3 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon butter when it melts, add the steak and sear until a dark crust forms, about 8 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes. Season with salt. Slice and serve with the gravy.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon packed light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 3 1pound New York strip steaks about 1 12 inches thick, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 strips bacon, diced, 1 leek white and light green parts only, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 cup whiskey, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 bay leaves, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: CocoaRubbed Steak With BaconWhiskey Gravy, picturelink: C3o9nCPK0Iez7GvPMrAVPwN7lzQXEZy}, 10464: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill to medium.nIn a large bowl, toss the vegetables with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the vegetables, turning occasionally, until charred and tender, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove to a platter. Sprinkle with basil and feta.nIn a small bowl, mix garlic, balsamic vinegar, and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and drizzle over vegetables., ingredients: [12 bunch asparagus, trimmed and cut into bitesize pieces, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, 1 medium red onion, cut into 12inch rings, 1 yellow bell pepper, quartered, seeds and ribs removed, 1 red bell pepper, quartered, seeds and ribs removed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, 14 pound feta cheese, 1 medium clove garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Vegetable Salad, picturelink: Limf8psJr29Ja4IUCsb3FuAbwnTOJfS}, 10465: {instructions: Special equipment: 9stick castiron corn stick moldnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt. In a medium bowl, whisk together the milk and egg. Pour the milk mixture into the cornmeal mixture and, using a rubber spatula, lightly mix until a thick batter is formed. Stir in the melted butter until just incorporated. Heat the castiron mold in the oven until hot. Carefully remove the pan from the oven and brush cornstick slots with butter. Spoon the batter evenly into the slots. Bake until lightly browned and a toothpick inserted in the center of a cornstick comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Let cool slightly. Using a small knife, pop each cornstick from its slot and serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup stoneground cornmeal, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup milk, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, plus more for the brushing molds], title: Cornsticks, picturelink: null}, 10466: {instructions: Place the cubed bread in a food processor and pulse until coarse in texture.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the breadcrumbs and toss to coat. Mix in the rosemary and thyme. Remove from the heat and add the Parmesan. Let cool.nUse for breading chicken cutlets, topping mac and cheese, crusting lamb racks or topping pasta., ingredients: [About 8 cups cubed stale or leftover Italian bread, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, crushed, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Buttery Herb Breadcrumbs, picturelink: KAiGaCzPevHoMZ4xBslz2H1WBrLj3Ky}, 10467: {instructions: Quarter the chayote and remove and discard the center seeds. Cut into 14inch slices. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add the chayote and boil for 5 minutes. Drain.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over moderate heat. Cook the onions until translucent, about 5 minutes. Then add the garlic and cook 1 to 2 minutes longer. Add the chayote, tomatoes and water. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook over low heat 10 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 chayote, peeled, 14 cup olive oil, 1 large onion, diced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tomatoes, cored, seeded and diced, 12 cup water], title: Stewed Chayote, picturelink: null}, 10468: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Kitchen twinenPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Put the ribs on a baking sheet, season with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Stick them in the oven, and let the ribs bake, low and slow for 1 12 hours.nMeanwhile, make the sauce. Wrap the bacon around the middle of the thyme sprigs and tie with kitchen twine so you have a nice bundle. Heat a 2count of oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the thyme bundle and cook slowly for 3 to 4 minutes to render the bacon fat and give the sauce a nice smoky taste. Add the onion and garlic and cook slowly, without coloring, for 5 minutes. Add all of the rest of the sauce ingredients, give the sauce a stir, and turn the heat down to low. Cook slowly for 20 minutes to meld the flavors. Put some sauce in a separate bowl for basting, reserving the remaining sauce for serving.nBaste the ribs with the sauce and let them continue cooking, basting twice more, for 30 more minutes. When the ribs are cooked, take them out of the oven. You can let them hang out like this until youre ready to eat.nWhen ready to eat, preheat the broiler for 5 minutes and broil the ribs, basting with the sauce. They should become crisp and charred, about 5 minutes on each side. Pick the onion and garlic out of the sauce and serve with ribs., ingredients: [2 slabs baby back ribs about 3 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 bacon slices, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 onion, 3 smashed garlic cloves, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup peach preserves, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard or 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 14 cup molasses, 2 tablespoons red or white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground paprika], title: The Ultimate Barbecued Ribs, picturelink: Jz9QKDqvDkO6TI3Mk56aaKLevBYpxC}, 10469: {instructions: In a shallow platter, combine the bread crumbs and chorizo pieces, mixing to distribute evenly. Cut the tuna into 2inch thick slices. Press only 1 side of each tuna fillet into the bread crumb mix. In a saute pan over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon of oil. Sear the breaded side of the fillet. Turn over and sear the other side for 2 minutes keeping it rare and reserve. To the pan, add the remaining olive oil and saute the garlic until fragrant. Pour in the vinegar and white wine, and reduce the liquid by half. Whisk in the butter and remove the pan from the heat. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, place the potatoes on the center of a plate, stack the tuna fillet on top and add sauce lightly over and around the tuna.nIn a small saucepot, add the red potatoes and enough water to cover and add a generous amount of salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. When the potatoes are tender, strain and allow to cool. Cut the cooled potatoes in half. Heat the oil in a small saute pan over mediumhigh heat and then add the potato halves, cut side down. Cook until golden on 1 side, then turn over and cook the other side. Drain onto paper towels, season with salt and pepper, and reserve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Japanese bread crumbs panko, 1 2 12ounce link chorizo, finely chopped, 1 7 ounce ahi tuna fillet, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, sliced, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar recommended: Jerez, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 2 ounces butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Panfried Red Potatoes, recipe follows, 2 mediumsized red potatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces olive oil], title: Ahi Tuna Cadiz, picturelink: pf3NKuRMSWcmXGvyeMx2Drk6vyrF6}, 10470: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 brown lunch bag, a cooking tripod with a hook and a campfire with hot embersnSpray the interior of the brown bag with cooking spray. Cut the bacon slices in half. Line the bottom of the bag with the bacon. Crack the egg into the bag and fold the top of the bag over to close.nUsing a cooking tripod and hook, immediately hang the bag approximately 12 inches over the hot embers of a fire if you dont do it right away, the egg will seep through the bag. Cook until the bacon and egg are cooked through, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for spraying brown bag, 2 slices bacon, 1 egg], title: Brown Bag Bacon and Egg, picturelink: null}, 10471: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine the flour, baking soda and salt in a small bowl. Beat the butter, brown sugar, granulated sugar and vanilla extract in a large mixer bowl until creamy. Add the eggs. Gradually beat in the flour mixture. Add the oatmeal, cherries and chocolate chips to your desired consistency and liking, and mix. Drop by a rounded tablespoon onto ungreased baking sheets.nBake until golden brown, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool on baking sheets for 2 minutes remove to wire racks to cool completely., ingredients: [2 14 cups whole wheat flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 34 cup brown sugar, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 13 cup egg whites or 2 whole eggs, 1 12 cup oldfashioned oatmeal not quick cook, 1 cup dried, pitted tart cherries not Bing cherries, 1 cup chocolate chips], title: Candace Cameron Bures Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cherry Cookies, picturelink: null}, 10472: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Grease an 8by8inch baking pan with glutenfree cooking spray. Line the pan with an overhanging piece of parchment paper to easily remove the bars.nPlace the apples, walnuts, chopped and sliced almonds, flaxseed meal, puffs cereal, hemp seeds, protein powder, cinnamon, salt, rice syrup and maple syrup in a large bowl. Stir to combine and evenly coat. Transfer the apple mixture to the prepared pan and, using a greased piece of parchment paper, press down firmly to spread evenly. Bake until just firm, about 12 minutes. Let cool completely on a rack.nReduce the oven temperature to 250 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper and place a wire rack on top. Remove the apple bar from the pan and cut evenly into 12 bars. Place, gooeyside up, on the wire rack. Bake until almost dry to the touch, about 15 minutes. Let cool completely on a rack., ingredients: [Glutenfree cooking spray, 1 cup chopped dried apples, 1 cup chopped raw walnuts, 1 cup chopped raw almonds, 12 cup sliced blanched almonds, 14 cup flaxseed meal, 14 cup millet puffs cereal, 2 tablespoons raw hemp seeds, 1 tablespoon raw organic rice protein powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 cup brown rice syrup, 14 cup pure maple syrup], title: Apple Pie Super Protein Bars, picturelink: fwbjeZUSx.TDuh21zTxM7FbBF69dbq}, 10473: {instructions: In 10gallon outdoor cooker pot with a basket insert, begin heating the oil over a very hot propane flame outdoors to 390 degrees F. Do not set the burner to its highest setting, as you may need to increase the heat after you have added the turkey. It will take about 20 minutes for the oil to heat.nMeanwhile, rinse the turkey well, pat it dry inside and out, and set it on end in a sink to drain.nWhen the oil reaches 350 degrees F, pat the turkey dry again, and sprinkle it with salt. Place the turkey in the basket and carefully and slowly lower the basket with the turkey into the oil. Immediately check the oil temperature and adjust the flame so that the temperature does not drop below 300 degrees F maintain the temperature at 325 to 350 degrees F. As it cooks, occasionally move the bird around in the oil with tongs so that it does not scorch.nWhole turkeys take only 3 to 5 minutes per pound to fry to perfection. When it is done, the turkey will float to the surface with a perfectly crispy, browned skin. If you are unsure, you can test the meat for doneness by inserting an instantread thermometer deep into the thigh meat or breast meat it should register 180 degrees F.nUsing the basket insert, carefully remove the turkey from the oil and hold it over the pot for a moment to allow any excess oil to drain back into the pot. Then lay the bird on the oven rack and allow it to rest for 20 minutes before carving.nJust before carving, melt butter in a small skillet over mediumlow heat. Add parsley, stir to combine, and cook until just sizzling. Carve turkey as desired, drizzle slices with butter sauce, and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 to 5 quarts peanut oil, 1 whole turkey 8 to 9 pounds, at room temperature, Salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves], title: Fried Turkey, picturelink: J9BmHEIZ1j7fWxnwippfXQc7iQqCg2e}, 10474: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBoil the spaghetti in salted water until it is al dente. Drain and set aside.nBeat the eggs. Add the black pepper and cheese to the beaten eggs. Set aside. Add cream to this mixture, if desired, for a creamier dish.nPut the oil in a saucepan with the pancetta, and saute for 5 minutes. Add the spaghetti into the pan and saute for another 3 minutes.nTurn off the flame this is important and add the egg and cheese mixture to the pasta and mix. Serve with additional Pecorino Romano on top., ingredients: [1 pound spaghetti, 4 eggs, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 3 teaspoons Pecorino Romano, plus extra, for serving, 2 teaspoons cream, optional, 3 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 slices pancetta], title: Spaghetti alla Carbonara, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 10475: {instructions: Combine all ingredients, except ice in the blender and blend until smooth. Add the ice and blend until frothy., ingredients: [1 cup peeled and chopped papaya, 1 cup peeled and chopped mango, 2 cups peeled and chopped pineapple, 2 small ripe bananas, peeled and chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 12 cups fresh coconut milk, 1 cup white rum, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups ice cubes], title: Batidos, picturelink: null}, 10476: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the oven rack in center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nIn a saucepan over low heat, add the cream and 34 cup of the walnuts. Bring just to a simmer and then keep warm over lowest heat while building the potato layers.nIn a large, lightly greased, 9 by 13inch baking dish, arrange 13 of the potato slices covering the bottom of the dish, overlapping slightly. Generously season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with a little sage, 13 of the Gruyere and a ladle of warmed walnut cream mixture. Repeat 1 more time the exact same way. Layer for a 3rd and last time with just the potatoes, making sure to arrange them in nice straight even rows. Then cover the top of the potatoes with the remaining warmed walnut cream and top with the last 13 cup of the cheese. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste.nCover with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees and remove the foil. Continue to bake until the top is just starting to become golden, about 20 minutes more.nRemove from the oven and do your best to let the gratin rest for 15 to 20 minutes before serving. Eat and enjoy, ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 34 cup walnuts, toasted and finely chopped, 3 12 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 18inch thick slices, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 cup grated Gruyere cheese], title: Walnut Sage Gratin, picturelink: viYJqyneygVhSRi1Cw5eUqERJLIOYb2}, 10477: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBeat together the cake mix with coconut water. Fill 2 6count mini angel food can pans halfway with batter. Bake until puffed, golden brown, and toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 12 to 15 minutes. Invert the pans onto wire cooling racks and cool completely before removing from the pans.nFor the frosting: Bring 2 cups water to a simmer in a medium saucepot.nIn a large glass bowl that will fit over the saucepot, combine 14 cup water, sugar, corn syrup, cream of tartar, and egg whites. Place on top of the saucepot and beat for 7 minutes using an electric hand mixer. The frosting will be smooth, shiny, and form peaks when the mixer is lifted from the bowl. Remove from the heat and slowly beat in the marshmallow cream.nFrost each cake with the icing and sprinkle the tops with coconut flakes., ingredients: [1 16ounce box angel food cake mix, 23 cup coconut water, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 2 egg whites, 14 cup marshmallow cream, 12 cup coconut flakes, for decorating], title: Mini Angel Food Cakes with Marshmallow Frosting, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 10478: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCrimp seams of puff pastry together with fingertips. Dust both sides of pastry with sugar. Using a rolling pin, roll pastry in each direction to close seams. Using a sharp pizza cutter and tracing a small plate cut out 2 circles of pastry. Place pastry circles on a chilled sheet pan and let cool in the refrigerator for a few minutes.nUsing a vegetable peeler cut wafer thin apple slices. Put apple slices in lemonjuicespiked water.nFlip pastry circles over on the sheet pans and poke them with a fork to provide an outlet for steam. Put parchment paper on the pan underneath the pastry circles. Sprinkle pastry with sugar and arrange apple slices on top.nBake in the middle of the oven for 15 to 20 minutes. Poke the crust if it feels soft it needs more time in the oven.nMicrowave some apricot jam for 30 seconds. Dab dont brush the jam on the tarts. Cool tarts at least 4 hours and seal in a resealable plastic bag. Serve at room temperature or heat in the microwave and top with ice cream., ingredients: [1 sheet puff pastry, thawed, Sugar, for dusting, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored, and quartered, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Apricot jam], title: Fruit Tart, picturelink: hFG2vxFSCL5XtM5SxABNKb5OQF5CqXm}, 10479: {instructions: Drain soaked mushrooms and rinse under water, chop. Strain soaking liquid to remove any grit and reserve for later.nBring salted water to a boil for the pasta. Add the pasta to boiling water and cook for 10 minutes or until al dente.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a saucepan. When hot, add garlic and saute a few seconds until aromatic, add chopped porcini mushrooms, reserved soaking liquid and tomatoes and simmer over low heat for 5 to 10 minutes.nAdd cannellini beans, simmer for 5 to 10 minutes until heated through and have absorbed some of the flavor of the other ingredients. Season to taste with salt and pepper if sauce is too thick, add some water to thin if too thin, simmer down until properly thickened. Drain pasta, transfer to serving bowl and spoon sauce over pasta., ingredients: [1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms soaked in 1 cup of water until soft, 12 ounces linguini, Olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 cups plum tomatoes, drained and chopped, 16 ounce can white cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, Salt and fresh ground black pepper], title: Winter Dish of Chick Peas and Wild Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 10480: {instructions: Prepare two 9inch cake pans by lightly greasing them, lining them with waxed paper or parchment, greasing the paper, and lightly dusting with flour. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. and put a pan of water in the bottom of the oven. Mix the ground nuts together. Very finely chop the apples with a knife. You should have 1 34 cups. In a warmed electric mixer bowl, beat the eggs and egg yolk on high speed until doubled in volume. It may take 10 minutes or more. Slowly add the sugar while beating and continue beating until the volume is tripled. The eggs should be very thick and light in color. Dont be afraid of overbeating. Sift the flour over the egg mixture. Sprinkle the ground nuts over all, followed by the apples. With a large spatula, fold the mixture together rapidly but gently, being certain to bring all the elements from the bottom of the bowl up into the mixture. Divide the batter between 2 cake pans and bake in the middle of the oven for about 25 to 30 minutes, or until the top is golden brown and the sides have begun to pull away. Do not push on the meringue like top, or it may cave in. Place on a rack in a draftfree place and let cool completely. Lightly toast the pecan halves while the cake are in the oven. While the pecans are hot, quickly dip them in water and then roll them in granulated sugar until they are lightly coated. Let them dry on a rack. The cakes must be perfectly cool, or the heat with melt the cream. Invert the pans to remove the cakes, discarding the paper liners, and turn the cakes back over again so that the crusty top surface is in its original position. Place each cake on a serving platter. Using an electric standing mixer, fitted with a whip attachment, whip the cream with some sugar until stiff and place 8 dollops of the cream evenly around each cake. Garnish each bit of cream with a sugared pecan and serve with a shot glass of bourbon neat., ingredients: [34 cup ground pecans, 34 cup ground English walnuts, 12 cup ground black walnuts, 2 medium apples, peeled, 4 large egg, at room temperature, 1 large egg yolk, at room temperature, 1 34 cup sugar, 34 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 16 perfect pecan halves, Sugar, 23 cup cream], title: Hoppin John Huguenot Torte, picturelink: null}, 10481: {instructions: Pour the rum or pineapple juice into a tall and narrow glass. Remove the popsicles from their wrappers and, 1 at a time, submerge them, tilting the glass to completely moisten the entire popsicle. Sprinkle each side of the popsicle with some sugar and arrange the popsicles on a plate and serve immediately.nPour the rum or pineapple juice into a tall and narrow glass. Remove the popsicles from their wrappers and, 1 at a time, submerge them, tilting the glass to completely moisten the entire popsicle. Sprinkle each side of the popsicle with some sugar and arrange the popsicles on a plate and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup rum or pineapple juice, 6 coconut allfruit popsicles recommended: Frozen Fruit, 1 cup demarara or turbinado sugar, 12 cup rum or pineapple juice, 6 coconut allfruit popsicles recommended: Frozen Fruit, 1 cup demarara or turbinado sugar], title: Coconut Popsicles, picturelink: OqPqIQvk36tsh0oVKpt0D9ejfKzSG}, 10482: {instructions: Churros: 8 cups vegetable or olive oil 1 cup water 12 cup margarine or butter 14 teaspoon salt 1 cup allpurpose flour 3 eggs 14 cup sugar 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, optionalnHot Chocolate: 4 ounces dark chocolate 2 cups milk 1 tablespoon cornstarch 4 tablespoons sugarnHeat the oil in a deep frying pan to 360 degrees F.nTo make the churro dough, heat the water, margarine, and salt to a rolling boil in a 3quart saucepan. Add the flour and stir vigorously over low heat until mixture forms a ball, approximately 1 minute and remove from heat. Beat eggs until smooth and add to the saucepan while stirring the mixture.nSpoon the mixture into a piping bag with a star tip. Squeeze 4inch strips of dough into the hot oil. Fry 3 or 4 strips at a time until golden brown, turning once, about 2 minutes on each side. Drain on paper towels. Mix the sugar and cinnamon in a bowl and roll the churros in the sugar mixture. Set aside until ready to serve.nTo prepare the hot chocolate for dipping, place the chocolate and half the milk in a saucepan over very low heat and cook, stirring, until the chocolate has melted. Dissolve the cornstarch in the remaining milk and whisk into the chocolate with the sugar. Cook on low heat, whisking constantly until the chocolate thickens, approximately 5 minutes. Remove and whisk until smooth. Pour chocolate into cups and serve with churros., ingredients: [8 cups vegetable or olive oil, 1 cup water, 12 cup margarine or butter, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, optional, 4 ounces dark chocolate, 2 cups milk, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 4 tablespoons sugar], title: Churros and Hot Chocolate, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 10483: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the bacon over mediumhigh heat in a 12inch nonstick skillet, stirring occasionally, until crisp, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the bacon using a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels.nAdd the potatoes, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper to the pan juices. Cook, stirring frequently, until brown and crisp, about 25 minutes. Remove the potatoes using a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Add the oil, onion, bell pepper, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes.nAdd the spinach, salami, nutmeg, orange zest, the remaining 14 teaspoon of salt and pepper. Cook until the spinach is wilted, about 4 minutes. Stir in the bacon and potatoes.nMake 4 indentations in the hash and break an egg into each. Cook until the eggs are cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes., ingredients: [8 ounces applesmoked bacon 5 to 6 slices, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 medium russet potatoes about 1 12 pounds, peeled and chopped into 1inch cubes, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and cut into 12inch pieces, 3 cups baby spinach leaves, 5 ounces dry salami, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Zest of 12 medium orange, 4 large eggs, at room temperature], title: Salami, Bacon and Spinach Hash, picturelink: .gYCf7PepjdzrKXpsxVAZgQ.C90CnwO}, 10484: {instructions: In a large skillet, brown the beef. Drain excess fat and transfer to a 5quart slow cooker. Add the remaining ingredients, mix well, cover, and cook on low for 4 to 8 hours until bubbly.nTo make pineapple rings, beat egg well. Mix in the flour and make a thick paste. Dip pineapple slices in the batter and fry in medium hot oil.nTo serve, place baked beans in bowl and top with pineapple rings.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 28ounce can baked beans, 8 ounces pineapple bits, 1 onion, chopped, 1 green pepper, chopped, 12 cup barbecue sauce, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 garlic clove, minced, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 egg, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 8ounce can pineapple rings, drained, 1 cup vegetable oil], title: Pineapple Baked Beans and Beef with Fried Pineapple Rings, picturelink: 8CfEw.dqOpkubjTV7snK7zYljr7eR36}, 10485: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325.nBeat egg whites until frothy add salt, cream of tartar and lemon oil and vanilla extract. Continue beating until they form stiff but not dry peaks. Using a rubber spatula, gradually fold in the sugar a few tablespoons at a time.nUsing the same rubber spatula, gradually fold in the flour, one quarter at a time. Be sure that you use a true folding motion, gently turning the spatula from the bottom of the bowl to the top, folding in air with each stroke as opposed to beating or stirring. You just went to all that work the whip up the egg whites, dont want to beat them to death.nPour batter into an ungreased, 9inch angel food cake pan you know the one with the tube in the center, not a bundt pan.nBake one hour or until top is golden brown and the cake pulls away from pan sides.nRemove cake from oven . Cool in the pan ten minutes and then invert pan and let cake stand upside down for an hour or until cooled.nYou might let the cake stand over a plate in case your oven was funky and the cake plops out of the pan prematurely. Hey, it happens.nWhile cake is cooling prepare the glaze. In a small bowl, whisk together confectioners sugar, lemon juice and lemon zest. Let stand ten minutes before glazing the cake as it thickens a little. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 14 cups egg whites, at room temperature about 9 large eggs, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon lemon oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups sifted sugar, 1 cup cake flour, sifted three times, 1 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 23 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest], title: LemonGlazed Lemon Angel Food Cake, picturelink: null}, 10486: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nLay the herrings in a fireproof dish, cover with the sliced onion, sprinkle with the pickling spice and add bay leaves, salt and pepper. Mix the wine and wine vinegar and pour over. Cook in the oven for about 1 12 hours. Allow to get cold before serving., ingredients: [4 herrings, cleaned, boned and heads and tails removed, 1 small onion, sliced, 1 tablespoon mixed pickling sauce, 2 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 pint 12 cup dry white wine, 14 pint 12 cup good wine vinegar], title: Soused Herrings, picturelink: null}, 10487: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F 220 degrees C.nIn a bowl, beat together the flour, granulated sugar, milk, and eggs until thoroughly blended. Set aside.nIn a 10 to 12inch 25 to 30cm heatproof frying pan over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter. Add the peaches or nectarines and cook, stirring often, until the fruit is hot and slightly softened, 3 to 5 minutes, depending on ripeness. Remove from the heat and scatter with the berries.nPour the egg mixture over the fruit in the pan and immediately put in the oven. Bake until puffed and golden, about 18 minutes.nRemove the pancake from the oven and sift confectioners sugar over the top. Cut into wedges to serve. If desired, offer lemon wedges on the side., ingredients: [13 cup 2 ounces60 grams allpurpose plain flour, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 13 cup 3 ounces80 milliliters milk, 3 eggs, 14 cup 2 ounces60 grams unsalted butter, 2 firm, ripe peaches or nectarines, peeled, if desired, pitted and sliced, 1 12 cups 6 ounces185 grams raspberries or blackberries, About 2 tablespoons confectioners icing sugar, Lemon wedges, optional], title: Puffed Oven Pancake with Summer Fruit, picturelink: null}, 10488: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nIn a pot of boiling water blanch garlic cloves for 30 seconds. Remove to ice bath to stop cooking. Remove skinsnIn a small bowl, combine softened butter, lemon zest, salt and pepper. Loosen the skin of the hens by slipping your fingers between the meat and skin of the breast and legs. Rub the butter mixture under the skin of each hen. Place a fresh sage leaf under the skin on each breast half and at each leg.nPlace hens, head to toe, in roasting pan. Place garlic cloves inside the cavities and surrounding each hen.nRoast hens for 25 to 30 minutes at 400 degrees, until juices run clear when thigh is pierced.nRemove hens and garlic from roasting pan to platter. Pour off fat and juices into defatting cup. Place roasting pan over heat. Pour in 12 cup white wine to deglaze. Reduce until almost evaporated, scraping up the brown bits from the bottom of pan. When reduced, add 1 cup chicken stock and any juices that have settled in the defatting cup and from the platter. Mix together 2 tablespoons arrowroot and 2 tablespoons water. Add to sauce and bring to a boil to achieve full thickening power.nCut hens in half down breast bone and back bone. Serve half a hen per guest. Serve pan sauce on side., ingredients: [2 to 1 12 pound cornish game hens, 6 tablespoons softened butter, 8 fresh sage leaves, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 40 cloves of garlic, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons arrowroot, 2 tablespoons water], title: 20 Cloves of Garlic Roasted Game Hens, picturelink: null}, 10489: {instructions: Cut a stencil out of a plastic coffee can lid in the shape of a 3inch disk. Whip the egg whites until stiff and chill. In a mixer, cream the butter, then add the sugar and continue mixing. Add the flour and blend in, then add the vanilla and blend again. Add the chilled egg whites and mix on low until well incorporated and the batter is smooth. With a small offset spatula, spread batter through the stencil so it is a circle onto a silpat or parchment paper, about 6 per cookie sheet. Bake in a preheated 350degree oven until light golden brown, 7 to 8 minutes. Quickly remove the pan from the oven and one at time place a fortune across the center with a bit hanging out. Fold cookie circle in thirds over fortune with flaps only slightly overlapping each other. Turn over and bring opposing sides together and pinch. Let cool., ingredients: [2 egg whites, room temperature, 6 tablespoons butter, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup flour, sifted, 14 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Fortune Cookies, picturelink: TIJz8swsskuakwWgR.Vi5F7IIEbtplG}, 10490: {instructions: Prepare the scallops: Heat the butter and oil in a large saute pan. Season the scallops with salt and pepper and sear 1 minute per side, to brown. Do not cook completely. Set aside.nTo make the duxelles: Melt the butter in a large saute pan until foaming. Add the shallot and saute until soft. Add the mushrooms, and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the mushrooms have released all their liquid and the pan is dry, about 10 minutes. Transfer the mushrooms to a bowl and stir through the parsley.nTo make the sauce: Melt the butter in the saute pan until foaming. Add the shallot and cook until soft. Stir in the flour and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Whisk in the wine and boil down by half. Add the stock and cook, stirring, until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Remove from the heat and stir in the creme fraiche. Check the seasonings, adding salt, pepper, and lemon juice, if needed.nTo assemble the dish: Heat the oven to broil with the oven rack at the top. Lay 6 large scallop shells or individual gratin dishes on a baking sheet. Divide the mushroom mixture among the shells. Arrange six scallops on each, then spoon over the sauce. For the topping, scatter over the parsley and breadcrumbs, drizzle over the melted butter, and broil until golden and bubbly, 2 to 3 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound450 g scallops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 8 ounces250 g mushrooms, 2 shallots, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, minced, 2 tablespoons flour, 12 cup125 ml white wine, 12 cup125 ml fish stock, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, Lemon juice, to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 6 tablespoons fresh bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon butter, melted], title: Coquilles Saint Jacques, picturelink: null}, 10491: {instructions: Sandwich 2 12 tablespoons icemilk between 2 snaps, pressing snaps together gently, and put sandwich on a tray in a freezer. Form 11 more sandwiches in same manner and freeze on a tray, covered, until hard. Icemilk sandwiches may be made 1 week ahead and kept frozen, individually wrapped in plastic wrap., ingredients: [Approximately 2 cups mint chocolate chip icemilk recipe follows, softened slightly, 24 cocoa snaps recipe follows], title: Mint Chocolate Chip IceMilk Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 10492: {instructions: 4 16ounce or larger wine glasses or snifters note that the idea of a trifle is to see the layersnDissolve gelatin and sugar in boiling water. Add cold water and porter. Cover and set aside at room temperature.nPour the milk and heavy cream into a heavy bottomed saucepot and scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean into the pot or add vanilla extract. If using a vanilla bean, put the vanilla pod in the pot as well. Add half the sugar to the pot and bring to a simmer just below a boil. In a small bowl whisk together the egg yolks and the rest of the sugar and temper it by adding a small amount of the heated milk mixture to the bowl while whisking constantly known as a liaison. Now pour the liaison egg mixture into the milk pot, stirring constantly. You are only heating it. Do not boil. Do not cook. The idea of a liaison is to incorporate the eggs and avoid making them into scrambled eggs You want the mixture to begin to thicken so it will coat the back of a spoon. Remove from heat and allow to cool, then remove vanilla pod and discard, and refrigerate until chilled.nSpoon fruit cocktail into each glass as a base layer. Follow with a layer of cubed pound cake, then a layer of sliced bananas. Spoon about 13 cup gelatinporter mixture on top of the fruit and refrigerate for 2 to 4 hours until the gelatin is set.nA few minutes before serving, make the ganache, place the chocolate in a small heatproof bowl. Bring the cream to just under a boil in a small saucepan. Pour the cream over the chocolate and let sit for about 1 to 2 minutes. Stir gently with a rubber spatula until the chocolate is melted and smooth. If the chocolate is not melting readily, nest the bowl in another bowl of very hot tap water.nSpoon creme anglaise over the chilled trifle and drizzle with ganache. Spoon whipped cream on top to finish.nServe immediately., ingredients: [1 3ounce package raspberry gelatin, 1 to 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup boiling water, 14 cup ice water, 12 cup porter, 12 cup milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, or vanilla extract, to taste approximately 3 tablespoons, 14 cup sugar, 4 egg yolks, 1 29 to 32ounce can fruit cocktail, drained, 1 12ounce pound cake, thawed and cut into 34inch cubes recommended: Sara Lee, 2 bananas, sliced and tossed with lemon juice, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate pieces or chocolate squares, finely chopped, 23 cup heavy cream, 12 cup heavy cream whipped until light and fluffy with an electric beater], title: Raspberry Porter Trifle with Chocolate Ganache and Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 10493: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a medium bowl combine flour, baking soda, and salt. In a mixer bowl beat sugars and butter on medium speed until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla. Stir in flour mixture. Stir in chips and walnuts. On ungreased baking sheets, drop by rounded teaspoonfuls about 2 inches apart. Bake 10 to 15 minutes or until lightly browned. Let stand 1 minute. Remove and cool on racks., ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 6 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup 1 stick lightly salted butter or margarine, softened, 1 egg, beaten, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 package 6 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup chopped walnuts], title: Pizza Mans Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 10494: {instructions: Special equipment: Campfire with grill grate, 12inch castiron skillet with lidnStart a campfire with wood and wait until the flames die down and the coals glow red with white ash. Place a 12inch castiron skillet adjacent to the coals to heat up.nCombine the flour, cornmeal, salt, baking powder, and baking soda in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, combine the buttermilk, milk, egg, and melted butter. Make a well in the dry ingredients and slowly stir the wet ingredients into the dry, mixing gently until the lumps are dissolved. Fold in the cheese, poblanos, and corn.nRemove the castiron skillet from the fire and put the 2 tablespoons butter in the hot pan so it sizzles. Roll the butter around the pan to coat it evenly, then pour the cornbread batter into the hot skillet. Top with a lid and place back in the spot adjacent to the coals. Using a metal shovel, place hot coals on top of the lid and cook for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the bread is golden and firm. Rotate the pan every 7 to 8 minutes so the cornbread cooks evenly. Carefully remove the coals and lid and let the cornbread cool slightly in the pan, about 5 minutes. Slice and serve warm.nConventional Cooking method:nBake in a preheated 350 degrees F oven for 20 to 25 minutes, uncovered., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup stoneground yellow cornmeal, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 cup milk, 1 large egg, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, plus 2 tablespoons, 8 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, shredded, 12 cup diced roasted poblano peppers, 1 cup frozen corn kernels, thawed], title: Roasted Poblano Skillet Cornbread, picturelink: j0pMsj3DJlzArfG8pjET1FM9MXxvR6S}, 10495: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large saucepan. Cover and simmer 20 minutes. Remove cover and simmer an additional 35 minutes or until liquid is reduced to desired consistency. Serve warm with turkey or pork.nRecipe note: Compote may be made ahead of serving time. Cover and store in refrigerator. Reheat to a simmer for 10 minutes before serving.nGarnish with sprigs of fresh rosemary, if desired., ingredients: [1 can 16 ounces whole cranberry sauce, 3 cups cooking apples, cored, peeled and sliced about 3 medium, 1 12 cups red OR Asian pears, cored, peeled and sliced about 2 medium, 14 cup orange juice, 12 teaspoon Spice Islands Ground Saigon Cinnamon, 12 teaspoon Spice Islands Ground Ginger, 14 teaspoon Spice Islands Ground Cardamom], title: Warm Winter Fruit Compote, picturelink: GlxvE9PacOsZTxsfajZdi1uWQ7Mai}, 10496: {instructions: For the lemon thyme butter: Combine the butter, lemon thyme, parsley, salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Set aside.nFor the succotash: Heat the butter and oil in medium saute pan until golden brown. Add the onions and saute until tender, about 2 minutes. Add the corn and saute for 2 minutes. Add the beans and saute for 1 minute. Add the tomato, chives and parsley and cook until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nFor the snapper: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season the snapper with the salt and pepper. Heat the butter and oil in a large ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat until the butter turns golden brown. Reduce the heat to medium and place the snapper in the pan skinside down. Cook until the skin is crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip the snapper and cook for 1 minute more. Transfer the pan to the oven and bake until the snapper begins to flake and is firm to the touch, about 10 minutes. Place 1 tablespoon of the lemonthyme butter on each filet and return the pan to the oven for a few seconds to melt butter. Divide the succotash among 4 plates. Top each with a filet of snapper and drizzle on the melted butter., ingredients: [8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh lemon thyme, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped onion, 3 cups fresh sweet corn kernels, 1 cup cooked fresh beans, such as fava, pole or string beans, chopped, 12 cup chopped tomato, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, Four 7 to 8ounce snapper filets, skinon, cleaned and scales removed, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Sauteed Florida Snapper with Succotash and LemonThyme Butter, picturelink: null}, 10497: {instructions: Wash and dry the oxtails. Add the meat to a large bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss the meat in the flour until lightly coated.nAdd the olive oil to a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Brown the oxtails on all sides, in batches, until well browned. Transfer the meat to a plate and pour off some of the drippings, if necessary.nAdd the onions, carrots, celery, thyme, and garlic to the pot and saute until the onions are tender and beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the tomato paste and toast. Deglaze the pot with the bottle of red wine and stir up all the browned bits on the bottom of the pan. Stir in the beef broth, tomatoes with their juices and the bay leaves.nAdd the browned beef back into the pot along with any accumulated juices that may have collected on the plate. Bring the stew to a boil, then reduce the heat to a low simmer. Cover and cook until the beef is tender and falling off the bone, about 3 12 hours.nStir in the mushrooms and cook uncovered, for 30 minutes more. Taste for seasoning. Add salt and pepper, if needed, and stir in the red wine vinegar to brighten the flavor. Remove the meat from the pot and pull the meat off the bones, then add back to the pot. Discard the bones. Transfer the stew to a serving dish and serve hot over Buttered Noodles.nCook the noodles in a large pot of boiling salted water over medium heat, according to the package directions. Drain in a colander and set aside.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallot and garlic and saute until tender. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and melt. Stir in the chives, Parmesan and lemon.nAdd the noodles to the skillet and toss to combine. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [5 pounds meaty oxtails, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 carrots, cut into half moons, about 14inch thick, 2 stalks celery, cut into 14inch thick pieces, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 750 ml bottle dry red wine, 2 cups beef broth, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, with juice, 2 bay leaves, 8 ounces button mushrooms, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Buttered Noodles, recipe follows, for serving, 1 12ounce package wide egg noodles, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 small shallot, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced chives, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Ginas Oxtail Stew, picturelink: obyz9.8dCOuB3rd7fwZUN9XZNcp1X6O}, 10498: {instructions: Special equipment: A food processor, kitchen twine A mandolinenPlace the chicken breasts, 1 by 1, between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and pound with a meat mallet or rolling pin until about 12inch thick. Set aside.nStem the mushrooms and place the caps and stems separately in a food processor and process until finely chopped. Melt the butter in a mediumsized saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add the mushrooms. Cook until the mushrooms have released their liquid, and saute until all the liquid has evaporated. This is called a duxelle. Season well with the salt and pepper. Set aside.nSmear each chicken breast with some of the goat cheese and top with some of the duxelle. Roll the breast up and tie with the kitchen twine. Season with the salt and pepper. In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, heat the olive oil and sear the chicken on all sides. Continue to saute until the chicken is cooked through and golden brown, about 10 to 15 minutes. Allow to sit 5 minutes before removing the kitchen twine and slicing each rolled breast into 4 to 5 slices. Top with some of the remaining duxelle and several spoonfuls of the Mushroom Wine Sauce. Serve with the Sauteed Fingerling Potatoes, garnished with the chopped parsley.nPlace the shiitakes in a mixing bowl and add the boiling water. Allow to sit undisturbed 15 to 20 minutes, until the liquid is richly fragrant and has taken on the earthy flavor of the mushrooms. Strain and reserve the liquid. Discard the mushrooms or reserve for another use. In a small saute pan over mediumhigh heat, bring the mushroom liquid to a strong boil and reduce by half. Add the wine and chicken stock, reduce by 12 again. Remove from heat and add the butter, swirling the pan until the butter is incorporated and the sauce is glossy and shiny. Season with the salt and pepper.nUsing the mandoline or a knife, slice the potatoes into thin rounds of uniform thickness. Melt the butter in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat and saute the potatoes until cooked through with a golden, crispy crust. Season with the salt and pepper., ingredients: [6 skinless, boneless chicken breasts 10 ounces each, 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper, 6 ounces goat cheese, softened, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, 1 12 cups dried shiitake mushrooms, 14 cup white wine, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper], title: Goat CheeseMushroom Chicken Breasts, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 10499: {instructions: In a saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the carrots, shallots, garlic and ginger and sweat until very soft. Add the sherry and deglaze. Add the chicken stock, bring to a simmer and cook for 15 minutes. Using an immersion blender or food processor, puree the soup until smooth. Stir in the cream and season with salt and pepper. Keep warm on low heat.nHeat the oil in a medium pot to 350 degrees F. Sprinkle the pork with salt and pepper. Dredge in the flour and shake off the excess. Dip into the beaten egg, then in the AllBran cereal and set aside on a wire rack. Fry the pork cubes until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes.nTo serve, ladle the soup into a bowl and garnish with 3 pork croutons. Have more croutons on a side plate for those who would like more., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 carrots, peeled and diced, 2 shallots, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 3 tablespoons cooking sherry, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups vegetable oil, 1 pork tenderloin, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 4 large eggs, beaten, 4 cups AllBran cereal], title: Carrot Ginger Soup with Kelloggsandreg AllBranandreg Crusted Pork Tenderloin Croutons, picturelink: Ol3jArdWMpD4xK7r6AnoLOFmOlIomaC}}