{900: {instructions: For the dressing, crumble half the Roquefort cheese, the mayonnaise, heavy cream, vinegar, salt and pepper in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade and process until combined but still chunky.nArrange the lettuce leaves on a platter and place the tomatoes on top. Pour the dressing over the tomatoes. Crumble the remaining Roquefort and sprinkle it over lettuce and tomatoes., ingredients: [12 pound Roquefort cheese, divided, 1 cup good mayonnaise, 13 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons tarragon wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 heads green lettuce, washed and spun dry, 3 pounds heirloom tomatoes, mixed colors and sizes, sliced], title: Green Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: null}, 901: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the ranch dressing: Place the mayonnaise, sour cream, buttermilk, vinegar, mustard, chives, parsley and garlic in a bowl whisk until completely combined. Refrigerate, covered, until ready to serve.nFor the salad: In a large bowl, toss the asparagus, lettuce, spinach, watercress, shallots and tomatoes together. Season with salt and pepper. Drizzle with ranch dressing and serve., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon thinly sliced chives, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped fresh parsley, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 2 bunches pencilthin asparagus, woody ends trimmed, stalks cut on the bias into 12inch pieces 3 to 4 cups, 3 cups spring lettuce mix, 3 cups baby spinach, stems removed, 1 cup watercress, 2 shallots, thinly sliced into rounds, 1 pint grape or cherry tomatoes multicolor if available, halved, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spring Greens Salad with Traditional Ranch Dressing, picturelink: MIA4X.bguJKoGRdEIrhXoDl0SF2zce}, 902: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Layer a large ovenproof baking dish with about 14 of the tomato sauce. In a medium bowl mix the ricotta with the egg, salt, and pepper. Spread the ricotta on the Crepe in a straight line, fold edges of crepes over. Place in pan, flap side up. Put a thin slice of mozzarella on each manicotti. Pour tomato sauce over all. Bake at 375 degrees for 30 minutes. Serve.nIn a medium bowl whisk eggs and water until smooth. Add flour, 14 cup at a time, and stir until smooth. Heat 6inch skillet on medium heat. Grease skillet lightly. Ladle about 3 tablespoons of batter in skillet and spread it around. Cook until firm, but not brown. Flip crepes out and cool on a paper towel., ingredients: [2 to 3 cups tomato sauce, 1 pound ricotta, 1 egg, Salt and pepper, to taste, Crepes, recipe follows, 1 12 pounds mozzarella, 1 cup of cold water, 3 large eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour], title: Manicotti, picturelink: null}, 903: {instructions: Heat the oil in saucepot over mediumhigh heat, then add the bacon and render 2 minutes. Add the carrots, celery, garlic, bay leaf and onions. Partially cover and cook to soften the vegetables, 10 minutes. Add the beans, tomatoes, parsley and consomme, and simmer over low heat to combine the flavors and thicken a bit, 15 to 20 minutes. Season the sauce with salt and pepper.nCool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over mediumlow heat, adding stock or water to thin the sauce out if too thick.nTo serve, heat a pot of water to a boil. Salt the water and cook the pasta to al dente. Reserve a cup of the starchy cooking water just before draining pasta and add to the sauce. Drain the pasta and combine with bean ragu. Serve in shallow bowls with a drizzle of olive oil and top with grated cheese.nBring a few inches of water to a boil. Cut an X into the bottom of the tomatoes with a sharp pairing knife. Once the water comes to a boil, simmer the tomatoes for 1 minute. Place the tomatoes in an ice bath to cool and peel the skins away using the pairing knife., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more to drizzle, 2 to 3 slices bacon, finely chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped, 2 to 3 small ribs celery, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 onion, chopped, 2 to 3 cups cooked white or pink beans, 2 large Peeled Tomatoes, recipe below, chopped or one 14 to 15ounce can plum tomatoes, chopped, A few sprigs fresh parsley with stems, chopped, One 12ounce can beef consomme or beef broth, Salt and pepper, 1 pound linguini, Grated Pecorino, for passing, 4 large ripe tomatoes], title: Bean Ragu with Linguini, picturelink: null}, 904: {instructions: 1 cup yellow onionsjuliennedn2 tablespoons olive oiln3 roasted poblano peppers, peeled, seeded, and sliced into 18inch piecesn1 cup button mushrooms, quarteredn34 cups zucchini, diced to 14inchn1 tablespoon roasted garlicn12 cup Yukon gold potatoes, diced 14inchn2 red bell peppersn2 yellow bell peppers, peeled, seeded, and sliced like rajasn1 tablespoon toasted oregano leavesn2 teaspoons epazote, chopped finen2 teaspoons hoja santa, chopped finenSalt and black peppernVegetable mix: In a large pan over high heat, saute the onions in the olive oil until translucent, then add the poblano and the mushrooms, saute on high until the mushrooms are soft and edible. Add the zucchini and saute until the zucchini are no longer crunchy when you taste them. Add the rest of the ingredients then season and set aside to cool.nEnchilada Assembly: Put a small amount of olive oil in a pan and saute the spinach on high for one minute or until wilted, then set aside. Warm the tortillas to make them flexible. Fill the tortillas with vegetable mixture and roll them up. Cut the enchiladas in half and set on an oven proof plate. Cover the enchiladas with both chile sauces and a liberal amount of cheese. Place the plate in the oven or the salamander until the cheese melts., ingredients: [Olive oil, 1 cup spinach, 2 flour tortillas, 1 cup Monterey Jack cheese, Green and red chile sauces], title: Vegetarian Enchilada, picturelink: tBvmMRQW7BoPWhaL0fN3ZR04P9kgjgS}, 905: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Whisk together the mayonnaise, lemon juice and cayenne in a small bowl, and season with 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper set aside.nLay the Canadian bacon flat on a baking sheet. Generously spread both English muffin halves with the butter, sprinkle with some salt and pepper and transfer to the baking sheet. Bake until the muffins start to crisp and the bacon is fragrant, about 10 minutes. Top the bacon evenly with the spinach, and continue baking until the spinach is wilted and the muffins are nicely browned, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Crack the egg in the skillet, sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook until the egg white is set and crispy on the bottom and edges and the yolk is still runny, 2 to 3 minutes.nArrange 1 spinachtopped slice of Canadian bacon on 1 English muffin half, top with the egg, drizzle with the mayonnaise mixture and top with the remaining spinachtopped bacon slice and muffin half., ingredients: [2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 18 teaspoon cayenne, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 slices Canadian bacon, 1 sandwichsize English muffin, split, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup loosely packed baby spinach leaves, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 large egg], title: Hangover Easy Eggs Benedict Sandwich, picturelink: be.GUosrupzyzAJVWOerX8fxkUGBD5i}, 906: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nScore the fish with a paring knife by making several 1inch slits in the skin on each side, being careful not to cut in too deep. Put the fish on a dish and drizzle with the lemon juice and 12 of the oil. Press the garlic into the score marks. Rub the spice mix all over the inside and outside of the fish. Cover with plastic wrap, and allow it to marinate in the fridge for one hour. Heat a skillet large enough to hold the whole fish over high heat until it is almost smoking. Carefully pour the remaining oil into the pan and let it heat. Place the fish in the pan, sear it well on both sides, and then place it in the oven for about 7 minutes, or until the fish flakes easily. Transfer the fish to a serving platter.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl., ingredients: [1 to 2 pounds whole white fish, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 4 tablespoons Moroccan Spice mix, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper], title: Moroccan Spiced White Fish, picturelink: null}, 907: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the nuts and corn syrup in a 2quart heavybottomed saucepan and place over low heat to liquify the corn syrup. Heat the mixture until the corn syrup is thin enough to coat the nuts evenly, 3 to 4 minutes.nRemove the saucepan from the heat. Using a large slotted spoon, allow the excess corn syrup to drain as you scoop the coated nuts onto a parchment papercovered baking sheet. Be sure to spread them in an even layer so they will roast evenly in the oven.nBake until they are evenly caramelized, 15 to 20 minutes. To test for doneness, you can also break a nut in half and check to see if it is light brown on the inside. Keep an eye on the nuts because the sugar will burn very soon after it caramelizes. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and place on a wire rack. When the nuts are completely cooled, break apart any that are clustered together.nFill a cornet halfway with bittersweet chocolate. Pipe a chocolate circle 1 12 inches in diameter onto a parchment papercovered baking sheet. If you do not have a cornet, you can use a spoon drop a spoonful of the chocolate onto the parchment paper and spread it into a 1 12inch diameter circle with the back of the spoon. In either case, keep the thickness of the circle as even as possible. Make about 10 circles, then create your own design as you top each circle with the cocoa nibs, roasted nuts, and candied fruit. Work quickly, or the chocolate will set before youve accomplished this. If the nuts and fruit do not stick to the chocolate, lightly dip them in the bowl of tempered chocolate and glue them to the top of the disk. Repeat the process until you have used all of the bittersweet chocolate, nuts, and candied fruit.nSet the Mendiants aside to harden until ready to serve. Serve side by side rather than in a pile. Store the Mendiants in an airtight container at room temperature for up to one week.nHow to Temper ChocolateFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres:nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes.nHow to Make a CornetFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres:nThe Cornet: A cornet is a small piping bag made from parchment paper. It is usually used to make fine decorations.nCut an 8 by 12 by 14 12inch triangle from a sheet of parchment paper. Hold the middle of the long side of the triangle between two fingers of one hand. Take the tip of the triangle on the short, wide end and roll it toward the other tip of that same end while simultaneously pulling it in an upward motion. The tip of a cone will form where your thumb and finger hold it on the long side.nRelease your grip from the long side, so that you are now holding the two corners where they meet. The paper will already resemble a partially formed cone. Roll the remaining tail until it is completely rolled into a cone. There will be one point sticking up from the open end. Fold it inside toward the center, and crease the fold. Now you should have a cornet. To close the cornet once it has been filled, fold it away from the seam this will keep the seam from opening. Use a pair of scissors or a sharp paring knife to cut an opening at the tip of the cornet to the desired size., ingredients: [1 cup assorted nuts, chopped, 14 cup light corn syrup, 11 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 1 cup cocoa nibs, 13 cup assorted candied fruit, diced], title: Mendiants, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 908: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, combine the milk, eggs, and butter. With a wooden spoon, stir the wet ingredients into the dry until most of the lumps are dissolved. Dont overmix Mix in 2 cups of the grated Cheddar, the scallions and jalapenos, and allow the mixture to sit at room temperature for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 13 by 2inch baking pan.nPour the batter into the prepared pan, smooth the top, and sprinkle with the remaining grated Cheddar and extra chopped scallions. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool and cut into large squares. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 cups milk, 3 extralarge eggs, lightly beaten, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted, plus extra to grease the pan, 8 ounces aged extrasharp Cheddar, grated, divided, 13 cup chopped scallions, white and green parts, plus extra for garnish, 3 scallions, 3 tablespoons seeded and minced fresh jalapeno peppers], title: Jalapeno Cheddar Cornbread, picturelink: KY5NqkRX6JnV0zXu6pReMGoEWNMheAC}, 909: {instructions: Brine the chicken: Combine 1 can of beer, the salt, granulated sugar, hot sauce and bay leaves in a very large bowl and whisk until the salt and sugar dissolve. Add the remaining 2 cans of beer, 4 cups water and the chicken. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nMake the barbecue sauce: Combine the orange juice, vinegar, onion, garlic, ketchup, brown sugar, honey, Worcestershire sauce and chili powder in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 20 minutes. Let cool slightly, then puree in a blender until smooth. The sauce can be made up to 1 day ahead cover and refrigerate.nPreheat a grill to medium low and brush the grates with vegetable oil. Remove the chicken from the brine and pat dry with paper towels. Lightly season the chicken with salt, then arrange on the grill, skinside up. Cover and cook until marked, about 12 minutes per side. Continue cooking, flipping and basting the chicken with the barbecue sauce every 3 to 4 minutes keep covered in between, until a thermometer inserted into the center of a breast registers 165 degrees F, about 15 more minutes. Transfer to a platter and let rest 5 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 12ounce cans amber or bock beer, 13 cup kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling, 13 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 4 bay leaves, 6 pounds assorted skinon, bonein chicken pieces, Juice of 2 large oranges, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 small onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 13 cup ketchup, 13 cup packed dark brown sugar, 13 cup honey, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon chili powder, Vegetable oil, for the grill], title: BeerBrined Barbecue Chicken, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 910: {instructions: Make the dough. Sift both flours together on a large work surface and make a well in the center. Place the eggs, olive oil and a pinch of salt in a bowl, then pour into the well with a fork, break up the eggs, then gradually mix the wet ingredients into the flour mixture just until combined.nKnead by hand. Gather the dough into 2 equalsize balls flour the surface. To knead each piece, push the dough away from you with the heel of your hand, fold the dough over itself and turn it counterclockwise. Continue pushing, folding and turning until the dough is smooth and elastic, 4 to 5 minutes.nRest the dough. Pat each piece into a ball. Flatten slightly, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or overnight. You can freeze 1 ball for later, or roll out both and freeze the cut pasta.nRoll out the dough. Place the dough on a lightly floured surface and dust with flour. Starting in the middle, push away from you with a rolling pin, easing up on the pressure as you approach the edge. Continue rolling the dough into a sheet, turning occasionally, until you can see your fingers through the bottom. Let dry about 10 minutes.nCut the pappardelle. Dust the top of the sheet of dough with flour and loosely roll it into a cylinder. Using a sharp knife, cut into 34inchwide slices. Unwrap the noodles dust with semolina and gently toss to separate. Place on a sheet pan and cover with a tea towel until ready to cook or freeze in freezer bags for up to 2 months.nPhotograph by James Baigrie, ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup semolina flour, plus more for dusting, 6 large eggs, at room temperature, 4 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt], title: Homemade Pappardelle, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 911: {instructions: Cut apricots into quarters. Cover with water and let soak overnight, refrigerated or put into saucepan, cover with water and simmer until tender. Chop the peaches into bitesize pieces. Drain most of the water from apricots and put in a saucepan. Add the peaches, sugar, and spices and bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat. Simmer until thickened. Add a little flour if needed for thickening. Line the bottom and sides of a Dutch oven with pie dough. Roll out the top crust and cut into strips. Pour the hot filling into the Dutch oven, over the crust. Lay strips of crust across the top. Brush the top with beaten egg or cream if you have it, and sprinkle with sugar. Put the lid on the Dutch oven and set to bake over medium coals top and bottom. Turn the Dutch oven and lid every 10 minutes or so, or it will scorch. Add more coals if needed until pie is light brown. Remove from coals and let cool until ready to serve., ingredients: [3 cups dried apricots, 1 pound canned peaches, 1 cup sugar, plus extra sugar, for sprinkling, Dash ground cinnamon, Dash ground nutmeg, Pie dough for a large, double crust pie, 1 egg, beaten], title: Apricot, Peach Dessert, picturelink: null}, 912: {instructions: Combine the vanilla ice cream, chocolate ice cream, cola and milk in a blender. Blend until smooth. Serve in tall glasses., ingredients: [4 scoops vanilla ice cream, 2 scoops chocolate ice cream, 12 cup cola, cold, 14 cup milk], title: Cola Milkshake, picturelink: null}, 913: {instructions: Heat 4 cups of the milk in a large saucepan over medium heat until steaming.nWhisk the sugar, cornstarch and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Whisk in the egg yolks and the remaining 12 cup milk.nWhisk half of the hot milk into the egg mixture until smooth, then gradually whisk the eggmilk mixture into the saucepan. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture boils. Continue to cook, whisking constantly, until it has thickened to a puddinglike consistency, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla extract.nCool slightly, stirring a few times to prevent a skin from forming. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on top of the pudding and refrigerate until completely cooled and thickened, about 4 hours.nBefore serving, whisk the pudding vigorously until smooth and creamy. Gently fold in the grapes, peanuts and peanut butter chips. Spoon the pudding into six to eight individual cups and top each with a single whole grape., ingredients: [4 12 cups whole milk, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup cornstarch, Kosher salt, 5 large egg yolks, beaten, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup red grapes, quartered lengthwise, plus 6 to 8 whole grapes for garnish, 13 cup roasted peanuts, roughly chopped, 13 cup peanut butter chips See Cooks Note], title: Peanut Butter and Jelly Pudding, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 914: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the avocado chicken layer: Add the buttermilk, lime juice and avocados to a bowl. Mash the avocado until everything is combined. Fold in the chicken, bacon, chives and scallions. Season with salt and set aside.nFor the pimento cheese layer: Add the Cheddar, mayonnaise and pimento to a bowl and stir to thoroughly combine. Set aside.nFor the ham salad layer: Add the ham, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, pickles, celery, scallions, onion, jalapeno and some salt and pepper to a bowl. Stir to combine and set aside.nFor the ranch frosting: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, or using an electric hand mixer, mix the cream cheese until the cubes have combined. Add the buttermilk, white wine vinegar, garlic and grated onion and stir to combine.nTo assemble: Add desired layers between each bread layer. Spread a crumb coat of the ranch frosting to seal the cake, then add another layer of frosting to cover the cake. Decorate as desired with various toppings., ingredients: [Avocado Chicken Club:, 14 to 12 cup buttermilk, Juice of 2 limes, 2 avocados, 1 rotisserie chicken, shredded, 4 slices cooked bacon, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 3 scallions white and green parts, sliced, Kosher salt, Pimento Cheese:, 2 cups grated Cheddar, 12 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons chopped pimento, Ham Salad:, 1 pound deli ham, processed in food processor, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 6 bread and butter pickles, minced, 2 stalks celery, minced, 2 scallions white and green parts, minced, 1 small red onion, minced, 1 pickled jalapeno, seeded and minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Ranch Frosting:, 3 pounds cubed cream cheese, 12 to 34 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp, 1 tablespoon grated onion, 1 pain de mie, crusts removed and sliced horizontally into 4 pieces, Toppings: sliced radishes, cucumber flowers, carrot flowers, sliced hardboiled eggs, tomato flowers, parsley leaves, dill leaves, chives, etc.], title: Smorgastarta, picturelink: oEtuAyGUe8s0NW5.mmsseIncNFMFku}, 915: {instructions: Pulse all of the ingredients in a food processor until smooth. Pour into a covered container and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [1 scallion, green and white parts, chopped, 1 cup aioli, storebought, 3 tablespoons wholegrain Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Hot sauce, to taste, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Remoulade Sauce, picturelink: null}, 916: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350u00b0F.nBEAT together shortening, butter, brown sugar, egg and vanilla in medium bowl until light and fluffy. Mix in flour, baking soda and salt.nSHAPE dough into 1inch balls or use small cookie scoop. Place 2inches apart on ungreased baking sheet.nBAKE 12 to 14 minutes or until golden brown. Remove to cooling rack after 1 minute., ingredients: [1 large egg, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 tsp. baking soda, 12 cup Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening, 12 cup butter, 1 14 cups firmly packed brown sugar, 14 tsp. salt], title: Brown Sugar Cookies, picturelink: tGjCP3h9ee1NHYGxOUzVueoVwHk7QyC}, 917: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to boil. Cook pasta 7 to 8 minutes or until tender but still firm to the bite. Meanwhile, whisk milk and cornstarch together in a nonreactive saucepan. Slowly bring this mixture to a simmer, whisking constantly over medium heat. Stir in 34 of the cheese into sauce and reduce heat to low. Stir constantly until cheese melts, about 1 minute. Add remaining cheese, remove pan from heat and let cheese melt by the heat of the sauce. Season with Worcester sauce, salt, and cayenne pepper. Drain and dry pasta and transfer to a serving dish. Toss hot pasta with most of the ham, spoon sauce over hot pasta and serve immediately. Garnish with remaining ham., ingredients: [12 pound elbow macaroni, 12 pound sharp cheddar cheese, 2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, Salt and cayenne pepper, 1 cup finely diced smoked ham], title: Monday to Friday New Fashioned Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 918: {instructions: Mix flour, salt, and pepper in a large bowl with hands. Rinse gator and drain water. Dip in flour mixture. Shake off excess flour. Heat 12inch vegetable oil in a deep frying pan to 350 degrees F. Drop the floured gator in pan and fry for 5 minutes or until golden brown. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon coarse pepper, 1 pound gator meat, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Gator Tail, picturelink: null}, 919: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove outer membrane from the testicles and slice into 1inch disks. Toss into flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, and shake of any excess. In a large oven proof skillet add canola oil and heat until it gets to the smoking point. Add garlic and onions and saute until cooked, tossing quickly so as not to burn the garlic. Remove from pan and set aside.nIn the same pan with the oil residue, add the butter and place the disks of the testicles, flat side down, into the hot skillet. Cook until golden brown on both sides. Add the wine, stir in tomato paste until well incorporated, then add back the sauteed onion and garlic mixture. As the dish cooks it will thicken because of the flour dusting on the testicles. Continue to cook on top of the range for about 15 minutes, then place the pan into the preheated oven for another 30 minutes or until testicles are tender. Remove from oven and adjust seasoning. Let rest for approximately 10 minutes so flavor enhances. Garnish with chopped herbs and crispy bread., ingredients: [2 pounds large bulls testicles, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 18 cup canola oil, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 2 cups sliced white onions, 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 bottle red wine, 18 cup tomato paste, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped chives, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 crispy French bread baguette, sliced and toasted], title: Rocky Mountain Oyster Stew, picturelink: null}, 920: {instructions: Carefully remove the zest from the lemons using a microplane or rasp grater, being careful not to remove any of the white pith. Reserve the lemons to make lemonade or squeeze and freeze the juice for later use.nPut the lemon zest into a lidded glass container that is at least 2quarts in size. Pour the vodka over the zest, and let sit in a cool dark place for 7 days.nAfter 7 days, strain the liquid through a fine mesh strainer lined with muslin or several layers of cheesecloth and return the vodka to the container.nCombine the water and sugar in a small saucepan set over high heat and cook, stirring continually, until the sugar is completely dissolved, approximately 3 minutes. Once completely cool, add the sugar syrup to the vodka, and stir to combine.nCover and put the container in the freezer for at least 4 hours. Limoncello can be stored in the freezer for up to a year., ingredients: [2 pounds lemons, about 8 to 10, 750 ml vodka, 100 proof, 23 cup water, 23 cup sugar], title: Limoncello, picturelink: null}, 921: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook as the label directs, adding the edamame during the last 3 minutes of cooking. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain the noodles and edamame.nMeanwhile, puree the garlic, ginger, Sriracha, 12 tablespoon vegetable oil and 2 tablespoons water in a blender. Mix the lime juice, soy sauce and sesame oil in a small bowl.nHeat the remaining 1 12 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Pat the shrimp dry and season with salt add to the pan and cook, turning, until just pink, 2 minutes. Add the Sriracha mixture and cook, stirring occasionally, until the shrimp are cooked through, about 2 more minutes. Add the soy sauce mixture, noodles and edamame, herbs and the reserved cooking water and toss. Divide among bowls and drizzle with more sesame oil., ingredients: [10 ounces soba buckwheat noodles, 1 10ounce package frozen shelled edamame, 1 clove garlic, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 12 teaspoons Sriracha Asian chile sauce, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Juice of 1 lime or lemon, 2 teaspoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons sesame oil, plus more for drizzling optional, 12 pound medium or large shrimp, peeled and deveined, Kosher salt, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro andor scallions], title: Asian Noodles with Shrimp and Edamame, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 922: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nToss the kiwis, tomatoes, scallions and cilantro together in a medium bowl. Stir in the lime juice, 1 tablespoon of the oil, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. If the kiwis are very tart, add the sugar. Set aside.nMix the remaining 1 teaspoon oil with the cumin, chipotle and 12 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil and mist with nonstick cooking spray. Place the salmon, skin side down, evenly spaced on the pan and brush with the spice mixture. Broil until just cooked through, about 5 minutes.nTransfer the salmon with a spatula to 4 dinner plates, lightly sprinkle with salt and top with the relish and its juices., ingredients: [2 ripe kiwis, peeled and diced about 34 cup, 1 small vineripe tomato, diced about 12 cup, 1 scallion white and green parts, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon sugar, optional, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon ground chipotle powder, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the foil, Four 6ounce salmon fillets], title: Broiled Spiced Salmon with Fruit Relish, picturelink: null}, 923: {instructions: For the Rice Salad:nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the almonds in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake for 5 to 6 minutes until lightly golden. Cool completely, about 15 minutesnIn a medium saucepan, bring the chicken stock, salt and oil to a boil over mediumhigh heat Stir in the rice. Cover the saucepan, reduce the heat, and simmer until all the liquid has been absorbed and the rice is tender, about 40 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and let sit for 5 minutes. Using a fork, fluff the rice and place in a large serving bowl. Add the parsley, orange zest, half of the lemon zest, green onions, and 14 cup of the almonds. Toss well.nFor the Vinaigrette:nIn a blender, combine the olive oil, orange juice, lemon juice, soy sauce, honey, and cumin. Blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPour the vinaigrette over the rice mixture and stir well. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish with the remaining lemon zest and almonds., ingredients: [12 cup sliced almonds, 4 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups brown basmati rice, rinsed, 34 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 medium orange, zested, 1 lemon, zested, 1 cup thinly sliced green onions, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice about 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Citrus Rice Salad, picturelink: null}, 924: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine a large mug with a few sheets of paper towel. Lay the bacon in the mug, cover with another piece of paper towel and microwave on high power for 1 minute. Using the edges of the paper towel, lift the bacon from the mug and set aside.nScoop the hash browns into the mug, pressing them down and up the sides to form a well. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave on high power for 1 minute.nAdd the eggs, milk and a pinch of salt and pepper to the mug and whisk together, leaving the hash browns in place. Tear the bacon and cheese into bitesize pieces and drop them into the egg mixture. Microwave on high power for 2 minutes, pausing after 1 minute to give the mixture a quick stir., ingredients: [2 slices bacon, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon frozen hash browns, thawed, 2 medium eggs, 1 tablespoon milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 slices American cheese], title: Cheesy Bacon, Eggs and Hash Browns in a Mug, picturelink: 2xVAXFeKPpvWFzQvCTfuH.3j0w5ZXjS}, 925: {instructions: Combine melon liqueur and prosecco in a champagne flute. Next wrap a melon ball with a thin slice of proscutto, and skewer it with a cocktail pick. Lay the meat garnish atop the bubbly beverage,hold with one pinkie extended in the air as if you are refined and toast your new favorite cocktail. Sip, bite, repeat., ingredients: [2 oz. Melon liqueur, 4 oz. Prosecco, proscuttowrapped melon ball], title: Melon Baller, picturelink: null}, 926: {instructions: Start the first group of ingredients: Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in 2 batches, add the beef and chili powder and cook, stirring occasionally, until well browned. Drain the beef.nTransfer the beef to a large soup pot with the onion, garlic, and broth. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour.nAdd the second group of ingredients, return to a simmer, and cook, stirring occasionally, and for 1 hour.nAdd the third group of ingredients, return to a simmer, and cook, stirring occasionally, for 45 minutes.nAdd the fourth group of ingredients and simmer 15 minutes more. Divide among bowls and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 34 pounds tritip sirloin, cut into 14inch cubes, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 34 cup finely chopped onion, 5 medium cloves garlic, pressed into a paste, 1 14 12ounce can chicken broth, 2 canned whole green chiles, seeded and finely chopped, 1 cup beef broth, 12 cup prepared Mexicanstyle tomato sauce, 12 cup prepared tomato sauce, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 12 cup Californiastyle chili powder, 2 14 tablespoons New Mexicostyle chili powder, 1 14 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon arbol chili powder, 12 teaspoon New Mexicostyle chili powder, 14 teaspoon monosodium glutamate, Pinch brown sugar, Pinch jalapeno powder], title: Swick and Swick World Championship Chili, picturelink: null}, 927: {instructions: Place watercress, strawberries, almonds and shallots in a large salad bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together vinegar, honey and salt whisk in olive oil until smooth and uniform. Pour vinaigrette over salad and toss gently. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups trimmed watercress, 1 cup sliced strawberries, 12 cup sliced almonds, roasted, 4 shallots, sliced thinly, or 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup olive oil], title: Watercress, Strawberry and Almond Salad with Balsamic Honey Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 928: {instructions: Chop up the ingredients and put everything in the blender or food processor until it is blended., ingredients: [1 whole garlic head, 1 tablespoon oregano, 34 cup white distilled vinegar, 1 whole onion, whatever kind you prefer, 2 whole green bell peppers, 1 whole red bell pepper, 12 cilantro stalk], title: Sazon, picturelink: null}, 929: {instructions: For the vinaigrette:nMix the wine, lemon juice, honey, mustard, salt, and pepper in a blender. With the machine running gradually blend in the oil. Season the vinaigrette to taste with more salt and pepper, if desired.nFor the salad:nIn a large bowl combine the arugula, endive, and walnuts. Toss with 14 cup of the vinaigrette to coat and adding more vinaigrette, if desired. Serve immediately. Any remaining vinaigrette can be saved in an airtight container in the refrigerator for 3 days and should be brought up to room temperature before using., ingredients: [2 tablespoons white wine, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces arugula, 2 heads of endive, chopped, 13 cup toasted walnuts], title: Arugula Endive Salad with White Wine Vinaigrette, picturelink: JdUvPB3CF3e.AolLlOmD1zSaKcuwOK}, 930: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a trussing needle kitchen stringnPlace a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLay the racks of pork on a cutting board with the ribs curving upward. Cut 12inch deep slits in the meat between each rib bone. Stand the racks up back to back, fat sides touching, with the meatysides down and the concave curve of the ribs facing upward.nThread a trussing needle with kitchen string and use it to pierce between the upper third of the two last rib bone ends and tie them together repeat in the lower third of the last two rib bone ends to tie them together. Repeat on the other end of the racks. Shape the tied meat into an oval, bending where the slits are, to make a crown. Tie a string around the entire meaty bottom of the pork below the other two ties, securing the racks together so they hold their shape.nTransfer the pork to a roasting pan or lowsided braiser. Rub the pork with the olive oil and season with the rosemary, salt and pepper. Fill the center of the roast with Chestnut and Sausage Stuffing, then transfer to the oven.nRoast the pork until the internal temperature in the thickest part of the meat reads 140 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 1 hour 45 minutes,. Transfer to a cutting board or serving platter and let rest for 20 minutes. Pull out all the string ties, then carve into chops and serve with the stuffing.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the bread pieces in a single layer on a baking sheet and toast until lightly golden and dry, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a large mixing bowl.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, cook the sausage until browned and no pink remains, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, celery, fennel and onions to the sausage pan. Add the butter and some salt and pepper. Stir to combine the vegetables and cook until they are softened, 8 to 10 minutes. Next, add the parsley, sage and thyme.nIn the mixing bowl with the golden bread chunks, add the chestnuts and chicken broth. Add the sausage mixture and stir to combine. If filling the crown roast of pork, the stuffing is ready to use at this point.nAlternately, butter a 2quart casserole dish and spoon the stuffing into the dish. Cover the dish with foil and bake until golden brown, 30 minutes., ingredients: [Two 8chop racks of pork about 5 pounds each, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups Chestnut and Sausage Stuffing, recipe follows, One 1pound loaf country white bread, cut or torn into 1inch pieces, 1 pound bulk Italian pork sausage, 4 cloves garlic, smashed and roughly chopped, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 medium bulb fennel, diced, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus additional for buttering casserole dish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 cups jarred whole roasted and peeled chestnuts, roughly chopped, 2 12 cups chicken broth], title: Crown Roast of Pork with Chestnut Sausage Stuffing, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 931: {instructions: Melt chocolate in the cream over a double boiler or in a fondue pot then stir in remaining ingredients. Serve with pieces of fresh or dried fruit and pound or angel food cake for dipping., ingredients: [12 ounces semisweet dark chocolate, 3 ounces heavy cream, 2 ounces Kirsch or cherry brandy, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Pinch salt], title: ChocolateCherry Fundue, picturelink: null}, 932: {instructions: Combine the chickpeas, water, cheese, lemon juice, salt and red pepper flakes in a food processor and puree until completely smooth, about 5 minutes. While the motor is running, pour in the olive oil and process until fully incorporated and velvety. Season with pepper, to taste.nSpoon a scant tablespoon bean spread into toasted pitas. Put remaining bean spread in an airtight container. Add avocado and cucumber slices, or other vegetables of choice and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Wrap in parchment or butcher paper, and pack in a plastic container to keep from getting squished. Pack in a lunch box and send to school., ingredients: [1 15ounce can chickpeas or white beans, rinsed and drained, 1 to 2 tablespoons water, 14 cup grated manchego or pecorino romano cheese, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, Pinch red pepper flakes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 ripe Hass avocado, pitted and sliced, 1 small cucumber, sliced or 12 bell pepper, seeded and sliced, 10 to 12 wholewheat pita minis 3 inches, lightly toasted], title: VeggieStack Pita Pockets, picturelink: l3ajiYjmWA3Z8vLvUcYYt74vJ35j0ca}, 933: {instructions: Bring the wine to a simmer in a double boiler. Add the mozzarella and Jack cheese and stir until melted. Add the remaining ingredients and cook for 5 minutes. Place in a fondue pot and serve with flour tortillas and blue corn chips., ingredients: [1 cup white wine, 12 pound mozzarella cheese, grated, 12 pound Monterey Jack, grated, 12 pound goat cheese crumbled, 2 poblano peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and finely chopped, 14 pound Spanish chorizo, grilled and finely diced, 6 cloves roasted garlic, smashed to a paste, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Queso Fundido, picturelink: null}, 934: {instructions: Pick through the rice to remove any stones or foreign matter, but do not wash it before cooking.nUsing a large skillet with a heavy bottom, heat the olive oil over low heat and saute or sweat the onions until translucent, being careful not to allow them to color or brown at all.nAdd the Arborio rice, stir to coat with the olive oil, and saute with the onions to toast each grain of rice, about 7 minutes. This toasting process adds the chewy, al dente quality that attracts so many people to risotto.nOnce the rice is lightly toasted, add the white wine slowly, stirring with a wooden spoon. A wooden spoon is always preferable when making risotto, as a metal spoon tends to cut or injure the grains of rice. Constant stirring should be avoided for the same reason.nPreheat the chicken stock just to the boiling point, then have it ready at stoveside. After the rice has absorbed the white wine and the skillet is nearly dry, add 1 cup stock, stirring occasionally, and cook over very low heat until the stock is absorbed. Continue adding the stock, 1 cup at a time, until all the stock has been absorbed.nAdding the liquid in stages, instead of all at once, allows the grains of rice to expand more fully, adding to the risottos creamy texture. Once the rice has been added to the pan, the entire cooking process will take about 17 to 20 minutes.nAfter all of the liquid has been added and the rice is chewy yet fully cooked, with a creamy texture, add the butter, Parmesan, and heavy cream. Stir to combine all the ingredients and serve immediately. Variations: Sauteed shrimp Mixed seafood such as salmon, shrimp, and scallops sauteed in olive oil and herbs Diced fresh vegetables, steamed or sauteed in olive oil asparagus and carrots make a wonderful combination Fresh green peas in season Sauteed mushrooms and herbs Roasted Garlic, ingredients: [1 large onion, peeled and finely diced, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 12 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 cup Arborio rice, 2 tablespoons pure olive oil], title: Basic Risotto and Several Variations, picturelink: null}, 935: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.nCombine the coconut, lemon curd, egg whites and salt with a spatula in a medium bowl until a uniform consistency.nRoll generous tablespoons of the mixture into egg shapes, setting them bigside down onto the prepared baking sheets. Repeat with the rest of the mix. Bake until the bottom and a few of the coconut frays turn deep golden brown, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, cut the jelly beans in half lengthwise and set aside.nRemove the macaroons from the oven and let them cool enough to handle, but are still warm, about 5 minutes.nTake one of the jelly bean halves and pinch an end to make a pointed beak. Hold the point, shinyside up, and push the rounded end into the side of a macaroon. Push 2 mini chocolate chips, peakside in, into the macaroon on either side of the beak for eyes. Repeat with the rest of the macaroons and serve., ingredients: [One 14ounce bag sweetened coconut flakes, 14 cup prepared lemon curd, 4 large egg whites, Pinch fine salt, 15 small orange andor yellow jelly beans, 60 mini chocolate chips about 2 tablespoons], title: Lemon Macaroon Chicks, picturelink: eQyzpVt3vvvi9lWSuZTBl0DXpbH05S}, 936: {instructions: Juice the pineapple first. Add the filtered water to flush the juice through. Put the pineapple juice in the blender with the banana. Start on a low setting while you add the strawberries. Pour into a tall glass. Pour the wheatgrass into the glass. Enjoy., ingredients: [6 slices pineapple, 3 ounces filtered water, 1 banana, peeled, 6 fresh or frozen strawberries, 1ounce wheatgrass juice], title: Strawberry Fields, picturelink: null}, 937: {instructions: Pour the egg yolks into a bowl and mix with the garlic, mustard, and some of the lime juice.nAdjust the seasonings with salt, and pepper and, using an electric hand mixer or whisk, beat the ingredients and gradually start to add the oil, one drop at a time. Keep adding the oil until the mixture thickens, and emulsifies. If the mayonnaise looks like it might split or break, add a spoonful or so of warm water and stir it in. This usually brings it back. If you find that your mayonnaise is too thick, add a little more warm water until you achieve the desired consistency.nStir in the chile, including the seeds adding a few seeds at a time, depending on the desired heat, the cilantro, and the rest of the lime juice, to taste., ingredients: [2 egg yolks, lightly beaten, 1 large clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 cups sunflower, groundnut peanut or light olive oil, 1 red chile, seeded and shredded, 1 small bunch fresh cilantro leaves, very finely chopped], title: Lime, Chile and Cilantro Mayo, picturelink: null}, 938: {instructions: Special equipment: a smoker, applewood chips and an instantread thermometernFor the pork and brine: In a large stockpot, combine 1 gallon of water with the kosher salt, bourbon, granulated sugar, brown sugar, honey, curing salt, bitters, pickling spice and garlic. Bring to a boil and then refrigerate overnight.nThe next day, add the pork belly to the brine and refrigerate for 48 to 72 hours.nRemove the pork from the brine discard the brine and rinse the pork with cold water. Pat the pork dry, then put it on a baking sheet and refrigerate it overnight, uncovered, to dry out.nThe next day, prepare a smoker with applewood chips.nFor the spice mixture: Combine the coriander, black peppercorns, paprika and red pepper in a small bowl. Rub the pork with the spice mixture.nSmoke the pork at 180 degrees F until an instantread thermometer inserted in the pork reads 155 degrees F, about 3 hours.nFor the strawberrybourbon preserves: Combine the strawberries, brown sugar and 1 cup of the bourbon in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer, stirring often, and cook until the jam is reduced and thick, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Finish with the remaining 1 tablespoon bourbon. Let cool.nFor the biscuits: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMix the flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a food processor. Add the cold butter cubes and pulse until the butter is in little specks. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl, pour in the buttermilk and mix by hand. Scrape the biscuit dough out onto a lightly floured surface and pat it down with your hand until it is 12 inch thick. Cut the dough into about twentyfour 2inch circles with a biscuit cutter or the rim of a glass and place the circles on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Bake until puffed and golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes.nTo assemble the sandwiches: Thinly slice the smoked pork belly pastrami and saute it briefly in a skillet over medium heat. Slice the biscuits and spread both sides with the preserves. Fill the biscuits with the sliced pork belly., ingredients: [1 12 cups Mortons kosher salt, 1 cup bourbon, such as Old Forester, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup honey, 2 12 tablespoons 1 12 ounces Prague Powder Number 1 or Instacure Number 1 curing salt, 2 tablespoons Woodford Reserve Sassafras and Sorghum Bitters, 1 tablespoon pickling spice, 5 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 5 pounds pork belly, 2 tablespoons toasted coriander seeds, crushed, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, crushed, 1 tablespoon bourbonsmoked paprika, 1 12 teaspoons crushed red pepper, 6 cups quartered, hulled strawberries, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon bourbon, such as Old Forester, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 sticks 1 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, 2 cups buttermilk], title: Pork Belly Pastrami on Biscuits with StrawberryBourbon Preserves, picturelink: LVCPrD8y18LdiJiA6aT2oFs1e.M9r.S}, 939: {instructions: Trim off all the peel and pith from the oranges or grapefruit. Halve or quarter them top to bottom, and slice crosswise into thin pieces. With clementines, simply peel and pull into segments. Halve or quarter strawberries if large. Peel and slice the bananas. Prepare the seasonal fruit as needed. Toss all the fruit in large bowl.nStir the honey and vanilla bean , if using, in a small bowl and microwave on low until just warmed and syrupy, about 1 minute. Toss with fruit and let cool. Transfer to an airtight container and pack with spoon., ingredients: [1 navel orange, 1 small grapefruit, or 2 clementines, 1 cup fresh berries, 1 banana, 1 piece seasonal fruit apple, pear or grapes, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 vanilla bean, optional], title: Fruit Salad, picturelink: KyeauX84p6EWOjJpPMVA2BSIqNgsG}, 940: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a large pot and cover with cold water. Add 2 teaspoons salt, partially cover and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain, then return the potatoes to the pot and coarsely mash with a large spoon. Cover and keep warm.nMeanwhile, make the chimichurri sauce: Pulse the parsley, cilantro, olive oil, shallot, garlic, vinegar and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a food processor to form a coarse paste.nHeat a large grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Pat the pork chops dry and season with salt and pepper. Lightly brush the grill pan with olive oil, then grill the chops until just cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Serve the pork chops and potatoes with the chimichurri sauce.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 12 pounds small redskinned potatoes, Kosher salt, 34 cup fresh parsley, 34 cup fresh cilantro, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 medium shallot, roughly chopped, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar or fresh lemon juice, Freshly ground pepper, 8 thin boneless pork chops 1 14 to 1 12 pounds], title: Pork Chops With Smashed Potatoes and Chimichurri Sauce, picturelink: JkieYku6fUensE9iKJ8ClQsMCQX2f2G}, 941: {instructions: Toast 2 cups bulgur in 1 to 2 tablespoons each butter and olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat until golden and crackly. Add 4 cups water and season with salt cover and simmer until the liquid is absorbed and the bulgur is just tender, about 20 minutes. Cut a seedless cucumber into chunks toss with 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 14 cup chopped dill and a small handful of pitted, halved black olives. Serve the cucumbers over the bulgur. Photograph by Tina Rup, ingredients: [], title: Bulgur Salad, picturelink: gbuYIlA2SoNn4Cfokkk0dX.VAGnyYZm}, 942: {instructions: A peppery Szechuan pancakes recipe  a Chinese classic, Chuck style.nFor the pancakes: In a large bowl, mix the flour with the salt and the Szechuan peppercorns. Add the scallions. Add the boiling water slowly and begin stirring it in immediately. Knead the warm dough until its smooth. Place the dough ball in a lightly oiled bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and let rest for at least 2 hours at room temperature.nTurn the rested dough out onto a floured surface and divide into 8 equal parts. With a lightly floured rolling pin, roll each piece out until its 14inch thick. Use a cookie cutter to cut out 5inch circles of dough or just cut them out using a knife. Cover the prepared pancakes with a damp towel to keep them from drying out while making the rest. For best results, layer the pancakes on pieces of parchment paper to keep them from sticking.nHeat a little vegetable oil in a heavy frying pan over low heat. Add the pancakes and cook until browned on both sides about 2 minutes altogether the second side will cook more quickly than the first side. Continue with the remainder of the pancakes, placing the cooked ones on a tray lined with paper towels to absorb some of the oil.nFor the garnish: To crisp up the duck skin, saute in a pan over medium heat until crispy, about 2 minutes do not add oil. Once cooked, place the skin on a paper towel to absorb excess oil.nTop the pancakes with the shredded duck meat, crispy duck skin, scallions, cucumbers and hoisin sauce., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon crushed Szechuan peppercorns, 1 scallion, minced, 1 12 cup boiling water, Vegetable oil, Cooked duck skin from 1 duck, cut into strips, 4 scallions, cut into thin strips, 1 cucumber, seeded and cut into thin strips, Hoisin sauce], title: Szechuan Peppercorn Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 943: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCombine the flour, Parmesan, rosemary, pepper, cayenne and 12 teaspoon salt in a food processor pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until incorporated. Add the 14 cup heavy cream and process until the dough forms a ball. If a ball does not form, add more heavy cream, one tablespoon at a time, and process until the dough comes together.nLightly flour a work surface. Pat the dough out in into a flat rectangle, then lightly flour the dough and roll it out until it is a little less than 14inch thick and about 12by8inches in size. Cut the dough into squares or rectangles and carefully transfer them to the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle with 14 teaspoon salt, gently pressing the salt into the surface of the crackers.nBake until light golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool completely on a rack., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus for dusting, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary, minced, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 14 cup heavy cream, plus up to 2 tablespoons], title: Rosemary and Pepper Crackers, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 944: {instructions: For cake:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a 10inch tube pan. Cream butter and sugar in large mixing bowl until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the vanilla extract and lemon juice. Beat very well.nCombine the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a separate bowl. Alternately add the dry ingredients and the sour cream into the butter mixture. Begin and end with the dryningredients. Mix well. Gently fold in the blueberries.nFor Streusel:nCombine sugars, flour and cinnamon in a bowl. Cut in chilled butter with a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. You can also use an electric mixer with a paddle attachment.nAssemble and Bake:nSpread half of the batter into the prepared pan. Sprinkle with a layer of the streusel. Top with remaining batter, then top with another layer of streusel. Bake for approximately 55 minutes. Cake will be done when golden brown, sides of cake pull away slightly from edge of pan and toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Remove pan from oven and cool on a rack for 45 minutes. Unmold onto rack streusel side down and allow to cool completely. Then invert, streusel side up onto a cake plate. Serve dusted with confectioners sugar or with blueberry sauce.nSauce:nIn a saucepan over medium low heat add blueberries, sugar mixed with cornstarch, vanilla bean seeds and lemon juice. Heat to a boil, stirring occasionally. Cool completely. Serve with cake, over ice cream., ingredients: [34 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 teasoons lemon juice, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups fresh blueberries, 1 12 cups sour cream, 14 cup white sugar, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons cinnamon, 12 cup unsalted butter, chilled, 2 cups blueberries, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 vanilla bean, seeded, 2 teaspoons lemon juice], title: Blueberry Lemon Crumble Cake, picturelink: null}, 945: {instructions: In large pot of boiling, salted water, cook bow ties per package directions.nIn a food processor, combine artichoke hearts, lemon juice, Parmesan, and walnuts, and process for 30 seconds. Slowly drizzle in olive oil until mixture becomes a thick paste. Transfer pesto to a large bowl. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nDrain pasta and add to pesto in bowl. Toss to coat. Serve hot with grated Parmesan., ingredients: [1 pound box bow tie pasta, 2 6.5ounce jars marinated artichoke hearts, drained recommended: Mezzetta, 1 teaspoon lemon juice recommended: ReaLemon, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, plus more for serving, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Grated Parmesan, for serving], title: Bow Ties with Artichoke Pesto, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 946: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a blender. Blend on high speed for 30 seconds. Pour into sterilized, tightly sealed bottles and refrigerate. Will keep refrigerated for 2 months if kept cool. Shake bottle well before serving., ingredients: [1 cup light cream, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 23 cups Bourbon, 1 teaspoon espresso, 2 tablespoons chocolate syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon almond extract], title: Cream Whiskey, picturelink: null}, 947: {instructions: Wash the chick peas, pick them over and soak overnight in cold water to cover by at least 2 inches.nSkin the chicken thighs. Trim and cut the chops into 2inch chunks. Trim the meat of as much fat as possible. Set aside.nIn a hot saute pan, heat the olive oil, and brown the meat in batches. Brown the onions, then the garlic. Drain and place the chick peas, onions, and garlic in a Dutch oven. Stir in the spices and sugar. Add the veal and chicken. Add water to cover. Cook over low heat for 1 hour.nSkim off 2 tablespoons of fat and 12 cup of liquid from the cholent. Let this cool a little and mix it with the matzo meal and eggs. Form the dough into walnut sized balls and add to the pot. Add the carrots and sausage. Season the stew. Cook for 2 hours on the stovetop or place in a 225 degree F oven overnight. At any rate, its much better the next day., ingredients: [1 pound dried chick peas, soaked overnight, 6 chicken thighs, or 2 turkey thighs, 2 veal shoulder chops or 1 12 pounds veal stew, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large Spanish onion, coarsely chopped, 8 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground fenugreek, 2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 carrots, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 12 pounds beef kielbasa or smoked bratwurst, 1 cup matzo meal, 3 eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Skimmings from the cholent], title: Cholent, picturelink: null}, 948: {instructions: Heat some oil in a pan until hot. Dredge veal in the flour until it is well coated. Add the veal to the hot oil and pan fry until golden brown on both sides veal will cook very quickly.nDrain off the excess oil from the pan and add the sherry wine, pepper, and butter. Sprinkle the asparagus over the veal. Season with salt. Cut 3 large pieces of mozzarella in half and place on top of veal and asparagus. Add a little chicken stock and sundried tomatoes and cook until the sauce reduces and becomes thick. Serve when cheese is completely melted. Add more stock if necessary., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 4 pieces thinly sliced veal scaloppini, 1 cup flour, 14 cup sherry wine, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 to 5 asparagus spears, cut into 14inch pieces, Salt, 1 ball mozzarella, sliced, 14 to 12 cup chicken stock, Sun dried tomatoes, as many as you like], title: Veal Duchessa, picturelink: null}, 949: {instructions: For the meatballs: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the hot sauce, remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature.nCombine the chicken, breadcrumbs, celery, egg, onions and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add 23 cup of the cooled hot sauce mixture reserve the rest and mix to combine. Form the chicken mixture into 2inch meatballs about 18 total and place them on the prepared baking sheet.nBake until cooked through, about 20 minutes, brushing the meatballs with the reserved hot sauce mixture during the last 8 minutes.nFor the sauce: Combine the sour cream, mayonnaise, blue cheese and vinegar in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nServe the meatballs with the sauce and celery sticks., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying baking sheet, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup hot sauce, 1 pound ground chicken, 34 cup breadcrumbs, 13 cup minced celery, 1 egg, 12 small onion, grated, Kosher salt, Sauce:, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Celery sticks, for serving], title: Buffalo Chicken Meatballs, picturelink: 7mLUq4Zb3.72OjLNCOQPp6VCiMH3bX6}, 950: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nOn the stovetop, bring the chicken stock, onion, garlic and wine to a simmer in a saucepan.nPlace the peppers in a roasting pan and roast in the oven, checking every 15 minutes, and turning them with tongs until the skin is fully wrinkled and charred black. When the peppers are done, use tongs to put them in a ziptop bag which for safety reasons you have resting on a plate  Remember, theyre volcanically hot. Carefully zip the bag shut, and allow them to sweat for 5 minutes. Use oven mitts to prevent getting burned while you handle the bag in the next step of sliding the peppers from the bag into a bowl filled with a couple of inches of ice water. You can then use your fingers to work quickly to slip off and discard the skins of the peppers while they are in the water. You will be left with beautifully cooked red peppers with a wonderful color. Remove stem and seeds. Chop the peppers and add them to the simmering chicken stock mixture, and continue simmering until reduced by half, about 20 minutes. Create a slurry of cornstarch in a small amount of water and add to the red pepper sauce. Process coulis in a blender until a smooth consistency is achieved. Then season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the grits:nBring water for grits to a boil. Add grits and chopped shrimp, reduce heat and cook until grits are soft, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in butter, scallions, tomatoes, cilantro, bacon and cheese, and keep covered in a warm place.nFor the fish:nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Coat both sides of red snapper with salt and pepper and Cajun spice. Then on the stovetop, heat some grapeseed oil in a large nonstick saute pan, and when it begins to shimmer, saute the shrimp only until they turn pink, and then remove shrimp to a utility platter. In the same pan, sear each side of the fish. When you place the fillet into the pan, leave it undisturbed for a couple of minutes to allow the seasoning to cook into the surface of the fish. Cook until golden brown, then finish in the oven for a further 2 to 3 minutes and remove it to rest for 5 to 8 minutes. Please take care to avoid overcooking the fish, as it will continue to cook even after you remove it from the oven.nPlace some of the grits in the middle of serving plate, then position a fish fillet on top, and drizzle the coulis around the fish. Top with a shrimp. Garnish liberally with scallions., ingredients: [10 ounces chicken stock, 1 red onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, 12 cup white wine, 3 red bell peppers, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups water, 2 cups uncooked grits, 6 ounces raw chopped shrimp, 4 tablespoons butter 12 stick, 4 tablespoons sliced scallions 5 to 6 scallions, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons diced tomatoes about 1 plum tomato, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 4 tablespoons cooked bacon, chopped about 4 slices, 4 ounces shredded Cheddar, 6 6ounce red snapper fillets, scaled but with skin on, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons Cajun spice, 18 cup grapeseed oil, 6 large shrimp peeled and deveined], title: Cajun Snapper and Shrimp over Bacon Cheddar Cheese Grits with Red Pepper Coulis, picturelink: sxuoormBIDANFg4RikffiHTnz3pgBy}, 951: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 13 x 9inch glass baking pan with a nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE shortening, sugar, brown sugar, egg and water in large bowl with electric mixer at medium speed, until well blended. Beat in 13 cup peanut butter and vanilla. In a separate bowl, combine flour, oats, baking soda and salt. Add gradually to creamed mixture at low speed. Beat until well blended. Spread into prepared baking pan.nBake 20 to 25 minutes or until light brown and center is just set. Do not overbake. Immediately sprinkle with chocolate chips. Let stand 5 minutes or until chips become shiny and soft. Spread to cover evenly. Cool slightly. Cut into bars, about 2 x 1 34inches. Cool completely.nCOMBINE powdered sugar, peanut butter and evaporated milk in small bowl, mixing until smooth. Drizzle over chocolate. Sprinkle with toffee bits, if desired., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 12 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, or 12 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 large egg, 1 tbsp. water, 13 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 1 cup rolled oats, 12 tsp. baking soda, 14 tsp. salt, 1  6 oz. package semisweet chocolate chips, em, Topping:, em, 14 cup powdered sugar, 2 tbsps. Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 2 tbsps. PETu00ae Evaporated Milk, Milk chocolate English toffee bits optional], title: Chocolatey Peanut Butter Fingers, picturelink: tVBp1Uo0gVt.cpW.iM0apkuUbAAx7a}, 952: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nnWhisk together the flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk together the milk, honey and egg yolks together in another medium bowl until combined. Whisk the egg whites in another medium bowl until stiff peaks form.nnAdd the milk mixture to the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Gently fold in the egg whites, and then 2 tablespoons of the melted butter. Mix until the batter is just smooth and let rest for 10 minutes.nnHeat a large nonstick saute pan, castiron pan or griddle over mediumhigh heat. Brush the pan with some of the remaining melted butter. Spoon 2 heaping tablespoons of the batter onto the pan for each johnny griddle cake. Spread the batter slightly just to even out the top using a small offset spatula. Cook until lightly golden brown on each side, about 1 minute 30 seconds per side. Transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon fine yellow or white cornmeal, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 cup whole milk, 2 teaspoons clover honey, 2 large eggs, separated, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus 14 cup more for frying, ], title: Johnny Griddle Cakes, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 953: {instructions: Bring 4 12 cups water to a boil with 1 14 teaspoons salt and butter in a 4quart heavy saucepan, then add polenta in a thin stream, whisking. Cook polenta at a bare simmer, whisking with a longhandled whisk and turning down heat as needed to prevent spattering, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in cheese. Serve sprinkled with black pepper., ingredients: [4 12 cups water, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup instant polenta, 1ounce finely grated ParmigianoReggiano 12 cup, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Parmesan and Black Pepper Polenta, picturelink: null}, 954: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a 9inch glass pie plate with cooking spraynHeat 3 tablespoons of the olive oil in large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the anchovies, garlic and red pepper flakes and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the escarole and salt to the pan, cover and cook until wilted. Add the wine and cook for 1 minute. Remove and discard the garlic cloves. Let the escarole cool slightly, then place it in a large kitchen towel and gently ring out excess moisture. Transfer the greens to the bowl of a food processor. Add the olives, the lemon zest and juice, and the feta and process until finely chopped, about 30 seconds. Add the currants and pulse to combine.nUnroll the pie crusts. Use one to line a 9inch pie pan, pressing it gently into the pan so there are no air bubbles and leaving some overhang around the edges. Brush the crust with the beaten egg, then spoon in the filling and distribute evenly. Cover with the second pie crust, tucking in and crimping the edges with your fingers or the tines of a fork. Cut three slits in the top crust to allow steam to escape. Brush the pie with the remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil and bake until golden brown and cooked through, about 40 minutes. Allow the pie to cool for at least 30 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 5 anchovies, minced, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 pounds escarole about 4 medium heads, chopped into 1inch pieces, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup Prosecco or dry white wine, optional, 12 cup pitted Kalamata olives, chopped, Zest and juice of 1 small lemon, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, 13 cup dried currants, One 14.1ounce package pie dough with 2 crusts, such as Pillsbury Pie Crusts, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: Escarole Pie, picturelink: yFFWT8wDAvBRFOgpRAoRB9ibZM2avX6}, 955: {instructions: Special equipment: An electric mixernFor the cream: In an electric mixer whip the mascarpone until smooth. Continue whipping and slowly add the cream in a steady stream. Add the sugar and whip for 3 minutes.nFor the figs: In a small pot combine the orange juice, balsamic vinegar, sugar, and zest.nBoil over high heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer for 5 minutes.nPreheat the broiler.nToss the figs with the glaze and spread, cut side up, in a single layer on a baking sheet.nCook under the broiler for 6 to 8 minutes, until lightly caramelized. Serve the warm figs with the mascarpone cream and toasted walnuts., ingredients: [2 cups mascarpone, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons icing sugar confectioners, 12 cup orange juice, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon orange zest, 1 pint fresh figs, halved, 12 cup walnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped], title: Glazed Figs with Mascarpone Cream, picturelink: 4HBAszCwovSwYkmYMTBbgOWMhnqU6te}, 956: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the marinara sauce: Heat the canola oil in a large saucepan, add the onions, and cook until translucent. Blend the tomatoes in a food processor. With a slotted spoon, remove the onions from the oil. Add the blended tomato, salt, pepper, and basil to the pan. Stir with a wooden spoon. Bring to a boil, then lower heat and simmer for 40 minutes.nFor the zucchini: While the sauce is simmering, fry the zucchini. Place the flour on a flat dish. In a large bowl, mix the eggs, salt, pepper, and Romano cheese with a fork. In a large frying pan, heat the canola oil. Coat the zucchini slices in flour, then dip in the egg mixture. Fry until golden brown. Remove each piece, placing on a tray lined with paper towels.nFor the ricotta filing: In a large bowl, mix the ricotta cheese, eggs, parsley, salt, pepper, and Romano cheese.nTo assemble: In a 9 by 13 by 2inch rectangular baking dish, spread 4 ounces of marinara sauce. Layer some of the fried zucchini to cover the bottom of the dish, slightly overlapping the pieces.nSpread 8 ounces of marinara over the zucchini. With a plastic spatula, spread 13 of the ricotta mixture over the marinara, and sprinkle with 34 cups of mozzarella.nRepeat layering the zucchini, sauce, ricotta filling, and mozzarella, ending with 1 cup of mozzarella.nCover the dish in foil and bake for 1 hour. Remove the foil and continue to cook until the top is slightly brown. Cool the lasagna for 15 minutes.nFor the zucchini flowers: Rinse the zucchini flowers gently under running water. Pat dry. Dredge the zucchini flowers in the beaten egg, and then cover in breadcrumbs. Fry in canola oil until crispy. Sprinkle with salt, to taste. Place the flowers on top of the lasagna and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons canola oil, 12 small onion, sliced, 2 28ounce cans San Marzano tomatoes, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon black pepper, 6 fresh basil leaves, 3 cups flour, 1 dozen eggs, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 34 cups grated Romano cheese, 3 cups canola oil, for frying, 6 zucchini, sliced lengthwise about 14thick, 2 pounds ricotta cheese homemade or Calabro, 2 eggs, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black peeper, 12 cup grated Romano cheese, 2 12 cups grated fresh mozzarella for layering, 8 zucchini flowers, 1 egg, beaten, Breadcrumbs, Canola oil, for frying], title: Zucchini Lasagna, picturelink: null}, 957: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Lightly grease 2 baking sheets.nSift together the flour, baking soda and salt and set aside. In the bowl of a mixer, cream the butter until fluffy. Add the sugars and cream with the butter. The mixture will look a bit grainy. Add the vanilla and eggs and beat together until fluffy. Add the malt powder and mix at low speed just until combined. Onethird at a time, add the flour mixture, beating after each addition just until combined. Gently mix in the chocolate chips. Drop by tablespoons onto the baking sheets. Bake 8 to 10 minutes, depending on how crispy you like your cookies. The cookies will be flat. Let cool on wire racks and store in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, cold and cut into pieces, 1 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 12 cup malt powder, 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips], title: Malted Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 958: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, toss the bread cubes with 2 tablespoons of the basil olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange on a baking sheet and bake for 5 minutes, then toss the bread cubes and bake until golden, another 3 to 5 minutes. In a small saucepan, over low heat add the balsamic and simmer until reduced by half.nCut the smaller tomatoes in half, quarter the medium tomatoes and slice the larger tomatoes. Cut the cucumber, lengthwise in half, and slice it into half moons or dice it into cubes.nIn a large serving bowl, mix the tomatoes, cucumbers and remaining oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the bread cubes and toss. Drizzle with the reduced balsamic and serve., ingredients: [14 pound country bread, cut into roughly 1inch cubes, 5 tablespoons basil infused olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup aged balsamic vinegar, 2 pounds assorted mixed baby heirloom tomatoes, 1 cucumber, peeled and seeded, if necessary], title: Baby Heirloom Tomato and Cucumber Salad, picturelink: 2eDcprE.bdxiTahJhX9Q3OKeh4GY35q}, 959: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSeason the meat with salt and pepper. In a small bowl, mix the herbs with the olive oil and bread crumbs. Rub both sides of the lamb with the herb mixture. Using the kitchen string, tie up the lamb leg at 2inch intervals. Place in roasting pan and bake for 20 minutes. Lower the oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Add the wine and water or broth to the roasting pan and cook for another 30 to 40 minutes, or until the thickest part of the lamb reaches an internal temperature of 140 degrees F for medium. Take the lamb out of the oven, cover loosely with foil, and let the meat rest for 15 minutes. Slice and serve., ingredients: [1 3 to 4pound boneless leg of lamb, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons Italian bread crumbs, 13 cup white wine, 13 cup water or chicken broth, Special Equipment: kitchen string, meat thermometer], title: Herb Crusted Lamb, picturelink: 7Zz9GSVE4o16ip.oq9H35ujSsJZg3lW}, 960: {instructions: Put the gelatin sheets into a bowl of cold water and let them soak while you heat the cream.nCombine the heavy cream and chocolate hazelnut spread in a medium saucepan and put it over mediumhigh heat. Bring it to a boil and then remove it from the heat. Squeeze the excess water out of the gelatin and add it to the warm cream. Stir well to make sure the gelatin is dissolved. Pour the mixture into small bowls and refrigerate, covered, overnight or at least 4 hours.nWhen you are ready to serve, garnish with the chopped hazelnuts and grated chocolate. Sweet, ingredients: [4 sheets gelatin, 1 quart heavy cream, 1 13ounce jar chocolate hazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, Chopped roasted hazelnuts, for garnish, Grated semisweet chocolate, for garnish], title: Chocolate Hazelnut Panna Cotta, picturelink: null}, 961: {instructions: To make the Pie Crust: In food processor, pulse flour, sugar, salt, vegetable shortening and butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add ice water gradually pulse until dough just comes together. Wrap in plastic and chill at least 1 hour before using.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRoll dough out on floured table to 18inch thickness. Cut the dough into pieces that will fit into the pans. Spray 20 miniature tart shell pans with cooking spray. Put parchment circle in bottom of pans. Put the dough into tart shell pans. Fill with dry beans and bake until crust is almost done, about 20 minutes. Turn pan after 10 minutes. Take out of oven, let cool and take beans out. With remainder of dough cut 14inch wide strips for lattice top. Cover and set aside.nTo make Blueberry Peach Pie Filling: Saute blueberries in butter and sugar. Add lemon juice, lemon zest, orangeflavored liqueur, salt and nutmeg. Saute until blueberry juices start to come out. Add cornstarch and peaches, cook 5 more minutes. Let cool.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTo assemble: Put a heaping pile of filling in each tart shell. Place reserved dough strips in lattice pattern on pies. Brush with egg wash. Bake for about 5 to 7 minutes, until lattice top is golden brown. Let rest 5 minutes. Take pies out of pan while still warm., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 5 tablespoons shortening, 14 cup butter, chilled and cut into small cubes, 6 tablespoons ice water, Cooking spray, 1 sheet parchment paper cut in circles to fit in bottom of tart shell pan, 2 12 cups fresh blueberries, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 1 pinch salt, 1 pinch freshly ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 cup frozen diced peaches, thawed and drained, 1 egg plus beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash], title: Mini Blueberry Peach Pie, picturelink: null}, 962: {instructions: In a skillet coated with oil, saute the garlic, ginger, chile, fermented beans and onions until brown, about 8 minutes. Add the sambal and tomatoes and stir. Deglaze with vinegar and add the soy. Simmer on very low heat for 15 minutes. Season and check. Using a hand blender and food processor, blend thoroughly and recheck for seasoning. Chill.n12 large shrimp, deveined, peeled with tail onnPrepare a mediumhot oiled grill. Season the shrimp and then dip in the BBQ sauce and place on grill. Watch carefully and have a spray bottle of water handy to squelch flareups. Rotate and turn the shrimp often and brush with additional BBQ sauce. They will take about 8 minutes. For the Grilled Vegetable Slaw: In a large bowl, toss all of the vegetables with the olive oil and season. Place the vegetables on a hot, oiled grill and markcook the vegetables all the way through. Slice the vegetables on an angle into 14 strips. Toss the vegetables with the juice and season. For the Roasted Potatoes: In a large bowl, toss everything together. Wrap in a double thick foil papillote. Place on the grill, preferably on indirect heat. Cook for 45 minutes. Check for doneness and seasoning. PLATING On a large platter, pile the potatoes in the middle and surround with the slaw. Place BBQ on top and serve. Drink Suggestions: Shanghai Beer, ingredients: [2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped ginger, 2 serrano chiles, destemmed, minced, 2 tablespoons, rinsed fermented black beans, 2 medium red onions, rough chopped, 1 tablespoon sambal, 2 cups chopped fresh tomatoes 3 medium tomatoes or drained whole roma tomatoes, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 12 cup sweet soy kechap manis or 14 cup soy with 14 cup sugar, Canola oil to cook, Salt and black pepper to taste, 1 medium eggplant, sliced 14inch, 1 large zucchini, sliced lengthwise, 14inch, 1 large red onion, sliced 14inch, 1 large carrot, peeled, sliced lengthwise, 14inch, 14 cup olive oil, Juice of 2 lemons, Salt and black pepper to taste, 2 pounds red bliss potatoes, washed and cut in half, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 6 each scallions, sliced 18inch, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Bbq Shrimp with Grilled Vegetable Slaw and Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 963: {instructions: For the cookies: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F, with racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven. Line two rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper and set aside.nMix the flour, baking soda and salt in a small bowl until combined. In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the butter and both sugars on medium speed until smooth and incorporated. Add the vanilla, egg and egg yolk and mix until incorporated. Then add the flour mixture, sour cherries and white chocolate. Mix until incorporated.nScoop a level tablespoon of dough, roll in a ball and, using fingertips, pull apart into two equal pieces. Youll have 36 to make 18 sandwiches. Place the formed dough balls on one of the prepared baking sheets, about 2 inches apart. Bake until the edges are slightly golden and the middles are still soft but not wet, 12 to 15 minutes. Let the cookies cool for 20 to 30 minutes on the baking sheets.nFor the filling: While the cookies are cooling, beat the almond butter, confectioners sugar, butter and salt with a handheld mixer until whipped and light, about 2 minutes. Chill the filling until ready to assemble the cookies.nTo assemble: Spread 1 tablespoon of the filling onto the bottom side of a cookie. Place another cookie, bottomside down, onto the filling. Repeat with the remaining cookies., ingredients: [2 cups plus 2 tablespoons bleached all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 sticks 6 ounces unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 1 cup packed light or dark brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 1 large egg yolk, 12 cup dried sour cherries, roughly chopped, 12 cup white chocolate chunks or chips, 34 cup almond butter, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup unsalted butter, softened, 18 teaspoon fine salt], title: Cherry Almond White Chocolate Sandwiches, picturelink: lghrUo.QT9WzA6KPfIOe4cT6lGNjvgS}, 964: {instructions: 1. Cook pork in large skillet according to package directions. Remove pork from skillet, reserving pan drippings in skillet cover pork to keep warm.n2. Add onions and bell peppers to drippings in skillet cook and stir over medium heat 4 minutes, or until vegetables are crisptender. Add flour cook and stir 2 minutes.n3. Gradually add coffee and water stirring until blended. Simmer 6 minutes, or until gravy is thickened, stirring frequently.n4. Add milk, salt and pepper mix well. Cook 6 minutes, or until heated through, stirring occasionally.n5. Serve gravy spooned over pork slices., ingredients: [1 Cooks Bonein Super Trim Pork Shoulder Half Picnic 2 pounds, cut into 14inch thick slices, 1 large onion, finely chopped about 1 cup, 14 cup finely chopped green bell pepper, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 112 cups brewed strong coffee, 34 cup water, 14 cup milk, Dash salt and pepper], title: Deluxe Redeye Gravy with Pork Shoulder Picnic, picturelink: Px1iZr16MT6xk6gJbHZ1QVHbeJQRYLC}, 965: {instructions: Fill a pot filed with several inches of vegetable oil and heat to 350 degrees F.nIn a pot of boiling water, add the sweet potatoes and cook until tender, about 20 minutes. While the potatoes are cooking, start the shrimp. Grind the Almond Joy pieces in a food processor until finely chopped. In a bowl, add half of the candy, the breadcrumbs, coconut, and a pinch of salt and pepper. Pat the shrimp dry, dip in the egg and then in the coconut mixture. Set aside. For the compound butter, mix the rest of the candy with the softened butter, almonds and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Drain the sweet potatoes and mash with the smoked paprika, cinnamon, cayenne and heavy cream. Season with salt and pepper. Hold warm over low heat. Fry the shrimp until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. To serve, place a spoonful of the sweet potato mash on a plate, top with 3 pieces of the shrimp and serve the Almond Joy butter on the side., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cubed into 1inch pieces, 1 cup Almond Joy pieces, 1 cup Japanese breadcrumbs known as panko, 12 cup shredded coconut, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 stick butter, softened, 12 cup almonds, roasted and sliced, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch cayenne pepper, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Coconut Shrimp with Spiced Sweet Potato Mash and Almond Joy Butter, picturelink: 6Qt8VPyk984PS5fngu9elrDEl9IM7.W}, 966: {instructions: Slice the chicken breasts in half horizontally to make 8 thin cutlets. Season with salt and pepper and dredge in flour. Heat the butter in a large skillet over high heat. Add the chicken in batches and cook until browned and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate.nAdd the onion, thyme and 12 teaspoon salt to the skillet. Cook until the onion is golden, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth and cook until slightly reduced, 3 to 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium low.nMeanwhile, mix the egg yolks, pickles, pickle juice, scallions and parsley in a bowl. Stir into the broth and cook, stirring, until the sauce begins to thicken, about 1 minute. Add the chicken to the skillet and cook until the sauce thickens and the chicken is heated through, about 5 minutes do not boil. Serve with bread and pickled beets, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 6ounce skinless, boneless chicken breasts, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 large egg yolks, 12 cup coarsely chopped dill pickles, plus 13 cup juice from the jar, 5 scallions, finely chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, Pumpernickel bread and jarred pickled beets, for serving optional], title: Chicken With Pickle Sauce, picturelink: 1cFQVPt.3vlv2EAlexIfUPInzTqL2K}, 967: {instructions: Place the dried beans in a large bowl and cover with cold water. Soak the beans overnight in the refrigerator.nDrain the beans and put them in a large heavy pot with the ham hocks, adding just enough cold water to cover about 2 quarts. Add the onion, celery, green pepper, cayenne, parsley, thyme, bay leaves, garlic, green onions, and several shakes of red pepper sauce give everything a good stir to combine. Simmer, uncovered, until the beans are tender and starting to thicken, about 212 hours. You want the beans to be almost overcooked, like they are getting ready to burst. Stir the beans occasionally to prevent scorching on the bottom of the pot. Add about 1 cup of water toward the end of cooking if the mixture appears too thick or dry.nMash about 1 cup of the cooked beans against the side of the pot with a wooden spoon, this makes the broth thick and creamy. Toss in the sausages and cook for another 30 minutes to heat them through. Adjust the seasoning, if needed. Serve the red beans in a wide bowl over some steamed white rice and garnished with chopped green onion., ingredients: [1 pound dried small red beans, picked over and rinsed, 2 large smoked ham hocks, 1 large yellow onion, chopped, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 1 large green bell pepper, chopped, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 14 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 bay leaves, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 green onions, green part only, chopped, plus more for garnish, Red pepper sauce, 2 andouille sausages, cut into 3inch chunks, 4 cups cooked white rice], title: Louisiana Red Beans and Rice, picturelink: null}, 968: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nFor cream cheese layer, in a small mixing bowl, combine 14 cup of the pumpkin, the cream cheese, maple syrup, 1 teaspoon of the pumpkin pie spice, 1 egg, and the vanilla. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Spoon the cream cheese mixture evenly into the pie shells and smooth. Set aside.nFor the pumpkin layer, in a large mixing bowl, combine the remaining pumpkin and the bourbon. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed until mixed. Add sweetened condensed milk, cinnamon, the remaining 2 eggs, and remaining pumpkin pie spice. Beat until smooth. Pour evenly over cream cheese layer to fill pie shells and smooth.nPlace pies on a large baking sheet. Bake for 60 to 75 minutes or until set 1 inch from centers. Cool completely on wire racks. Drizzle with chocolate sauce., ingredients: [1 can 15ounce solidpack pumpkin, LibbysR, 1 package 8ounce cream cheese, softened, PhiladelphiaR, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, McCormickR, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, McCormickR, 2 9inch graham cracker pie shells, 3 tablespoons bourbon, Jim BeamR, 1 can 14ounce sweetened condensed milk, Eagle BrandR, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, McCormickR, Chocolate syrup, HersheysR], title: Pumpkin and Maple Cream Cheese Pie, picturelink: null}, 969: {instructions: For the streusel: Combine the coconut, flour, oats, baking powder, brown sugar and salt in a medium bowl. Add the butter and knead it into the flour mixture with your fingers until it is evenly moistened. Add the pecans and toss to combine. Set aside.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8inch square baking pan. Line it with parchment paper with a 2inch overhang on two sides.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda. In a small bowl, stir together the banana and sour cream. In a large bowl, beat the butter and granulated sugar with an electric mixer on medium speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, beating after each addition. Beat in the vanilla.nStir in half of the flour mixture, then the banana mixture and then the remaining flour mixture. Fold in the chocolate and coconut. Transfer the mixture to the prepared pan. Top with the streusel mixture. Bake the cake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with moist crumbs attached, 40 to 45 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool completely. Lift the cake out of the pan using the parchment paper and cut into squares to serve., ingredients: [12 cup sweetened flaked coconut, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 2 tablespoons lightbrown sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup chopped pecans, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pan, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup mashed banana from 3 extraripe bananas, 12 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 12 cup sweetened flaked coconut], title: Banana Snack Cake with Coconut, Chocolate and Pecan Streusel, picturelink: QUj7O7kLlVLf7pzImszrhUFX.1zzga}, 970: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350u00b0F. In large skillet, heat oil over medium heat and cook onion and garlic 4 minutes or until softened. Add ground beef and cook 4 minutes or until browned. Stir in taco seasoning and u00bc cup water. Cook 2 minutes or until sauce thickens.n2. In microwave or small saucepan, heat refried beans and stir in remaining u00bc cup water to thin slightly.n3. Cut one tortilla in half and fit cut ends at either end of 9x13inch baking dish. Arrange two tortillas, slightly overlapping, to cover bottom. Layer 13 refried beans, 13 meat mixture and 1 can enchilada sauce. Repeat to make a second layer.n4. Repeat to make a third layer using salsa instead of enchilada sauce. Sprinkle with cheese.n5. Bake 20 minutes or until lasagna is bubbling and cheese is melted. Let stand 5 minutes before cutting., ingredients: [1 tbsp vegetable oil, 1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1u00bd lbs ground beef, 1 package 1.25 oz ORTEGAu00ae Taco Seasoning, u00bd cup water, divided, 1 can 16 oz ORTEGAu00ae Refried Beans, any variety, 2 cans 10 oz ORTEGAu00ae Mild Red Enchilada Sauce, 9 ORTEGAu00ae Flour Soft Tortillas, 1 jar 16 oz ORTEGAu00ae Thick  Chunky Salsa, any variety, 8 oz shredded Monterey Jack or Cheddar cheese], title: ORTEGAand174 Mexican Lasagna, picturelink: Zv9Js6CgIXZRoS014lZVOdFddp570xy}, 971: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: A 10inch square cake pan A candy thermometernFor the maple cream layer: Line a 10inch square cake pan with plastic wrap so that the plastic falls over the edges of the pan. Then place a square of parchment paper over the plastic in the bottom of the pan.nIn a small bowl, combine the gelatin with just enough water to cover and mix until incorporated. In a small saucepan bring the halfandhalf to a simmer. Add the sugar and maple syrup, and stir until the sugar dissolves. Remove the saucepan from the heat and add the gelatin. Stir until incorporated. Pour the mixture into the prepared cake pan. Refrigerate until set, about 45 minutes.nFor the brandy layer: When the maple cream layer is completely set, begin on the brandy layer. In a small bowl, combine the gelatin with just enough water to cover and mix until incorporated. Bring the simple syrup to a simmer, then add the gelatin and whisk until melted together. Remove from the heat and stir in the brandy. Pour the brandy layer over the maple cream layer in the cake pan. Refrigerate until set, another 45 minutes.nUsing the plastic wrap as handles, carefully lift the layered gelatin from the cake pan. Slice into 1inch squares. Fill a large saucepan with about 3 inches of water and bring to a boil. Fit a large glass or metal mixing bowl into the pot, making sure that the bottom of the bowl doesnt touch the water. Place the chocolate in the bowl and, using a heat resistant spatula, stir as the chocolate melts. Once fully melted, stir until a candy thermometer inserted in the chocolate reads 120 degrees F. Then pour the chocolate onto a clean, cool surface and push it back and forth with a spatula or bench scraper. Youre looking to push it around to cool it down to 82 degrees F. This is tempering the chocolate. Transfer the chocolate to a clean bowl. Use a fork to dip the gelatin squares into the chocolate, tapping a bit to remove excess chocolate. Then place the squares chocolateside up on a sheet pan fitted with a cooling rack. Repeat for the remaining gelatin squares. Garnish with the candied pecans while the chocolate is still hot so they stick to the candies., ingredients: [4 envelopes gelatin about 1 ounce, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup maple syrup, 1 cup simple syrup, 1 cup brandy, Five 3.5ounce bars 64percent dark chocolate, chopped, 1 12 cups candied pecans, coarsely ground], title: ChocolateCovered Maple Brandy Jellies with Nuts, picturelink: DWQGcCzJHmNnR8IjQdLZz2zh74kPgc2}, 972: {instructions: In 2quart saucepan, combine red pepper, onion, jalepeno, vinegar, honey, and allspice. Heat to boiling over medium heat. Reduce heat to low and cook, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes.nAdd pears and raisins and return to boiling. Cook chutney, stirring occasionally, 5 to 8 minutes longer or until pears just start to soften.nMeanwhile, in large kettle, cover 2 pint or 4 halfpint canning jars with water and heat to boiling over high heat boil 10 minutes to sterilize. Drain jars on clean towel. In small saucepan, cover the jar lids and bands with water and heat to simmering. Remove from heat and leave lids and bands in water until ready to usenSpoon chutney into drained, hot jars Fill to within 12inch of top of jars. Wipe rims of jars with damp cloth and seal with lids and bands. Process in boiling water bath 10 minutes. Cool jars label and store in cool, dark, dry place., ingredients: [34 cup coarsely chopped sweet red pepper, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 1 jalapeno pepper, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 18 tablespoon ground allspice, 5 large 2 12 pounds firm pears, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 13 cup dark seedless raisins], title: Pear Chutney, picturelink: null}, 973: {instructions: Prepare the polenta: Line an 8 by 4inch loaf pan with plastic wrap and set aside.nBring the water to a rolling boil in a large pot. Add the salt, then gradually sprinkle in the cornmeal, stirring constantly to avoid lumps. Keep stirring after the last of the cornmeal has been added: the mixture will begin to thicken quite quickly. Reduce the heat to medium and cook the polenta for about 30 to 40 minutes, stirring frequently. Spoon a little of the polenta onto a plate and taste it: when it is no longer crunchy and granular, its done.nScrape the polenta into the loaf pan, flattening the top and pressing the mass into a rough rectangle, ending halfway to twothirds down the length of the pan. This sounds a little confusing, but you should now have a 2inchthick rectangle of polenta pressed into the loaf pan. It will be very stiff and have no trouble staying put. Cool the polenta to room temperature, then press a piece of plastic wrap onto the surface and refrigerate until chilled, at least 2 hours, or up to 3 days.nNo more that 2 or 3 hours before you plan to serve the dessert, remove the loaf pan from the refrigerator and unmold the polenta. With a long, thinbladed knife, slice the loaf into 14inch thick slices and cut each of these in half. You should end up with about 24 2inch squares, 14inch thick.nHeat 2 tablespoons of butter and 12 tablespoon of vegetable oil in a large frying pan nonstick is fine over medium heat. When the foam subsides, add half of the polenta slices and fry about 4 minutes, turning once, until golden and crisp on both sides. Carefully transfer the slices to a platter lined with paper towels and sprinkle the slices with half of the sugar. Repeat with the remaining butter, oil, polenta, and sugar. Cool the sugared polenta slices to room temperature.nTo assemble the crostini, spoon the mascarpone into a piping bag fitted with a medium star tip about 12inch or so. Pipe a generous amount of mascarpone on each polenta square and arrange two or three raspberries on the cheese. Press some pistachio pieces around the berries into the cheese and drizzle the crostini with a little of the honey a honey dripper or even a teaspoon dipped into the jar then waved over the squares works really well, dont even bother measuring the honey. The finished crostini should be eaten as soon as possible, but can be kept covered at room temperature for a few hours., ingredients: [3 12 cups water, preferably still spring or filtered water, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup medium grain yellow cornmeal, preferably stoneground, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon mildflavored vegetable oil, plus extra for greasing the pan, 2 to 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 34 cup mascarpone, 12 pint red raspberries, 13 cup shelled, skinned, pistachio nuts, lightly toasted and coarsely chopped, 14 cup dark, flavorful honey, such as lavender or wild forest, although preferably not buckwheat], title: Sweet Polenta Crostini with Mascarpone, Raspberries, Pistachios, and Lavendar Honey, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 974: {instructions: Place fruit in saucepan with sugar and cook gently for 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Line pudding basin with slices of bread, leaving no gaps. Fill with fruit, cover the top with more bread, to form lid. Cover with saucer and put weights on top, to press the bread down. Refrigerate for 12 hours or overnight. Turn out onto serving plate spoon over extra juice to cover any white part still showing. Serve with clotted cream or ice cream., ingredients: [2 pounds mixed summer berries strawberries, raspberries, red currants, black currants, black cherries, 6 ounces powdered sugar, 1 12 pint pudding basin, 7 to 8 slices white bread], title: SUMMER PUDDING, picturelink: null}, 975: {instructions: For the Chicken Mole:nPreheat oil in a large saucepan or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat.nMix the flour with salt and pepper. Dredge the chicken pieces in flour, shake off excess and fry until golden brown and meat is cooked through. Remove from pan and drain on paper towels.nMeanwhile mix water or chicken broth with mole sauce in large skillet and heat, stirring to dissolve mole. When mixture comes to a soft boil add the chicken and simmer. Adjust seasoning, as needed with additional salt.nFor the Salsa Relish:nMix all the ingredients together in a large bowl and set aside. The relish can be made up to 2 hours ahead, do not refrigerate.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nOn a large heat proof platter, spread 12 the bag of tortilla chips then layer with 1 to 1 12 cups of the shredded pepper jack cheese covering all chips.nSpoon about 34 cup Salsa Relish over cheese or as much as you like, but dont use all of it, save some for serving on the side. Spread refried beans on top and layer with remaining chips.nSprinkle 1 to 1 12 cups of shredded pepper jack cheese on top of chips. Spoon the Chicken Mole on top of cheese and place into the oven. Heat in oven until cheese melts.nRemove from oven and top with remaining cheese, quartered olives and diced avocado. Dollop Crema Mexicana on top of this, as much as you like.nGarnish platter with lime wedges and serve with remaining salsa relish on the side., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, as needed for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 5 boneless skinless chicken thighs, cut into bite size pieces, 2 cups hot water or chicken broth, 14 cup mole sauce recommended: Dona Maria, 1 pint grape tomatoes, quartered, 4 yellow chile peppers, seeded and diced, 2 serrano chile peppers, seeded and diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and diced, 1 celery rib, diced, 4 green onions, sliced, 1 lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon garlic, 12 green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 12 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large bag limeflavored tortilla chips, 4 cups shredded pepper jack cheese, divided, 1 to 1 12 cups refried beans, heated thoroughly, add a little chicken broth or water to allow for a smooth spreadable consistency, 12 cup olives, quartered, 2 ripe avocados, diced, Crema Mexicana, sour cream, recommended: Cacique, 1 lime, cut into 8 wedges, for garnish], title: Chicken Mole Nachos, picturelink: xUcqkCtnrQifAXLakIwx1sCvCahAfgu}, 976: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 F. Line two 12cup standard muffin tins with paper cupcake liners and set aside.nIn a bowl, using an electric mixer, mix the cake mix, 1 13 cups water, oil and eggs on medium speed until moistened and smooth. Stir in 34 cup chocolate chips. Divide the batter evenly among the muffin cups, stirring it occasionally to redistribute the chocolate chips. The batter will nearly fill each liner to the top. Evenly sprinkle the remaining 14 cup chocolate chips over the tops of the cupcakes. Bake until the cupcakes spring back when lightly touched, or a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool.nWhen cool, put the White Faux Buttercream out with spoons or small spatulas along with bowls of the cupcake toppings for the kids to decorate their own cupcakes.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, using the paddle attachment, whip the butter on high speed until very soft. Meanwhile, place a large sheet of parchment paper on a work surface. Using a large sifter, sift the confectioners sugar onto the parchment. This helps prevent clumping and makes the mixing easier. Lower the speed of the mixer and, using the parchment as a funnel, pour half the sugar into the bowl and mix slowly until combined. Add the milk and mix until combined. Once combined, add the remaining sugar with the vanilla and mix. Once it is combined, turn the mixer speed up and beat the icing until very light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. If desired, divide the icing into smaller batches and color with food coloring.nSpread the icing on cooled cupcakes while at room temperature. Refrigerate any leftover icing, but be sure to let it come back to room temperature before using. Rewhip the icing to make it fluffy again. Makes 4 cups enough for 24 cupcakes.nYield: about 8 cups, enough for at least 6 dozen cupcakesnPrep Time: 10 minutes Ease of preparation: easy, ingredients: [1 box devils food cake mix, such as Duncan Hines Moist Deluxe, 12 cup vegetable oil, 3 eggs, 1 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips, 2 to 3 cups White Faux Buttercream, recipe follows, colored or swirled with your favorite color, Licorice whips, Crushed peppermint candies, Crushed lemon drops, Multicolored jimmies or nonpareils, Mini white and dark chocolate chips, Small chocolate candies, Colored decorating sugars, Cereals such as corn pops, fruit rings or graham cracker cereal squares, 3 sticks 12 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons whole milk, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Food coloring, such as yellow, blue and red, or your favorite, if desired], title: Quick Double Chocolate Cupcakes, picturelink: IUXvC3PnS8niRwIPT..zvYnYwXKES}, 977: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: poultry flavor injector available at gourmet stores.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace the chiles and 2 cups of chicken broth in medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, and then turn off the heat. Let the chiles stand for 5 to 10 minutes to soften.nMix 34 cup of chicken broth, melted butter, and tequila in a small metal bowl. Season with salt. Using a kitchen flavor injector, inject the mixture into the thighs, breasts, and legs of the turkey. If the mixture solidifies, place the bowl over a gas burner or in a warm oven until the butter melts.nPlace the turkey on a rack set in a large roasting pan. Tuck the wing tips under the turkey body. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine. Place the giblets in the pan.nTransfer the chiles with their liquid to a blender. Add the apricot preserves, oregano, and garlic and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTransfer the chile puree to a medium saucepan. Rub about 1 cup of the chile puree all over the turkey reserve the rest for the sauce at the end, working some of it between the breast and the skin. Season the turkey generously with salt and pepper.nAdd 1 cup broth to the roasting pan and roast for 45 minutes.nReduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Continue roasting the turkey until a thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 165 degrees F, about 2 hours longer, basting every 20 minutes with drippings. Cover the turkey loosely with foil if it begins to brown.nTransfer the turkey to a platter, reserving the pan juices, and allow to rest while preparing the sauce.nStrain the pan juices into a large, heavy saucepan and discard any solids. Spoon the fat from the top of the liquid and discard. Add the remaining chile puree to the saucepan and stir until well combined. Boil over high heat until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nGarnish the turkey with dried apricots, dried chiles, and fresh cilantro. Serve with the chile puree alongside., ingredients: [5 California dried Anaheim chiles, stemmed and seeded, 3 34 cups chicken broth, divided, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons tequila, Salt, 1 14pound turkey, giblets removed and reserved, 13 cup apricot preserves recommended: Bon Maman, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, crumbled, 2 cloves garlic, Freshly ground black pepper, Dried apricots, California chiles, fresh cilantro, for garnish.], title: Apricot and Tequila Glazed Turkey, picturelink: Xwp0y51HW9ELtXuAD9AkcQo920Ja4PC}, 978: {instructions: Fry corn tortillas in 1inch of hot oil until crispy. Set aside on paper towels to drain excess oil. Warm the black beans in a saucepan over medium heat. Add tomatoes, onion, cilantro and salt and pepper to saucepan. Reduce sauce over medium heat until flavors meld and ingredients come together. Fry eggs overeasy or overhard in fry pan.nTo assemble: Plate corn tortillas. Top with black beans. Place eggs over black beans. Add rancheros sauce on top of eggs. Garnish top with avocado, sprig of cilantro and a side of sour cream., ingredients: [12 small corn tortillas, Oil, 2 14 cups black beans, 2 tomatoes, diced, 1 onion, diced, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, plus sprigs for garnish, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 large eggs, Sliced avocado, for garnish, 4 tablespoons sour cream], title: Huevos Rancheros Recipe, picturelink: Z5dsGzoaIRPIoSvgPbWR0zSuTXH7ki}, 979: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Season the chicken on both sides with salt and pepper. In an ovenproof saute pan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Sear the chicken, skinside down, until skin is nice and crispy. Turn the chicken skinside up and transfer to the oven to cook for 12 to 14 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink. Remove the chicken from pan, cover loosely with foil, and set aside. In the same pan, saute the bacon for 4 minutes or until beginning to crisp. Add the mushrooms, shallots and garlic saute for 2 minutes or until tender. Add the white wine, stirring and scraping to remove any browned bits on the bottom of the pan. Simmer for 2 minutes more. Add the chicken stock simmer for 4 minutes. Whisk in the butter.nArrange the chicken on a serving platter, spoon the mushroom mixture into the middle of the platter, and place the arugula on top of each piece of chicken., ingredients: [4 boneless chicken breast halves, skin on, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 cup diced bacon, 34 pound fresh morel mushrooms, 2 tablespoons diced shallots, 2 tablespoons shaved garlic, 1 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stock or broth, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 to 8 arugula leaves], title: PanRoasted Breast of Chicken with Morels and Arugula, picturelink: null}, 980: {instructions: In a food processor with the knife blade attached, pulse 1 cup frozen strawberries until finely chopped. Transfer the chopped berries to a large metal bowl. Add the yogurt, sugar, vanilla and remaining strawberries to the food processor and puree until smooth. Transfer to the bowl with the frozen strawberries and stir until well combined. Cover and freeze until firm but not hard, about 1 hour. Garnish with fresh strawberries., ingredients: [1 pound frozen strawberries, 1 cup 2percent plain Greek yogurt, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Fresh strawberries, sliced, for garnish], title: Strawberry Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 981: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder, salt, and cloves in a small bowl. Beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer at mediumhigh speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes in a standing mixer preferably fitted with paddle attachment or 6 minutes with a handheld beater. Beat in the egg and vanilla. Reduce speed to low, then add flour mixture and mix until just combined.nForm dough into a 12inch log 2 inches in diameter on a sheet of plastic wrap and roll up in the plastic wrap. Chill dough in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nCut 12inch thick slices from the log with a sharp knife and arrange on 2 ungreased large baking sheets, about 1inch apart.nFor basic sugar cookies, sprinkle generously with coarse sugar and bake for 15 minutes or until lightly browned and slightly puffed.nCool on baking sheets for 3 minutes, then transfer with a metal spatula to racks to cool completely.nFor Chocolate and Walnut Cookies:nMake basic dough according to recipe above, but adding the cocoa powder to the flour mixture and folding in the nuts just after mixing the batter. Bake for 15 minutes and then cool on sheets for 3 minutes before transferring to racks to cool completely.nFor AlmondOrange Cookies:nMake basic dough according to recipe above, but adding both the orange zest and ground almonds when you add the flour mixture.nWhen cookies are formed, make a slight depression in the middle and fill each with about 1 teaspoon marmalade. Top each with a good pinch of sliced almonds. Bake for 20 minutes and then cool on sheets for 3 minutes before transferring to racks to cool completely., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 6 tablespoons cocoa powder, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 12 orange, zested, 12 cup sliced almonds, finely chopped in a blender to a coarse flour consistency, 24 teaspoons chunky marmalade, 12 cup sliced almonds, for topping, Coarse sugar, for sugar cookies only], title: Holiday Cookies: One Dough, Three Holiday Cookies, picturelink: u8Q8AwexokIPGzLMBqJbkAQzNbMfi4e}, 982: {instructions: Put the shrimp in a large bowl of ice water. Add 1 tablespoon salt stir to dissolve and set aside 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the corn, 12 teaspoon minced garlic and all but a few tablespoons of the scallions season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the corn starts browning, about 4 minutes. Add 34 cup water and the tomatoes. Bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to medium low and cook until the corn is very tender, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, hot sauce, rosemary and the remaining garlic in another large skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Drain the shrimp, pat dry and add to the skillet. Add the remaining 4 tablespoons butter swirl to melt. Cook, spooning the liquid over the shrimp, until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Serve the shrimp over the corn mixture top with the reserved scallions. Serve with the bread and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 14 pounds extralarge shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails intact, Kosher salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 3 cups frozen corn kernels, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 6 scallions, thinly sliced, Freshly ground pepper, 1 cup canned diced fireroasted tomatoes with green chiles, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 lemon 12 juiced, 12 cut into wedges, 1 12 teaspoons hot sauce, 12 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, 8 slices baguette, for serving], title: Cajun Shrimp and Corn, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 983: {instructions: BEAT 1 34 cups cookie mix, peanut butter, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 1 egg and vanilla in medium bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until blended.nSTIR flour, salt and remaining cookie mix in a separate medium bowl until blended. Add chocolate hazelnut spread, remaining 3 tablespoons melted butter and 1 egg. Beat with electric mixer on medium speed until well blended. Dough will be stiff. Divide both peanut butter dough and chocolate hazelnut dough in half to make 4 parts. Roll each part between 2 sheets of wax paper to make four 10 x 8inch rectangles. Stack flat layers of wrapped dough on top of each other on baking sheet. Chill 15 minutes.nREMOVE top sheets of wax paper from sheets of dough. Turn one peanut butter layer upside down onto one chocolate hazelnut layer, aligning corners. Remove wax paper from peanut butter layer. Allow dough to soften slightly, about 3 minutes. Beginning on one long side, roll up dough to make a log, making sure the center is rolled tightly with no air pockets. Roll wax paper around log. Repeat with remaining 2 sheets of dough. Freeze 1 hour.nHEAT oven to 375 degrees F. Cut logs into 14inch slices. Place on ungreased baking sheet. Bake 7 to 8 minutes or until just lightly browned. Cool on baking sheet 2 minutes. Remove to wire rack to cool completely.nSpread peanut butter andor chocolate hazelnut spread in a thin layer on bottom side of half the cookies. Place another cookie, bottom side down, on top of peanut butter layer to make sandwich cookies. Makes 3 dozen., ingredients: [1 pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Sugar Cookie Mix, 14 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 6 tbsps. butter, melted, divided, 2 large eggs, divided, 12 tsp. vanilla extract, 12 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 14 tsp. salt, 12 cup Jifu00ae Chocolate Flavored Hazelnut Spread], title: JIFandreg Chocolate Hazelnut Peanut Butter Pinwheel Cookies, picturelink: tVBp1Uo0gVt.cpW.iM0apkuUbAAx7a}, 984: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the pasta to al dente according the package direction.nCombine the beer, halfandhalf and cream cheese in a large saucepan over mediumlow heat and cook, whisking, until the cream cheese is melted and well incorporated, about 5 minutes.nAdd the harissa and mustard powder to the saucepan. Season with salt and pepper and whisk to incorporate. Stir in the Cheddar and smoked gouda and cook, stirring, over low heat until all the cheese is melted.nAdd the pasta and toss to combine. Pour into an 8inch square baking dish. Combine the superaged gouda, breadcrumbs and oil in a small bowl and sprinkle over the top of the pasta. Bake until golden brown and bubbly, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [16 ounces shell pasta noodles, such as conchiglie, 8 ounces amber beer, 8 ounces halfandhalf, 16 ounces cream cheese, 3 tablespoons wet harissa, 12 teaspoon mustard powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces extrasharp Cheddar, shredded about 2 12 cups, 6 ounces smoked gouda, shredded about 2 cups, 2 ounces superaged gouda, shredded about 12 cup, 13 cup breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Beer Cheese and Mac, picturelink: 0wyePaildBb6nBqf14P4zh3Kdx68GB2}, 985: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a castiron Dutch oven over mediumhigh for 5 minutes. Add the butter, sage, rosemary, shallots and a pinch of salt, and cook an additional 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.nMeanwhile, cut off the skinny neck of the squash and cut in half remove the stem, but leave unpeeled. Cut the bulb into 4 quarters. Remove the seeds and stringy flesh and add them to the Dutch oven. Cook until fragrant and golden, about 5 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the white wine and allow to reduce for a couple of minutes. The seed mixture should look rich and flavorful. Add 2 cups water and the chicken stock and nestle in the squash, fleshside up you should be able to just fit one nicesize squash in almost one layer. Cover and simmer until very tender, about 40 minutes.nOnce cooked, cool slightly, remove the squash, scoop out the flesh and place in powerful blender. Strain the liquid through a metal sieve, gently pressing against the solids to extract all of the flavor. Blend the broth with the squash until very creamy, about 1 solid minute on high. Wipe the Dutch oven clean and place the soup back into the pan. Heat gently, and then stir in the vanilla just before serving. Season with salt and pepper and pour over a little chunk of either cooked spicy sausage or a small lump of crab meat in a shooter glass. Top each shooter with a tiny bit of chopped chives., ingredients: [2 slices bacon, 3 tablespoons butter, 5 to 6 fresh sage leaves, 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, 1 shallot, chopped, Kosher salt, 1 butternut squash, 14 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 18 teaspoon vanilla extract, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups cooked spicy Italian sausage, or highquality lump crab meat, 14 cup finely chopped fresh chives, for garnish], title: Squash Soup Shooters, picturelink: null}, 986: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Line cookie sheet with foil spray with cooking spray. Between pieces of plastic wrap or waxed paper, place each chicken breast smooth side down gently pound with flat side of meat mallet or rolling pin until about 12 inch thick. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper to taste.n2. In shallow dish, mix butter, 3 tablespoons of the cooking sauce and the garlic powder. In another shallow dish, mix bread crumbs and cheese. Dip chicken into butter mixture, then dip into bread crumb mixture to coat. Place on cookie sheet.n3. Bake 12 to 15 minutes, turning once, until juice of chicken is clear when center of thickest part is cut at least 165 degrees F and coating is golden brown. Meanwhile, heat remaining sauce until hot. Serve chicken with pasta and sauce. Sprinkle with additional cheese and basil., ingredients: [4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, 14 cup butter, melted, 1 can 18 oz Progressou2122 Recipe Startersu2122 creamy Parmesan basil cooking sauce, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 23 cup Progressou00ae Italian style panko crispy bread crumbs, 23 cup finely shredded Parmesan or Asiago cheese, Hot cooked pasta or mashed potatoes, if desired, Garnishes, If Desired:, Additional shredded Parmesan or Asiago cheese, Chopped fresh basil or parsley], title: Crispy GarlicParmesan Chicken, picturelink: rca4Jg7a8xZcaseS70j2fRk6gEqlMW}, 987: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the sausage until golden, about 2 minutes. Season the chicken with salt and pepper, then toss with the flour in a bowl add to the skillet and cook until browned but not cooked through, about 3 minutes.nAdd the onion, peppers, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste and cook 3 minutes. Add the wine, scraping up any browned bits bring to a boil and cook until slightly reduced, about 1 minute. Add the broth and bring to a gentle simmer. Cover and cook until the sausage and chicken are cooked through, about 5 minutes.nTransfer the chicken, sausage and vegetables to a platter with a slotted spoon. Increase the heat to high and stir the parsley and cherry peppers and their liquid into the skillet boil until reduced by onethird, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Pour the sauce over the chicken mixture.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 pound sweet or hot Italian sausage, cut into chunks, 34 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into chunks, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 Italian green frying peppers, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 34 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, 2 jarred pickled cherry peppers, chopped, plus 2 tablespoons liquid from the jar], title: Chicken, Sausage and Peppers, picturelink: MZN.dXY7MXql2RiumqBgP6kzi6TEPG}, 988: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees.nMake bread crumbs:nIn a small bowl combine bread crumb ingredients. Bread crumbs may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered.nMake coulis:nLightly brush a shallow baking pan with additional oil and in it arrange tomatoes in one layer. Brush tomatoes with remaining tablespoon oil and season with salt and pepper. Wrap garlic tightly in foil and roast tomatoes and garlic in pan in middle of oven about 20 minutes, or until tomatoes are lightly browned and garlic is tender when pierced with a knife. Peel garlic and in a blender puree with tomatoes and vinegar until smooth, adding some water if coulis is too thick and season with salt and pepper. Coulis may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered.nIn a saucepan heat coulis over low heat, thinning with more water if coulis too thick, and season with salt and pepper. Keep coulis warm.nIn a small bowl stir together mayonnaise and mustard. Arrange fish fillets in a lightly oiled shallow baking pan and season with salt and pepper. Spread mayonnaise mixture evenly on top of fillets and pat bread crumbs evenly on top. Roast fillets in middle of oven until just cooked through, 7 to 10 minutes.nServe fillets on top of coulis., ingredients: [1 cup fresh bread crumbs from about 1 slice, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 14 cup chopped pitted Kalamata or other brinecured black olives about 5, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil plus additional for brushing pan, 1 12 pounds plum tomatoes about 6, cut into 14inchthick slices, 8 large garlic cloves, unpeeled, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, or to taste, Water for thinning coulis, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 4 1inchthick halibut or other firmfleshed fish fillets such as scrod each about 6 ounces], title: Halibut with Olive Tarragon Bread Crumbs on Roasted Tomato and Garlic Coulis, picturelink: null}, 989: {instructions: For the noodles: Bring a pot of water to a boil. Cook the spaghetti in the boiling water according to the package instructions. Drain, then drizzle with some sesame oil and a little soy sauce in a large bowl and toss.nFor the stirfry: While the noodles are cooking, mix together the soy sauce, sherry, brown sugar, cornstarch, sriracha and ginger in a bowl. Set aside.nHeat the peanut oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and bell peppers and cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds to 1 minute more, stirring continuously. Add the zucchini and stir it around, cooking it for 2 minutes more. Add the baby corn and broccoli and cook for a couple of minutes.nWhile the veggies are still firm, pour in the sauce. Stir the veggies in the sauce and cook until the sauce is very thick, 1 to 2 minutes more. If it needs to be a little saucier, pour in 14 to 12 cup hot water and splash in a little more soy sauce.nServe the stirfry over the noodles with a sprinkling of sesame seeds and some slice green onions., ingredients: [1 pound thin spaghetti, Sesame oil, for drizzling, Lowsodium soy sauce, for drizzling, 12 cup lowsodium soy sauce, plus more if needed, 2 tablespoons sherry or lowsodium vegetable broth, 2 tablespoons packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons sriracha more or less to taste, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 yellow onion, cut into large chunks, 1 red bell pepper, cut into large chunks, 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into large chunks, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 medium zucchini, cut into large wedges, One 15ounce can baby corn, drained, corn halved crosswise, 1 head broccoli, cut into florets, Sesame seeds, for serving, 2 green onions, sliced], title: Spicy Veggie StirFry, picturelink: kPg2XfRWB06m4nKBx1HuvNK1Sjsq3A.}, 990: {instructions: Mix flour and cornmeal, set aside. Soak zucchini in buttermilk for at least one hour. Coat in flour mixture. Deep fry until golden brown., ingredients: [1 pound zucchini, cut into shapes of choice wedges or rounds, etc., 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup flour, 12 cup cornmeal, Salt and pepper to taste, Peanut oil for frying], title: Fried Zucchini, picturelink: null}, 991: {instructions: Wash rice, soak in water for 30 minutes, remove rice and dry. Toast rice in a pan over medium heat with spices until rice is dry. Process in a blender until rice is 13 its original size.nMarinate beef 20 to 30 minutes in sauce. Coat beef all over with rice mix, drizzle with a little oil and steam approx 20 to 30 minutes.nIn a cast iron pan, roast filet until desired temperature, basting with butter. Remove from heat and rest the steak approximately 10 minutes, slice and season with fresh wasabi and soy sauce on the side.nPrep Time: 30 minutes, ingredients: [4 pieces Wagyu, 2inches long and 14inch thick, 2 cups rice, 12 cinnamon stick, 12 piece star anise, 1 piece dry citrus peel, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon toban jan, 2 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fermented sweet rice, strained, 1 tablespoon sakeshaoxing wine mix 5050, Drizzle of sesame oil, 1 pinch chicken bouillon, 4 ounce filet of Wagyu, Grated fresh wasabi, Soy sauce], title: Wagyu Two Ways, picturelink: null}, 992: {}, 993: {instructions: Special equipment: an 11by17inch baking sheetnPut 1 12 cups warm water about 110 degrees F and 1 teaspoon of the sugar in a large bowl. Sprinkle the yeast over the top, and set aside until bubbly, 5 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk together both flours and the salt in a medium bowl.nOnce the yeast is ready, add the oil to the bowl, then the flour mixture. Stir together the mixture with a wooden spoon until a shaggy dough forms. Transfer it to a work surface dusted with allpurpose flour, and knead the dough until it is smooth, elastic and slightly tacky, about 5 minutes.nLightly oil the bowl that held the flour mixture, put the ball of dough in it, cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nGenerously oil an 11by17inch baking sheet. Punch the dough down, and transfer it to the baking sheet. Gently stretch and pat the dough to the edges of the baking sheet with your hands it will recede slightly from the edges. If the dough is resistant, let it rest for about 10 minutes, then try again. Dimple the dough all over with your hands. Scatter the grapes over the top. Loosely cover, and let rise in a warm place until almost doubled in size, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. When the dough is ready, uncover, generously drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with the remaining 1 teaspoon sugar. Bake until the bread is golden brown and the grapes are soft and juicy, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool in the pan on a cooling rack. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 teaspoons sugar, One 14ounce packet dry active yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting and kneading, 1 cup whole wheat flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for oiling the bowl and baking sheet and for drizzling, 1 cup red grapes, halved], title: Kids Can Bake: Sweet Grape Focaccia Bread, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 994: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine flour, cocoa powder, salt and baking soda in a bowl. In a bowl of an electric mixer, or with a handheld mixer, combine butter and sugars until fluffy. Add egg, vanilla, and wine and combine. Slowly in batches add the flour mixture until just combined. Fold in the chocolate and cherries. On a nonstick cookie sheet, place a heaping tablespoon of dough for each cookie about 2 inches apart from each other. Bake 8 to 10 minutes, or until tops are still soft looking but edges look firm., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup good quality cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 stick butter, softened, 34 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup packed brown sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup dry red wine, such as burgundy, 10 ounces dark chocolate, broken into chunks, 1 cup dried tart cherries], title: Double Chocolate Cherry Cookies, picturelink: null}, 995: {instructions: In a saucepan heat the butter. Add the scallions, cover and simmer for 3 minutes or until soft. Add the broth and water and bring to a boil. Add the asparagus and simmer 5 minutes or until just tender. Add the peas and simmer 1 minute to heat through. Add the tofu or chicken, lettuce leaves and tarragon and simmer another couple of minutes or just until the romaine lettuce is wilted. Season well to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup finely sliced scallions, 4 cups chicken broth, 2 cups water, 1 pound asparagus, trimmed, peeled and cut on the bias in 1 inch pieces, 1 cup thawed frozen petite peas, 2 cups diced 12 inch cubes firm tofu or cubed boneless chicken, 1 cup chiffonade of lettuce leaves such as Boston or Romaine, 12 cup loosely packed tarragon leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Asparagus Main Course Soup, picturelink: null}, 996: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Quarter the chickens. Be careful to leave the breasts covered with skin. Be sure the oyster is left attached to the leg. Remove the thighbone and carefully cut off the drumsticks. Reserve until needed. In a large heavy bottomed stock pot, brown the bones and trimmings from the chickens with the chopped carrots and onions. Pour off the excess fat and moisten with the chicken or veal stock. Add the tomato paste and the bouquet garni. This produces an enriched stock for the sauce. Cook at a low simmer for 40 to 45 minutes, then strain and skim off any excess fat. Next gather all ingredients for the sauce, and measure out the wine and cognac. To assemble the dish, season the chicken with salt and pepper. In a large saute pan heat clarified butter and brown the chicken skin side down. When the chicken is browned, remove it from the pan and into a 375 degree oven. Remove excess fat from the pan, return the pan to the heat and saute the mushroom slices. After 2 minutes add the chopped shallots and saute for a couple of minutes longer. Remove the pan from the heat and add the Cognac. Return the pan to the heat and ignite the Cognac. When the flames have died down add the white wine. Reduce by half. Strain the reinforced stock and skim off any fat that has floated to the top. Add the stock to the mushroom mixture and continue reducing. Add the tomato concasse. When the sauce begins to thicken and coats the back of a spoon, swirl in the butter. Once the butter is incorporated and the chopped chervil and tarragon to taste. To assemble the dish, remove the chicken pieces from the oven. Remove the breastbone from the chicken breast. The advantage to removing the breastbone after cooking is that it helps the breast keep its shape and remain moist during cooking. Since breast tend to cook more quickly than thighs, removing the thighbone and leaving the breastbone intact during cooking ensures that the two are done at the same time. Place 1 piece of white meat and 1 piece of dark on a clean plate and cover with the sauce. Garnish with chopped chervil and tarragon and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 112 pound chickens, quartered, 1 12 ounces clarified butter for browning, Salt and pepper to taste, 10 12 cups brown veal stock or brown chicken stock, enriched with browned trimmings, 3 ounces carrots, medium chop, 3 ounces onions, medium chop, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 Bouquet Garni thyme, parsley stems, peppercorns, bay leaf, all wrapped in cheesecloth, 9 ounces sliced mushrooms, 1 shallot, small dice, 2 ounces cognac, 2 ounces white wine, 20 ounces enriched stock, 1 tablespoon tomato concasse, 3 ounces unsalted butter, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon finely chopped tarragon, 1 tablespoon finely chopped chervil], title: Poulet Saute Chasseur, picturelink: null}, 997: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Lightly butter a 2 quart shallow dish such an 9 inch square baking pan and set aside. Beat the butter until soft then gradually add the sugar, beating until well blended. Beat in the yolks one at a time, then add the milk, salt, flour, lemon zest and juice and beat to mix thoroughly. Dont worry if the mixture looks curdled. Beat the egg whites with a pinch of salt until they form soft peaks. Then lighten the lemon egg mixture with 14 of the beaten egg whites, then fold the remaining egg whites into this lightened batter. Turn this mixture into the prepared baking pan and set it in a larger baking pan. Pour in enough boiling water to come half way up the sides of the baking dish with the pudding and bake for 50 minutes to an hour. The custard will separate into a soft custardlike mixture on the bottom and a cakier spongy like texture on the top. If the top begins to brown after 35 minutes of baking loosely cover the top with buttered foil. Serve warm or chilled with or without whipped cream., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, separated, 1 14 cups milk, Pinch salt, 13 cup flour, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 12 cup lemon juice], title: Lemon Pudding, picturelink: null}, 998: {instructions: Slice ends off oranges and stand upright. Cut away the skin and membrane, exposing fruit. Cut between the membranes to remove the sections and place in a large bowl. Remove and discard any seeds. Add mangoes, pineapple, jicama, lime juice, sugar, cilantro and coconut to bowl and stir to combine.nTo serve salad, place lettuce leaves on individual chilled plates or a serving platter, and spoon fruit on top., ingredients: [2 oranges, 2 mangoes, peeled and diced, 1 pineapple, peeled and diced, 1 small jicama, peeled and diced, 14 cup lime juice, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 cup fresh grated coconut or dried, unsweetened shredded coconut], title: Jicama and Tropical Fruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 999: {instructions: Mix the tuna with 3 tablespoons Ghost Pepper Sauce and the mayonnaise. In a separate bowl, mix the crabmeat with the remaining 3 tablespoons Ghost Pepper Sauce, habanero powder and sliced habanero peppers.nWet your hands with water, and then press the Sushi Rice onto the seaweed paper evenly, about 14inch thick. Sprinkle the sesame seeds and some habanero powder over the rice. Flip over so the seaweed paper is facing up. Add the tuna mixture and shrimp tempura down the center of the seaweed. Place the seaweed paper onto a bamboo sushi mat and roll the seaweed paper tightly. Remove the mat and add the crab mixture on top of the roll. Place a piece of plastic film over the roll and, with the sushi mat, press it over the plastic film and roll to make certain the crab is pressed onto the roll. Remove the mat and gently remove the plastic film. Cut the roll into 8 pieces.nTo serve, place the sushi roll onto a serving plate and drizzle Ghost Pepper Sauce over and around the roll. Top the roll with the micro cilantro and sprinkle the pop rock candy around the roll.nIn a medium bowl, mix the habanero and ghost peppers with both the hot sauces, Sriracha, chili paste, chili sauce, chili powder, ichimi, lemon pepper seasoning, lime juice, sesame oil and shallots to create the ghost pepper sauce. Let stand for 1 hour. Then blend for 30 seconds. WARNING Please keep in mind that these are some of the hottest chiles in the world. So handle carefully with latex gloves.nMix the rice vinegar in a bowl with the sugar and salt.nIn a steamer, cook the sushi rice with 1 cup water for 45 minutes. After your rice is done cooking, add the sushi vinegar and mix together with a wooden spoon. Let the rice cool for 10 minutes., ingredients: [3 ounces ahi tuna, minced, 6 tablespoons Ghost Pepper Sauce, plus more for drizzling, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon mayonnaise, 3 ounces lump crabmeat, 13 teaspoon habanero powder, plus more for sprinkling, 2 habanero peppers, sliced, 2 pieces 2125 shrimp tempura you can find at any Asian market, deepfried, 7 ounces Sushi Rice, recipe follows, 1 sheet seaweed paper nori, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, Micro cilantro, for garnish, 1 teaspoon pop rock candy, for garnish, 5 habanero peppers, cut into small pieces, 2 ghost chile peppers, cut into small pieces, 4 tablespoons hot sauce, such as Franks, 3 tablespoons hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 3 tablespoons Sriracha chili sauce, 2 tablespoons Korean chili paste, 2 tablespoons sambal olek chili sauce, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ichimi Japanese chili powder, 1 teaspoon lemon pepper seasoning, 1 teaspoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon spicy sesame oil, 1 teaspoon fried shallots, 1 cup rice vinegar, 7 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup sushi rice], title: Fire Breathing Dragon Roll, picturelink: null}, 1000: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHave a hot pad or kitchen towel and a paper grocery bag or large baking sheet handy. Heat the vegetable oil in a large heavybottomed Dutch oven or pan over medium heat. Place a couple of kernels of popcorn in the pan. When the kernels pop, proceed to the next step.nOnce the oil is hot enough, add the butter and stir quickly into the oil to prevent burning. Immediately add the popcorn and stir the butter may not be completely melted. Add the sugar right away and stir again. Cover the pan, and start shaking it gently back and forth on the burner, using a hot pad or kitchen towel to protect your hands. Keep shaking as the popcorn pops.nOnce you start hearing 1 or 2 seconds of quiet between the pops, turn the heat off immediately. This means the popcorn is mostly popped. Be careful not to overcook, as the popcorn can easily burn. Pour the popcorn into the paper bag or onto the baking sheet and sprinkle with salt, cinnamon, and cayenne. Allow to cool a few minutes before placing in a bowl. Careful, the hot sugar makes the popcorn extremely hot, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup popcorn kernels unpopped, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon cayenne], title: Spiced Kettle Corn, picturelink: l5gLRB.5pfYMsEq31OYdeDpacc2DSC}, 1001: {instructions: method method method...., ingredients: [1 cup rice], title: QA, picturelink: null}, 1002: {instructions: Combine salmon, corn, tomatoes, clam juice and rice. Cover and simmer for 20 minutes until rice is tender season with salt and pepper and garnish with scallion., ingredients: [7 ounce can salmon drained, 1 cup thawed frozen corn kernels, 14 12 ounce can Italian style stewed tomatoes, 8 ounce bottle clam juice, 14 cup long grain rice, Salt and pepper, Green onion, thinly sliced], title: No Work Salmon Chowder, picturelink: null}, 1003: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to boil, add pasta and cook until a little less than al dente, about 3 minutes. Drain pasta, reserving 12 cup of the cooking liquid. In the same pot, combine the chicken stock and cooking liquid and simmer to reduce. In another large pot of boiling salted water, blanch the broccoli, carrots, yellow squash, peas and then plunge them in ice water to refresh. In a skillet, heat oil and add the tomatoes including their liquid and garlic and simmer for 3 minutes. Stir in parsley and basil. Add the cream to the simmering chicken stock. Then add the pasta to the simmering chicken stock mixture and toss to combine. Add the blanched vegetables and toss gently until just heated through. Transfer to a serving dish and top with tomato sauce, freshly ground black pepper and Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [8 ounces penne or rotelle, reserve 12 cup pasta cooking liquid, 34 cup chicken stock, 1 cup broccoli florets, 1 cup thinly sliced carrots, 1 cup thinly sliced yellow squash, 12 cup fresh or frozen petits pois, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cups seeded and diced plum tomatoes, including juices, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons each minced fresh parsley and basil, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Pasta Primavera, picturelink: null}, 1004: {instructions: To make the sauce: First make a Parmigiano cream by combining Parmigiano cheese, milk, and butter in a stainless steel bowl. Rest a bowl over a pot of simmering water. Stir until creamy and uniform and set aside. Cook the tagliolini in a pot of boiling salted water. Stir to prevent the pasta from sticking together. While the pasta is cooking fresh pasta takes very little time to cook, place olive oil and rosewater in a saucepan over low heat. Add the chopped pistachios, ricotta and saffron. Mix thoroughly.nDrain the pasta approximately 2 minutes before the al dente stage, reserving some of the pasta water. Add the pasta and the reserved pasta water to the saucepan. Mix well. Then add the Parmigiano cream, salt, to taste and stir thoroughly. Sprinkle with Parmigiano cheese and parsley. Plate and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup228 g, finely grated Parmigiano cheese, plus extra for sprinkling, 12 cup117 ml milk, 1 tablespoon14 g unsalted butter, 12 ounces362 g fresh tagliolini pasta, 4 tablespoons59 ml extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons44 ml rosewater, 12 cup114 g pistachios, shelled and chopped, 3 12 ounces100 g fresh sheeps milk ricotta cheese, Sprinkle saffron, Salt, Bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Pasta AntoTe, picturelink: null}, 1005: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat oil in a pot. Saute bell pepper, onion, and garlic in the hot oil for 5 minutes. Let it cool. Mix soy sauce, salt, black pepper, eggs, cream, and bread crumbs together well. Add oil, bell pepper, onion, and garlic and mix well. By hand, mix ground beef.nPlace 612 pounds of this mix into each meatloaf pan. Ice the top of each loaf with 12 cup of tomato paste. Bake for about 2 hours, until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees. Remove the pans from the oven and drain all of the grease out well. Cool in pans until cool enough to turn out. Serve with Meatloaf Gravy.nMelt butter in large pot. When hot, add onions, mushrooms, and garlic and saute until softened and golden. Add flour and mix in well to make a roux. Add water, beef base, bay leaves, and pepper and mix well. Bring to a boil. Then simmer for 30 minutes or until thickened enough. Strain and cool., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 4 pounds red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and minced, 4 pounds onion, trimmed and minced, 1 12 cups minced garlic, 1 12 cups soy sauce, 6 tablespoons salt, 4 tablespoons black pepper, 24 eggs, 6 cups cream, 10 pounds bread crumbs, 31 pounds ground beef, 3 12 cups tomato paste, Meatloaf Gravy, recipe follows, 3 pounds butter, 5 pounds diced onions, 5 pounds chopped mushrooms, 14 cup minced garlic, 2 34 pounds pastry flour, 5 12 gallon water, 1 34 pounds beef base, 10 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons black pepper], title: Eds Moms Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 1006: {instructions: Kabobs:nIn a small bowl, mix first 5 ingredients together to make a marinade. Set marinade aside. In a medium bowl, place vegetables and pineapple. Place pork in a different medium bowl. Distribute marinade evenly between the 2 bowls and toss pork to coat. Refrigerate at least 15 minutes, or up to 8 hours.nPreheat the broiler.nThread the pork, vegetables, and pineapple alternately on 4 skewers. Place skewers in a broiling pan and broil until pork is cooked through and beginning to brown, turning skewers halfway through cooking, about 5 minutes per side.nFried Rice:nOpen fried rice package and reserve seasonings. Combine rice and butter in a heavy large skillet and saute over medium heat until rice is golden brown, about 2 minutes. Gradually add 2 cups water, soy sauce, and seasonings from fried rice package. Bring to a boil. Cover skillet and reduce heat to low. Simmer until rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and sprinkle pineapple, peas, carrots, and corn over rice mixture. Cover and let stand for 5 minutes. Fluff rice with a fork and mix in pineapple, peas, carrots, and corn., ingredients: [13 cup sweet and sour sauce, 14 cup pineapple juice from canned pineapple, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 teaspoon fresh ginger, peeled and minced, 12 green bell pepper, cut into quarters, 12 red bell pepper, cut into quarters, 12 8ounce can pineapple chunks, drained, 1 pound pork tenderloin, cut crosswise into 4 equal pieces, 4 10inch wooden skewers, soaked in water for 10 minutes to keep from burning, 1 package 6.25 ounces fried rice, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cups water, 12 cup canned crushed pineapple, drained, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 13 cup frozen peas and carrots, thawed, 14 cup frozen cut corn kernels, thawed], title: Sweet and Sour Pork Kabobs with Fried Rice, picturelink: null}, 1007: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until just starting to crisp but still pliable, about 5 minutes. Remove 1 slice to a paper towellined plate. Continue cooking the remaining bacon until browned and crisp, 2 to 3 more minutes remove to the plate. Halve the slice of lesscooked bacon lengthwise. Finely chop the remaining bacon.nBeat the cream cheese in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth and creamy, about 2 minutes. Add the cheddar, scallions, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, a pinch of salt and the chopped bacon beat until combined. Refrigerate until slightly firm, about 30 minutes.nForm the cheese mixture into 3 balls about 2 inches, 2 12 inches and 3 inches. Refrigerate until firm, at least 30 more minutes.nMeanwhile, freeze the Monterey jack cheese 1 hour this will make it less clumpy when grated. Grate the cheese on the small holes of a box grater. Gently press all over the cheese balls to coat completely. Put the 3inch cheese ball on a small serving plate insert a 4inch wooden skewer into the middle. Stack the 2 12inch and 2inch balls on top, securing on the skewer.nPress the currants into the top cheese ball for eyes add a carrot nose. Use the halved bacon to make a scarf and add rosemary sprigs for arms. Place the pretzel crisp on top for a hat brim. Cut off about onethird of the olive so that it sits flat place on top of the pretzel crisp for the hat. Serve with more pretzel crisps.nPhotograph by Cory Dawson, ingredients: [4 slices bacon, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup shredded smoked cheddar cheese about 4 ounces, 2 scallions white and light green parts, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, Kosher salt, 4 ounces Monterey jack cheese, 2 dried currants, 1 baby carrot, trimmed, 2 sprigs rosemary, 1 pretzel crisp, plus more for serving, 1 pitted jumbo black olive], title: Name This Dish Cheese Ball, picturelink: mqXybd3nspMn6ynfdGJtm3s4nfK9T2}, 1008: {instructions: For the tart:nMix dry ingredients in bowl. Add butter and mix into flour until pea size. Add water gradually and knead until dough comes together. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate until well chilled. Divide into 4 pieces and roll out on floured surface. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes at 400 degrees F until lightly brown.nFor the grilled asparagus:nIn a mixing bowl, combine asparagus and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Add lemon zest and toss with asparagus. Grill until desired doneness.nTo finish:nBake pancetta at 400 degrees F until crispy. Arrange chevre on top of tart disc and top with asparagus. Bake at 400 degrees F until hot. Cook eggs any way desired until done and place on top of asparagus Top with crispy pancetta and enjoy., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 4 ounces butter, cold, diced, 12 cup ice water, 28 asparagus spears, Olive oil, to coat, 1 lemon, zested, Salt, Pepper, 8 thin slices pancetta, 6 ounces chevre, 8 eggs], title: Grilled Asparagus Tart, picturelink: Aa7Cu.i7CutUV6fLL.umtryZINQmmy.}, 1009: {instructions: Place a blender onto the counter and add all 4 of the tomatoes and 12 cup of the vegetable stock. Cover and blend altogether until the tomatoes are completely pureed. Add the remaining vegetable stock and pulse for a few more seconds to combine.nPlace mixture into a saucepan or stovetop safe fondue pot, add the sliced ginger and roughly chopped cilantro, cover and place on medium heat until the mixture comes to a boil.nWhile the sauce is heating, take the seafood out of the refrigerator and begin to arrange the fish on a plate.nAs soon as the sauce has come to the boil, transfer the pot onto the heat station on the table, and continue to keep the mixture at boiling point. If the liquid seems to have reduced just add more vegetable stock.nTake a skewer and a piece of fish, skewer the fish and dip it into the sauce. Wait just a few seconds and taste with dipping sauces.nServe the seafood dippers with Lemon Mayonnaise and Ginger CreamnIn a mixing bowl combine the mayonnaise, lemon zest and juice.nYield: 8 servingsnPrep Time: 5 minutesnDifficulty: EasynIn a food processor place both heads of the ginger, pulse the ginger until it has become a pulp. Place the mayonnaise into a mixing bowl.nPlace a clean kitchen towel or cheesecloth over a bowl transfer the pulp onto the towel. Pick up the towel by all 4 corners.nTwist the kitchen towel very tightly over the mixing bowl, and let the ginger juice pour into the bowl. Stir in the mayonnaise, mix well and serve.nYield: 8 servingsnPrep Time: 5 minutesnDifficulty: Easy, ingredients: [4 large tomatoes, seeds removed, 4 cups vegetable stock, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, sliced, 2 tablespoon roughly chopped cilantro leaves, 12 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 pound salmon tail, sliced thinly, 12 pound scallops, sliced in 12, Lemon Mayonnaise, for serving, recipe follows, Ginger Cream, for serving, recipe follows, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 large lemon, zested and juiced, 2 hands fresh ginger, chopped into 12inch pieces, skin on, 12 cup mayonnaise], title: Savory Tomato Shabu Shabu with Seafood Dippers, picturelink: Vi24wjq14WRAguScLYGGrYNB8Bwziu}, 1010: {instructions: 1. Smash the garlic cloves, sprinkle with 2 teaspoons kosher salt, and, with the flat side of a large knife, mash and smear the mixture into a coarse paste. Transfer to a lidded storage container. Add 12 teaspoon pepper and the lemon zest. Whisk in 14 cup of the lemon juice and 13 cup olive oil. Add the chicken cutlets toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour or up to overnight.n2. Heat a heavy grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, cook the chicken cutlets until charred and cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to serving plates.n3. Toss the arugula and tomatoes in a medium bowl with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the remaining 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice, and season with salt and pepper. Divide evenly and mound on top of each chicken cutlet. Top with cheese. Serve., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 13 cup fresh lemon juice from about 3 lemons, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 thin chicken cutlets about 2 pounds total, 4 cups loosely packed baby arugula, 1 tomato, diced, 14 cup shaved Parmesan, for serving], title: Lemon and Pepper Marinated Chicken Cutlets with Arugula, picturelink: null}, 1011: {instructions: Special equipment: 3 disposable pastry bagsnFor the crunch: Place the milk chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl. Fill a medium saucepan with a couple inches of water and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Alternatively, use a double boiler. Turn off the heat, set the bowl of chocolate over the water to melt and stir until smooth. Remove from the heat and stir in the cookie crumbs, peanut butter and butter. Reserve 12 cup of the mixture and set aside. Form twenty 12inch balls with the remaining crunch. Press your thumg into the center of each ball to make a hollow center. With the reserved 12 cup crunch, sculpt thin spider legs and twenty 12inch round discs to use as the bottoms. Set aside at room temperature until you are ready to assemble the spiders.nFor the chocolate ganache: Place the dark chocolate in a small heatproof bowl. In a small saucepan, bring the cream to a boil and pour over the dark chocolate. Let stand without stirring for a couple of minutes in order to let some of the chocolate melt. Stir in the butter, corn syrup and rum. Mix until smooth. Let sit at room temperature until you are ready to assemble the spiders.nFor the strawberry jelly: Mix 1 tablespoon of sugar with the pectin in a small bowl and set aside. Bring the strawberry puree to a boil in a small saucepan and slowly stir in the pectin sugar. Bring this mixture back to a low boil and add the corn syrup, lemon juice and remaining 23 cup sugar. Boil for approximately 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer the jelly to a small stainless mixing bowl and cover with plastic wrap to let cool.nTo assemble: Place the milk chocolate in a large heatproof bowl. Fill a large saucepan with a couple inches of water and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Turn off the heat, set the bowl over the water to melt and stir the chocolate until smooth.nTransfer the strawberry jelly and chocolate ganache to two separate pastry bags and snip the ends off. Fill each hollow crunch ball with equal parts jelly and ganache and cover with the bottom pieces of crunch to form the spider bodies. Refrigerate for about 20 minutes.nLay a sheet of parchment paper over a flat surface. Arrange the spider legs on the parchment, dip the bodies in the melted chocolate with the rounded side facing up. Attach the spider body to the arranged legs. Dust with cocoa powder, if desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons 1 34 ounces milk chocolate, chopped, 1 cup chocolate wafer cookie crumbs, 23 cup peanut butter, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 34 ounces dark chocolate couverture, chopped, 13 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon corn syrup, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 23 cup sugar, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 teaspoon apple pectin, 12 cup fresh strawberry puree, strained, 1 tablespoon corn syrup, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 2 pounds milk chocolate couverture, chopped, Cocoa powder, for dusting, optional], title: Crispy Creepy Crawly Spider Bites, picturelink: null}, 1012: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the radishes and carrots on a baking sheet and toss with the olive oil, thyme, salt, and pepper. Roast until tender yet firm in the center, about 20 minutes. Squeeze with a little lemon juice and serve., ingredients: [1 bunch small to medium radishes, about 12, 12 baby carrots, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Lemon half], title: Roasted Radishes and Carrots, picturelink: GETaQ01hrikvCdyYOwIrMpjPwPudO}, 1013: {instructions: Combine frozen vegetable medley in the bottom of a 5quart slow cooker. Season both sides of the chicken breasts with salt, pepper, and Italian seasoning. Place chicken on top of vegetables.nIn a large bowl, stir together pasta sauce, tomato paste, garlic and sherry. Pour 23 of the sauce over chicken and vegetables. Top the chicken with polenta slices and cover with remaining sauce. Cover and cook on the LOW setting for 4 to 5 hours.nServe hot with Parmesan., ingredients: [3 cups frozen primavera vegetable medley recommended: Birds Eye, 6 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, rinsed and patted dry, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons Italian seasoning recommended: McCormick, 1 14ounce jar pasta sauce, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic, 14 cup dry sherry, 1 24ounce tube premade polenta, sliced 12inch thick recommended: Gennaro, Grated Parmesan, for garnish], title: Chicken with Vegetable Ragout and Polenta, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 1014: {instructions: For the steak: Heat the canola oil in a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Sprinkle the steak on both sides with salt and crust one side of the steak with the pepper. Put the steak in the pan, pepperside down, and cook until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and continue cooking to mediumrare doneness, 4 to 5 minutes longer. Remove to a plate and let rest 10 minutes.nFor the vinaigrette: In a mixing bowl, combine the red wine vinegar and Dijon mustard and season with salt and pepper. Whisk lightly, then slowly stream in the extravirgin olive oil. Fold in the basil leaves.nFor the hash: Heat the canola oil in the pan, add the peppers and zucchini and cook, stirring a few times, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Next, add in the tomatoes and cook for 1 minute. Add the potatoes, season with salt and pepper and cook until lightly golden brown on all sides. Season with salt and pepper and transfer to a platter. Drizzle with some vinaigrette.nTo serve: Slice the steak and move to a serving platter. Drizzle with some vinaigrette. Serve alongside the hash., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, One 12ounce hangar steak, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium red bell pepper, diced, 1 medium yellow bell pepper, diced, 1 zucchini, diced, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup grape tomatoes, 2 large Yukon gold potatoes, par cooked in salted water not peeled and diced, 12 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Steak au Poivre and Ratatouille Hash, picturelink: null}, 1015: {instructions: Cut melon into 6 wedges top to bottom and cut off rind. Place in large plastic container with lid along with juice and gin. Marinate in refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours, turning over container from time to time to coat all slices. When ready to serve, slice each wedge into 4 to 5 thin slices and arrange as a fan on the plate. Drizzle remaining marinade over slices and garnish with lemon zest and mint. Place a small serving of Fresh LimeBasil Sorbet on top or beside, if you wish.nCombine all ingredients, except egg white, into a freezer friendly container and freeze 6 to 8 hours or overnight.nRemove from freezer and allow to soften a little. Put chunks of frozen mixture into a food processor and process until all crystals have disappeared and mixture is smooth. Repack into container and keep frozen until needed. This will keep for up to 2 months. If you prefer a lighter, less icy sorbet, add 1 egg white during processing., ingredients: [1 honeydew melon, ripe, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons gin, Lemon zest, Chopped mint, Fresh LimeBasil Sorbet, recipe follows, for serving, 1 cup fresh squeezed lime juice 8 to 10 limes, 1 cup water, 1 cup simple sugar syrup 1 cup sugar plus 1 cup water, boiled then cooled, 12 whole basil leaves, 1 egg white optional], title: Marinated Melon with Fresh LimeBasil Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 1016: {instructions: Crust:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix all ingredients together and press into the bottom of a 10inch springform pan. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside to cool.nWhite Chocolate Layer:nCream together cream cheese and sugar until fluffy. Add eggs 1 at a time then add remaining ingredients and mix until combined. Do not over mix. Pour white chocolate layer into a pan and refrigerate until youve finished mixing milk chocolate layer.nMilk Chocolate Layer:nCream together cream cheese and sugar until fluffy. Add eggs 1 at a time then add remaining ingredients and mix until combined. Do not over mix. Pour milk chocolate layer on top of white chocolate layer and bake for 1 hour 15 minutes to 1 hour 45 minutes.nFudge Cake Layer:nPrepare store bought cake mix as directed on package for 2 layer cake. Pour into 10inch round battered and floured cake pan. Add batter until about 23 full and bake as directed. Remove from oven and cool. Torte cake by cutting it in 2 layers horizontally making about 1inch cake layers. Put cooled, torted cake on top of cooled cheesecake.nDark Chocolate Ganache Frosting:nIn a heavy pan heat whipping cream, butter and powdered sugar to a boil while whisking constantly. Place chips in a large stainless steel bowl, add hot cream mixture and let set for 5 minutes. Whisk together until smooth. Let cool until it reaches spreading consistency. Cover assembled cheesecake. Garnish with as much chocolate as you can stand., ingredients: [2 12 cups chocolate cookie crumbs, 2 tablespoons chocolate sugar Chocolate sugar is sugar stored in an airtight container for at least 3 months with cocoa beans. Discard beans when using sugar., 6 to 8 tablespoons butter, melted, 20 ounce cream cheese, room temperature, 1 cup chocolate sugar, 3 eggs, room temperature, 8 ounces milk chocolate chips, melted, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 14 cup sweetened condensed milk, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 20 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 1 cup chocolate sugar, 3 eggs, 8 ounces white chocolate chips, melted, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 14 cup sweetened condensed milk, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 storebought fudge cake mix, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar, 24 ounces dark chocolate chips], title: Extreme Chocolate Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 1017: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCombine the coconut, condensed milk, and vanilla in a large bowl. Whip the egg whites and salt on high speed in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment until they make mediumfirm peaks. Carefully fold the egg whites into the coconut mixture.nDrop the batter onto sheet pans lined with parchment paper using either a 1 34inch diameter ice cream scoop, or 2 teaspoons. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until golden brown. Cool and serve., ingredients: [14 ounces sweetened shredded coconut, 14 ounces sweetened condensed milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 extralarge egg whites, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Coconut Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 1018: {instructions: Sprinkle the meat on all sides with the House Seasoning. Heat the oil until hot in a large pot, and then add the meat and sear on all sides. Add the carrots, parsnips and onions and saute for 2 minutes, and then add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more. Stir in the tomatoes, wine and bay leaf. Cook, covered, until tender, about 55 minutes. Uncover, release the steam and let rest in the pot before serving, 15 to 20 minutes.nCooks Note: This recipe can also be made in a slow cooker or conventional oven.nMix together the salt, garlic powder and pepper., ingredients: [One 2pound boneless chuck roast, cut into 1inch strips, 1 12 teaspoons House Seasoning, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive or canola oil, 1 pound carrots, quartered, 1 pound parsnips, quartered, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 12 cups canned whole tomatoes, 12 cup red wine, 1 dried bay leaf, 1 cup kosher salt, 14 cup garlic powder, 14 cup ground black pepper], title: Pot Roast Stew, picturelink: eJqs4k57Dh7pWO6VckoVsyvAtHf3vfW}, 1019: {instructions: PREPARE hot roll mix according to package directions using the hot water, softened butter and egg. Proceed through step 3. Allow dough to rest 5 minutes. Coat 12cup fluted cake pan with nostick cooking spray. Sprinkle nuts in bottom of prepared pan.nMIX sugar and cinnamon in shallow dish. Cut dough with sharp knife to make about 48, 1inch balls. Roll in melted butter, then cinnamonsugar mixture. Layer in pan on top of nuts. Combine caramel topping and syrup. Pour evenly over top of dough.nCOVER loosely with plastic wrap and towel. Let rise in warm place 30 minutes or until doubled in size. Remove cover.nHEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown. Immediately invert onto serving plate. Let rest 5 minutes. Remove pan. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 16 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Hot Roll Mix, 1 cup hot water, 120 degrees to 130 degrees F, 2 tbsps. butter, softened, 1 large egg, Criscou00ae Butter NoStick Cooking Spray, 12 cup coarsely chopped nuts, 1 cup sugar, 1 tbsp. ground cinnamon, 13 cup butter, melted, 23 cup Smuckersu00ae Caramel Spoonable Ice Cream Topping, 3 tbsps. Hungry Jacku00ae Microwave Ready Butter Flavored Syrup], title: Caramel Monkey Bread, picturelink: null}, 1020: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan.nSlice your bread thickly, and place slices on a dry grill to brown, about 30 seconds on both sides. Take canned tomatoes, place on cutting board, and slice. Add the basil to the canned tomatoes in a large bowl. Add olive oil and season with black pepper, to taste.nRemove carmelized bread from grill and rub each side with cloves of garlic. Top with spoonfuls of mixture and serve immediately.nc 2002 NapaStyle Inc. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 loaf day old country bread, 6 whole canned tomatoes, 6 roughly torn basil leaves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, peeled], title: Late Summer Tomato Bruschetta, picturelink: GBNW6adHFgCYFE67yBusXZ4FeCEMHm}, 1021: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray three 9inch cake pans with nonstick cooking spray with flour.nIn a large bowl, beat the butter and sugar at mediumhigh speed with an electric mixer until fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the sour cream and vanilla, beating until combined.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt. Gradually add to the butter mixture, alternately with the buttermilk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Add the melted chocolate, beating until combined.nSpoon the batter evenly into the prepared pans. Bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean, 18 to 22 minutes. Let cool in the pans for 10 minutes. Remove from the pans and cool completely on wire racks.nSpread twothirds of the CoconutPecan Filling evenly in between the cake layers. Place the cake in the freezer for at least 1 hour.nSpread Chocolate Ganache Frosting evenly over the top and sides of the cake. Spread the remaining onethird CoconutPecan Filling evenly over the top of the cake. Arrange the pecan halves around top and bottom of cake if desired. Garnish with chocolate curls if desired. Store the cake in the refrigerator.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the cream, sugar and egg yolks. Cook over mediumlow heat until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture coats the back of a spoon, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the coconut, pecans and butter, stirring until the butter is melted. Let stand until the mixture reaches room temperature. Yield: 5 cups.nIn a medium bowl, combine the chopped chocolate, butter and corn syrup. Pour the boiling cream over the chocolate mixture. Let stand for 1 minute. Stir until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth. Chill for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the frosting is a spreadable consistency., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray with flour, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, softened, 2 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup whole buttermilk, One 4ounce bar sweet baking chocolate, such as Bakers German, melted and cooled, CoconutPecan Filling, recipe follows, Chocolate Ganache Frosting, recipe follows, pecan halves, chocolate curls, 1 12 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 12 cups sugar, 5 egg yolks, 2 cups sweetened flaked coconut, 1 12 cups chopped toasted pecans, 6 tablespoons butter, Two 4ounce bars sweet baking chocolate, such as Bakers German, chopped, 14 cup 12 stick butter, softened, 1 12 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, boiling], title: German Chocolate Cake with CoconutPecan Filling, picturelink: null}, 1022: {instructions: Special equipment: GrillnCarefully peel back the husks from the corn without detaching them from the bottom. Remove the silk from the corn, fold the husks back around the ears, and soak the ears in water for 30 to 45 minutes.nWeigh down the ears so they are fully submerged.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh.nDrain the corn, open the husks, and dry the ears with paper towels. Fold the husks back over the corn and grill, turning often, for 3 to 4 minutes per side, turning 3 times.nWhile the corn is grilling, grill the bacon on the other half of the grill until crispy and golden brown and the poblanos and scallions until charred. Remove all items and set aside.nOnce the corn is cool enough to handle, cut the kernels from the cob, finely dice the scallions, seed and dice the poblano, and chop the bacon into bitesize pieces, placing everything in a large bowl. Mix in the bell pepper and onion.nWhisk together all the dressing ingredients in a medium bowl.nDress the salad lightly and serve., ingredients: [6 ears of corn, in the husk, 4 slices applewood smoked bacon, 2 poblano peppers, 2 scallions, 14 cup diced red bell pepper, 14 cup diced sweet onion, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup ranch dressing, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon agave syrup, 1 chipotle in adobo, minced, plus, 1 tablespoon adobo sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground], title: Chipotle Corn Salad with Grilled Bacon, picturelink: Bkz4Hupu1AkMCpwbBzoKkIT.l.iory}, 1023: {instructions: Fill ice trays with the coconut water and freeze until solid.nPlace the fruit, honey and 12 to 14 coconut waterflavored ice cubes into a blender and blend until smooth. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Coconut water, regular or flavored, 2 bananas, 2 mangos, 1 cup strawberries fresh or frozen, 12 cup Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Coconut Water Smoothie, picturelink: JKKxvurg7s4DXBIIqldJtb8GMHK8Rq}, 1024: {instructions: Place all of the above ingredients in a blender. Blend until very smooth.nUse as a sauce over very hot, boiled, and skinned potatoes., ingredients: [1 bunch cilantro, stems included, 6 small yellow chiles, seeded, 1 large pale green Hungarian chile, seeded, 1 bunch green onions, white and green parts included, 1 cup Mexican Crema, 12 cup olive oil, Juice of 1 lime], title: Papas con Crema Verde, picturelink: null}, 1025: {instructions: In a heated cast iron skillet heat tortilla and keep warm. Season eggs with salt and pepper. In a nonstick skillet melt butter and pour in eggs. Stir in scallions, tomato and cheese and cook over medium heat until eggs are scrambled. Top heated tortillas with egg mixture. Spoon on salsa to taste and fold in half to serve., ingredients: [1 flour tortilla, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 eggs, beaten, Salt and pepper, 2 scallions, sliced, 1 tomato, seeded and diced, 14 cup grated cheese, Salsa], title: Tortilla Breakfast Roll, picturelink: null}, 1026: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until they are lightly golden brown, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for 1 minute. Increase the heat to high, add the cardamom pods, cinnamon stick, cloves, water, salt, black pepper and saffron and bring to a boil. Stir in the rice, cover, reduce the heat and simmer until the rice is tender. Stir in the peas, cover, and let the pan sit off the heat for 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork and stir in the cilantro and scallions. Discard the cardamom pods, cinnamon stick and the cloves. Transfer the rice to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium yellow onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger, 6 cardamom pods, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 cloves, 3 12 cups water or vegetable stock, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch saffron, 2 cups basmati rice, rinsed and drained well, 34 cup frozen peas, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves coarsely chopped, 4 scallions, coarsely chopped], title: SaffronPea Basmati Rice Salad, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 1027: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, mix together the corn flakes, 14 cup of the sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg.nBring a large pot of water to a boil, salt, and boil the noodles according to package instructions. Drain, and transfer to a large bowl, and toss with the 13 cup butter.nMeanwhile, in large bowl, combine the cream cheese and remaining 12 cup sugar and mix, using a hand held mixer, until light and airy. Add the eggs, milk, and nectar and continue mixing until fully incorporated. Stir the cheese mixture evenly into the noodles. Transfer the noodle mixture into a buttered 9 x 13 x 2inch baking dish. Scrap the bowl with a rubber spatula to get all the custard. Scatter the top of the pudding with the corn flake mixture. Bake until set and golden brown, about 1 hour. Set aside to cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups crumbled corn flakes, 34 cup sugar, divided, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of nutmeg, 12 ounces wide egg noodles, 13 cup unsalted butter, plus more for buttering the baking dish, 1 pound cream cheese, 3 large eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 2 cups apricot nectar], title: Aunt Sylvias Noodle Pudding, picturelink: null}, 1028: {instructions: Put the chicken in a large pot with broth, onion, celery, bay leaf, seasoned salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 40 to 45 minutes or until chicken is tender. Thicken liquid in pot with flour mixed with 3 tablespoons water. Simmer for a few minutes more. Add a few drops of yellow food coloring.nDumpling Batter: Into a large bowl sift together the cake flour, baking powder and salt, and using a fork or pastry blender cut in vegetable shortening. Add parsley and green onion tops. In a separate bowl beat egg with milk. Stir wet ingredients into dry and blend together into a drop biscuit batter. Drop batter by teaspoonful onto simmering chicken. Cover pot and steam for 10 minutes, or until dumplings test clean with a toothpick. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [1 broilerfryer, cut up, 2 cups chicken broth or water, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 stalk celery, diced, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon seasoned salt, 12 teaspoon seasoned pepper, 12 teaspoon salt if using water, 2 tablespoons flour, Yellow food coloring, optional, 1 cup cake flour, sifted, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable shortening, 2 teaspoons parsley, chopped, 1 tablespoon green onion tops, chopped, 1 large egg, 3 tablespoons milk, Garnish: parsley sprigs], title: Chicken Fricassee with Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 1029: {instructions: Make a large salami and cheese sandwich with lettuce, tomato, and mayonnaise on the bread, reserving the bread heels for later use. Cut the sandwich into 2inch pieces. Arrange these in a snake curve on a platter. For the head, halve one heel and open it to make the snakes mouth.nWedge 2 carrot strip fangs into the mouth to hold it open. Cut a piece of red pepper into a tongue shape and set it between the fangs. Add broccoli florets for eyes and radish slices for eyebrows. Use the remaining heel at the tip for a tail, ingredients: [1 loaf French bread, 14 salami slices, 14 Provolone or American cheese slices, Lettuce, Sliced tomato, Mayonnaise, Carrot strips, Broccoli florets, Radish, Red pepper], title: Salami Snake, picturelink: null}, 1030: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.nTo make the beans: Melt the butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the cumin and coriander, and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the beans, jalapeno, and water and bring to a simmer. Using a potato masher or a large fork to smash the beans into a rough paste. Season with salt and transfer to a bowl.nPreheat a stovetop grill. Brush or drizzle oil over scallions, and then grill until soft and charred, 5 to 7 minutes. Cool and coarsely chop. In a small bowl, combine chicken with the chipotle and scallions.nToast the tortillas directly over a medium gas burner, turning occasionally until slightly blistered on each side. If you have an electric burner, do this in a dry cast iron skillet. Place the tortillas on the prepared baking sheet. Spread the beans on half of the tortilla, top with the chicken, salsa, and cheese. Fold the other half of the tortilla over the filling, to make a half moon shape. Lay another sheet of foil over the top of the quesadillas.nBake until the cheese melts and the filling hot, about 12 minutes. Serve whole or sliced into wedges, with optional garnishes.nHold the tortillas over an open burner until slightly blistered on each side. Put 4 tortillas down on the prepared baking sheet. On each tortilla, layer the fillings, and then top with another tortilla. Lay another sheet of foil over the top of the tortillas. Bake at 350 degrees F. until cheese is melted and the filling is hot, about 12 minutes.nHeat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of oil. When hot, lay a tortilla in the pan. Layer the filling ingredients on one half of the tortilla. Fold the other half of the tortilla over the filling, forming a taco shape. Remove to a prepared baking sheet and continue this process with the remaining tortillas. Bake at 350 degrees F until the cheese is melted and the filling is hot.nQuesadilla for one:nHeat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of oil. When hot, lay a tortilla in the pan. Layer the filling ingredients on one half of the tortilla. Fold the other half of the tortilla over the filling, forming a taco shape. Transfer the skillet to the oven, and cook until the cheese is melted and the filling is hot.nMethod for 6inch tortillas:n8 6inch tortillasnMethod for 10inch tortillas:n4 10inch tortillas, ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 can pinto or black beans,about 15 ounces rinsed and drained, 1 to 2 pickled jalapeno, roughly chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup water or chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 1 to 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 scallions white and green, trimmed, 2 cups shredded cooked chicken, about 8 ounces, 2 teaspoons minced chipotle peppers en adobo, 14 cup prepared salsa, 4 ounces shredded Montery jack cheese, about 1 cup, 4 10inch flour tortillas, Optional garnishes: sour cream, cilantro sprigs, salsa, Alternative methods, recipes follow, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, like soy, peanut, or corn], title: Chicken and Scallion Quesadilla, picturelink: null}, 1031: {instructions: Cut squash in half lengthwise, and scoop out the seeds. Arrange the halves cut side down in roasting pan that has been sprayed with nonstick vegetable oil spray. Bake squash in the oven for 4045 minutes or until very tender. Set aside to cool. When the squash is completely cool, scoop the flesh from the skin. While the squash is baking, cook the onion and the ginger in the butter in a saucepan, over moderately low heat, for 5 minutes or until the onion is softened, Add the broth and simmer the mixture for 10 minutes, covered. Add the squash pulp to the sauce pan. Transfer the mixture to a blender or food processor, in batches, and puree until smooth. Add enough water to achieve the desired consistency, and salt and pepper to taste. Return the soup to the sauce pan and cook over moderate heat until it is hot. Garnish each portion with the heaping teaspoon of lowfat sour cream., ingredients: [1 medium butternut squash about 2 14 pounds, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 1 medium onion, chopped about 1 cup, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, optional, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cups chicken broth, 12 cups water, as needed, Salt and pepper to taste, Sour cream for garnish], title: Butternut Squash Soup, picturelink: null}, 1032: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Pat the hens dry with a cloth. Slice lemon in half and squeeze juice into a medium bowl. Stuff hen cavities with half lemon, 2 cloves garlic and 12 branch of fresh rosemary. Add honey, oil and salt and pepper to lemon juice and blend together. Baste the hens with the lemon honey sauce. Place in a small roasting pan and roast for 20 minutes. Reduce heat and continue roasting for 20 to 30 minutes basting the hens occasionally. Roast the hens until the juices run clear from the thigh. Transfer hens to cutting board and let sit for 10 minutes. Place roasting pan on stove burner and stir in white wine. Bring to a simmer and scrape brown bits from bottom of pan. Stir in chicken stock and simmer. Serve hens hot with sauce., ingredients: [2 cornish hens, rinsed, 1 lemon, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 branch fresh rosemary or 2 teaspoons dried rosemary, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, 14 cup white wine, 12 cup chicken stock], title: Roasted Cornish Hens, picturelink: null}, 1033: {instructions: In a large saute pan over high heat place oil, add mushrooms and sear well. Add the shallots and continue to cook until mushrooms are tender and any liquid has evaporated. Place mixture in a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Refrigerate until completely cool.nIn a stainless mixing bowl place ground lamb, mushrooms, and herbs. Mix until well combined and season with salt and pepper.nDivide mixture in 12 and place between cellophane. Shape with fingers and spread to the same length and width of the lamb loin.nRoll the tenderloin in the mushroom powder this will provide a visual break between the loin and the tenderloin in the completed dish as well as enhance the flavor.nPosition each loin halfway on top of each of the ground lamb mix and place the tenderloin on top of the loin. Lift the cellophane and contour the meat around the tenderloin and press against the loin. Wrap with a single layer of caul fat and tie with butchers twine at 1inch intervals.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large ovenproof saute pan over high heat add vegetable oil, season meat and sear in pan until all sides are nicely browned. Place pan in the oven and continue to cook approximately 15 minutes until the desired temperature is reached.nRemove meat from pan and allow to rest 10 minutes before slicing twine can be removed.nDeglaze the pan with lamb stock, reduce to a sauce consistency and adjust seasoning.nServe on warm serving plates with potatoes, spinach and thick slices of the lamb. Spoon sauce over the top and serve.nIn a large pot of boiling, salted water, quickly blanch the spinach and refresh in ice water. Allow spinach to completely cool, then, using a clean dish towel wring out all of the excess water and finely chop.nIn a large sauce pot over medium heat place the cream. Bring the cream to a simmer and allow to reduce by 23, add nutmeg and season, to taste. Hold warm. Just before serving, add the spinach and mix well.nSlice potatoes 14inch thick and using a cookie cutter, punch out disks of the potato and place in cold water reserve the trim for another use.nIn a large saute pan over high heat, place duck fat and then add the potatoes which have been drained and patted dry. Cook potatoes until they have a tender interior and a golden exterior.nSeason and hold warm., ingredients: [1ounce olive oil, 1 pound chanterelle mushrooms, cleaned and sliced, 2 tablespoons minced shallot, 1 pound lamb trim meat, finely ground, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper, 2 lamb loins, fat and silverskin removed approximately 20 ounces each, 4 lamb tenderloins, fat and silverskin removed, 8 ounces dark mushroom powder available at gourmet stores, 8 ounces caul fat, 1ounce vegetable oil, 1 quart lamb stock, Creamed Spinach, recipe follows, Sauteed Potatoes, recipe follows, 1 pound fresh spinach, washed, 1 pint heavy cream, 1 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, Kosher salt and fresh cracked black pepper, 1 pound large Yukon gold potatoes, 4 ounces duck fat vegetable oil can be substituted], title: Boneless Colorado Lamb Porterhouse, picturelink: null}, 1034: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a skillet set over medium heat. Cook the onion and garlic until softened but not browned. Let cool and transfer to a large mixing bowl. Squeeze the excess milk from the bread and add the bread to the bowl. Add the beef, egg, oregano, coriander, cumin, cinnamon, nutmeg, lemon zest, salt, and pepper. Mix by hand until smooth. Form into little meatballs, about 1 ounce each.nHeat the remaining 14 cup oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Dust the meatballs in flour and shallowfry them until golden brown. Transfer to paper towels to drain.nTo serve: Place on a platter and garnish with lemon wedges and torn mint leaves.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus 14 cup, 12 cup grated onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup diced dayold bread, soaked in milk, 1 pound ground beef or lamb, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon fresh oregano, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch nutmeg, Grated zest of 1 lemon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour, for dusting, 12 lemon wedges, Mint leaves], title: Meatballs, picturelink: uO84fnGX0GlwiEQWrEiql.OKTpyT3y}, 1035: {instructions: Shake Lillet and orange juice in mixing glass with ice. Strain into chilled martini glass. Top with splash of champagne or gingerale. Garnish with orange peel flamed., ingredients: [2 ounces Lillet chilled, 2 ounces orange juice, Orange peel, for garnish], title: Breakfast Martini, picturelink: null}, 1036: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone liners.nFor the cookies: In a food processor, pulse together the flours, cocoa powder, baking powder, cinnamon, salt, nutmeg and the lemon and orange zests. Add the olive oil and butter and pulse until blended.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the sugar, milk, rum and egg until smooth. Gradually stir the flour mixture into the egg mixture until a stiff dough forms. With damp fingers, shape the dough into 1inch balls and place about 1inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until the cookies are firm to the touch, 10 to 11 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes, then transfer the cookies to wire racks to cool completely, about 15 more minutes.nFor the icing: Put the chocolate chips and cream in a heatproof medium bowl and place the bowl over a pan of barely simmering water. Stir frequently until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth.nDip the cookies halfway into the icing, then return them to the racks and let set at room temperature until firm, 1 12 to 2 hours., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup cake flour, 12 cup almond flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Zest of 12 large lemon, Zest of 12 small orange, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips 9 ounces, such as Ghirardelli, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Mostaccioli, picturelink: gcTbMpYeCPbQFvnE7kk08BfSmGaeLi}, 1037: {instructions: Whip whites until foamy. Gradually add sugar and whip until very, very stiff, about 5 minutes. On low speed gradually add powdered sugar and whip 10 seconds. Do not over mixnWith a large star tip pipe onto a parchment paper lined sheet pan either finger shapes or round rosettes. Let dry overnight over a hot oven or place in a 200 degree oven for 4 hours.nWhip cream with sugar until stiff. Pipe whipped cream on finger shaped meringue and top with another finger to form a sandwich. Tuck sliced fruit and mint leaves into cream laying meringue on its side. For rosette meringues, pipe cream on top an place fruit and mint leaves on cream., ingredients: [1 cup egg whites, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup powdered sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 teaspoons sugar, 10 strawberries, cut in half, 1 kiwi, peeled and sliced, 20 blueberries, 20 mint leaves], title: Meringues, picturelink: null}, 1038: {instructions: Thaw the pastry sheet at room temperature for 40 minutes or until its easy to handle. Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly grease or line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Beat the egg and water in a small bowl with a fork.nUnfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Cut the sheet lengthwise in half. Cut each half into thirds, making a total of 6 pieces. Roll each pastry piece into a 5 x 5inch square. Brush the pastry squares with the egg mixture.nCut the pear halves in half lengthwise. Place 1 pear piece on each pastry square. Top with 1 tablespoon cheese, 2 teaspoons walnuts and 1 teaspoon honey. Fold up the ends to the center and roll up like a jelly roll. Place seamside down on the baking sheet. Brush with the egg mixture. Cut a 12inch slit in the pastry top.nBake for 20 minutes or until the pastries are golden. Remove from the baking sheet and cool on a wire rack for 5 minutes. Cut the filled pastries diagonally into bitesize pieces.nToss the salad greens with the dressing in a large bowl. Arrange the salad on a serving platter and top with the pastry pieces, ingredients: [12 of a 17.3ounce package Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 1 sheet, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon water, 3 pears halves packed in juice, well drained, 3 ounces gorgonzola cheese, crumbled, 14 cup walnuts, toasted and chopped, 2 tablespoons honey, 6 cups mixed salad greens, 2 tablespoons prepared oil and vinegar salad dressing], title: Gorgonzola and Honey Pear en Croute Salad, picturelink: aqr.OlmhBB3a37z7c2RZOl0PZu5C66G}, 1039: {instructions: Put the cucumber and scallion in a small mixing bowl and add the dressing. Mix well and let sit for 10 minutes before serving.nIn a small saucepan, combine the sea salt, fish sauce, palm sugar, and granulated sugar and cook over low heat, stirring, just until the sea salt and sugar are dissolved. Remove from the heat and transfer to a mixing bowl to cool. When cooled completely, stir in the lime juice., ingredients: [1 cucumber, peeled, halved lengthwise, seeded, and thinly sliced on the diagonal 2 cups, 1 whole scallion, minced, 14 cup Dressing One, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 14 cup fish sauce namm pla, 2 tablespoons palm sugar or light brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup fresh lime juice], title: Yumm Taeng Kua: Classic Cucumber Salad, picturelink: null}, 1040: {instructions: Lay the bacon pieces on a baking sheet and freeze until hard, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nUsing a sharp knife, make crosswise cuts in each potato, about 18 inch apart, stopping about 14 inch from the bottom.nAdd the potatoes to the boiling water and cook 4 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and carefully transfer to a baking sheet let cool slightly. Pat the potatoes dry, then insert 3 pieces of the frozen bacon into the cuts of each potato, spacing the bacon evenly and letting it poke out of the top. Melt 5 tablespoons butter and brush generously over the potatoes and in the cuts. Reserve any excess butter for basting. Season the potatoes with salt and pepper.nTransfer the potatoes to the oven and bake until the outsides are browned and crisp, about 2 hours, basting halfway through with the reserved melted butter.nWhen the potatoes are almost done, melt the remaining 3 tablespoons butter and mix with the scallions, parsley and garlic. Spoon over the potatoes and roast 5 more minutes. Transfer to a platter and season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Gentl  Hyers, ingredients: [4 slices thickcut bacon, each cut crosswise into 9 pieces, Kosher salt, 12 medium Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 1 stick unsalted butter, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped], title: Bacon Hasselback Potatoes, picturelink: 5SNZEZmAsJv3f3wTJe9t7TQulKZoa.}, 1041: {instructions: In a large bowl, cover the lentils with boiling water and allow to sit for 15 minutes. Drain.nIn a large stockpot over medium heat, heat the olive oil and saute the onions, leeks, garlic, salt, pepper, thyme, and cumin for 20 minutes, or until the vegetables are translucent and tender. Add the celery and carrots and saute for another 10 minutes. Add the chicken stock, tomato paste, and drained lentils, cover, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer uncovered for 1 hour, or until the lentils are cooked through and tender. Check the seasonings. Add the kielbasa and red wine and simmer until the kielbasa is hot. Serve drizzled with olive oil and sprinkled with grated Parmesan.nPlace the chickens, onions, carrots, celery, parsnips, parsley, thyme, dill, garlic, salt, and peppercorns in a 16 to 20quart stockpot with 7 quarts of water and bring to a boil. Skim the surface as needed. Simmer uncovered for 4 hours. Strain the entire contents of the pot through a colander, discarding the chicken and vegetables, and chill. Discard the hardened fat, and then pack the broth in quart containers.nYield: 6 quarts, ingredients: [1 pound French green lentils recommended: du Puy, 14 cup olive oil, plus extra for serving, 4 cups diced yellow onions 3 large, 4 cups chopped leeks, white and light green parts only 2 leeks, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 2 large cloves, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 cups medium diced celery 8 stalks, 3 cups medium diced carrots 4 to 6 carrots, 3 quarts Homemade Chicken Stock, recipe follows, or canned broth, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 pound kielbasa, cut in 12 lengthwise and sliced 13inch thick, 2 tablespoons dry red wine or red wine vinegar, Freshly grated Parmesan, for serving, 3 5pound chickens, 3 large onions, unpeeled and quartered, 6 carrots, unpeeled and halved, 4 celery stalks with leaves, cut in thirds, 4 parsnips, unpeeled and cut in 12, optional, 20 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 15 sprigs fresh thyme, 20 sprigs fresh dill, 1 head garlic, unpeeled and cut in 12 crosswise, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns], title: Lentil Sausage Soup, picturelink: 5b7o4TXbUJMFscaVtZTTUqzn2CToG}, 1042: {instructions: Pulse the cream cheese, egg, sugar, lime zest and lime juice in a food processor until smooth.nPut 1 tablespoon guava paste in the center of each empanada wrapper, then top with 1 tablespoon of the cream cheese mixture. Fold the dough over the filling and press the edges with a fork to seal.nHeat about 112 inches vegetable oil in a wide saucepan until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Working in batches, fry the empanadas until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Return the oil to 350 degrees F between batches. Drain on a paper towellined plate. Dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 8ounce package cream cheese, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon sugar, Grated zest and juice of 1 lime, 34 cup guava paste, 1 14ounce package frozen empanada wrappers, thawed, Vegetable oil, for frying, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Guava Empanadas, picturelink: onJFt78gH9XO7HReiqAzHaBYG4srrW}, 1043: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a small bowl, and serve on pork, chicken, or beef., ingredients: [14 cup chopped black olives, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 cup basil, finely chopped, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Black Olive and Basil Power Pack, picturelink: null}, 1044: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut 4 large highball glasses or small goblets in the freezer to chill.nIn a blender, combine the eggnog, brandy and ice cubes and puree until smooth. Add the ice cream and puree until just combined.nDivide the cocktail among the glasses, garnish with a sprinkle of nutmeg and serve with thick straws., ingredients: [1 12 cups 12 ounces eggnog, 34 cup 6 ounces brandy, 10 ice cubes, 4 large scoops vanilla ice cream or gelato, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, for garnish], title: Frozen Brandied Eggnog, picturelink: 57kYgvakky.5ACsvbiuhLhoPrufeiuu}, 1045: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large saute pan over mediumlow heat until the fat is rendered and the bacon is crispy, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and shallots and sweat for 1 minute. Add the peas and increase the heat to medium. Pour in the orange juice and cook until the peas are tender, about 2 minutes.nRemove from the heat and fold in the orange zest, parsley and butter. Taste for seasoning and add salt if necessary, though you shouldnt need much because the bacon adds a natural saltiness to the dish., ingredients: [4 ounces bacon, diced 1 cup, 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 cup shelled fresh peas, Grated zest and juice of 1 orange, 14 cup sliced fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Kosher salt], title: Peas and Bacon, picturelink: null}, 1046: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nPlace the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix on medium speed just until combined. With the mixer on low, add the vanilla.nSift the flour and salt together and, with the mixer on low, slowly add to the butter mixture, mixing until it almost comes together in a ball. Turn the dough out on a board. Lightly pat twothirds of the dough evenly on the bottom of a 9inch square baking pan and about 14inch up the sides. Spread with the jam, leaving a 14inch border. Mix the granola into the remaining dough with your hands. Break the dough into small bits and distribute it on top of the jam, covering most of the surface. Sprinkle the almonds on top. Bake the bars for 45 minutes, until lightly browned.nCool completely and cut into 9 or 12 bars. Sprinkle lightly with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 213 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 10 to 12 ounces good raspberry jam, such as Hero, 23 cup good granola without dried fruit, 14 cup sliced almonds, Confectioners sugar, for sprinkling], title: Raspberry Crumble Bars, picturelink: DcZVmruTx988ix2SHyArCUkF4qXLG6}, 1047: {instructions: In a deep, wide dish or pie plate, combine the soy sauce, honey, garlic and ginger. Add the tofu and let it marinate for at least an hour, turning it over half way through.nCook the rice according to the package. In a large glass or ceramic bowl, combine the rice vinegar and sugar. Add the hot rice in fourths, stirring the mixture well after each addition. Stir in the scallions and sesame seeds, mix well.nFor each roll, place a sheet of nori on a piece of wax paper so that the bottom edge of the nori lies along the bottom edge of the paper. Moisten your hands with cold water and place a handful of rice in the center of the nori, spread it out in a thin layer to fill the sheet evenly. Add more rice if necessary. Place 2 strips of tofu across the center of the nori, so they run the entire width of the sheet. Place a portion of the carrots on top of the tofu, some spinach over that, finishing with some sprouts use about a fifth of each filling ingredient. Start rolling the nori from the bottom by gripping the nori and the wax paper, and using the paper to help you make a tight roll.nLet the nori rest, seam side down, while you repeat the remaining procedure with the remaining rice and nori. You should have 5 rolls. To serve, wet the blade of a serrated knife and cut rolls into rounds about an inch thick. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 teaspoon grated garlic, 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh ginger, 1 pound extrafirm tofu, cut into 14inchwide strips, 2 cups shortgrain brown rice, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon extrafine sugar, 2 scallions, white part only, minced, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted, 5 sheets nori available in Asianspecialty sections, 1 cup finely shredded carrots, 10 fresh spinach leaves, steamed and squeezed dry, 1 12 cups alfalfa sprouts], title: Nori Rolls, picturelink: null}, 1048: {instructions: Fill up a large pot halfway with peanut oil and place over medium heat. Bring a small pot of water to a rolling boil. Cut the potato into long strips like French fries.nGently add the eggs to the boiling water and cook for 6 minutes. Drain and run the eggs under cold running water to stop the cooking process.nWhen bubbles start to form in the peanut oil, drop in the potato strips and cook until golden brown. Lift the potatoes out of the oil and drain on a tray lined with paper towels. Toss them in a large bowl with the parsley and garlic with a pair of tongs. Add some sea salt and smoked paprika and continue to toss.nPlace the eggs in egg cups with the large ends in and arrange the fries on a small plate on the side. Tap the tops of the eggs and peel away the shells. Cut away the tops of the egg whites. Sprinkle with sea salt and pepper. Dip the fries into the yolks, ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 1 potato, 2 organic, freerange eggs, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 cloves fresh garlic, finely minced, Sea salt, Smoked paprika, as needed, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Soft Boiled Eggs with Crispy Potato Soldiers, picturelink: null}, 1049: {instructions: For Beet Vinaigrette:nBring vinegar, sugar, beet and shallots to a boil and simmer until the sugar melts about 1 minute.nRemove from the heat and add olive oil, season with salt and cracked pepper.nFor Salad:nToss beets with the vinaigrette along with salt and pepper, to taste. Let sit while you prepare the plates.nSpread a circle of cheese onto the center of each plate with the back of a spoon. Add watercress and pistachios to the beets and place on top of the circle of cheese.nOnce each salad is plated, finish by drizzling vinaigrette around the perimeter of the plate and sprinkle each salad with toasted pistachios., ingredients: [1 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 1 small beet, peeled and cut large dice, 3 shallots, sliced, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, Pinch salt, 14 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 2 cups julienned beets, 1 cup Robiolina cheese, 1 bunch watercress, 12 cup pistachios, toasted and chopped], title: Beet Salad with Crushed Pistachios and Robiolina, picturelink: null}, 1050: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 12inch round biscuit cutternPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nRoll out the pie crusts with a rolling pin on a lightly floured surface to 18 inch thick. Cut out rounds of dough with a 4 12inch round biscuit cutter and transfer them to the prepared baking sheet. Gather and reroll the scraps if necessary you should have a total of 12 rounds.nSpread 1 teaspoon sweet potato in an even layer over half of each round, leaving a 14inch border around the edge. Top each with 2 teaspoons stuffing, then 2 teaspoons turkey, and finally 1 teaspoon cranberry sauce. You may redistribute some of the filling among the rounds so all the piles are even. Whisk together the egg and milk in a small bowl to make an egg wash. Brush the egg wash around the edges of each dough round.nFold over each dough round to cover the filling, creating 12 halfmoon shapes. With your fingers, press the edges together to seal, and then press with a fork to seal securely.nBrush the top of each hand pie with the remaining egg wash. Make 3 small slits with a small paring knife on the top of each pie to let the steam escape. Bake until the dough is cooked through and golden brown, about 30 minutes. Serve warm with extra cranberry sauce and gravy on the side for dipping., ingredients: [One 14.1ounce package storebought pie crust, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 14 cup leftover mashed sweet potatoes, 12 cup leftover stuffing, 12 cup 14inch diced leftover roasted turkey, 14 cup leftover cranberry sauce, plus more for dipping, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon whole milk, Leftover gravy, for dipping], title: Thanksgiving Leftovers Hand Pies, picturelink: null}, 1051: {instructions: For serving: grainy mustard and horseradish sauce, recipe belownPlace celery, carrots, onion and potatoes in the bottom of a large slowcooker or crock pot. Rinse the corned beef brisket and place over vegetables. Add the bottle of stout, spices and enough water to just cover the meat. Cover and cook on LOW for eight to nine hours.nRemove the meat and vegetables from the pot and cover with foil to keep warm. Increase heat to high and cook cabbage until softened but still crispy, 20 to 30 minutes.nSlice brisket across the grain, serve with vegetables, mustard and horseradish sauce. Pass extra cooking liquid at the table.nWhip cream to soft peaks and then fold in sour cream and horseradish, to taste. Season with salt, pepper and a dash of hot sauce., ingredients: [2 stalks celery, halved, 4 carrots, 1 medium onion, cut in 4 wedges, 4 to 6 red potatoes, quartered, 1 4pound corned beef brisket, 12ounce bottle stout or dark ale, 1 tablespoon corned beef spices or pickling spices or spices that come with the brisket, 1 medium head cabbage, cut into 6 wedges, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup drained prepared horseradish, dash hot sauce, salt and pepper to tast], title: Slow Cooker Corned Beef and Cabbage, picturelink: UxB6CvyvzAee1bMY04H5rzKkGVt9ria}, 1052: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut all the bread into cubes. Heat the canola oil over medium heat, add the onion and saute until softened and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the thyme leaves and salt and pepper, to taste. Add the diced ham, stir to combine and saute for another 1 to 2 minutes. Put the bread in a 9 by 13inch baking dish and add the onion and ham mixture. Toss together.nWhisk the eggs and the milk in a small bowl, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the egg mixture over the bread mixture and let it sit for 15 minutes. Bake until the top is golden brown and the middle is set, about 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [Leftover crust from Eggs Benedict, plus 2 slices wholewheat bread, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Leftover ham from Ham and Cheese Souflle, diced, 4 large eggs, 2 cups milk], title: Round 2 Recipe  Savory Bread Pudding with Ham, picturelink: null}, 1053: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIf using fresh corn, scrape kernels from cobs using small sharp knife or spoon. Place half of the corn kernels in blender with tomatoes, 2 cups of broth, and oregano. Puree until smooth. Set aside.nIn a large saucepan over medium heat, cook bacon, turning once until brown and crisp, about 10 minutes. Remove bacon to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Set aside. Add onion to bacon fat in saucepan and cook, stirring frequently until onion is soft and translucent. Add garlic and stir for another minute.nAdd tomatocorn puree to saucepan with remaining 2 cups of broth. Bring to a low boil and add remaining whole corn kernels. Simmer over mediumlow heat until thickened, about 20 minutes. Stir occasionally and remove any foam as it develops with a large flat metal spoon. Season with salt and pepper.nMix in half of the parsley and cream, if desired, and heat through.To serve, garnished with crumbled bacon, remaining parsley, crumbled cheese and tortilla chips or strips., ingredients: [4 ears fresh or 3 cups frozen, thawed corn kernels, 2 medium tomatoes, roughly chopped, 2 cups chicken broth, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 4 slices thick cut bacon, 12 onion, chopped about 1 cup, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, optional, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 cup queso fresco, fresh farmers cheese, feta cheese, or sour cream, optional, Tortilla chips or fried tortilla strips, optional], title: Mexican Corn Soup, picturelink: i3VPdA8dxtWYCMU9dX7XV2VXo6ASU.}, 1054: {instructions: Put the blueberries, almonds and honey into a blender. Blend on high until the mixture is mostly smooth, about 1 minute. Add the ice cubes and almond milk and blend until very smooth. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of cold water if needed to adjust consistency. Pour into a glass and garnish with a short skewer of blueberries., ingredients: [1 cup blueberries, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons roasted, salted almonds, 1 tablespoon honey, 34 cup ice cubes, 14 cup unsweetened almond milk], title: BlueberryAlmond Smoothie, picturelink: QLOmDq9Fa3ShcjvRgPTT67M2qMWyOre}, 1055: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the pitas into 6 wedges.nIn a medium saucepan, add the butter and garlic. Set over medium heat and warm through until the butter melts and the garlic becomes fragrant, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the parsley and mix well.nPlace the pita wedges in a large bowl and pour the garlic butter over the top. Toss well to combine and coat everything evenly. Spread the pita wedges out evenly on a sheet tray and dust with the grated Parmesan. Bake in the oven until golden and crispy, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and taste. Adjust seasonings with salt and pepper, if necessary. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 mediumsize whole wheat pitas, 4 mediumsize white pitas, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Warm Garlic Pitas, picturelink: null}, 1056: {instructions: SPRAY grill grates with nostick cooking spray. Heat grill to 350 degrees F to 375 degrees F. Generously season tenderloin with salt and pepper.nMIX blackberry jam, barbecue sauce and seasoning in a microwavesafe bowl. Microwave on HIGH 30 to 40 seconds stir to blend.nGRILL pork, turning occasionally, 16 to 20 minutes or until thermometer reads 160 degrees F. Baste liberally with 14 cup blackberry barbecue sauce during last 5 minutes of cooking. Transfer tenderloin to platter, tent with foil and allow to rest for 5 minutes before slicing. Serve pork over brown rice, drizzled with additional sauce and sprinkled with chopped parsley, if desired., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 14 lbs. pork tenderloin, Salt and pepper, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Seedless Blackberry Sugar Free Jam, 3 tbsps. prepared thick barbecue sauce, 34 tsp. Italian seasoning, Brown rice, if desired, Finely chopped fresh parsley, if desired], title: Blackberry Barbecued Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 1057: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the hollandaise: Melt the butter in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat or in the microwave. Combine the yolks, sage, lemon juice, salt and pepper in a food processor or blender and pulse to incorporate. Carefully drizzle the hot butter into the processor and keep blending until the sauce is thick and creamy. Pour the sauce into a small bowl and set aside.nFor the stuffing cakes: Place the stuffing in a large bowl, breaking up any large clumps. Add the eggs and breadcrumbs and stir to combine, making sure all of the stuffing is evenly coated with the eggs. Scoop 13 cup of the stuffing into your hands and shape into a patty, about 3inches wide and 12inch thick. Repeat to make 6 stuffing cakes. Heat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook the cakes, two at a time until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a papertowellined plate and repeat with the remaining cakes. Loosely cover with foil to keep the cakes warm.nPlace a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook the pancetta until browned and crispy, about 4 minutes on each side. Transfer to a papertowellined plate.nTo assemble, fill a small saucepan with 3 inches of water, and add the lemon juice and salt. Bring the water to a simmer over medium heat. Crack an egg into a small heatproof bowl and use the bowl to slowly slide the egg into the water. Use a wooden spoon to carefully stir the water around the egg. Cook the egg until the white has set and the yolk is still soft, 2 to 2 12 minutes. Remove the egg from the water with a slotted spoon and drain it on a papertowellined plate. Repeat with the remaining eggs. To serve, place one stuffing cake on a plate. Top with 2 slices of pancetta, a poached egg and a generous drizzle of hollandaise sauce., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick butter, 3 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped sage, 1 12 teaspoons lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups leftover stuffing, 2 eggs, 12 cup Italian breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 thin slices pancetta, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 6 eggs, at room temperature], title: Thanks Benedict on Stuffing Cakes with Sage Hollandaise, picturelink: 8CVn3GVht8.nRt2pKPTCrWhWJxumfQK}, 1058: {instructions: Make the dough: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 500 degrees F. Put 12 cup flour, the yeast and sugar in a food processor and pulse to combine. With the motor running, add 34 cup hot tap water about 115 degrees F. Turn off the motor and add the cornmeal, cheese, olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt and the remaining 1 cup flour. Pulse until the dough forms a ball, then continue pulsing until smooth but still wet, about 15 more times.nMake the pizzettes: Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until soft and elastic, 12 to 15 times, dusting lightly with flour if too wet to handle. Using a floured rolling pin, roll out the dough into a 14inchthick disk, about 14 inches across. Using a 3inchround cutter, cut the dough into 16 rounds, gathering and rerolling the scraps if needed. Transfer the rounds to the prepared pans.nMix the olive oil, oregano, and salt and pepper to taste. Brush each round lightly with the herb oil, then top each with a slice of soppressata and 2 to 3 tomato slices. Sprinkle with the parmesan. Bake one sheet at a time, until the crusts are golden, about 8 minutes.nDrizzle the pizzettes with olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and top with the basil leaves. Serve warm or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 14 teaspoons half a 14ounce packet instant yeast, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup cornmeal, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 16 thin slices soppressata about 2 ounces, 10 medium tomatoes, sliced 14 inch thick, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 12 cup small fresh basil leaves], title: TomatoBasil Pizzettes, picturelink: GjoyXo8wcv2bcqadDaebBr3TTG2sLKC}, 1059: {instructions: Pour the rum over the crushed ice. Top with birch, root, or ginger beer. Garnish with a lime wedge., ingredients: [1.5 ounces spiced rum, Crushed ice, 12 bottle birch, root, or ginger beer, chilled, 1 lime wedge], title: Wet and Slippery, picturelink: null}, 1060: {instructions: Heat a deep pot over moderate heat. Add oil and butter. As you chop your veggies, add them to the pot: potatoes, celery, onion, and red bell pepper. Add bay leaf to the pot. Season vegetables with salt and pepper and Old Bay seasoning. Saute veggies 5 minutes, then sprinkle in flour. Cook flour 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Stir in broth and combine. Stir in milk and combine. Bring soup up to a bubble. Add corn and crab meat and simmer soup 5 minutes. Adjust the soup seasonings. Remove bay leaf. Ladle soup into bread bowls or soup bowls and top with oyster crackers, hot sauce and sliced scallions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil or extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan in a slow stream, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 allpurpose potatoes, peeled and diced, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Old Bay seasoning blend, found near seafood department or, on spice aisle in your market, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups vegetable or chicken stock or broth, 1 quart whole milk, 3 cups corn kernels, scraped fresh from the cob, or frozen kernels, 8 ounces cooked lump crab meat, fresh is available in plastic tubs at many fish counters, 4 small bread boules, 6 inches, hollowed out, preferably sour dough, optional, Oyster crackers, Hot cayenne pepper sauce, Sliced scallions], title: Corn and Crab Chowder, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 1061: {instructions: Boil the water and sugar together for 5 minutes. Add the cranberries and apricots. Simmer until the cranberry skins burst, about 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in the orange zest and cool.nNote: A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 cups water, 2 cups sugar, 4 cups cranberries, 1 cup chopped dried apricots, 1 orange, zested], title: Apricot and Cranberry Jelly, picturelink: null}, 1062: {instructions: In a large saucepan, add the fruit reserving a few berries for garnish. Add the sugar and cook until the fruit is starting to release some liquid, is tender and beginning to burst, but still holds its shape, about 5 minutes.nLine a large 6cup pudding bowl with plastic wrap, allowing lots of overhang.nRemove the crusts from 10 to 12 slices of bread. Press the bread slices briefly in the juices at the top of the berries in the pot then lay them into the bowl, juiceside down, ensuring there are no spaces. Use smaller pieces to overlap or close gaps in spaces, as needed.nRemove the berries from the heat, and cool slightly. Using a slotted spoon, spoon the fruit into the breadlined bowl, and top with a final layer of bread and spoon a bit more of the juices over the top to color the top layer of bread evenly. Reserve the remaining cooking juices for serving. Cover with the plastic wrap and place a plate over the top. Add a large heavy can or a 2pound weight to the plate and let sit at least 8 hours, or overnight, refrigerated.nOn serving, whip the cream until soft peaks just begin to form. Add the sugar and whip until almost stiff.nGently invert the bowl onto a large serving dish, shaking it lightly to loosen. Peel the plastic wrap off, and spoon the reserved juice all over, to soak any bits of bread that still look white. Serve with a bowl of whipped cream on the side, or cut individual wedges, and add a dollop of cream and a berry or two for garnish., ingredients: [6 cups assorted summer fruit like blueberries, strawberries, raspberries, and blackberries plus more for garnish, wellrinsed and drained, and fresh or frozen cranberries, thawed, 1 cup sugar add more sugar if using cranberries or red or black currants, 1 loaf homemadestyle, sliced white bread, crusts removed, 1 pint heavy cream, for garnish, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, for garnish], title: Summer Berry Pudding, picturelink: null}, 1063: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nWhisk together the flour, pecans, granulated sugar, light brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk together the eggs, buttermilk, butter and vanilla extract and vanilla bean in a small bowl. Add the egg mixture to the dry mixture and gently mix to combine. Do not overmix. Let the batter sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes and up to 30 minutes before using.nHeat a cast iron or nonstick griddle pan over medium heat and brush with melted butter. Once the butter begins to sizzle, use 2 tablespoons of the batter for each pancake and cook until the bubbles appear on the surface and the bottom is golden brown, about 2 minutes, flip over and cook until the bottom is golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes longer. Transfer the pancakes to a platter and keep warm in a 200 degree F oven.nServe 6 pancakes per person, top each with some of the bourbon butter. Drizzle with warm maple syrup and dust with confectioners sugar. Garnish with fresh mint sprigs and more toasted pecans, if desired.nBourbon Molasses Butter:nCombine the bourbon and sugar in a small saucepan and cook over high heat until reduced to 3 tablespoons, remove and let cool.nPut the butter, molasses, salt and cooled bourbon mixture in a food processor and process until smooth. Scrape into a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour to allow the flavors to meld. Remove from the refrigerator about 30 minutes before using to soften., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup finely chopped toasted pecans, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 large eggs, 1 12 cups, plus 3 tablespoons buttermilk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for griddle, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Bourbon Molasses Butter, to top, recipe follows, Pure maple syrup, warmed, Confectioners sugar, for garnish, Coarsely chopped toasted pecans, for garnish, optional, 12 cup good quality bourbon, or more to taste, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, slightly softened, 3 tablespoons molasses, Kosher salt, to taste], title: Silver Dollar ButtermilkPecan Pancakes with Bourbon Molasses Butter and Maple Syrup, picturelink: JKKxvurg7s4DXBIIqldJtb8GMHK8Rq}, 1064: {instructions: For the grits: Bring the milk, salt, butter and 6 cups water to a boil over medium heat in a heavybottomed pot. Slowly pour in the grits, stirring constantly. Reduce the heat and continue to stir for several minutes to make sure the grits do not scorch. Continue to cook the grits for about 20 to 25 minutes, stirring frequently. Keep warm until ready to serve. If they become too thick, add warm water or milk to thin.nFor the tasso gravy: Cook the leeks in 1 tablespoon butter in a medium saucepan until soft. Add the chili powder, paprika, basil, oregano, black pepper, seasoning salt, thyme, garlic and seafood seasoning, stirring to release the flavors. Add the clam juice and tomato juice and simmer for 10 minutes. Add the halfandhalf and simmer for 10 minutes. Make a roux with the flour and the 3 tablespoons melted butter in a small bowl. Slowly add it to the gravy mixture, stirring vigorously. Keep stirring until the mixture thickens. Remove from heat and add ham.nFor the shrimp: Saute the shrimp in the butter in a large saute pan until they start to turn pink. Add the tasso gravy and simmer for 1 to 2 minutes.nTo serve: Top each plate with some grits and spoon the shrimp and tasso gravy over the top. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 cup butter, 2 cups yellow stoneground grits, 34 cup thinly sliced leek, 1 tablespoon butter, plus 3 tablespoons melted butter, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 12 teaspoons dried basil, 2 14 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons seasoning salt, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, 14 teaspoon granulated garlic, Pinch seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 12 cups clam juice, 1 12 cups tomato juice, 1 cup halfandhalf, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 ounces finely diced tasso ham, 2 pounds small shrimp, shelled and deveined, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Shrimp and Tasso Gravy over Yellow Grits, picturelink: null}, 1065: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine carrot juice, 14 cup wine, lemon juice, shallot, and salt. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat just enough to maintain a steady boil and cook until slightly thickened and reduced to about 12 cup. It should be the consistency of pulpy orange juice, 20 to 30 minutes.nReduce heat and very gently simmer carrot reduction. Whisk in butter 1 piece at a time, waiting until each piece is melted and incorporated before adding another. The sauce should be thickened enough to lightly coat the back of a spoon. Return the sauce to a simmer, whisking constantly. Drop in and submerge the bundle of marjoram and remove from the heat. Let marjoram infuse sauce while cooking the scallops.nHeat oven to 175 degrees F.nTurn off the oven and put in a platter to warm. If the scallops have a small, loosely attached, rectangular piece of white muscle on their sides, pull it off and discard it. Pat the scallops dry with paper towels and season all sides lightly with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large heavybottomed saute pan over high heat until it is very hot and smoking. Using tongs, carefully place the scallops flat side down in the pan. Let the scallops cook undisturbed until they are golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn and cook until the other side is browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer scallops to warmed platter. Reduce heat to medium and pour in remaining 14 cup wine. Scrape up browned bits, then add liquid to carrot mixture.nRemove marjoram bundle from carrot sauce, squeeze it dry, and discard. Reheat sauce over medium heat, whisking constantly. Taste and adjust seasoning. For a very smooth texture, pass sauce through a very fine strainer. If there is a problem with sauce separating or butter coming to surface in droplets, blend it with an immersion blender for a few seconds. Divide scallops among warmed dinner plates and pour carrot sauce around them., ingredients: [2 cups carrot juice, 12 cup dry white wine or dry vermouth, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 medium shallot, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick chilled unsalted butter, cut into 8 pieces, 8 3inch sprigs fresh marjoram, tied together with kitchen twine, 1 12 pounds large sea scallops about 12, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil], title: Sea Scallops with CarrotMarjoram Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1066: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nIn a small bowl, mix together all ingredients until well combined. Cut the French loaf in half, lengthwise, and spread the butter mixture liberally on each half. Arrange on a sheet tray and broil until browned and toasty, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the oven, slice and serve., ingredients: [12 cup softened butter, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, Pinch red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, Pinch coarsely ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, Pinch kosher salt, 1 large French loaf], title: GottaHaveIt Garlic Bread, picturelink: tHHjzcPBLsQx4EabW63Nn4j3WiU.WEe}, 1067: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pickled vegetables: Heat the vinegar, sugar and salt in a small pot until the sugar and salt are dissolved. Pour the hot vinegar mixture over the daikon, carrots and cucumbers. Let steep for at least an hour.nFor the spicy mayonnaise: Mix the mayonnaise, Sriracha and sesame oil together. Adjust the heat by either adding more Sriracha or mayonnaise.nFor the pork: Heat the canola oil in a straightsided skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until slightly softened, 4 to 6 minutes. Add the ginger and garlic and cook another 2 minutes. Add 12 cup of the pickling liquid from the pickled vegetables and cook until reduced by half, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the chicken stock, fish sauce, hoisin sauce and black pepper and stir to combine. Simmer until reduced slightly and thickened, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the ground pork, breaking up the meat with the back of a wooden spoon or spatula, and cook until the pork is cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes.nFor the sandwich build: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the rolls for 5 minutes, to crisp the crust and soften the interior. Slice the rolls open, but keep them hinged. Schmear desired amount of spicy mayo on the bottom roll, place some pork on top of that, top with some pickled vegetables, fresh jalapenos, cilantro leaves, and finish with the chopped peanuts. Grab with two hands, eat whole and close your eyes while enjoying this first class ticket to Saigon., ingredients: [2 cups white distilled vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 cups julienned daikon radish cut into strips or run through a mandoline, 1 cup julienned carrots, 12 English cucumber, partially peeled in sections to leave some skin on, cut into half moons, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 to 2 tablespoons Sriracha, 12 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large yellow onion, 14inch dice about 2 cups, 1 heaping tablespoon peeled and finely grated ginger, 8 cloves garlic, minced, 23 cup chicken stock, 12 cup fish sauce, 12 cup hoisin sauce, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 pounds ground pork, Six 8inch hoagie rolls, 2 fresh jalapenos, halved and thinly sliced, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 12 cup salted roasted peanuts, chopped], title: Vietnamese Pork Sandwich, picturelink: 2iukuEhhS98ostJsM8typX7EChMVXrm}, 1068: {instructions: Cookies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and position the rack to the center position. Dust the work surface with flour. Place the dough on the table and dust with flour. With a rolling pin, work the dough, rolling back and forth. After 3 rolls, stop and move the dough around you dont want it to stick to the work surface. Dust with additional flour and continue to roll until it is 12inch thick. Cut out 6 3inch circles and 12 batwing shapes, gathering the scraps and rerolling as necessary. Place on a parchment lined cookie sheet. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool to room temperature.nBatty Chocolate Mousse: Chop up the chocolate very fine and place in a heatproof bowl. In a small saucepan bring 1 cup of the cream to a boil. Remove from the heat and pour the cream over the chocolate. Let sit for 1 minute. Then, whisk together until smooth and set aside and cool.nWhip the remaining 1 cup of the heavy cream to soft peaks. Fold the soft whipped cream into the chocolate mixture. Spoon into 6 3inch dome molds. Schmear with a spatula across the top and top with a cookie disk. Place in the freezer for at least 4 hours.nChocolate Glaze: Chop the chocolate into 14inch fine pieces and place in a medium size mixing bowl with butter. In a small saucepot over medium flame, bring the sugar and water to a boil, stirring to combine. Pour the sugar syrup over the chocolate and stir until smooth.nAssembly: Unmold onto a wire rack. Place the rack on a parchmentlined sheet tray. Pour over the chocolate glaze. Stick 2 wing cookies in the side of each dome. Serve immediately or refrigerate for up to 2 days.nSift together the flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl and reserve. Place the butter in a large mixing bowl and soften by hand. Add the sugar and continue to blend with hands or a rubber spatula for 2 minutes, until the mixture resembles light yellowcolored mashed potatoes. Transfer to a mixer.nCrack the eggs, 1 at a time, into the butter mixture and combine until well blended. Add the vanilla extract. Add the sifted flour mixture and continue to blend for 2 to 3 minutes until a dough is formed. Remove dough from the mixer and divide in half. Place 12 of the dough back into the mixer. On low speed, add the cocoa powder and continue to mix until you have a chocolate dough. Wrap both doughs in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, up to overnight. Use chocolate dough for the Batty Chocolate Mousse recipe and the plain dough for the Witches Finger Cookies.nRecipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, ingredients: [Chocolate Cookie dough, recipe follows, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 1 cup heavy cream, plus 1 cup, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces 2 sticks butter, cut into 1inch pieces, room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 14 cup cocoa powder], title: Batty Chocolate Mousse with Chocolate Cookie Wings, picturelink: null}, 1069: {instructions: Place flour and cheeses in a large flat dish. Put the eggs in a bowl large enough to dip the veal. Lightly flour the veal, then dip in eggs and flour mixture. With the tip of a chefs knife poke about 10 holes in each piece of veal. In a 12inch saute pan, heat the oil reserving a little. Add the veal and cook until lightly brown on both sides, approximately 1 minute per side. Remove the veal and place on a flat dish lined with paper towels. Reserve.nIn a separate 12inch saute pan add remaining oil and heat. When oil is warm add shallots and saute for 5 seconds. Over a medium flame add butter, salt, pepper, lemon juice, parsley and white wine. Put veal in sauce and cook for 2 minutes. Remove veal and reduce sauce in pan. When reduced by 12, spoon sauce over veal and enjoy, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 13 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 14 pounds veal, cut into pieces and pounded thin, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 shallot, diced, 1 tablespoon sweet cream butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 lemons, juiced, 1 sprig fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 14 cup white wine], title: Veal Baci, picturelink: null}, 1070: {instructions: Drill holes into the bottom of a round plastic storage container approximately 6 inches wide and at least 4 inches high and set aside. Line a colander with cheesecloth and set aside.nPut the milk and halfandhalf into a large pot over medium heat and cook, stirring frequently, until it reaches 195 degrees F. There will be a slight simmer and the top will be very foamy. Remove from the heat and slowly stir in the vinegar. Put the colander into the sink and pour this mixture into the cheesecloth. When most of the liquid has passed through, add the tomatoes, basil, and salt and stir gently to incorporate. Gather up the ends of the cheesecloth and transfer the cheese to the plastic container. Set the container on a rack on a sheet pan to catch the whey. Put a plate on top and weight it down with some heavy cans to squeeze out the excess liquid. Let rest for 1 hour, remove the cheesecloth, and return it to the plastic container with the plates and weights. Put it into the refrigerator overnight. To serve, put the cheese onto a plate and brush with a little olive oil., ingredients: [1 gallon whole milk, 1 pint halfandhalf, 1 cup white vinegar, 12 cup chopped sundried tomatoes not in oil, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, to serve], title: Georges Moms Homemade Herb Cheese, picturelink: t2RSH17pRvC83zJxhxkXL1QjTNVKEC}, 1071: {instructions: Let the ham sit at room temperature 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Trim off any skin from the ham if needed. Score the ham through the fat in a diagonal crosshatch pattern without cutting into the meat. Place the ham, flatside down, on a rack in a roasting pan. Pour 14 inch of water into the bottom of the pan. Roast the ham until it reaches an internal temperature of about 130 degrees F, about 2 12 hours or 15 minutes per pound.nMeanwhile, mix the mustards and honey together in a small bowl. Mix together the breadcrumbs, parsley, thyme and olive oil together in another bowl.nRemove the ham from the oven when it has reached 130 degrees F internally. Increase the oven temperature to 425 degrees F. Spoon or brush the mustard mixture all over the ham. Carefully pat the crumbs all over the ham. Add water as needed to the bottom of the pan. Return the ham to the oven and roast until the breadcrumbs are golden brown, about 25 minutes more., ingredients: [One 8 to 10pound bonein, smoked, fullycooked ham, butt or shank portion, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup whole grain mustard, 14 cup honey, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Double Mustard and Herb Crusted Ham, picturelink: BY6QwlSESWdwsBnNmzI2EVZS.pmqdWq}, 1072: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nWhisk together the oil, mustard seeds, jalapeno, ginger, and turmeric in a small bowl.nPlace cauliflower in a medium baking dish and toss with the flavored oil and season with salt. Roast until lightly golden brown and just tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon black mustard seeds, 1 jalapeno, finely diced, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets, Salt], title: Oven Roasted Cauliflower with Turmeric and Ginger, picturelink: nZtGV09GEDQut6uOlzFr0eUpjHrV8me}, 1073: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large saucepan. Add the shallots and cook them over mediumlow heat for 3 minutes, until translucent. Add the chicken stock, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil. Turn off the heat. Stir in the couscous, cover the pan, and set aside for 10 minutes. Add the pine nuts, currants, and parsley and fluff with a fork to combine. Serve hot., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 34 cup chopped shallots 3 to 4 shallots, 3 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups couscous, 12 cup toasted pine nuts pignolis, 14 cup dried currants, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Couscous with Pine Nuts, picturelink: KdXmXEU736Sg3vJvcrGcrthihj94lq}, 1074: {instructions: Rub a small pot with garlic add 1 cup white wine and simmer. Whisk in 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with a splash of cognac, then 14 pound each gruyere and emmentaler cheese add salt, pepper and nutmeg. Serve hot with apples and bread.nSee all 50 GameDay DipsnPhotographs by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Fondue, picturelink: KD7co2PNbwmZJ8tUxXowjO.dQ9ZeRC}, 1075: {instructions: Heat oil in skillet and saute garlic and onions until tender. Add pork and saute until browned. Add vegetables and cook until tender, yet crisp, about 510 minutes. Remove from heat. Season with soy sauce. When mixture is cool, add bean sprouts. Salt to taste.nTo assemble lumpia: Carefully separate wrappers. To prevent them from drying out, cover unused wrappers with moist paper towel. Lay one wrapper on clean surface. Place about 23 tablespoons of the filling near the edge closest to you. Roll edge towards the middle. Fold in both sides and continue rolling. Moisten opposite edge with water to seal. Repeat with other wrappers. Lumpia can be frozen until ready to use.nDeep fry at 350 degrees until golden brown, about 35 minutes on each side. Drain on paper towels. Serve with Sweet and Sour or Vinegar and Garlic Dipping Sauce.nIn a small pan combine vinegar, soy sauce, ketchup, water, sugar and salt, and boil for 2 minutes. Thicken with cornstarch mixture.nMix together all ingredients., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound lean ground pork, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 onion, sliced, 12 lb green beans, julienned, 2 carrots, julienned, 1 tablespoon soy sauce optional, 1 cup bean sprouts optional, 15 lumpia wrappers, square or round, Salt to taste, Serving suggestion: Sweet and Sour or Vinegar and Garlic Dipping Sauce, recipes follow, 14 cup white vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup ketchup, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons sugar, salt to taste, 1 tablespoon cornstarch dissolved in 2 tablespoons water, 12 cup white vinegar, 3 garlic cloves, crushed, Salt and cracked black pepper to taste], title: Lumpia, picturelink: null}, 1076: {instructions: Special equipment: A 13by5inch loaf pan, 1 34inch number cookie cutters, a wooden dowel, disposable pastry bags or large resealable plastic bags and a cake boardnFor the chocolate cake numbers: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 13by5inch loaf pan with a strip of aluminum foil. Spray the pan with nonstick cooking spray. Combine the dark chocolate cake mix, chocolate pudding mix, milk, sour cream, oil and eggs in a mixing bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat on low speed for 30 seconds, then on medium speed for 2 minutes. Pour the cake batter into the prepared pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, 52 to 58 minutes. Cool the cake in the pan for 10 minutes, then remove and set on a cooling rack to cool completely. Cut the domed top off the cake and about 14 inch off each end. Slice the cake into 13 equal slices. Freeze slices for 1 hour. Remove the cake from the freezer, set on a cutting board, and cut using small 1 34inch number cookie cutters. To remove the cake from the cookie cutters, use a wood dowel to gently push the pieces out. To make a Sweet 16 cake, cut a 1 and 6 out of each cake slice. Line a baking sheet or cutting board with a nonstick silicone mat, nonstick foil or parchment paper. Set the cake numbers on top, cover, and freeze for at least one hour. For the tiedye cake: Once the cake numbers are frozen, make the colorful cake batter. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 13by5inch loaf pan with a strip of aluminum foil. Spray the pan with nonstick cooking spray. Combine the white cake mix, white chocolate pudding mix, milk, sour cream, oil and egg whites in a mixing bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat on low speed for 30 seconds, then on medium speed for 2 minutes. Equally divide the batter among 7 bowls. Color one bowl purple, one royal blue, one sky blue, one green, one yellow, one orange and one red using the food coloring. Pour each colored batter into a disposable pastry bag or large resealable plastic bag. Snip the tip off each bag. Pipe squiggles of purple batter into the bottom of the prepared pan, leaving room for other colors in between the squiggles. Pipe another color on top, then another and another. Pipe all 7 colors on the bottom of the pan in a thin layer. Remove the cake numbers from the freezer. If any of the numbers have holes in them, pipe in 2 different batter colors, filling the hole twothirds full. Pipe a very thin amount of batter up against one short side of the loaf pan. Press the cake numbers up against the batter. Press another cake number up against the first number and continue adding cake numbers until you have a row of them going down the length of the entire pan. If using more than 1 number, pipe squiggles of colored batter in between the numbers, alternating colors as you go. Pipe squiggles of colored batter around the outside of the numbers, alternating colors as you go. Pipe squiggles of colored batter on top of the numbers, alternating colors as you go. Smooth out the top of the cake. Do not swirl the colored batter in the pan. Tap the pan on the counter 5 times to help remove big air bubbles. Bake the cake until the top is deep brown and a long toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, 55 to 60 minutes. Cool the cake in the pan for 10 minutes, then remove and set on a cooling rack to cool completely. Cut the domed top off the cake and about 14 inch off each end. Trim off a thin layer from each long side of the cake. Optionally, freeze the cake until firm. Set the cake on a cake board that is cut 14 inch larger than the loaf on all 4 sides. Mark one end of the cake board. Set the cake so the numbers face forward on the marked end of the cake board. For the frosting: Beat the confectioners sugar, shortening, whipping cream, vanilla and marshmallow creme until light and fluffy. Frost the cake.nFor the rainbowcolored glaze: Combine the finely chopped candy melts, whipping cream and corn syrup in a microwavesafe bowl. Heat on high in 15 second increments, stirring after each, until melted. Evenly divide the glaze among 6 small bowls. Color one purple, one royal blue, one sky blue, one green, one yellow, one orange and one red. Allow the glaze to thicken slightly. Create a melting rainbow by pouring colored glaze down the side of the cake, starting with the purple, then royal blue, sky blue, green, yellow, orange and red. Set the cake on a serving dish so you know which end has the numbers facing forward. Cut into the cake and reveal the surprise hiding inside., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, One 15.25ounce box dark chocolate cake mix, One 3.5ounce box chocolate pudding mix, 1 12 cups milk, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup vegetable oil, 4 large eggs, Nonstick cooking spray, One 15.25ounce box white cake mix, One 3.5ounce box white chocolate pudding mix, 1 12 cups milk, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup vegetable oil, 6 egg whites 180 grams liquid egg whites, Purple, royal blue, sky blue, green, yellow, orange and red food coloring], title: TieDye Rainbow Reveal Cake, picturelink: be.GUosrupzyzAJVWOerX8fxkUGBD5i}, 1077: {instructions: Place a heavy bottom saucepan over medium heat. Once pan is heated, add 1 tablespoon of the butter. Immediately stir in the shallots. When the shallots are translucent, approximately 3 to 5 minutes, add the sugar, vinegar, and red wine. Turn the heat down to medium low, and let simmer until it begins to reduce and gets a light syrup like consistency. Add the honey and espresso, stir, and simmer for five more minutes. Whisk in the remaining butter, and strain. Serve warm over chicken or meat., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, plus 2 tablespoons, 3 tablespoons minced shallots, 13 cup sugar, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup red wine, 3 tablespoons lavender honey, 3 ounces brewed espresso], title: Coffee Glaze, picturelink: null}, 1078: {instructions: In a hot wok, add the prawns and stir fry until prawns begin to change color. Add garlic, red shallots, pepper, shrimp paste, chile and spring onions and stirfry for a further minute. Garnish with coriander cilantro and chile.nFor the marinade: In a mixing bowl, combine the sugar, fish sauce, and chile powder and marinate the prawns for 20 minutes., ingredients: [10 12 ounces300 g small tiger prawns, heads and legs trimmed, 3 cloves garlic, diced 1 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon finely diced red shallots, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon shrimp paste, mixed with 1 tablespoon water, 2 chiles, finely sliced, 4 spring onions, sliced into 1 12inch 4 cm lengths, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Fresh coriander cilantro, for serving, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 teaspoon chile powder], title: School Prawns Wok Tossed In Shrimp Paste: Tom Kho Danh, picturelink: null}, 1079: {instructions: Combine butter and all parsley, shallots, garlic, lemon, Worcestershire sauce, salt, pepper and macadamia nuts. Mix very well and roll into cylinder with waxed paper. Place in refrigerator for about 2 hours. When ready cut into circles. Cut lobster, lengthwise, into 2 pieces and place on the grill. Grill for about 5 to 6 minutes and when done place the macadamia nut butter circles on top of lobster meat and let it melt on the grill. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound butter, softened, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley leaves, 3 shallots finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 3 lemons, juiced, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Salt and pepper, 14 cup roasted and chopped macadamia nuts, 10 1 12 to 2 pound lobsters], title: Lobster with Macadamia Nut Butter, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 1080: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray 6 4 12inch tartlet pans with nonstick spray.nRoll out the pie dough. Using a 5inch round cutter, punch out 6 circles of dough.nPress each dough round into the prepared tartlet pans, making sure it covers the sides and bottoms. Bake until golden, 15 to 18 minutes. Remove and let cool slightly.nStart on the filling while the crust is baking. Add the bacon to a medium saute pan over medium heat and cook until crisp. Add the green onions and garlic and saute until soft, 1 to 2 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper and remove from heat to cool.nLower the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk together the eggs and halfandhalf, and then stir in the bacon and green onion mixture. Season with a pinch of salt and pepper. Crumble the goat cheese into the baked shells.nLadle the mixture into the baked tartlet shells. Place the tartlet shells on a sheet tray to catch drips and bake until golden and cooked through, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 14.1ounce box refrigerated pie dough recommended: Pillsbury, 2 slices bacon, chopped, 14 cup chopped green onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, 34 cup halfandhalf, 2 ounces goat cheese, crumbled], title: Ginas Quiche Tartlets, picturelink: E3Qusblbeouq8e8oEbQyLgFnaXC48q2}, 1081: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a bowl, place 2 tablespoons canola oil, all marinade ingredients, and chicken, and mix thoroughly.nIn a large saute pan, heat 3 tablespoons canola oil over mediumhigh to high heat. Place the coated chicken breasts in the hot pan and sear on one side until golden brown for about 1 minute. Turn and sear the other side for a few seconds more, and sizzle with the tequila.nTransfer seared chicken breasts to a lightly greased sheet pan and bake in oven for about 10 minutes until fully cooked.nRemove chicken from oven and top with the shredded cheese. Place back in the oven for just a minute to melt the cheese and remove. Serve and enjoynMake it SupremenBefore serving, top with sour cream, salsa picante, and other vegetables for garnish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola or olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 18 cup finely chopped red onion, 1 12 tablespoons ground cumin, 14 teaspoon chopped garlic, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 dashes cayenne pepper less than 18 teaspoon, 14 teaspoon granulated garlic, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 pound 2 large half breasts boneless skinless chicken breast sliced, completely in half making 4 pieces, 1 ounce tequila, 4 ounces shredded Colby Jack cheese, Optional garnish 2 tablespoons each serving:, 1 small red onion, diced use remainder of onion for marinade, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 whole green onion, chopped, 1 curly Mexican pepper or cubano, diced, 1 sprig fresh cilantro leaves, Salsa picante, Sour cream, in a squeeze bottle, 1 tablespoon sliced black olives, 1 lemon and lime, cut in thin wedges], title: Tequila Chicken, picturelink: null}, 1082: {instructions: In a medium bowl, add the pork, onions, ginger, garlic, green onions, soy sauce, sesame oil, salt and pepper. Mix together until thoroughly combined.nIn a medium stock pot, boil 2 quarts of water.nPlace 1 tablespoon of the mixture in the middle of a wrapper. Brush the edges of the wrapper with the end and fold in half. Repeat with the remaining wrappers.nPlace wrappers in boiling water for 1 minute, remove, and cool individually on cooling rack.nWhen ready for service, heat saute pan with 1 teaspoon oil, and saute on mediumhigh heat until the skin of the wrapper is browned., ingredients: [6 ounces ground pork, 14 cup diced white onion, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 4 tablespoons diced green onion, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 14 teaspoon sesame oil, Pinch salt and pepper, 12 round wontonpotsticker wrappers, 1 egg, whipped, 1 teaspoon oil], title: Pot sticker: Ginger pork, picturelink: 5pnWYGMxlf9UrhVh5PeaBchxi6.3HBS}, 1083: {instructions: WHISK yogurt, peanut butter and fruit spread until mixed thoroughly. Chop fruit into small pieces.nPLACE 2 tablespoons yogurt mixture into bottom of each waffle cup, top with 12 cup of mixed fruit and a dollop of yogurt mixture., ingredients: [1 cup lowfat vanilla yogurt, 14 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Reduced Fat Peanut Spread, 13 cup Smuckersu00ae Squeeze Strawberry Reduced Sugar Fruit Spread, 8 ice cream waffle cups, 4 cups chopped fresh mixed fruit, such as bananas, pineapple, kiwi, mandarin oranges and berries], title: Tropical Fruit and Yogurt Cones, picturelink: null}, 1084: {instructions: Soak the noodles in warm water for 20 minutes or until soft. Drain. Cover the mushrooms with 1 cup warm water and soak for 20 minutes. Reserve the liquid, discard the stems, and slice the caps into strips. Thinly slice carrots, and bok choy. Halve green bean if using. Keep snow peas whole, if using. Heat the wok, and add 2 tablespoons of the oil, and swirl around. When hot, add the garlic ginger, onion and mushrooms. Stirfry for 1 minute, then add the prepared vegetables. Salt lightly and stirfry for 4 to 5 minutes or until tenderfirm. Remove vegetables and set aside. Heat the third tablespoon oil in the wok, add the noodles, soy sauce, and mushroom water, and simmer for 2 minutes. Return the vegetables to the wok, add the diluted cornstarch, and cook until the vegetables are glazed. Toss with the dark sesame oil and serve., ingredients: [2 ounces dried mung bean thread noodles, 10 dried shiitake mushrooms, 1 cup warm water, 1 12 pounds vegetables, such as carrots, asparagus, green beans or snow peas, 12 cup bamboo shoots, 1 bok choy, thinly sliced, 12 cup broccoli florets, 1 small red pepper, julienned, 3 tablespoons sesame or peanut oil, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 12 inch piece gingerroot, minced, 1 onion, chopped, Salt, to taste, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 34 cup mushroomsoaking water, 2 teaspoons cornstarch diluted in 3 tablespoons water, 1 teaspoon dark sesame, roasted peanut, or chili oil], title: Vegetable StirFry with Glass Noodles, picturelink: null}, 1085: {instructions: Peel potatoes and cut into 2inch cubes. Place potatoes in large pot, cover with sugar, brown sugar and butter cook over medium heat until potatoes are fork tender about 20 minutes but not mushy., ingredients: [3 pounds sweet potatoes or yams, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 sticks sweet butter, cubed], title: Keyshawns Moms Candied Yams, picturelink: null}, 1086: {instructions: Prepare the Hot Chinese Mustard Sauce. In a bowl, combine all the ingredients except the oil. Stir until well blended. Slowly whisk in the peanut oil until emulsified. Refrigerate, covered until needed.nPrepare the aromatic mixture. In a food processor, combine the ginger, garlic, green onions, and red pepper flakes. Turn on machine, slowly add oil, and process mixture to a puree. Saute mixture for 1 to 2 minutes. Season with salt, pepper, and sugar. Set aside.nPrepare the filling. In a wok, stirfry each vegetable separately in peanut oil. Season with salt and pepper. Drain and transfer to a mixing bowl. Stir in noodles, mushroom soy sauce, chile paste, sesame oil, and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside to cool completely. When cool, blend the filling mixture with the aromatic mixture. When ready to form the spring rolls, squeeze out all the excess liquid.nMake the spring rolls. Place about 12 cup of prepared filling per spring roll wrapper. Roll and seal edges with the egg wash. Repeat the process until all filling is used.nIn a deep pot, with about 4 cups peanut oil heated to 350 degrees F., deepfry in batches of 4 until golden, about 2 to 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Trim off the ends and slice diagonally. Drizzle top with Hot Chinese Mustard Sauce. Serve immediately.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [4 tablespoons Chinese dry mustard, 2 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 4 tablespoons pickled ginger liquid, 1 lemon, juiced, Pinch turmeric, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon chile oil, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 cup peanut oil, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, 3 large cloves garlic, 2 green onions, Pinch red pepper flakes, 12 cup peanut oil, Pinch salt, Pinch black pepper, Pinch sugar, 1 large onion, julienned, 1 medium carrot, julienned, 14 pound shiitakes, discard stems, julienned, 1 large red bell pepper, julienned, 1 large yellow bell pepper, julienned, 1 small green cabbage, julienned, Peanut oil, for stirfrying, Salt and pepper, 14 pound glass noodles, soaked in water for 10 minutes, chopped into smaller strands, 14 cup mushroom soy sauce, 2 tablespoons chile paste, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 bunch cilantro leaves, chopped, Spring roll wrappers, 1 egg with 1 tablespoon each water and cornstarch, beaten together for egg wash, Peanut oil, for deepfrying], title: Spring Rolls, picturelink: null}, 1087: {instructions: For the cookies: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly butter 2 baking sheets.nPlace the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer equipped with the paddle attachmentthe one that looks like the peace signand beat until creamy and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the egg yolks and almond extract and beat for another minute or so, scraping down the sides of the bowl occasionally.nIn another large bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and chopped almonds.nGradually add the flour mixture to the buttersugar mixture. When combined, the dough should be soft and homogeneous. Wrap the dough in plastic and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes, until firm.nWhen youre ready to bake, take the dough out of the fridge and roll it into 34inch balls. Place the balls about 1 inch apart on a prepared baking sheet. Using the tip of your thumb, make a hole as deep as you can in each doughball without actually poking through the bottom. Roll your thumb around a little bit to widen the holethis is your thumbprintnBake the cookies for 16 to 18 minutes or until they begin to turn golden around the edges. Remove from the oven and cool. While the cookies are cooling, repoke each one with your thumb to create a really nice spot for the caramel. Repeat with the remaining dough.nFor the caramel: In a medium saute pan, combine the sugar, lemon juice, corn syrup, and 14 cup water. Bring the pan to mediumhigh heat. Be careful not to swish the pan around as that can cause the sugar to recrystallize. As the mixture boils, the water will evaporate and the sugar will begin to turn brown, or caramelize. This is the point when you DO NOT want to take your eyes off it Things can take a turn for the worse here and there will be no recovery. As the sugar begins to turn gold and move toward golden brown, remove it from the heat and add the heavy cream. As you do this it will bubble up like crazy. Be sure to use a pan large enough to accommodate the bubblingthis stuff is molten and can cause a very severe burn. Whisk the cream until things settle down and the bubbles subside, then add the butter 2 pats at a time, making sure each addition is thoroughly incorporated before adding more.nLet the caramel cool slightly, then spoon it into the hole of each cookie and let cool. Youll most likely have leftover caramel sauce, so save it for something yummylike pouring over vanilla ice cream, ingredients: [12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing the baking sheets, 1 cup sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch of salt, 2 cups sliced almonds, coarsely chopped, 1 12 cups sugar, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pats], title: Almond Caramel Thumbprints, picturelink: FGapI9Rz6hronXZt4hK8NNya2Fgkf6K}, 1088: {instructions: Place all but 1 lime wedge in bottom of an oldfashioned glass with a little bit of crushed ice and simple syrup. Muddle all ingredients together until well blended. Fill the glass with crushed ice pour in the Cachaca, the remaining simple syrup and the passion fruit puree. Shake vigorously and serve with a straw and the remaining lime wedge., ingredients: [12 lime, cut into wedges, 1 ounce simple syrup equal parts sugar and water, heated until sugar dissolves, cool, 2 ounces Cachaca Brazilian liqueur, 1 ounce passion fruit puree, Crushed Ice], title: Caipirinha, picturelink: null}, 1089: {instructions: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the scallion whites and jalapeno and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add 1 12 cups water, the rice, bay leaf and 12 teaspoon salt. Increase the heat to medium high and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to low stir, then cover and simmer until the rice is tender and the water is absorbed, 15 to 18 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the greens. Cover and set aside.nSeason the scallops with salt and sprinkle one side with the Cajun seasoning. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the vegetable oil, then the scallops, spiceside down cook until browned and crisp, about 3 minutes. Flip and cook until just cooked through, about 1 minute.nStir the parsley and scallion greens into the rice and season with salt. Serve with the scallops and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 scallions, sliced white and green parts separated, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 cup white rice, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt, 4 cups frozen chopped greens, such as collards andor kale about 10 ounces, thawed and squeezed dry, 1 pound medium sea scallops about 20, foot muscles removed, 12 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Cajun Scallops and Rice, picturelink: C3P1O7j6tL4tzcQ2iHOGKun4Udu4JiG}, 1090: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat the bottom and sides of an 8by8inch baking dish with the butter set aside.nIn a saucepot on medium heat, add the heavy cream, sage, garlic and a pinch of salt. Bring to a low simmer and cook until the cream becomes fragrant with the scent of sage, about 10 minutes.nLayer the potatoes in the prepared dish. Add each slice by overlapping the previous slice by a bit and continue this pattern in a row or create a spiral. Once the first layer is done, sprinkle with a pinch of salt and cayenne pepper. Repeat the next layers by doing the same. Once the layers are complete, strain out the sage leaves and garlic from the heavy cream and pour the cream over the dish. Allow the cream to settle into the dish, picking it up a little bit off the counter, then dropping it to tap the air out. Then, sprinkle with the cheese. Cover the dish with aluminum foil.nLower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake the potatoes for 45 minutes remove the cover and bake until the cheese is golden, about 15 more minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 2 cups heavy cream, 15 fresh sage leaves, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound russet potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced on a mandolin or ask GZ to help, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup grated manchego cheese], title: Sunnys Mommys Sage Potatoes, picturelink: IUaS16xD8vs4gaaFm4lNQwZgPwB9RvK}, 1091: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 1 cup pimento wood chips, soaked for at least 2 hours in cold waternFor the smoked jerk chicken wings: Brush the chicken with canola oil. Combine the sugar, allspice, chile, black pepper and salt. Generously coat the chicken with the spice mix.nHeat the grill to medium for indirect grilling. Add the chips to the coals or put in a smoke box and add to the grill. Place the chicken on the grill over medium heat, and cook until golden browned and crisp, about 5 minutes. Cover the grill. Grill until the chicken is brown and crisp and just cooked through, about 10 minutes. Remove from grill and place the chicken in a large bowl.nMeanwhile, for the honeytamarind dipping sauce: Combine 12 cup water, the orange juice, honey, ketchup, tamarind and ginger in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and cook until slightly thick, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and remove and discard the ginger. Season with salt and pepper. Whisk in the vinegar. Keep warm.nAdd the honeytamarind dipping sauce to the bowl of chicken and toss to coat. Sprinkle with salt and transfer to a platter., ingredients: [Smoked Jerk Chicken Wings:, 2 pounds chicken wings, split, wing tips removed, 14 cup canola oil, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground allspice, 2 teaspoons ground cascabel chile, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 cup orange juice, 14 cup clover honey, 14 cup ketchup, 14 cup tamarind concentrate, 1inch piece ginger, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar], title: Smoked Jerk Chicken Wings with HoneyTamarind Dipping Sauce, picturelink: l7SCZQ4Gl8EZczpx0rI.VhcgH5VNKwW}, 1092: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 310 degrees F.nPlace the ricotta in a large mixing bowl. Bit by bit add 1 cup water, mixing well with a wooden spoon after each addition. When the ricotta is loose and creamy, add the sugar, cinnamon, pine nuts and raisins. Stir until the mixture is homogenous. As you stir, add the cornmeal flour bit by bit until completely incorporated.nUse 1 tablespoon butter to lightly grease a 9inch baking pan. Pour the ricotta mixture into the pan and use the back of the wooden spoon to level the top of the filling. Dab the remaining butter across the top of the ricotta mixture. Bake until firm and golden brown, about 40 minutes. Serve immediately, cut into pizza slices., ingredients: [1 34 cups fresh ricotta, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 14 cup raisins, plumped in 14 to 12 cup white wine for 15 minutes, then drained, 2 cups cornmeal flour polenta, 2 tablespoon butter], title: Sweet Polenta Pizza: Pizza Dolce di Polenta, picturelink: MCfFswrGySNdTRq1POF7LfZn.Y9hO}, 1093: {instructions: Preheat a large bottom pot to mediumhigh heat.nAdd butter to pot and let melt. Add ham, white onion, peppers, Cajun seasoning, salt, brown sugar, onion powder, and minced garlic. Stir in flour and continue to cook while stirring until you achieve a dark brown color, a brown roux. Slowly whisk in 6 cups of fish stock, add slowly to help avoid lumps. Bring to a boil and use remaining 2 cups of stock to adjust for consistency. Remove from heat and add the crabmeat. Set aside for use.nIn a saute pan, over mediumhigh heat, saute shrimp and sausage. Place shrimp and sausage over grits, if using, and top with crab gravy sauce.nCooks note: For home use it is more practical to use instant grits. Cook your grits first and do not be afraid to season to your liking. This is a main component to your dish., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 ounces tasso ham, finely diced, 1 cup finely diced white onion, 1 red pepper, finely diced, 1 green pepper, finely diced, 1 yellow pepper, finely diced, 1 tablespoon spicy blackening Cajun seasoning, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 14 cup light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 tablespoon finely minced garlic, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 8 cups fish stock or vegetable or chicken stock, divided, 4 ounces lump blue crab, 4 pounds shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 pounds spicy sausage, thinly sliced, Grits, optional], title: Charleston Shrimp and Grits with Tasso Blue Crab Gravy, picturelink: cnRoCBBYXPKALIi9tgrjTUb59sHj.y}, 1094: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nToss the asparagus with the oil and some salt and pepper, and spread evenly on a sheet tray. Roast until slightly softened but still green and crisp, about 8 minutes.nPreheat the broiler with a rack set on the middle shelf. Heat a griddle over medium heat.nSpread one side of each slice of the brioche with butter and place butterside down on the hot griddle. Top each slice with equal amounts of cheese, asparagus and sundried tomatoes. Cook until the bread is golden brown, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet.nFill a 10inch skillet with water, and add 1 teaspoon salt and the white vinegar. Bring to a simmer. Crack the eggs one at a time into small ramekins, turn off the heat and add each egg to the water. Cover, and sit until the whites turn solid, 3 minutes. Gently remove with a slotted spoon.nWhile the eggs are poaching, cover each sandwich with the Funky Mornay Sauce and place under the broiler until the sauce is bubbling and browned in spots. Place a poached egg on each sandwich. Season with cracked black pepper and garnish with additional sundried tomatoes.nIn a highsided skillet over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the flour and whisk until blonde, 2 to 3 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk until combined. Add in some nutmeg, and simmer until thick, about 10 minutes. Whisk in the Roquefort until mostly smooth, and season with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [1 pound asparagus, trimmed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, Butter, 4 slices brioche bread, 4 ounces grated Comte cheese about 1 14 cup, 14 cup sliced oilpacked sundried tomatoes, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 4 large eggs, Funky Mornay, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, Freshly grated nutmeg, 14 cup shredded Roquefort cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Croque Hers, picturelink: 0SWTyMJZMG6b.dErL0klEKwQ3OQ5C}, 1095: {instructions: In a saute pan on medium, melt the butter then stir in the sugar. Simmer, stirring occasionally until it begins to turn golden brown and caramelized. Add brandy and lemon juice to the pan and simmer to incorporate. Add pear slices and cook slowly to tenderize and caramelize., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon brandy, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 2 pears, peeled, halved, cored, sliced], title: Caramelized Pears, picturelink: null}, 1096: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the shallot, mustard, vinegar and season with salt and pepper. While whisking, drizzle in the olive oil.nPour vinaigrette over the greens, tosses and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 small shallot, chopped, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 3 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound mixed baby greens, rinsed and spun dry], title: Mixed Baby Greens With Mustard Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 1097: {instructions: Rinse the dried shiitake mushrooms. Place mushrooms in 2 cups of cold water, and soak for at least 4 hours or overnight, refrigerate. In a large pot, bring the stock to a simmer. Add the celery, onions, and carrots. Strain the dried mushrooms, reserving the soaking liquid. Add the strained soaking liquid to the soup. Chop the hydrated mushrooms into 14inch pieces slightly larger than the diced vegetables, and add to the soup. Add the sliced white button mushrooms. Cover, and cook the soup until the vegetables are tender, about 1 hour. Bring the soup to a boil. Stirring constantly, add the orzo. Reduce the heat to a gentle boil, and, stirring occasionally to prevent the pasta from sticking, cook until the orzo is cooked through, another 6 to 8 minutes. Meanwhile melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour, and cook, stirring constantly until smooth, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove 1 cup of the broth from the soup, and add to the roux, whisking constantly until slightly thickened and free of lumps. Stir the thickened liquid into the soup. Add the chopped parsley and dill. Finish the soup with sour cream: Add 14 cup of the thickened soup to the sour cream. Whisk until smooth. Add the sour cream to the soup, whisking constantly until it is well incorporated, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [5 to 6 ounces about 4 to 6 dried mushrooms such as Polish borowik or cepes, 12 large dried shiitake mushrooms, 3 quarts beef stock, 5 medium ribs celery, chopped, 2 large onions, chopped, 5 carrots, chopped, 1 pound white button mushrooms, sliced, 1 cup orzo, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 tablespoons parsley, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons dill, finely chopped, 1 cup sour cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Polish Mushroom Soup, picturelink: null}, 1098: {instructions: In a pitcher, combine the simple syrup, apple juice, rum, and sparkling water. To serve, fill a martini shaker with ice and add about 1 cup of the rum mixture. Shake well and pour into martini glasses. Garnish with apple slices and serve.nIn a small saucepan, combine the sugar, water, and ginger over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 20 minutes. Strain before using., ingredients: [1 13 cups Ginger Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 12 cups 100 apple juice, chilled, 1 cup dark rum, chilled, 12 cup club soda or sparkling water, chilled, Ice, 1 green or red apple, unpeeled, cored and thinly sliced, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 2inch piece of fresh ginger, peeled and chopped], title: Ginger and Apple Martinis, picturelink: WOR3Ey3azx1cm.69EUComiUEEy7doq}, 1099: {instructions: For the Salsa, put all the ingredients into a food processor and pulse until finely chopped set aside.nHeat the grill to medium high.nDrizzle some olive oil over the salmon and season it with salt and pepper. Gently rub 2 tablespoons of the Spice Mix into the salmon. Pour some olive oil onto a paper towel and rub the grill with it  this will help to prevent the fish from sticking. Grill the salmon flesh side down for about 12 to 15 minutes.nTo serve, spread most of the Salsa onto a platter and place the salmon, skin side down, on top. Garnish with more Salsa, radish slices, cilantro, and a drizzle of olive oil.nPut the ancho chiles, cumin, coriander, cinnamon stick, and paprika into a small dry skillet over mediumhigh heat, and toast the spices just until they begin to smell, about 1 minute. Empty into a spice mill and grind to a powder., ingredients: [2 mangoes, peeled, pitted and cut into chunks, 1 red onion, chopped, 6 red radishes, chopped, plus 1 sliced for garnish, 2 limes, peeled and cut into segments, 1 handful fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon Southwest Spice Mix, recipe follows, 1 2 to 3 pound salmon fillet, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ancho chiles, stemmed and seeded, 2 tablespoons whole cumin, 2 tablespoons whole coriander, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika], title: Spicy Grilled Salmon with Mango, Radish, and Lime Salsa, picturelink: null}, 1100: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F200 degrees C.nHalve the squash lengthwise and lay, facedown on a baking sheet. Bake until the flesh of the squash is completely soft, about 30 minutes. Remove and scoop the flesh into a bowl. Mash with butter to taste. Season with salt and pepper. Serve., ingredients: [1 butternut squash, 1 tablespoon butter, more to taste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Squash Puree, picturelink: null}, 1101: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F with a rack set on the middle shelf.nUse a sharp paring knife to lightly score the flesh of each eggplant 6 to 8 times. Place the on a baking sheet and toss with 2 tablespoons of the oil and season liberally with salt and pepper. Place the eggplant, cutside down, and bake until the eggplant starts to soften and the skin starts to brown, about 15 minutes. Use a large offset spatula to gently flip the eggplant over and bake until the flesh is completely softened and light golden brown, about 15 more minutes.nMeanwhile, make the pork: Heat the remaining oil over mediumhigh heat in a large saute pan. Add the pork and 14 teaspoon salt. Cook, breaking up the meat, until lightly browned and no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Add the scallion whites, garlic and ginger and cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Stir in the chiligarlic sauce, soy sauce, vinegar, 12 cup water and half of the scallion greens. Simmer over mediumlow heat for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.nTo serve, spoon the pork over the roasted eggplant and garnish with the remaining scallion greens. Serve with steamed rice., ingredients: [6 medium Japanese eggplants about 1 pound, tops trimmed, halved lengthwise, 14 cup canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ground pork, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, white and green parts separated, 6 cloves garlic, minced, One 2inch knob ginger, peeled and finely grated, 2 to 4 tablespoons chiligarlic sauce or sambal oelek, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, Steamed white rice, warm, for serving], title: Roasted Eggplant with SichuanStyle Pork, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 1102: {instructions: Hold a shrimp into a straight position in your left hand or right hand, if youre left handed. Starting at the tail end, insert a skewer running the length of the shrimp. Place a basil leaf on the back the formerly rounded part of the shrimp. Wrap the shrimp in bacon, tucking in the ends. Skewer and wrap the remaining shrimp the same way.nSet up the grill for direct grilling and preheat to high.nArrange the shrimp on a grate, placing an aluminum foil protector under the exposed portion of the skewers to keep them from burning. Grill the kebabs until the bacon is nicely browned and the shrimp are cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes per side, 4 to 6 minutes in all, turning the kebabs to insure even cooking., ingredients: [24 extra large shrimp about 1 12 pounds, peeled and deveined, 24 fresh basil leaves, 24 thin strips bacon, each 6 to 7 inches long, 24 slender bamboo skewers 8 to 10inches long, soaked in water for 30 minutes], title: Bacon Basil Shrimp on a Stick, picturelink: null}, 1103: {instructions: Put the plantain pieces a pot large enough to hold them, and add water and milk. Add turmeric and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and allow to simmer for 20 minutes. Drain and mash through a ricer.nLightly coat a separate pan with canola oil. Add chorizo and saute for 5 minutes over low heat. Add pureed plantain and mix well.nServe with the Mojo., ingredients: [6 very ripe plantains, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 5 cups water, 1 cup milk, 1 tablespoon ground turmeric, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, 2 cups chorizo, small dice, recommended: Goya, Mojo, for serving, recommended: Goya], title: Mashed Plantains with Chorizo: Fufu, picturelink: null}, 1104: {instructions: Make the shrimp: In a medium saute pan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Season the shrimp with the salt and pepper add to the preheated pan in a single layer. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes per side, or until pink and cooked through. Set aside.nMake the pasta: Cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally to prevent sticking, about 8 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup pasta water. Meanwhile, whisk the olive oil, parmesan and lemon zest and juice in a large bowl to blend.nToss the pasta with the lemon sauce, shrimp and the reserved cooking liquid, adding it 14 cup at a time as needed to moisten. Season with the salt and pepper stir in the basil. Garnish with the fried capers and more parmesan, if desired.nPhotograph by Linda Xiao, ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 34 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound spaghetti, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for the pasta water, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 23 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping optional, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest about 1 large lemon, 12 cup fresh lemon juice about 2 large lemons, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons capers, fried], title: Lemon Spaghetti with Shrimp, picturelink: 1xZMqhx.E4SpdmNHD5Lw9KgX6exg7Be}, 1105: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the butter begins to brown and smells nutty, about 8 minutes. Add the apple cider, cinnamon, star anise, peppercorns and salt bring to a simmer and cook until the liquid has reduced to 23 cup, about 20 minutes. Strain and keep warm.nLay a wonton wrapper on a work surface Keep the remaining wrappers under a damp towel to prevent them from drying out. Place two fig halves, a few crumbles of Gorgonzola and a sprinkling of nuts just off center on the wonton. Brush the edges of the wrapper with egg fold one half over the filling to make a triangle and press the edges to seal. Transfer the ravioli to a plate and cover with a damp towel. Repeat until all of the wonton wrappers are filled.nHeat 14 inch of grapeseed oil in a large skillet over medium heat. One by one, add the ravioli to the oil work in batches to avoid crowding the pan. Cook for 2 minutes on the first side, or until golden brown. Flip and cook for an additional 2 minutes, until golden brown all the way around. Remove the ravioli to a paper towellined plate and keep warm. Serve warm with the apple cider brown butter on the side for dipping., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 12 cups apple cider, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 star anise, 14 teaspoon black peppercorns, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 20 wonton wrappers, 10 dried figs, stemmed and halved lengthwise, 12 cup crumbled Gorgonzola, 14 cup chopped toasted walnuts, 1 large egg, beaten, Grapeseed oil, for frying], title: Crispy Fig and Gorgonzola Ravioli, picturelink: sZSxH6VTbtTn3YZKhhRW0iYNdIw8BHm}, 1106: {instructions: Pesto:nCut the cooked asparagus spears into thirds. Put in a food processor with the basil, pine nuts, garlic, and salt and pepper, to taste. Keep in mind you will add Parmesan as well, so be careful not to oversalt. With the machine running, slowly add the cup of olive oil. When the sauce is about the consistency of mayonnaise, it has enough oil. Pulse in the Parmesan. Thin with water if necessary to achieve a slick, saucy pesto. Scrape into a bowl or jar, cover, and refrigerate until needed. You should have about 3 cups. Keeps about 2 to 3 days, refrigerated.nPut the potatoes in a pan of salted cold water to cover and bring to a boil. Cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and let cool for a few minutes. If the potatoes are larger than about 12 inch in diameter, cut in half.nHeat the olive oil in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the potatoes and cook until browned and crispy all over, about 5 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Keep warm. Add basil, toss with potatoes and set aside.nWhile the potatoes are browning, return the water used for cooking the asparagus, if reserved, to a boil or brint a new pot of water to a boil. Add more salt and the pasta and cook until al dente, about 12 minutes. Drain through a colander, reserving about 12 cup of the pasta cooking water. Pour the pasta into a warm serving bowl, add the potatoes, about 1 cup of the asparagus pesto, several twists of pepper, and 14 cup of the Parmesan. Toss well, thinning with the pasta cooking water as necessary.nDust with a light grating of Parmesan a microplane grater works well for this before serving and pass the remaining cheese and a bowl of pesto at the table., ingredients: [1 bunch asparagus, about 1 pound, trimmed and cooked for 5 minutes in boiling, salted water reserve water for pasta, 12 cup packed coarsely chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 8 cloves minced garlic, Gray salt and freshly ground pepper, About 1 cup pure olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 34 pound marblesize potatoes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 cups uncut fresh basil leaves, 34 pound dried orecchiette or other pasta the same size as potatoes, About 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Asparagus Pesto with Tiny Potatoes and Pasta, picturelink: HGWjhDU0w.oUgsqocHhIckJWVZQ3GT6}, 1107: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh heat. Brush grill with melted butter.nSeason ground beef with salt, pepper and other favorite seasonings. Form into 6 patties and grill, brushing with melted butter several times as burgers cook. Grill, turning once, to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side for medium.nOn bottom half of each roll, place 14 cup olive salad, followed by 2 slices provolone. Top with burgers. Spread 2 tablespoons aioli on each top bun half, and then place over burgers. Serve at once with your favorite frosty cold beverage.nCombine all ingredients in a large bowl. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [12 cup butter, melted, 2 pounds ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups olive salad, recipe follows, 12 slices provolone, 34 cup aioli garlic mayonnaise, 6 hamburger buns, 1 13.4ounce bottle roasted red peppers, drained and coarsely chopped, 1 13.7ounce can quartered artichoke hearts, drained and coarsely chopped, 1 cup green olives, without pimientos, coarsely chopped, 1 cup kalamata olives, pitted and coarsely chopped, 14 cup chopped yellow onion, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Muffaletta Burger, picturelink: null}, 1108: {}, 1109: {instructions: Place vinegar in a small bowl. Gradually whisk in the oil in a thin stream. Stir in the chives, parsley, salt, and pepper.nArrange the tomatoes, onion, and avocado in an overlapping pattern on serving plate. Pour dressing on top., ingredients: [3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup plus 1 12 teaspoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 1 tablespoon minced fresh flat leaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium ripe tomatoes, cut into 14inch thick slices, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 large avocado, cut crosswise into 13inch thick slices], title: Tomato, Avocado, and Red Onion Salad with Herb Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 1110: {instructions: Melt butter in large heavybottomed soup pot over medium heat. Add onion, carrot, celery, and salt. Sweat for 5 to 10 minutes or until the vegetables begin to soften, stirring occasionally. Sift the flour over the vegetables and cook, stirring constantly, for 2 to 3 minutes.nGradually add the chicken stock and bring to boil, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to low and add the garlic and bay leaf. Cover and simmer for 30 minutes or until vegetables are soft.nRemove bay leaf. Turn off the heat, add the heavy cream, and then puree with an immersion blender or in a conventional blender. Gradually add the cheese, 1 small handful at a time, and stir until melted before adding next handful. Stir in the Marsala, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, and white pepper. Taste and add additional salt if desired. If soup is not hot enough, return to a low heat until warmed through.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 ounces small diced onion approximately 1 cup, 5 ounces small diced carrot approximately 1 cup, 5 ounces small diced celery approximately 1 cup, 12 teaspoon salt for sweating vegetables, plus more if needed at end of cooking, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 quart chicken broth, heated to a simmer, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup heavy cream, 10 ounces Fontina, shredded, 1 teaspoon Marsala wine, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 12 teaspoon white pepper], title: Cheese Soup, picturelink: null}, 1111: {instructions: For the honeylime syrup: Bring the honey, lime peel and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan cook until reduced slightly. Transfer the syrup to a container with a lid and refrigerate until cold, about 30 minutes. Remove the peel before using. Makes about 1 13 cups cover and refrigerate extra syrup for up to 1 week.nFor the white tea and rum cocktail: Combine the tea, rum, lime juice, 12 ounce of the honeylime syrup and some ice cubes in a cocktail shaker. Shake for 10 seconds. Strain into a martini glass and serve straightup. Float a lime slice on top., ingredients: [12 cup clover honey, Peel of 1 lime, 2 ounces brewed white tea, cooled, 1 ounce white rum, 12 ounce fresh lime juice, 1 lime slice, for garnish], title: White Tea and Rum Cocktail with HoneyLime Syrup, picturelink: KcF0SmNQnTTbNUKbhZJxJqHvblvkU6}, 1112: {instructions: the vinaigrette in a large bowl. Add the diced chicken, corn, tomatoes, green bell pepper, garlic, basil, and scallions and gently stir to coat and combine. Season with salt, black pepper and cayenne. Peel the avocados and halve them lengthwise, discarding the pits. Cut off a 14inch slice from the rounded side of each avocado half so that they can sit flat and not roll over when stuffed. Rub the avocados well with the cut sides of the lemons. Add the mesclun to the reserved vinaigrette, season with salt and pepper and toss to combine. Arrange 1 12 cups of greens on each serving plate. Position a avocado half in center of greens. Divide the chicken mixture evenly among the avocado halves. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 pound boneless and skinless chicken breast, poached and diced, 1 cup fresh corn kernels, 1 12 cups peeled, seeded and diced ripe tomatoes, 12 cup diced green bell pepper, 1 garlic clove, minced, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 10 basil leaves, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch of cayenne, 2 avocados preferably Haas or California, 2 lemons, halved crosswise, 6 cups tricolor greens, i.e. various greens with radicchio], title: Chicken Salad with Avocado, Corn and Tomato, picturelink: null}, 1113: {instructions: Add the pancetta to a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add olive oil and saute until golden brown, about 8 minutes. Add the onion and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Season with salt. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes. Saute until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir in the tomato puree. Simmer uncovered over mediumlow heat until the sauce thickens slightly and the flavors blend, about 15 minutes. Season the sauce with salt, to taste.nMeanwhile, boil the linguine in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid.nToss the linguine with the sauce in the skillet, adding some of the reserved cooking liquid until the pasta is moist but being careful not to dilute the sauce. Toss with the cheese. Season with salt, to taste., ingredients: [6 ounces pancetta, diced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, Sea salt, 2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, Pinch dried crushed red pepper flakes, 1 28ounce can tomato puree, 1 pound linguine, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano], title: Pasta with Pancetta and Tomato Sauce, picturelink: tTsUnmSDfZduVO9RsFkUxH2zGLrqAS}, 1114: {instructions: Stir the relish, mustard, chives and honey together in a small bowl.nCut the apple off its core and thinly slice into halfmoons. Toss the apples with the lemon juice to keep them from browning.nSpread the rolls on both sides with the relish mixture. Build sandwiches with the Cheddar, apples, ham and arugula., ingredients: [14 cup dill pickle relish, 2 tablespoons grainy mustard, 1 tablespoon thinly sliced fresh chives, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 to 1 crisp apple, such as Gala or Pink Lady, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 Hawaiian sweet rolls, split, 4 ounces sharp Cheddar, sliced, 8 ounces thinly sliced Black Forest ham, 1 12 cups baby arugula], title: Ham, Apple and Cheddar Sliders, picturelink: MpRaaL.VPR8X0tCSrXQQikmQetJjv2}, 1115: {instructions: Adjust rack in lower third of oven and preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a 10 by 15inch jellyroll pan with aluminum foil, leaving a 2inch overhang at each short end.nMix the ground nuts with the cocoa, espresso, spices, salt and pepper in a small bowl. In a large bowl, whisk the eggs and sugar to combine. Rest the bowl in a hot water bath hot to the touch, about 120 degrees and whisk until slightly above body temperature 100 degrees F. Remove bowl from the water bath and using a heavyduty mixer, whip mixture, preferably with a whisk attachment at medium speed until it is light ivory in color and very fluffy, about 6 minutes. Add the vanilla extract in the final minutes of whipping. Fold in half of the ground pecan mixture until incorporated and then fold in remaining pecan mixture. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and spread it evenly. Bake 8 to 11 minutes or until the cake is set on top and springs back when lightly pressed in the center.nRemove pan from the oven, run a knife around the edges to loosen the cake from the sides of the pan. Lift the cake by the foil overhang to remove from pan and transfer to a wire rack to cool. Cover the cake with a sheet of aluminum foil, folding the foil in a tentlike fashion so that it does not stick to the cake but keeps the moisture in while the cake cools. Cool for 30 to 60 minutes. Lift the cake in its foil off the wire rack to the work surface.nRoll the cake until it forms the shape of a log. Wrap securely in aluminum foil and freeze. About 30 minutes before serving, remove cake from freezer to a serving plate discard foil. Sprinkle top of roll with powdered sugar. Using a serrated knife, cut slices, diagonally. Center each portion onto individual powdered sugar over slices., ingredients: [4 ounces pecans, finely ground to yield 1 34 cups, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon powdered instant espresso, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon allspice, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 teaspoon cardamom, 14 teaspoon finely ground pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon powdered cloves, 6 large eggs, 34 granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Spicy Pecan Roll, picturelink: null}, 1116: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nUsing a sharp thin knife, cut a slit into the flesh side of the veal chop almost to the bone. With your hand placing pressure on the top of the chop, move the knife in a slicing motion to form a 3inch pocket in the chop. Cover the chop with a piece of plastic wrap. Using the flat side of a meat mallet or a small heavy skillet, gently pound the chop until it is about 13 inch thick. Remove the plastic wrap and discard. Stuff one piece of the fontina cheese into the pocket and close the meat around it. On one side of the chop, place 3 small sage leaves on the meat. Cover the sage leaves with 2 pieces of cheese and follow that with 2 pieces of prosciutto. Turn over the chop and repeat on the other side.nPlace the flour, eggs and breadcrumbs in 3 separate shallow dishes and season each of them with 14 teaspoon of the salt. Season the flour with the pepper. Dredge both sides of the prosciuttowrapped veal chop in the flour and shake off the excess. Then place the chop into the egg, followed by the panko, packing the breadcrumbs on to the chop to help them stick.nIn a medium skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the breaded chop and cook until the breadcrumbs on the first side are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Using tongs or a spatula, carefully flip the chop and continue to cook until the other side is golden brown as well. Remove the chop to a baking tray and roast in the oven until cooked to 155 degrees F, 8 to 10 minutes. Allow the veal to rest for 5 minutes before serving.nServe topped with Parmesan shavings and fried sage along with grilled lemon on the side if desired., ingredients: [One 12ounce bonein veal rib chop, 5 thin slices fontina cheese about 1 ounce total, 6 small fresh sage leaves, 4 thin slices prosciutto, such as Prosciutto San Daniele, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, beaten, 34 cup panko breadcrumbs, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Optional serving suggestions: Parmesan shavings, fried sage leaves and grilled lemon slices], title: Veal Saltimbocca Milanese Style, picturelink: QP0UI0cSaVmMITFQwvDyzZwF7TtE3U6}, 1117: {instructions: Place the potatoes and 1 teaspoon of the salt in a medium saucepan, add enough water to cover, and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to moderate and simmer until the potatoes are tender when pierced with a fork, about 45 minutes. Drain, reserving 14 cup of the cooking water.nReturn the potatoes to the pan and set over low heat, uncovered, for about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, to let the potatoes dry out a little too much moisture will dilute their flavor. For the smoothest potatoes, pass them through a food mill. For a slightly coarser puree, mash with a potato masher or fork or use a hand mixer.nBeat the buttermilk into the potatoes with a wooden spoon until thoroughly incorporated. If you prefer even creamier potatoes, add a little of the reserved cooking liquid. Beat in the butter, the remaining 12 teaspoon salt, and plenty of pepper.nServe at once, or keep the potatoes warm, covered, in a double boiler over hot water for up to 1 hour., ingredients: [1 14 pounds thinskinned potatoes, such as yellow finns or yukon golds, peeled and cut into 2inch chunks if large, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus 12 teaspoon, 34 cup buttermilk, warmed not hot, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Buttermilk Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 1118: {instructions: Position oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nSeparate the chocolate candy balls into larger and smaller balls. The larger balls will make up the spider bodies and the smaller balls the heads.nWhisk together the flour, baking soda and salt in a small bowl. Cream the sugar and butter in a medium bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the vanilla and egg and mix until thoroughly combined, about 1 minute. Add the peanut butter and mix until creamy, about 1 minute. Turn the mixer speed down to low and add half of the flour mixture. Beat on medium until incorporated, then turn the speed down to low again and add the rest of the flour mixture. Beat on medium until incorporated.nRoll the dough by hand into 1inch balls, place about 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets and bake, rotating the pans halfway through, until the cookies are light golden brown and have spread to about 2 inches wide, about 16 minutes. The cookies are done when they smell very peanut buttery and the tops feel dry and slightly firm when pressed with fingers.nMeanwhile, melt the chocolate over a double boiler. Remove from the heat and let cool briefly so that it is slightly thickened but still pipeable.nWhen the cookies are done, remove them from the oven and transfer them to a cooling rack. Immediately push 2 chocolate candies directly into each hot cookie, putting a smaller chocolate ball toward the edge of the cookie and a larger chocolate ball directly behind it in the center of the cookie.nWhen the melted chocolate has thickened slightly, put it into a plastic bag and cut a small hole in the corner to create a piping bag. Pipe 8 legs on each cookie, starting from the point where the 2 chocolate candies meet. Pipe the front 4 legs so that they curve up toward the head and the back 4 legs so that they curve backward beyond the body. Reserve the remaining chocolate in the piping bag for the pupils of the eyes.nTo make eyes, pipe two 14inch circles on the heads of each spider with the cake decorating gel. Pipe a tiny dot of the reserved melted chocolate in the center of each to make the pupils., ingredients: [One 5ounce box small ballshaped chocolates, such as malted milk balls, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch of fine salt, 12 cup granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, 1 small tube white cake decorating gel], title: Spooky Peanut Butter Spider Cookies, picturelink: null}, 1119: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPut a baking rack onto a baking sheet. Spray the rack with nonstick cooking spray and lay the bacon on the rack in a single layer. Sprinkle with 12 of the raw sugar. Put the pan in oven and bake for 8 minutes. Flip the bacon and sprinkle it with the remaining sugar. Return to the oven and bake until the bacon is browned and crisp, another 8 minutes. Remove the bacon from rack, transfer to a plate, and set it aside to cool completely. Once cool, break the candied bacon into small shards to use for a garnish on the tarts and reserve.nUnfold the puff pastry onto a lightly floured surface and roll the sheet out slightly. Using a 2inch round biscuit cutter, cut out 24 rounds. Place the rounds on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Top with a baking rack to help keep the rounds uniform and even as they bake. Bake in the preheated oven until the rounds are golden brown, about 12 minutes. When done remove them from the oven and set aside to cool.nIn a medium bowl, add the diced apples and toss with the lemon juice. Add the cinnamon, maple syrup, 14 cup bourbon, butter, and brown sugar to the apples, and stir to combine. In a large skillet, heat the apple mixture over mediumlow heat. Cook until the apples are tender and the liquid has thickened, about 10 to 12 minutes. Set aside to cool. Mix the 2 slices cooked and crumbled bacon into the apple filling.nIn a large, chilled bowl combine the heavy cream, powdered sugar and 1 tablespoon bourbon. Whip with a hand mixer to soft peaks.nUsing the tip of a spoon, carefully remove a little circle of puff pastry from the center of each tart round, creating a well. Fill each pastry with 1 tablespoon of the apple filling. Put the filled tarts on a serving platter. Top with a dollop of whipped cream and garnish with a shard of the candied bacon., ingredients: [Candied Bacon:, 4 slices bacon, 3 tablespoons raw sugar, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and diced, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 14 cup bourbon, plus 1 tablespoon, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 cup brown sugar, Pinch salt, 2 strips bacon, cooked and crumbled, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar], title: Bourbon Bacon Apple Tarts, picturelink: 1NVELQQ5p19eGFgdDG8VtGNx0IxVOdG}, 1120: {instructions: In a large stockpot, add the water and bacon and bring to a boil over high heat. Add the collard greens by handfuls, stirring until each batch is wilted before adding more. Bring to a boil and add the onions. Cover and simmer over moderate heat until the collards are very tender, about 40 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool, then squeeze the water out of the collards until almost dry. Place collards on a cutting board and coarsely chop.nMeanwhile, in a food processor, combine the dry bread crumbs with the Parmesan, minced parsley, sage, garlic and extravirgin olive oil. Pulse until just blended.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGenerously butter a shallow 4quart casserole. In a large bowl, mix the collards with the cream and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the eggs until blended and spread the collards into the prepared casserole. Cover with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and sprinkle the Parmesan crumbs over the collards. Return to the oven and bake for about 20 minutes longer, or until the crumb topping is golden. Preheat the broiler and broil the collards 10 inches from the heat until the bread crumb topping is golden brown and crisp. Serve hot. Tastes great with fried chicken., ingredients: [2 cups water, 4 ounces smoky bacon, sliced crosswise into 14inch strips, 8 pounds collard greens, stems and tough inner ribs discarded, 2 large onions, chopped, 34 cup coarse dry bread crumbs, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon minced parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon minced sage leaves, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Butter, for greasing dish, 2 cups heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten], title: Creamy Collard Greens and Bacon, picturelink: null}, 1121: {instructions: Combine the butter, vanilla bean, honey, cinnamon sticks, lemon zest and Cognac in a shallow pan. Place figs flesh side down skin side up in the mixture. Cover with foil and roast in a 325degree oven for 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let figs sit in mixture until ready for use.nCAKES: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease 12 individual muffin tins. Use a muffin tray if individual trays are not available. Using a box grater, grate the apples and carrots. Set aside in a medium bowl. Add the raisins. In a large bowl combine the honey, brown sugar, cognac, vegetable oil, and mix until well combined. To this add the eggs and mix again until combined. To this mixture add the carrots, apples and raisins. Stir. At this point all the wet ingredients should be in the same bowl. In a medium bowl, combine all of the remaining dry ingredients, except the pecans. Sift together the dry ingredients so that all the spices evenly mixed together. Add all the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients. Fold together just until well combined. Stir in pecans. Pour mixture into greased muffin tins. Bake at 350 degrees for about 45 minutes. While the cakes are baking prepare the figs for the garnish. A toothpick inserted into the cake should come out clean when removed. Cool slightly and glaze. Melt 2 tablespoons of butter and to this add 12 cup of honey, stir until it comes together. Using a pastry brush, glaze the tops of the cakes, and lean 2 fig halves across each other and against the side of an individual honey cake. Nap sauce around figs. Place a quenelle of whipped cream on top of cake., ingredients: [1 cup shredded apples, 12 cup shredded carrots, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 12 cup clover honey, 1 cup brown sugar, 3 tablespoons Cognac, 12 cup vegetable oil, 3 eggs, 2 cups all purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon cloves, 34 teaspoon cardamom, 34 teaspoon ginger, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup toasted pecans, 1 tablespoon melted butter, 12 vanilla bean, scraped, 14 cup honey, 3 cinnamon sticks, Zest of 2 lemons, 1ounce Cognac, 12 figs cut in half through the poles, 12 cup heavy cream whipped to stiff peaks], title: HoneyApple and Carrot Cake with Roasted Figs, picturelink: null}, 1122: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing:nAdd all the ingredients to a bowl and whisk together.nFor the salad:nPlace first 7 ingredients into a large bowl. Drain and rinse black beans. Place into bowl with vegetables. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle in dressing. Wrap and place in refrigerator 1 hour prior to serving.nWhen ready to serve, place salad mix into a large bowl. Add vegetables to the salad bowl and top with shredded cheese., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 12 red onion, diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 14 cup chiffonade cilantro leaves, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 15ounce can black beans, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Salad mix, 12 cup shredded Monterey jack cheese], title: Neelys Sweet Heat Tri Color Salad, picturelink: 3B790vdW44Uhh7moyHTslbbOOXdJKW}, 1123: {instructions: Peel and thinly slice a 4inch piece of ginger put in a small jar. Pierce 1 or 2 Thai chiles with the tip of a knife add to the jar. Bring 12 cup each rice vinegar and water, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt and 2 star anise pods to a simmer in a saucepan cook 5 minutes, then pour over the ginger and let cool slightly. Cover and refrigerate overnight or up to 2 weeks.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Pickled Ginger, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 1124: {instructions: Scrape corn from cobs. Heat a medium skillet over medium heat. Add butter and chopped vegetables and lightly saute for 3 minutes, then add corn and season with thyme, salt and pepper. Cook 5 minutes, then add halfandhalf. Cover and cook over medium low heat 10 minutes. Uncover and stir, then adjust seasonings., ingredients: [4 ears corn on the cob or 2 boxes frozen corn kernels, 10 ounces each, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 rib celery and greens, chopped, 12 small red bell pepper, chopped, 2 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, Salt and pepper, 12 cup halfandhalf], title: Creamy Corn, picturelink: null}, 1125: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTo peel the pumpkin, halve it, and then scoop out the seeds. Cut it into wedges, carve the flesh away from the skin, and then chop it into 1inch cubes. If using butternut squash, cut the squash in half, separating the upper half from the bulbous bottom. Use a sharp vegetable peeler or paring knife to trim away the skin. Chop the squash into 1inch cubes. Place the pumpkin on a baking sheet and drizzle with 2 tablespoons EVOO and season with the salt, pepper and nutmeg. Place in the oven and roast until golden brown and cooked through, 30 to 35 minutes. Add the pistachios during the last 5 to 10 minutes of cooking. Let cool to room temperature.nWhile the pumpkin is roasting, make the vinaigrette. In a small mixing bowl, combine the vinegar, honey and mustard. In a slow stream, whisk in the remaining EVOO, add the chives and season with salt and pepper.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the cooked and cooled pumpkin with the pistachios and the baby spinach and arugula. Toss and the adjust seasoning. Arrange on a platter and top with crumbles of the gorgonzola., ingredients: [2 sugar pumpkins or butternut squash, 1 14 cups EVOO, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup pistachios, shelled, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup finely chopped fresh chives, 10 to 12 cups mixed baby spinach and baby arugula, 2 cups crumbled gorgonzola cheese], title: Roasted Pumpkin with Pistachios and Gorgonzola, picturelink: tyydZS6aFtloa0Og7bnVGBbeHalshC.}, 1126: {instructions: Pound out the chicken breasts between two sheets of plastic wrap until thin and evenly thick. In a square glass baking dish combine orange juice, mustard, wine and tarragon. Place breasts in dish and coat with marinade and let sit for 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Lay one chicken breast out flat and top with some chopped spinach. In a small bowl mix together cheese, olives, mint and apricots. Roll up the breast and secure with toothpicks. Place chicken back into marinating dish and repeat procedure for remaining breasts. Bake for 40 minutes until firm., ingredients: [4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 14 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon mustard, 12 cup white wine, 1 teaspoon dried tarragon, 4 ounces fresh spinach, washed, stems removed and coarsely chopped, 4 ounces Goat cheese or cream cheese, softened, 12 cup black greek olives, pits removed and chopped, 1 teaspoon dried mint, 12 cup chopped dried apricots], title: Savory Stuffed Chicken Breasts, picturelink: null}, 1127: {instructions: Put the peanut butter and chocolate into a heatproof bowl and set over a bowl of barely simmering water, being sure the bowl does not touch the water. Heat the peanut butter and chocolate until just melted stir until very smooth. Remove from the heat and cool until room temperature and the mixture has thickened.nTransfer the chocolate mixture to a quartsized resealable plastic bag or disposable pastry bag without a tip. Snip 1 corner with scissors to create a piping bag. Squeeze about 12 teaspoon of the chocolate mixture onto a banana chip and top with a second. Continue making banana chip sandwiches until the chocolate is used.nLet the chocolate set completely at room temperature. Mini sandwiches can be stored covered at room temperature or refrigerated. They wont last long, thoughnCooks Note: If the chocolate mixture gets too firm to pipe, warm it briefly over the simmering water in the bowl to loosen. If you have already transferred it to a piping bag, simply wrap your hands around the bag and hold it for a few minutes. The residual heat from your hands will soften the chocolate until it is easy to pipe., ingredients: [14 cup creamy natural peanut butter, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 12 cups dried banana chips, about 72 chips], title: Memphis Banana Bites, picturelink: null}, 1128: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line 2 half sheet pans with parchment paper.nWash and thoroughly dry the greens. Tear the larger leaves into 1 to 2inch strips.nLay the greens in a single layer on the half sheet pans, spritz lightly with the olive oil and sprinkle with the salt.nBake until the greens are dry and have darkened slightly, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove immediately from the pan on the parchment and transfer into a serving dish. Repeat with any remaining greens. Serve immediately, or store in a brown paper bag for up to 3 days., ingredients: [6 to 8 ounces hearty greens, such as kale, chard, mustard, collards or spinach, 14 cup olive oil not extravirgin, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Baked Greens Chips, picturelink: 0Lw6fwrnvt7XhUbCCi9TWOr43mLlAC}, 1129: {instructions: Peel sweet potatoes and discard skin. Using the vegetable peeler or a mandoline make long thin chips by peelingslicing lengthwise from top to bottom. Place in a bowl of ice water and chill for 1 hour. Drain in a colander and layout on paper towels and pat dry.nCombine chili powder, garlic powder, a pinch of cayenne, cumin and salt and pepper.nHeat vegetable oil in a large pot to 375 degrees F. Fry the potatoes in single layer batches for 2 to 3 minutes until golden brown. Lift chips out with slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Season with the spice mixture and serve immediately. Serve as an appetizer with Blue Cheese and Chives dip.nCombine sour cream, mayonnaise, lemon juice, blue cheese, honey and chives in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper and garnish with chives. Serve with spicy and sweet potato chips., ingredients: [2 large sweet potatoes, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, Blue Cheese and Chive Dip, recipe follows, 1 cup sour cream, 1 cup mayonnaise, storebought, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 cup crumbled blue cheese, 1 12 tablespoons honey, 12 bunch finely chopped chives, plus extra for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet Potato Chips Dusted with Chili Powder, picturelink: OOU7r6QusTnt.rd4BCfGchUZNzut48O}, 1130: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13inch pan.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, granulated sugar, pecans, coconut, baking soda, cinnamon, salt, nutmeg and ginger. In another bowl, whisk together the oil, milk, vanilla and eggs and stir in the grated zucchini. Fold this into the dry ingredients. The batter will be stiff and dry but keep folding it and it will all come together. If it still seems too dry, just add a little more milk.nSpread the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out with moist crumbs and the cake is pulling away from the sides of the pan, about 20 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack.nFor the frosting: Beat the cream cheese and butter in a large bowl with a mixer at medium speed until smooth. Beat in the powdered sugar and vanilla just until smooth. Add the milk if necessary.nSpread the frosting over the top of the cooled cake. Garnish with chopped pecans., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the pan, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 13 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup finely chopped pecans, 12 cup sweetened flaked coconut, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons milk, plus more if needed, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 2 cups grated unpeeled zucchini about 4 zucchini use the small holes on a grater and pat dry with a paper towel, One 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 4 tablespoons salted butter, softened, 2 cups powdered sugar, more or less as needed, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 splashes milk, if needed, 12 cup chopped pecans, for garnish], title: Zucchini Cake, picturelink: H1Ix3Qkp.eU23xhoTOpUHhi7.Pu8ca}, 1131: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line muffin pans with paper liners.nFor the chocolate cupcakes: In a medium bowl, cream together both sugars and the oil. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, and then stir in the vanilla. Combine flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt, add to the creamed mixture and mix well. Stir in the milk until the batter is smooth. Set aside.nFor the strawberry cupcakes: In a medium bowl, cream together the butter, cream cheese, granulated sugar and gelatin. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, and then stir in the vanilla. Combine the cake flour and baking powder, add to the creamed mixture and mix well. Stir in the milk and strawberries until the batter is smooth. Set aside.nFor the vanilla cupcakes: In a medium bowl, cream together the butter, cream cheese and granulated sugar. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, and then stir in the vanilla. Combine the flour and baking powder, add to the creamed mixture and mix well. Stir in the milk until the batter is smooth. Set asidenUse a miniature cupcake scooper and scoop all three batters into the cupcake liner. First scoop the chocolate batter, second the strawberry batter and third the vanilla batter. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. The cupcakes are done when they spring back to the touch. Let cool.nFor the chocolate frosting: In a small bowl, melt the chocolate in the microwave starting at 30 seconds and stir. Melt in increments of 30 seconds as needed so that you do not burn or overheat the chocolate.nIn a medium bowl, cream together the butter, melted chocolate and vanilla until mixed well. Then add the confectioners sugar.nFor the strawberry frosting: In a medium bowl, cream together the cream cheese and butter. Add the confectioners sugar and strawberry extract.nFor the vanilla frosting: In a medium bowl, cream together the cream cheese and butter. Add the confectioners sugar and vanilla extract.nTo assemble: After all the cupcakes have cooled, frost each cupcake in the same order you placed the batter chocolate, strawberry, vanilla., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 cup vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup milk, 2 sticks salted butter, 8 ounces cream cheese, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup strawberry gelatin, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoons baking powder, 12 cup milk, 12 cup sweetened strawberries purchased frozen, but thawed for recipe, 1 stick salted butter, 8 ounces cream cheese, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 34 teaspoons baking powder, 12 cup milk, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 sticks salted butter, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 8 ounces strawberry cream cheese, 2 sticks salted butter, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon strawberry extract, 8 ounces cream cheese, 2 sticks salted butter, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon clear vanilla extract], title: Neapolitan Cupcakes, picturelink: sjCOaXZCHEW3OPM9BWwzV.sq5UeKO}, 1132: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dry rub: Mix together the sugar, chili powder, salt, cumin, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, black pepper, seafood seasoning and cayenne until thoroughly combined.nGive the pork a healthy rubbing of the dry rub. Refrigerate and let sit for 24 hours.nPrepare a smoker with hickory chunks to 225 degrees F. Smoke the pork until it reaches an internal temperature of 190 degrees F, about 1 hour 15 minutes per pound.nFor the bbq sauce: Saute the garlic and onions until soft in a large saucepan. Stir in the chili powder and saute until toasted and fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the molasses, beef stock, mustard, vinegar, Worcestershire, steak sauce, salt, black pepper, hot sauce, lemon juice, chipotles and habanero and simmer for 30 to 45 minutes. Remove the habanero, transfer to a food processor or blender and puree.nFor the citrus dressing: Whisk together the vinegar, sugar, juice, honey and white pepper, and add celery seed and salt to taste.nWhen the pork is ready, pull it by hand into small chunks and mix in a bowl with the bbq sauce.nPut the carrots and cabbage into a large bowl. Slowly add the dressing and hand toss until the slaw is coated but not saturated. Reserve remaining dressing for future use.nScoop about 1 cup of the pork mixture onto each roll and top with about 14 cup of the purple slaw., ingredients: [3 cups brown sugar, 1 cup chili powder, 1 cup kosher salt, 12 cup cumin, 12 cup paprika, 14 cup garlic powder, 14 cup onion powder, 14 cup black pepper, 14 cup seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 18 cup cayenne pepper, One 8 to 12pound bonein pork butt, 10 cloves garlic, minced, 2 onions, minced, 4 tablespoons chili powder, 4 cups molasses, 2 cups beef stock, 8 ounces mustard, 8 ounces cider vinegar, 4 ounces Worcestershire sauce, 6 tablespoons steak sauce, such as A1, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Cholula, Juice of 2 lemons, 2 seeded chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, 1 habanero, whole, 3 cups white wine vinegar, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon white pepper, Celery seed, Kosher salt, 3 carrots, grated, 1 head purple cabbage, shredded, 15 Kaiser rolls, toasted], title: ChipotleHabanero Pork BBQ Sandwich, picturelink: UrORmEs5bjnwRQ1A7xG8HweSpdXDXE6}, 1133: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThis looks like a lot of work, but it really isnt. All you have to do is set yourself up for success First, line a baking sheet with paper towels or parchment paper. Set a cooling rack over it. This will be where you land your fried maters.nThen, using your hands, rip the burrata into bitesize pieces 1 per slice of tomatillo, and line them up on a plate. Season them with a little salt and pepper. Slice your lime into wedges so that its easy to squeeze over the top of the whole thing at the end keep your basil handy too. Set them aside.nTo make the cumin oil: In a very small skillet castiron if you have it, warm the olive oil until its nearly smoking. Add the cumin seeds. The seeds should sizzle once they hit that oil If not, your oil is not hot enough.nCook, swirling the pan every now and then, until the cumin seeds darken in colour dont let them burn. As soon as theyve darkened, pour the oil into a small bowl, and let it cool.nThen, grab a large skillet again castiron is awesome and set it over mediumhigh heat. Add the canola oil. Keep an eye on it while you set up your dredging station if it starts to smoke, take it off the heat to cool off.nPour the buttermilk into a flatbottomed dish, and season with a little salt and pepper. In another similarly shaped bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, flour, garam masala, and cayenne pepper. Season it also with a generous pinch of salt and pepper.nTo check that the oil is hot, drop a pinch of the flourcornmeal mixture into the pan. If it sizzles enthusiastically at you, its time to gonDip both sides of a tomatillo slice in the buttermilk. Then, using your other hand to avoid the claw, dredge it in the cornmeal mixture. Shake off excess cornmeal, and drop it into the oil. Repeat with as many slices as you can fit into the pan without overcrowding. By the time youve placed the last slice in the pan, it will probably be time to flip the first one. It should be lightly golden, but not soft. Cook another minute or so, and then remove to the parchmentlined baking sheet.nTo assemble: Place the tomatillos on a platter. Top each one with a piece of burrata. Drizzle those puppies with a little cumininfused oil. Sprinkle some basil over the top and finish with a squeeze of lime juice. Serve your fancypants fried green beauties immediatelynCombine the cinnamon sticks, whole cloves, green cardamom pods, and black cardamom pods into a spicecoffee grinder and grind until fine. Store the masala in an airtight container away from direct sunlight., ingredients: [2 4ounce balls burrata cheese, 4 medium tomatillos husks removed and rinsed or 2 green tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 or 2 limes, A few fresh basil leaves, handtorn or sliced into thin ribbons, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 3 to 4 tablespoons canola oil, for frying, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour I use glutenfree allpurpose baking mix, 1 teaspoon garam masala storebought or homemade, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 large cinnamon sticks if you have the kind you get at Indian stores, its about 3 tablespoons of cinnamon bark bits, 3 tablespoons whole cloves, 14 cup green cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 2 tablespoons of seeds, 4 large black cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 1 tablespoon of seeds  optional], title: Fried Green Tomatillos with Burrata, Cumin and Basil, picturelink: TSDWcEmfL7NrTZfrq0ZPCqxnhQ1Ty2}, 1134: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare 8inch square baking pan with nonstick spray. Set aside. Combine melted butter and cocoa powder. Set aside to cool. In large bowl beat eggs until frothy. Add Stevia Extract In the Raw and Sugar In The Raw. Combine flours, baking powder and salt u2013 add to egg mixture and stir. Add in cocoa mixture, vegetable oil, buttermilk and vanilla. Stir until blended. Stir in mini chips. Pour batter into baking pan and bake at 350 degrees F about 20 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean. Remove from oven and cool on rack. Cut into 16 squares and serve., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, melted, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 eggs, 13 cup, strong, STEVIA EXTRACT IN THE RAWu00ae CUP FOR CUP, strong, 13 cup Sugar In The Rawu00ae, 12 cup whole wheat flour, 12 cup all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup low fat buttermilk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup semi sweet chocolate mini chips], title: Chocolate Chip Brownies, picturelink: cnjoijdWjqAnrSMk7..Wy11ydmg.VS6}, 1135: {instructions: In a wok or large heavy skillet, heat the oil. Quickly stirfry the onion and garlic. Add the chicken and cook for a few minutes until just done. Push chicken to sides of wok. Scramble the eggs in the wok. Push to sides. Add shrimp, mushrooms, bean sprouts, broccoli, parsley, and rice. Mix the chicken and eggs and stirfry 4 to 5 minutes. Add the soy sauce, basil and pepper. Stirfry for another 2 to 3 minutes. Garnish with green onions and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 boneless chicken breast, sliced, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 cup large shrimp, 1 cup mushrooms, chopped, 12 cup bean sprouts, 12 cup chopped broccoli, 12 cup chopped, fresh parsley, 2 cups cooked rice, 14 cup soy sauce, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 2 green onions, finely chopped], title: Hens Quick Fried Rice, picturelink: null}, 1136: {instructions: Mix 1 oz. of blueberry syrup with 4 oz. lemonade and a splash of soda water. Serve over ice. Garnish with a twist of lemon., ingredients: [1 oz. wild blueberry syrup, 4 oz. lemonade, Splash of soda water, Twist of lemon for garnish], title: Wild Blueberry Spritzer, picturelink: null}, 1137: {instructions: Sauce: In a casserole set over moderate heat, cook the onion and garlic in the oil, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes, or until translucent. In a blender or food processor, puree the tomatoes, water, and tomato sauce until smooth and add it to the casserole. Add the carrots, potato, basil, cayenne, and salt. Bring the liquid to a boil and simmer, partially covered, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour.nRinse the squid and turn the body sacs inside out. Mince the tentacles.nIn a skillet set over moderate heat, cook the onion and garlic in the oil, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes more.nTransfer to a bowl. Add the sea legs, eggs, bread crumbs, grated cheese, and salt and pepper.nCombine the mixture well. Stuff the squid with the bread crumb mixture and close with a toothpick. Add the squid to the sauce and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, or until just tender. Transfer the squid to a serving dish.nMeanwhile, cook the linguini according to package directions, drain, and transfer it to a large bowl. Add enough sauce to coat the pasta and toss to combine. Sprinkle with cheese. Serve the squid separately with a mixed green salad., ingredients: [1 cup minced onion, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cans 28 ounces each crushed tomatoes in puree, 1 cup water, 1 can 15 ounces tomato sauce, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch lengths, 1 boiling potato, peeled and left whole, 1 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled, Cayenne pepper, Salt, 3 pounds squid, cleaned, 1 small onion, minced fine, 2 cloves garlic, minced fine, 12 pound sea legs, diced small, 2 hardcooked eggs, finely chopped, 12 cup fresh bread crumbs, 13 cup freshly grated Locatelli or Parmesan, plus more, for passing, Salt and pepper, 1 pound linguini], title: Stuffed Squid with Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1138: {instructions: Season the ribs liberally with herbs and salt and pepper. Place in a large nonreactive bowl or deep container and cover with wine. Marinate for 12 hours in the refrigerator.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove ribs from marinade, pour all the wine into a sauce pot, and reduce by half. Meanwhile, heat a layer of olive oil in a large cast iron pan over mediumhigh heat. Sear ribs on all sides until well browned. Place browned ribs into a braising or deep roasting pan. Brown onion, carrots, celery, and garlic in the same cast iron pan, adding more oil as needed. Scatter browned vegetables over the ribs. Add the reduced wine, the stock, bay leaves, and mushrooms. Cover the pan with parchment paper and foil and place in the oven for 5 hours. Transfer from the oven and allow the ribs to rest for 1 hour before removing the bones. Skim any fat from the sauce. Remove vegetables from the pan and set aside. While ribs are resting, strain sauce into a sauce pot and reduce for 1 hour. Pour hot sauce over ribs and vegetables and serve., ingredients: [5 pounds  3inch thick cut bonein beef short ribs, 1 bunch each fresh thyme, rosemary, and sage leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons each kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 750ml bottles Cabernet Sauvignon, Olive oil, for searing ribs, 1 yellow onion, medium dice, 2 carrots, peeled and medium dice, 2 ribs celery, medium dice, 3 cloves garlic, 4 quarts veal stock, 3 bay leaves, 1ounce dry porcini mushrooms], title: Slow Braised Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: AXkm5qx8b8cwvp9J4WT1bDJuyllMgPq}, 1139: {instructions: For the dill sour cream: In a medium bowl, whisk to combine the sour cream, dill and some salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the hash brown cake: Heat the butter and oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. In a large bowl, stir to combine the potatoes, flour, paprika, salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, eggs, garlic and onion.nSpread the potato mixture in an even layer to cover the bottom of the skillet and use a spatula to press gently. Cover and cook until the potatoes are warmed through and crisp on the bottom, 8 to 10 minutes. Uncover the skillet and remove from the heat. Place a platter larger than the skillet directly over the top of the skillet and invert the potato cake onto the plate.nCut into wedges and serve with the dill sour cream and sprigs of dill for garnish., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 cups frozen cooked shredded potatoes, thawed, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne pepper, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped small, 12 yellow onion, grated, Fresh dill sprigs, for garnish], title: Hash Brown Cake with Dill Sour Cream, picturelink: null}, 1140: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pulse the flour, baking powder, baking soda and fine salt in a food processor. Add the butter and pulse into peasize pieces. Add the dill, then slowly pulse in the buttermilk until the dough just comes together. Transfer to a floured surface and knead three to five times. Shape into a disk.nRoll out the dough to about 12 inch thick. Cut into rounds with a 2 12inch round cutter or a glass. Reroll any scraps. Place on a baking sheet, brush with buttermilk and bake until golden, 10 to 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the honey butter: Mix the butter, honey and sea salt in a bowl until smooth. Serve with the warm biscuits.nPhotograph by Roland Bello, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 12 cup buttermilk, plus more for brushing, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 teaspoons honey, 14 teaspoon sea salt], title: Dill Biscuits with Honey Butter, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 1141: {instructions: Open the tins of sardines, drain off the excess oil, and set the tins in the middle of a lovely, long platter. Halve the baguette lengthwise, then cut into pieces. Toast them, and arrange around the sardines. Cut the lemon into wedges and pile on the platter as well. Serve with a pot of cold preferably unpasteurized butter and pepper for grinding over top., ingredients: [2 tins sardines, packed in olive oil, 1 baguette, halved lengthwise and cut into pieces, 1 lemon, for serving, Cold butter, for serving, Freshly ground black pepper, for serving], title: Chris Mooneys Sardine Tartines Platter, picturelink: null}, 1142: {instructions: Cut the celery in large dice, including the leaves, and puree in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Add the horseradish, shallot, Worcestershire sauce, celery salt, kosher salt, Tabasco and lime juice and process until smooth. Pour the mixture into a large pitcher, add the tomato juice, and stir.nPour into tall glasses and serve each with the top half of a celery stalk., ingredients: [3 stalks celery from the heart, including leaves, plus extra for serving, 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon chopped shallot, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 dashes hot sauce, or to taste recommended: Tabasco, 2 limes, juiced, 1 48ounce bottle tomato juice recommended: Sacramanto], title: Virgin Marys, picturelink: 9fbRJ7p5boLkgsh7o2DfdisnwrKeJOS}, 1143: {instructions: For the blue layer: Pour the pomegranate juice into the blender. Add the bananas, blueberries, ice and honey and blend until smooth. Pour into the bottoms of four 8ounce glasses and tap the glasses on the countertop to help even the layer. Freeze while preparing the next layer.nFor the white layer: Rinse out the blender and pour in the orange juice. Add the ice, yogurt and bananas and blend until smooth. Pour the white layer on top of the blue layer in the glasses, again tapping the glasses on the countertop, and then return to the freezer.nFor the red layer: Rinse the blender once more and pour in the pomegranate juice. Add the strawberries, bananas and ice and blend until smooth. Pour the red layer on top of the white layer. Keep in the freezer until ready to serve., ingredients: [4 ounces pomegranate juice 12 cup, 12 frozen banana, sliced, 12 cup frozen blueberries, 12 cup ice, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 ounces orange juice or the juice from 1 orange, 12 cup ice, 12 cup yogurt, plain or vanilla, 1 frozen banana, sliced, 2 ounces pomegranate juice 14 cup, 1 cup frozen strawberries, halved, 12 frozen banana, sliced, 12 cup ice], title: Red, White and Blue Smoothie, picturelink: OzBRYOEFqTMftj7pry3CaoJyAgJK1yO}, 1144: {instructions: In a deep stockpot, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the onions and celery and saute until translucent, about 4 minutes. Sprinkle in the flour and stir. Let the flour cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Add 8 cups water and the clam base and whisk vigorously, making sure there are no lumps from the flour. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and stir in the potatoes and chopped clams. Simmer for 20 minutes. Add the cream, dill, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bring back to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook until thickened, another 20 minutes. Check for seasoning, add a few dashes hot sauce, and serve with your favorite crusty bread., ingredients: [1 pound 4 sticks butter, 1 12 white onions, diced, 5 stalks celery, sliced thin, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons clam base or clam juice See Cooks Note, 4 potatoes Idaho or russet, peeled and cut into 14inch cubes, 2 pounds fresh chopped clams , 4 cups heavy cream, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, A few dashes of your favorite hot sauce, 1 loaf crusty bread, for serving], title: New England Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 1145: {instructions: For the lime aioli: Place the vegetable oil, mustard, limes leaves, egg yolk and lime juice in a tall container. Blend the ingredients using a hand blender until the lime aioli becomes thick. Place the mixture in a bowl, season with salt, cover and place in fridge.nFor the chicken salad: Place the chicken, limes leaves, celery, onions, bay leaves, peppercorns, some salt and 10 cups cold water in a large pot and bring to a boil. Once the water comes to a boil, lower the heat to a simmer and skim the impurities. After about 1 hour, turn the heat off and allow the chicken to rest for 30 minutes. Remove the chicken from the broth and remove the skin. Strain and reserve 3 34 cups chicken stock for the brown rice pilaf. Refrigerate or freeze the remaining stock. Once the chicken has cooled, shred the chicken meat by hand and place in a bowl. Mix the lime aioli with the shredded chicken meat, season with salt and place in the fridge until assembly.nFor the crunchy lime topping: Place the celery, olive oil, green onions, lime zest and juice in a small bowl. Season with salt, mix and reserve for assembly.nFor the charred tomato: In a castiron pan, heat a couple tablespoons olive oil over medium to high heat. Season the tomatoes with sugar, salt and pepper. Sear the tomatoes on both sides until charred, remove from the heat and reserve until assembly.nFor the brown rice pilaf: Heat the vegetable oil in a wide, tallrimmed pot over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until tender and translucent. Add the bay leaf and rice and stir to coat the rice in oil. Add the reserved 3 34 cups chicken stock and the soy sauce and stir. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a low simmer and place the lid ajar over the pot. Cook until rice is tender, 30 to 40 minutes, then fluff with a fork and set aside.nTo assemble the lime leaf chicken salad: Place some brown rice pilaf on the bottom of each serving plate. Place 2 pieces of charred tomato on each plate over the pilaf. Place equal amounts of lime leaf chicken salad on top of the charred tomatoes. Spoon the crunchy lime topping over. Garnish each plate with celery leaves and drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [1 cup vegetable oil, 1 to 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 lime leaves, finely chopped, 1 egg yolk, Juice of 1 lime, Salt, One 3 to 4pound whole chicken, 5 lime leaves, broken, 3 stalks celery, 2 onions, roughly chopped, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, Salt, 1 cup celery hearts about 6 stalks, finely diced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 green onions, whites minced and green tops cut into thin rings, Zest and juice of 1 lime, Salt, Olive oil, 2 large tomatoes, quartered, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 shallot, finely diced, 1 bay leaf, 1 12 cups brown rice, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, Celery leaves from hearts, roughly torn by hand, 4 teaspoons olive oil], title: Lime Leaf Chicken Salad with Lime Aioli, Crunchy Lime Topping On Charred TomatoBrown Rice Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 1146: {instructions: Whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, salt and baking soda in a medium bowl and set aside.nPut the butter into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or a large bowl if using a hand mixer and beat on mediumhigh speed until smooth. Add the sugar and beat until light and fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl and paddle as needed, about 4 minutes more. Add the egg and vanilla and beat until smooth. Add the melted chocolate and beat until smooth.nReduce the mixer speed to mediumlow and add the flour mixture in two batches, scraping down the sides of the bowl and paddle as needed. Mix until incorporated.nDivide the dough in half and shape into two flattened disks. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm at least 1 hour and up to 3 days. Remove the dough from the refrigerator for 20 to 30 minutes before rolling, to soften.nPosition oven racks to the upper and lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment. Now flour parchment for rolling: Dust a piece of parchment with flour, place a disk of dough on it, dust the disk with flour, then cover it with a second piece of parchment. Roll out the dough about 14 inch thick. Cut out shapes with 112 to 2inch cookie cutters. Gather up the scraps, reroll and cut out. Chill the scraps if the dough becomes too soft. Roll and cut out the remaining disk of dough. Working in batches, arrange the cookies 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets.nBake the cookies until the tops look dry and no indentation is left when pressed with your finger, 10 to 12 minutes. Let the cookies cool for a few minutes on the baking sheets, then use a metal spatula to transfer them to a rack to cool completely.nDecorate with royal icing as desired. Store at room temperature in an airtight container for up to 3 days.nCombine the confectioners sugar, meringue powder and 34 cup water in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment or in a large bowl if using a hand mixer. Mix on mediumlow speed until pure white and stiff enough to form peaks.nAdd up to 1 tablespoon food coloring if using and mix with a rubber spatula until the color is uniform. Store at room temperature, covered, with plastic wrap on the surface for up to 2 days. Rewhip until smooth before using., ingredients: [12 teaspoon fine salt, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, spooned and leveled, plus more for dusting, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 large egg, 1 14 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, melted, Royal Icing, recipe follows, Your favorite sprinkles and nonpareils, for decorating, Two 1pound boxes confectioners sugar about 7 12 cups, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons meringue powder, Food coloring , such as gel coloring, if desired], title: Chocolate Sugar Cookie CutOuts, picturelink: mN4y5FbAAeDbNn.2vnfAQAlJhOKZTvS}, 1147: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nInsert meat thermometer into center of ham without touching bone. Place ham on rack in roasting pan and brush all over with cider. Transfer to oven and roast, basting every 20 minutes with cider, for a total cooking time of 12 to 15 minutes per pound or until the meat thermometer registers 140 degrees F.nIn a bowl combine brown sugar, mustard, bread crumbs and ground cloves. About a 12 hour before the ham is done firmly pat the sugar mixture over the top of the ham and continue to roast.nWhen ham is done, transfer to a carving board and allow to rest for 15 minutes. Transfer roasting pan to stove top, heat over moderately high heat and deglaze with the remaining cider. With a wooden spoon scrape up any browned bits from bottom of roasting pan. Add the raisins and nutmeg and simmer for 5 minutes. Whisk in cornstarch mixture, return to a simmer and stir until thickened. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, if necessary. Carve ham and serve., ingredients: [1 12 to 14pound bonein readytoeat smoked ham, allowed to stand at room temperature for 2 hours, 2 cups cider, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons prepared mustard, 1 12 cups fresh bread crumbs, Pinch of ground cloves, 12 cup raisins, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with 1 tablespoon cider, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Glazed Ham with Cider Raisin Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1148: {instructions: Add the peas, lime juice, salt and avocado to a food processor and pulse until just combined, but still chunky. Taste and add more salt if necessary. Place in a bowl and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup frozen peas, defrosted, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 14 teaspoon sea salt, plus more as needed, 1 large ripe avocado, peeled, pitted and diced], title: Pea and Avocado Dip, picturelink: aaLA8lnoHGw6HhxWw7DiXDvyYBxF0y}, 1149: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 13x9inch baking pan with nostick cooking spray. Combine brownie mix, oil, water and 2 eggs in large bowl stir 50 strokes with spoon. Stir in nuts, if desired. Spread into prepared pan. Bake 20 minutes.nBEAT cream cheese until fluffy in large bowl. Gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk. Mix in remaining 2 eggs, lemon juice and vanilla until smooth. Pour evenly over warm brownie.nSTIR jam until smooth. Drop by teaspoonfuls over surface of filling. With a knife, swirl jam gently through filling to create marble effect. Bake additional 35 to 40 minutes or until top is lightly browned. Cool 1 hour. Loosely cover and chill in refrigerator for 2 hours or more. Cut into bars., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 19.5 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Family Size Chocolate Fudge Brownie Mix, 12 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 14 cup water, 4 large eggs, divided, 34 cup chopped walnuts optional, 2 8 oz. pkgs. cream cheese, softened, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 13 cup lemon juice, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Seedless Strawberry Jam], title: Strawberry Cheesecake Brownies, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 1150: {instructions: In shallow baking dish or bowl, combine chicken with garlic and rum and let marinate, covered, in the refrigerator for a few hours or overnight.nIn a mediumsized casserole or heavy pot, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and lemongrass and saute until tender and fragrant, about 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the chicken and saute until cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add coconut milk, curry powder, and sesame oil and heat through. Add hot pepper, if using. Serve with rice and garnish with freshly chopped cilantro., ingredients: [4 chicken breasts, diced into 12inch pieces, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon rum, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon sliced lemongrass, 12 cup coconut milk, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 hot pepper, chopped, optional, Freshly chopped cilantro leaves, for garnish, Cooked rice, serving suggestion], title: Coconut Chicken Curry, picturelink: null}, 1151: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 6cup Bundt pannFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 6cup Bundt pan with nonstick cooking spray.nBeat the butter and sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Pour the coffee over the top and beat until the butter is fully melted. Add the eggs one at a time, then continue to beat until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is very smooth.nReduce the mixer speed to mediumlow and beat in the flour, cocoa powder, salt, sour cream and almond extract until just combined. Pour into the Bundt pan and bake until a cake tester inserted center comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Cool completely in the pan on a baking rack, about 30 minutes, and then invert onto the rack and turn rightside up. Put the rack over a baking sheet.nFor the glaze: Bring the heavy cream to a simmer in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat. Whisk in the chocolate, confectionersu00bf sugar and stout until the chocolate melts. Poke holes in the cooled cake with a toothpick, pour the warm glaze over and let set a few minutes before slicing. The cake will keep for 2 days at room temperature., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 16 tablespoons 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup coffee, warm, 2 large eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup Dutch Process unsweetened cocoa powder, preferably Double Dutch Dark Cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 14 cup confectionersu00bf sugar, 14 cup stout], title: Fudge Cake with Stout Glaze, picturelink: 94vK45JPcGlxBF5VG46BOjFdBn5mdz6}, 1152: {instructions: Preheat oven to 225 degrees. Have egg whites at about 70 degrees. Beat until foamy in an electric mixer or by hand. Add vanilla. While continuing to beat, add sugar one tablespoon at a time. When the mixture stands in stiff peaks on the beater, it is ready for baking. Fill a pastry bag with mixture and pipe onto parchment covered baking sheet, using star tip to create kisses. Bake about 1 hour or longer, depending on the size. Do not remove from the oven at once, but turn off the oven, open the door and leave them for at least 5 minutes. Cool gradually, away from a draft. Remove them from the sheet when cool.nTo prepare chocolate ganache, pour hot, scalded cream over chocolate. Blend until smooth. Cool.nTo fill meringues, crush the bottom lightly with the thumb while still warm. Fill the hollows with chocolate ganache., ingredients: [4 egg whites, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup super fine sugar, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, broken into pieces, 12 cup scalded whipping cream], title: Meringues Plain and Chocolate Filled, picturelink: null}, 1153: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sausage and apples maple agrodolce: Put 1 tablespoon of the canola oil in a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, stirring occasionally, until deeply browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Set aside.nPut the remaining tablespoon of oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and toss to coat with the oil, then add the apples, 2 tablespoons of maple syrup and some salt and pepper and cook, stirring frequently, until the apples and onions are very soft and caramelized, about 10 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon of the apple cider vinegar and remove the skillet from the heat. Stir the sausage, thyme and parsley into the caramelized apples transfer to a bowl and keep warm.nPut the nonstick skillet back over low heat, add the remaining 6 tablespoons maple syrup and 3 tablespoons cider vinegar and swirl a few times to make the agrodolce.nFor the Cheddarblack pepper waffles: Fit a baking sheet with a baking rack, put the baking sheet in the oven and preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nWhisk together the flour, Cheddar, baking powder, sugar, baking soda, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Whisk together the buttermilk, melted butter, hot sauce and eggs in a medium bowl. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and whisk until just combined. Lumps are ok.nPreheat the waffle maker according to the manufacturers instructions. Brush the grates with some melted butter. Ladle about 13 cup of the waffle batter into each grate, close the cover and cook until golden brown and crispy, about 4 minutes. The waffles will be misshapen, not perfectly square, with rounded corners. When they are cooked, transfer them to the baking rack and continue with the rest of the batter.nTo serve, put 2 waffles on each of 4 plates. Top each with some sausage and apples and a drizzle of the warm maple syrup and cider vinegar agrodolce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 pound highquality pork breakfast sausage links, sliced, 1 large sweet onion, such as Vidalia, halved and thinly sliced, 1 large Granny Smith apple, cored, halved and thinly sliced, 1 large Gala apple, cored, halved and thinly sliced, 12 cup pure Grade B maple syrup, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, as needed, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup grated sharp white Cheddar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 13 cup 5 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the waffle iron, Few dashes hot sauce, 2 large eggs], title: CheddarBlack Pepper Waffles with Sausage and Apples Maple Agrodolce, picturelink: KcF0SmNQnTTbNUKbhZJxJqHvblvkU6}, 1154: {instructions: Combine first three ingredients in a shaker with ice and gently swirl or stirnbefore straining into a chilled martini glass.nServing suggestion: Garnish with a cherry and add rocks if you like., ingredients: [2 ounces rye or bourbon, 12ounce sweet vermouth or Cinzano, 2 dashes bitters, Maraschino cherry, for garnish optional], title: The Manhattan, picturelink: null}, 1155: {instructions: Special equipment: 6  6 ounce ramekinsnSpecial equipment: six 6ounce ramekinsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the ramekins and then dust with sugar. Place the ramekins in a 9by13inch baking dish.nPlace the chocolate chips and the butter in the top of a double boiler set over simmering water. Heat until melted, stirring occasionally so that the chocolate chips and butter are well blended and have a smooth, silky texture.nIn a medium bowl, combine the cocoa powder, flour and salt. Mix together with a fork.nUsing a handheld mixer or a whisk, beat the egg whites in a large bowl until stiff peaks form.nIn a medium bowl, beat the egg yolks and sugar with a handheld mixer or a whisk until the mixture turns pale yellow, about 2 minutes. Slowly temper the melted chocolate into the egg yolks and mix until well combined. Mix in the milk. Add the dry ingredients and blend until fully incorporated. With a rubber spatula, fold in the egg whites in three separate additions.nFill the prepared ramekins with batter twothirds of the way up. Pour hot water into the baking dish twothirds of the way up the sides of the ramekins. Cover the baking dish tightly with aluminum foil. Place in the oven and bake until the cakes are set, 15 to 20 minutes.nCarefully remove the ramekins from the baking dish and set aside to cool for about 30 minutes. Unmold the cakes onto individual plates. If the cakes are not releasing from the ramekins, run a small knife or offset metal spatula along the inside of the ramekins. Garnish each cake with a dusting of powdered sugar and a sprinkling of orange zest., ingredients: [1 cup bittersweet chocolate chips, 14 cup butter, plus for buttering ramekins, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 eggs, separated, 14 cup sugar, plus for dusting ramekins, 12 cup milk, room temp, Powdered sugar, for garnish, Grated orange zest, for garnish], title: Steamed Chocolate Pudding Cakes, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 1156: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large 9 by 13 shallow baking dish place 1 lemon slice with 1 orange slice side by side so youll end up with 4 groups. Each salmon fillet will have its own bed of citrus. Season each fillet with salt and pepper then place each salmon fillet over the 2 slices of lemon and orange. In a small bowl mix the dill, sundried tomatoes and tomato oil. Divide mixture on top of the salmon fillet, then drizzle with the wine. Place the baking dish in the oven and cook for 8 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [4 slices fresh lemon, 4 slices fresh orange, 4 6 to 8ounce skinless salmon fillets, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped dill, 2 tablespoons sundried tomatoes in oil, plus 1 tablespoon oil from jar, 23 cup white wine], title: Citrus Baked Salmon, picturelink: 7H.oLrxYi1YOCljrcRmta1kpjbhocA2}, 1157: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMix the eggs with the sugar substitute. Stir in the breakfast syrup and the melted butter. Stir in the pecan halves. Line a 9inch pie pan with the pie dough. Pour in the pecan pie filling mixture. Bake for 25 minutes with edges covered with foil. Remove foil from the edges and bake for another 25 minutes or until you can insert a knife and have it come out clean. Cool and cut into 8 pieces to serve., ingredients: [3 eggs, 5 teaspoons sugar substitute for baking, 1 cup sugar free breakfast syrup, 13 cup butter, melted, 1 cup pecan halves, Pie dough for a single 9inch crust], title: No Sugar Pecan Pie, picturelink: null}, 1158: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dough: in the bowl of a stand mixer with the whisk attachment, whisk the egg yolks, whole egg, sugar, butter and buttermilk. Add approximately 2 cups of the flour along with the yeast and salt whisk until moistened and combined. Remove the whisk attachment and replace with a dough hook. Add all but 34 cup of the remaining flour and knead on low speed for 5 minutes. Check the consistency of the dough and add more flour if necessary the dough should feel soft and moist but not sticky. Knead on low speed 5 minutes more or until the dough clears the sides of the bowl. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface knead by hand about 30 seconds. Lightly oil a large bowl. Transfer the dough to the bowl, lightly oil the top of the dough, cover and let double in volume, 2 to 2 12 hours.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the 8 ounces of unsalted butter, brown sugar, rosemary, and raisins. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the butter is melted and the sugar is dissolved. Pour half of the topping into the bottom of 2 bundt pans and set aside. Cover and store the other half of the topping in the refrigerator until the next morning.nPlace the melted butter and rosemary for the coating in a medium shallow bowl and stir to combine. Once the dough has risen, turn out onto a lightly floured surface. Portion the dough into 1ounce pieces roll each piece into a ball. You should have approximately 36 balls. Roll the balls in the melted butter and rosemary.nDivide the balls evenly between the 2 bundt pans. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator overnight or up to 16 hours.nRemove the bread from the refrigerator and place in an oven that is turned off. Fill a shallow pan 23full of boiling water and set on the rack below the bread. Close the oven and let the bread rise until slightly puffy looking, 20 to 30 minutes. Once the bread has risen, remove it and the shallow pan of water from the oven.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nOnce the oven is ready, place the bread on the middle rack and bake until slightly golden on top, approximately 25 to 30 minutes, or until the internal temperature reaches 190 degrees F on an instantread thermometer.nPlace the remaining topping in a small saucepan and set over medium heat. Reheat until the mixture is pourable, approximately 5 minutes. Fifteen minutes into baking, pour the remaining topping over the bread, and finish cooking. Cool on a wire rack for 5 minutes, then invert onto a platter or cutting board. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large egg yolks, room temperature, 1 large whole egg, room temperature, 2 ounces sugar, approximately 14 cup, 3 ounces unsalted butter, melted, approximately 6 tablespoons, 6 ounces buttermilk, room temperature, 20 ounces allpurpose flour, approximately 4 cups, plus additional for dusting, 1 package instant dry yeast, approximately 2 14 teaspoons, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, Vegetable oil or cooking spray, 8 ounces unsalted butter, approximately 16 tablespoons, 8 ounces light brown sugar, approximately 1 cup packed, 12 teaspoon ground rosemary, 3 ounces raisins, approximately 34 cup, 2 12 ounces unsalted butter, melted, approximately 5 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon ground rosemary], title: Overnight Monkey Bread, picturelink: 98AAX3efRVuED8YUTj6vMPJiA1PlUu}, 1159: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThe night before, lightly sprinkle the steak on both sides with salt. Allow to sit, uncovered, in your fridge overnight.nOne hour prior to cooking, remove the steak from the fridge and allow to come to room temperature. Preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nSprinkle the steak on both sides with salt and pepper. It is important to use more seasoning than needed, as the steak is very thick and much of the seasoning will fall off during the cooking process.nGrill the steak on one flat side, 5 to 8 minutes. Stand the steak up on one short side and grill for 1 to 2 minutes. Turn over and grill on the other flat side, 5 to 8 minutes. Stand it up on the opposite short side and grill for 1 to 2 minutes. Move the steak to the cooler part of the grill and cook until the internal temperature reaches 125 degrees F for medium rare. Transfer to a plate and allow to rest until the internal temperature registers 130 degrees F, about 20 minutes.nMeasure out 1 tablespoon of the steak juices that have settled onto the plate and put in a medium mixing bowl. Whisk in the mustard, shallots and vinegar. Toss the watercress in the dressing, along with the tarragon leaves and radish slices.nPlace the salad on a plate with the steak. Drizzle the steak with the olive oil and aged balsamic vinegar. Finish with the sea salt., ingredients: [One 32ounce cowboycut rib eye, centercut, dryaged and 2 12 inches thick, Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon finely minced shallots, 12 teaspoon sherry vinegar, 3 cups watercress, 10 fresh tarragon leaves, 1 red radish, thinly sliced, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Highquality aged balsamic vinegar, for drizzling, Flaky sea salt, such as Maldon, for finishing], title: Grilled Cowboy Rib Eye with Watercress Salad, picturelink: Ri9fVa7UobXQbLGXTZIrFA7uGNUEmi}, 1160: {instructions: Fry sausage in medium frying pan until well brown. Add eggs. Sprinkle with grated cheese. Sandwich between tortillas., ingredients: [3 ounces sausage, 4 eggs, 3 ounces cheddar, 2 16inch tortillas], title: Breakfast Quesadilla, picturelink: null}, 1161: {instructions: For the canadian bacon: Whisk the maple syrup and mustard in a small bowl. Set aside. Heat the canola oil in a large castiron pan over high heat. Add the Canadian bacon and cook until browned on the bottom, about 3 minutes. Flip and brush generously with the maple syrup mixture. Cook for another 2 minutes, and then transfer to a platter.nFor the cheddar and herb scramble: Heat the canola oil over high heat in another castiron skillet. Add the cherry tomatoes cutside down and cook until seared, 1 to 2 minutes. Season them with salt and pepper, and transfer to a plate.nWhisk together the eggs, Cheddar, chives, parsley and tarragon in a large bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat the butter in a large nonstick pan over mediumlow heat until it begins to sizzle. Add the egg mixture and slowly cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until soft curds form. Remove from the heat and set aside.nFor the popovers: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Generously brush a 6slot aluminum popover pan with softened butter. Place the pan in the oven to heat 5 minutes before you are ready to add the batter.nWhisk together the melted butter, flour, milk, salt, pepper and eggs until smooth. The batter should be thin. Fill the popover pans less than halfway full and bake for exactly 30 minutes. Do not open the oven door while popovers are baking. Make the popovers last because they need to be eaten almost immediately once removed from the oven.nFor assembly: Open the popovers and fill each half with a slice of the bacon. Top each with the eggs, and a cherry tomato half. Serve the remaining tomatoes on the side., ingredients: [MapleMustard Glazed Canadian Bacon:, 14 cup grade B pure maple syrup, 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 6 slices thickcut Canadian bacon, Vermont Cheddar and Herb Scramble:, 12 cherry tomatoes, halved, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 large eggs, 3 ounces grated aged white Vermont Cheddar, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, Popovers:, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for greasing pans, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, at room temperature], title: Black Pepper Popovers filled with Vermont Cheddar and Herb Scrambled Eggs and MapleMustard Glazed Canadian Bacon, picturelink: usKhfidByi1EKt5b.2ekxGz6Jbtufe}, 1162: {instructions: Preheat a grill for cooking over mediumhigh heat.nPlace the corned beef slices on the grill and cook, flipping halfway through, 4 to 5 minutes. The slices will contract like bacon and become dry and crisp. Let cool slightly and tear into bitesized pieces. Leave the grill on. Reserve.nBrush the cabbage wedges generously on all 3 sides with olive oil, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill, covered, crosshatching each side, 8 to 10 minutes per side see Cooks Note. The wedges should have a cooked exterior and a crunchy interior, with dark grill marks and charred edges.nMeanwhile, mix together the buttermilk, mayonnaise, horseradish, mustard, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Reserve.nGently toss together the parsley, cider vinegar, carrot, scallion, a drizzle of olive oil and salt and pepper to taste in a medium bowl. Adjust with more vinegar, oil, salt or pepper as needed.nCut off the core from the cabbages and place the wedges on a platter. Drizzle with about half the buttermilk dressing serve the rest on the side. Scatter the corned beef cracklings and carrotparsley salad on top., ingredients: [4 very thin slices corned beef from the supermarket deli, 12 head green cabbage from a 3pound cabbage, cut into 3 wedges, cores intact, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup buttermilk, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon horseradish, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 12 cup parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon cider vinegar, or more to taste, 1 medium carrot, shredded 12 cup, 1 scallion, sliced], title: Grilled Cabbage and Corned Beef Wedge Salad, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 1163: {instructions: Put the confectioners sugar in a large heatproof bowl make a deep well in the middle. Add the mashed potatoes, butter, vanilla and salt to the well. Place the bowl over a saucepan of barely simmering water. Starting in the center of the well, stir the ingredients, gradually incorporating the sugar, until the sugar dissolves and the mixture forms a smooth paste, about 5 minutes. Remove the bowl from the heat and stir in the coconut. Transfer to the freezer and chill until firm, about 20 minutes. Roll tablespoonfuls of the potato mixture into balls, then flatten each ball into a small square using your fingers you should have about 40 squares. Put the squares on a large plate or baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, about 20 minutes.nLine a baking sheet with foil, shinyside up. Put the chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl and microwave in 30second intervals, stirring, until the chocolate melts. Add the shortening and stir vigorously until glossy, about 2 minutes. Transfer half of the chocolate to a glass liquid measuring cup. One at a time, place each candy square on a fork and dip in the melted chocolate to coat let the excess drip back into the cup. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining squares, refilling the cup with melted chocolate as needed. Let the candies harden at room temperature, about 1 hour. Photograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 1pound box confectioners sugar about 4 cups, 12 cup smooth, plain mashed potatoes, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 14ounce bag sweetened shredded coconut, 2 pounds goodquality semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 3 tablespoons vegetable shortening], title: Needhams, picturelink: 8Vu2T2Yejn9fvgZI3dA0jUrm7im7Q1e}, 1164: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. and grease an 8inch square baking pan.nIn a bowl whisk together cornmeal, flour, baking powder, and salt. In a small bowl whisk together milk, egg, and butter and add to cornmeal mixture, stirring only until just combined.nPour batter into pan and bake in middle of oven 20 to 25 minutes, or until pale golden and a tester comes out clean. Cool corn bread in pan on a rack 5 minutes. Invert corn bread onto rack and cool completely.nCrumble corn bread coarsely into a large shallow baking pan. Let corn bread stand at room temperature until stale, at least 3 hours or overnight.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nToast corn bread in middle of oven, stirring occasionally, until dried and golden, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup milk, 1 large egg, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled], title: Corn Bread for Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 1165: {instructions: Heat the oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat until it begins to get hot. Add the garlic, garam masala, cumin seeds, and turmeric and cook for 20 seconds. Add the tomatoes and cook for 2 minutes. Add the lentils and water and bring to a boil. Turn the heat to low and cook until the lentils are tender, about 30 minutes. Serve in a bowl and garnish with fresh cilantro sprigs.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCombine the coriander seeds, cumin seeds, curry leaves, black peppercorns, mustard seeds, cloves, cardamom pods, cinnamon sticks, bay leaves, and chiles on a baking sheet and toast in the oven for 15 minutes.nTransfer the mixture to an electric spice grinder, or use a mortar and pestle and grind by hand. Grind to a fine powder. Store the garam masala in an airtight container for up to 3 months., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grape seed oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh garlic, 2 tablespoons garam masala, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 cup chopped tomatoes, 1 cup brown lentils, 5 cups water, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, Few fresh cilantro sprigs, for garnish, 12 cup coriander seeds, 12 cup cumin seeds, 14 cup dried curry leaves See Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons brown mustard seeds, 5 whole cloves, 2 black cardamom pods, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 bay leaves, 2 dried red chiles], title: Dal Soup, picturelink: null}, 1166: {instructions: Slice bread into 1inch thick slices. Stack several slices and cut slices into 1inch bars, then cut bars crosswise into 1inch cubes. Repeat with remaining slices. Heat olive oil in large skillet over medium low heat. Add bread cubes and stir around well. Let cook over mediumlow heat, stirring frequently, until golden, about 5 to 10 minutes. Let cool slightly and add to salad while tossing., ingredients: [], title: Crusty Croutons, picturelink: null}, 1167: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large Dutch oven or stock pot, bring to a simmer the chicken stock, chicken breasts, chicken wings, scallions, garlic, cinnamon sticks, star anise and ginger. Simmer for about 20 minutes. Once the chicken breasts are cooked, remove them, set aside and shred when cooled. Continue to simmer all the other ingredients for 30 minutes. Then strain the broth through a colander to remove the solids and spices.nAdd the mushrooms, fish sauce and noodles to the strained stock. Simmer until noodles are still al dente, 4 to 5 minutes. Scoop some of the noodles into individual bowls. Top with some of the shredded chicken. Ladle lots of broth into each bowl. Garnish with the bean sprouts, jalapenos and fresh mint, and serve with fish sauce, hoisin sauce, Sriracha and lime wedges. Oh my., ingredients: [1 gallon lowsodium chicken stock, 3 bonein, skinon chicken breasts, 4 chicken wings, 5 scallions, cut in half, 4 cloves garlic, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 whole star anise, 1 inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and cut into coins, 14 cup dry shiitake mushrooms, rehydrated in warm water for 30 minutes and thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 3 packages ramen noodles just the noodles, Garnishes:, 1 cup fresh bean sprouts, 1 jalapeno, thinly sliced, Couple sprigs each fresh mint and Thai basil, Fish sauce, Hoisin sauce, Sriracha, Lime wedges], title: Vietnamese Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: 2iukuEhhS98ostJsM8typX7EChMVXrm}, 1168: {instructions: Evenly divide the raspberry liqueur among 8 Champagne flutes. Add a raspberry to each and muddle with the end of a wooden spoon. Evenly top with the peach nectar and fill the glasses with Champagne. Garnish each with a raspberry.nCopyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [3 tablespoons raspberryflavored liqueur, such as Chambord, 8 raspberries, plus more for garnish, 2 cups chilled peach nectar, 1 bottle chilled Champagne, Prosecco or other sparkling white wine], title: Raspberry Peach Mimosas, picturelink: L8KVOK7.4Ubvj2TO3LJvPIhCmWdp4Um}, 1169: {}, 1170: {instructions: Fill a 4quart pot halfway with water and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Bring water to a boil. Meanwhile, chop all greens into medium pieces. Place greens into boiling water, remove pot from heat, and let sit 2 to 3 minutes. Drain and let cool. Heat oil in a large saute pan and cook garlic gently until it begins to turn light brown, being careful not to burn. Add blanched greens, vinegar, sugar 2 teaspoons salt and 2 teaspoons pepper.nFill a 4quart pot halfway with water and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Bring water to a boil. Meanwhile, chop all greens into medium pieces. Place greens into boiling water, remove pot from heat, and let sit 2 to 3 minutes. Drain and let cool. Heat oil in a large saute pan and cook garlic gently until it begins to turn light brown, being careful not to burn. Add blanched greens, vinegar, sugar 2 teaspoons salt and 2 teaspoons pepper., ingredients: [Salt and freshly ground black pepper, plus 2 teaspoons salt and 2 teaspoons pepper, 1 large bunch collard greens, soaked in cold water, rinsed, and drained, 12 cup olive oil, 4 tablespoons chopped garlic, 14 cup vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, plus 2 teaspoons salt and 2 teaspoons pepper, 1 large bunch collard greens, soaked in cold water, rinsed, and drained, 12 cup olive oil, 4 tablespoons chopped garlic, 14 cup vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar], title: Collard and Mustard Greens, picturelink: yJiXcFWc06ydNIy5w4bIMnBCutjESm}, 1171: {instructions: Special equipment: a candy thermometernFor the moon pie cookies: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease 2 large baking sheets.nMelt the butter with the marjoram in a large saucepan on low heat. Remove from the heat and stir in the sugar and salt. Add the egg whites one at a time and stir until well blended after each addition. Stir in the flour.nDrop the batter by rounded teaspoonfuls 2 inches apart onto the prepared baking sheets. Bake, one baking sheet at a time, until the edges of the cookies are browned the centers should remain pale, 8 to 10 minutes. Immediately remove the cookies to wire racks to cool completely.nFor the marshmallow filling: In a small bowl, soak the gelatin in 2 cups of cool water to soften.nIn a small saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer, mix together the sugar, corn syrup and honey. Note that you will use this saucepan twice, to make the syrup and melt the gelatin, eliminating the need to wash it between uses. Place the saucepan over mediumhigh heat.nMeanwhile, in the bowl of an electric mixer, pour in the egg whites and beat on low speed until frothy. Add the pinch of salt. When the sugar syrup reaches about 210 degrees F, increase the speed of the mixer to high and beat the whites until they are thick and fluffy.nWhen the syrup reaches 245 degrees F, while the mixer is running on high speed, slowly pour the hot syrup into the whites, pouring so that the syrup does not fall on the whisk or some of the syrup will splatter and stick to the sides of the bowl. Continue mixing.nScrape the gelatin and 13 cup of the soaking water into the pan that you used for the syrup. There should still be enough residual heat left in the pan from making the syrup to dissolve the gelatin.nPour the liquefied gelatin slowly into the whites as they are whipping. Add the vanilla paste and continue to whip until the mixture feels completely cool when you touch the outside of the bowl, about 5 minutes.nImmediately pipe the marshmallow into the cookies and sandwich., ingredients: [1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 2 teaspoons marjoram, 12 cup granulated sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 large egg whites, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 sheets gelatin, 1 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup light corn syrup, 14 cup goodquality honey, 4 large egg whites about 12 cup, at room temperature, Pinch of salt, 1 tablespoon vanilla bean paste], title: Moon Pie, picturelink: null}, 1172: {instructions: Preheat a grill very hot. In a skillet coat lightly with oil and on high heat, saute the pepper and lapchong until soft, about 4 minutes. Fold in rice and add the scallions, cilantro and oyster sauce. Season and check. Stuff the squid tubes using a pastry bag or plastic bag with the tip cut off. Oil the grill and season the tubes with salt and chile. Mark the tubes, and roll them around so that all sides cook evenly, about 5 minutes total. Be careful not to overcook the squid as it will get tough. Let rest 1 minute then slice into one inch pieces, like sushi.nSaute garlic, chiles, black beans and ginger until soft. Deglaze with vinegar and reduce by 80. Let cool completely. In a food processor, add mixture with yolks. While processor is on, drizzle in oil, slowly at first until it emulsifies, then more quickly. Check for seasoning. Store in refrigerator.nPLATING Fill a small dish with the aioli and arrange the sushi around the dish., ingredients: [1 red bell pepper fine diced, 2 each lapchong, fine diced may substitute with sausage, 2 cups cooked sushi rice, 14 cup chopped scallions, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 12 each medium sized squid tubes, Salt, to taste, 1 tablespoon chile powder Korean or ancho, Canola oil to cook, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 each serrano chiles, minced, 1 tablespoon rinsed, minced fermented black beans, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 egg yolks, 1 cup canola oil, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Grilled Stuffed Calamari Sushi with Black Bean Aioli, picturelink: null}, 1173: {instructions: Make the Falafel: Soak the chickpeas in cold water in the refrigerator overnight.nDrain the chickpeas and place them with the onion in the bowl of a food processor. Add the rest of the ingredients, except the oil. Mix well. Process the mixture a second time. Form the mixture into walnutsized balls and deepfry or panfry in hot oil.nMake the Sandwiches: Stuff the pitas with lettuce and nestle the falafel patties inside. Top with the rest of the ingredients and drizzle with the tahini sauce. Serve immediately.nMash the garlic and salt together. Add the tahini, mixing well. The sauce will thicken. Gradually add the water, blending thoroughly. Then add the lemon juice. Blend well.nNote: This can be a thin or thick sauce, depending upon the use and preference. Simply adjust with lemon juice and water. This can be used with vegetables or in combination with other recipes., ingredients: [1 pound dried chickpeas, 1 small onion, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon red chile flakes, optional, Salt and pepper, as needed, 12 cup vegetable oil, 6 to 8 pitas, tops sliced open and lightly toasted, Shredded lettuce, as needed, Tomato wedges, as needed, Sliced red onion, as needed, Sliced cucumbers, as needed, Tahini Sauce, recipe follows, 1 clove garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup tahini, 12 cup water, 12 cup lemon juice], title: Falafel: Chickpea Patties, picturelink: null}, 1174: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, mash the bananas very well with a potato masher or a sturdy whisk until almost lump free. You should have about 1 cup mashed. Whisk in remaining ingredients until fully incorporated.nPour mixture evenly into paper cups, and freeze 1 hour so the pop is firm but not frozen through. Remove from freezer and insert a wooden stick in the center of each pop. Return pops to freezer and freeze until solid, about 2 to 3 hours. To serve, peel paper cups away and eat immediately., ingredients: [2 medium bananas, very ripe, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 cups whole milk, 13 cup superfine sugar, Special equipment: 5ounce paper cups, Wooden ice cream sticks], title: Creamy Banana Pops, picturelink: 9e6sQKdINkrtKuPIoMhZT04Rt0Ylq}, 1175: {instructions: Rinse 2 or 3 anchovy fillets, then puree in a blender with a handful each of chopped chives and parsley and the juice of 1 lemon. Add 12 cup mayonnaise and 12 cup sour cream and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, then drizzle over Bibb lettuce.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Creamy Bibb Salad, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 1176: {instructions: In a small bowl whisk together seasoning salt, red pepper flakes, black pepper, cayenne pepper, poultry seasoning, and lemon pepper. Reserve 2 tablespoons in a separate bowl.nRinse chicken wings in cold water and place into a shallow baking dish. Sprinkle the wings evenly with the seasoning, and let them marinate, covered and chilled, for 1 hour.nWhisk eggs, hot sauce, red pepper flakes, black pepper, and cayenne pepper into a medium size mixing bowl. Reserve. Put the flour into a shallow dish or pie plate.nIn a large deepfryer or large Dutch oven heat oil to 350 degrees F on a deepfat thermometer.nDredge chicken wings into the egg mixture then into the flour. Place wings 3 at a time into the hot oil and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, turning occasionally, until cooked through and golden brown. Remove to a paper towel lined sheet tray. Make sure oil returns to temperature before adding the next batch. Sprinkle the wings with the reserved seasoning for extrahot wings.nServe with dipping sauce.nMix all the ingredients together in a small bowl., ingredients: [1 tablespoon seasoning salt, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 1 teaspoon lemon pepper seasoning, 6 whole chicken wings, cut in 12 at the joint, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Vegetable oil, to fry, Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 14 tablespoon chili sauce, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pats Spicy Fried Wings, picturelink: null}, 1177: {instructions: Prepare the crust.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough with a floured rolling pin into a 12inch square. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate while you make the filling.nCook the chicken.nCombine the chicken broth, peppercorns, thyme sprigs, bay leaves and quartered onion in a large pot over high heat. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer 30 minutes.nAdd the chicken to the pot. Increase the heat and return to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until the chicken is just cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes. Using tongs, transfer the chicken to a plate to cool. Strain the stock through a finemesh sieve. Youu00bfll need 212 cups for the filling reserve the rest for another use. When the chicken is cool to the touch, cut it into bitesize chunks and set aside.nMake the filling.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the pearl onions and carrots and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes.nAdd the mushrooms and peas and cook until softened, another 5 minutes. Stir in 5 tablespoons flour and cook, stirring, 1 more minute. Add 2 12 cups chicken stock and the milk, stirring constantly. Cook until thickened, about 5 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat. Add the chicken and chopped thyme season with salt and pepper.nForm the pot pies.nSet out four 2cup ovenproof bowls or ramekins. Transfer the pastry to a floured surface. Using a paring knife, cut out 4 rounds of dough that are slightly larger than the mouth of the bowls.nPlace the bowls on a baking sheet and spoon in the filling. Place 1 dough round on each pot pie, pressing the pastry against the side of the bowl to seal. Brush the dough with the beaten egg using a pastry brush. Cut a slit or hole in the center of the dough to vent. Bake until the pastry is puffed and dark golden brown, about 35 minutes.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 sheet puff pastry preferably Dufour, thawed as the label directs, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 3 sprigs thyme, plus 1 tablespoon chopped leaves, 2 bay leaves, 1 large onion, quartered, 4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup frozen pearl onions, thawed, 2 medium carrots, peeled and diced, 1 cup sliced white mushrooms, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 1 cup milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, NOTE: Youu00bfll also need 4 ovenproof bowls or ramekins, about 2 cups each.], title: Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: rjld5np0HMRe3rZvuYTCiZ8gbI7bC}, 1178: {instructions: Strain the plum tomatoes in a colander to extract the juice, breaking the tomatoes apart with your hands. Discard the pulp and set aside.nHeat the olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add 4 cloves garlic, the onion, red pepper and black pepper. Saute until the onion is soft and beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Add juiced tomatoes, red wine, Parmesan and salt. Add the tomato paste and the water and stir together over medium heat. Cooks Note: Tomato paste should be added after making meatballs and ribs.nPut the ground meat in a mixing bowl. Beat the eggs and add them to the meat along with 6 cloves garlic, the bread crumbs, salt, pepper, Parmesan and milk. Mix this all together with your hands. Wet your hands with water and continue to wet them as you pinch meat from the bowl and roll into 2inch balls. Roll the balls in the flour.nHeat 12cup of oil in a large skillet. Add 3 cloves chopped garlic and saute until golden brown. Remove the garlic with a slotted spoon and set aside. Add the meatballs and saute over mediumhigh heat, turning them until they are brown all over.nCooks Note: As soon as you can pick them up with a fork, they are ready. You dont want them to be well done. If the meatball slides off the fork when you pick it up, it needs to cook a little longer.nCut the ribs apart and remove the membrane. Saute them in 12cup oil until very brown and remove.nReturn the garlic to the oil and add tomato paste for the sauce to the pan Cook, stirring, over medium heat for about 3 minutes until it softens. Remove from the heat and add to the sauce.nAdd the meatballs and spareribs to the sauce. Bring to an easy boil, then simmer over low heat for 2 hours. Add the basil and simmer for 15 minutes more. The spareribs should be very tender, falling off the bone and the meatballs should float in the sauce, ingredients: [2 35ounce cans plum tomatoes with basil, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup red wine, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup water, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, cut into thin strips, 1 pound ground sirloin or lean ground beef, pork, turkey, veal, chicken, or any combination, 2 eggs, 6 garlic cloves, finely chopped, plus 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 cup seasoned bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 12 cup milk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 pound pork spare ribs, trimmed, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, for sauce and ribs], title: Sunday Sauce with Meatballs, picturelink: o143oCtePqbwtYSSCy3QoTDkJt9fiq}, 1179: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats.nMelt the butter in a small, heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat. Continue to cook, swirling the pan occasionally, until the butter browns lightly and smells slightly nutty, about 15 minutes. Transfer the butter to a medium bowl  be sure to get all the tasty brown bits  and cool slightly.nMeanwhile, whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in another medium bowl.nWhisk the egg yolk, sugar and vanilla into the cooled browned butter.nStir the dry ingredients into the butter mixture to make a uniform but crumbly dough that looks like wet sand.nScoop out dough with a small teaspoon the kind you set the table with, not the ones you measure with. Rock spoon gently back and forth against the side of the bowl, packing the dough into the spoon, then scrapeslide the spoon against the inside of the bowl to make spoonshaped cookies. Trim excess dough with your fingers and slide out onto the prepared pans, preserving their shape. Try to make sure you form an even number of cookies, since these sandwich together.nBake cookies until just browned, about 12 to 15 minutes. Cool almost completely on the baking sheets, and then transfer cookies to a rack to cool.nWhen cool, spread 12 teaspoon jam on the flat side of a cookie, and then sandwich together with a second cookie. Repeat until all cookies have met their match. Lightly dust the cookies with the confectioners sugar. Serve.nBusy bakers tips: The dough can be prepared several hours ahead and stored at room temperature. Freeze baked cookie halves wrapped tightly in plastic wrap, followed by aluminum foil for up to 2 weeks. When ready to serve, defrost at room temperature and assemble as desired. Store sandwiches in an airtight container for up to 3 days. Do not store with crisp cookies, as moisture from the jam will soften the texture of other crisp cookies.nCopyright c 2007 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved, ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch fine salt, 1 large egg yolk, 34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 14 to 13 cup jam, such as a berry, plum or cloudberry, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Spoon Cookies: Lusikkaleivat Finland, picturelink: gw96FoaO6J8WcDD1LcsUELwb4Uo02a2}, 1180: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBake the red velvet cake mix according to package directions and allow to cool.nUsing a serrated knife cut the red velvet cake into 1inch square pieces and line the bottom of the trifle bowl with half of the cake squares.nUsing a spatula, spread about a 2inch layer of whipped topping on top of the cake squares.nLayer about 1 12 pints of the blueberries on top of whipped topping.nLayer the remaining cake pieces on top of the blueberries forming a second layer of cake.nUsing a spatula, spread remaining whipped topping over the cakes pieces.nDecorate the perimeter with the strawberries placing the strawberries cut side down. Sprinkle the remaining blueberries on top of the trifle inside the strawberry perimeter., ingredients: [1 box red velvet cake mix, about 18 ounces if you cant find red velvet cake use 1 box chocolate cake plus a bottle of red food coloring, 1 16ounce tub whipped topping, 2 pints blueberries, 1 pint strawberries, tops removed], title: Red, White, and Blue Trifle, picturelink: L5UfQbsXubEJGT02UROjB9cm1QQ4cu}, 1181: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Season the chicken all over with salt and pepper and place in a roasting pan. Roast for 45 minutes, or until the juices run clear when the thigh is pricked with a skewer. Transfer the chicken to a cutting board and let stand for 15 minutes., ingredients: [3 12 pound chicken, rinsed and patted dry, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Classic Blasted Chicken, picturelink: null}, 1182: {instructions: Peel the potatoes and cut in half. In a medium saucepan of salted boiling water, cook the potatoes until forktender, about 40 minutes. Drain the potatoes well and return them to the saucepan. Cook over low heat for 1 minute, tossing, to evaporate remaining moisture. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a saucepan. Add the cream and heat until just warm. Using a potato ricer, mash the potatoes and garlic in the saucepan until they are broken up. Stir in cream and butter mixture. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 pounds russet or allpurpose potatoes, 14 cup butter, 2 small garlic cloves, minced, 14 cup cream, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper], title: Garlic Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 1183: {instructions: Peel banana and slice on a mandoline or by hand into very thin slices, lengthwise. Fold ends of banana together to make a circle. Pinch and put in deep fat fryer until golden brown. Remove and drain on paper towels. Set aside. Saute raisins, raspberries and strawberries. Add brandy and reduce. Finish with heavy cream.nHeat saute pan, add apples, brown sugar. Deglaze with apple liqueur. Cook until still firm. Add whole butter, cinnamon, and nutmeg.nPut crispy banana ring in the center of each dish. Fill with apples. Put a scoop of rum ice cream on top. Lace fruit compote around. Combine 2 tablespoons sugar with 2 tablespoons of water. Heat until syrupy. Puree with 6 fresh mint leaves. Garnish with mint coulis and raspberry powder., ingredients: [1 green plantain, 14 cup raisins, 14 cup raspberries, 14 cup strawberries, 2 tablespoons brandy, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 Granny Smith apples, sliced, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons apple flavored liqueur, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 pinch each nutmeg and cinnamon, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 6 mint leaves, Pinch raspberry powder optional], title: Granny Smith Apples with Crispy Banana and Rum Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 1184: {instructions: Juice the grapefruits and divide the juice among 4 glasses. Add 1 12 ounces of vodka to each glass. Add desired amount of simple syrup to sweeten the drink. Stir well.nDip the grapefruit slices in sugar, to coat. Place 1 sugar dipped grapefruit slice on the rim of each glass.nCombine the water and sugar in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring the water just to a boil and boil until the sugar dissolves, but the mixture does not get any color. Remove from the heat and let cool. Store in the refrigerator for up to 1 month., ingredients: [3 ruby red grapefruit, plus 4 grapefruit slices, 6 ounces vodka, Simple syrup, recipe follows, Sugar, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar], title: Hemingway Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 1185: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker, add the strawberries, basil, and limes. Muddle or crush them together. Add the bourbon and muddle it around a little more. Add the ice and shake well. Strain the mixture equally into 4 rocks glasses filled with ice. Top each glass with some ginger ale and enjoynIn a cocktail shaker, add the strawberries, basil, and limes. Muddle or crush them together. Add the bourbon and muddle it around a little more. Add the ice and shake well. Strain the mixture equally into 4 rocks glasses filled with ice. Top each glass with some ginger ale and enjoy, ingredients: [6 fresh strawberries, hulled, 5 fresh basil leaves, 2 limes, sliced, 1 12 cups good quality bourbon, Ginger ale, 6 fresh strawberries, hulled, 5 fresh basil leaves, 2 limes, sliced, 1 12 cups good quality bourbon, Ginger ale], title: The Chairman Cocktail, picturelink: vWISENdaf4eKobI2CHRWfXynHUGMm5K}, 1186: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large Dutch oven. Season the beef with salt and pepper, and cook until golden brown on all sides, about 15 minutes. Add onions, celery, carrot, garlic, white wine vinegar, white wine water, cloves, peppercorns, bay leaves, parsley, thyme and salt and pepper, to taste. Cover, and simmer 1 12 hours, turn meat, recover, and simmer 1 to 1 12 hours longer until tender. Transfer to a large platter and keep warm. Strain cooking liquid into a bowl, remove 12 cup to be used for the braised cabbage and set aside. Heat butter in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat, whisk in flour and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Whisk in cooking liquid, reduce heat to low, and cook, stirring, until thickened and season with salt and pepper to taste. Mix in gingersnaps and honey, to taste. Carve meat at the table not too thin or slices will crumble and serve with plenty of gravy. Or carve in the kitchen, arrange slices slightly overlapping on a platter, and pour some of the gravy down the center pass the rest. Serve with braised cabbage and buttered noodles.nHeat butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add onion and cook until soft. Add the cabbage, cooking liquid and wine and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and cook until the cabbage is wilted, about 15 to 20 minutes.nCook the noodles in a large pot of boiling salted water until al dente. Drain well, return to the pan, toss with the butter and parsley, and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 4 to 5 pound boned and rolled beef rump roast, 2 mediumsize yellow onions, peeled and coarsely chopped, 2 stalk celery, coarsely chopped, 1 large carrot, peeled and sliced thin, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup white wine, 4 cups cold water, 6 whole cloves, 8 black peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 8 sprigs parsley, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 12 gingersnaps, finely crushed, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large yellow onion, peeled, halved and thinly sliced, 3 pounds red cabbage, cored and shredded, 12 cup reserved cooking liquid from sauerbraten, 12 cup white wine, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds egg noodles, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Nanny Flays Sauerbraten with Braised Cabbage and Noodles, picturelink: null}, 1187: {instructions: Preheat oven to 275 degrees F.nSeason lamb osso bucco liberally with salt and pepper and set aside on a plate. In a heavybottomed roasting pan over mediumhigh heat, heat olive oil on stove top. Carefully place the osso bucco in the hot roasting pan and sear all sides, until nicely browned. Once seared on all sides, remove from pan and set back onto plate. Using the same pot with the lamb drippings in the bottom, add carrots, celery, onions, and garlic. Saute for approximately 10 minutes using a wooden spoon to scrape the lamb drippings off the bottom of the pan and to caramelize the vegetables. Once caramelized, add tomato paste, coat the vegetables with the paste, and brown slightly, about 5 minutes. Add the red wine to deglaze the pan, scraping the drippings off the bottom of pan using a wooden spoon. Reduce the wine by half and add the Lamb Stock and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Place the seared osso bucco back into the pan. Change to high heat and once the stock starts to boil, put roasting pan into the oven. Cook the osso bucco for about 2 hours until it is fork tender, almost falling off the bone. You will want to turn the osso bucco every half hour so that it cooks evenly and does not burn on the bottom.nWhen finished, take the lamb out of the sauce and set aside. In a blender, blend the sauce until the vegetables are pureed. Place about a 14 cup of sauce into the bottom of each serving bowl, top with osso bucco and drizzle with a little more sauce. It is best served with roasted carrots, onions, and potatoes.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large roasting pan, roast lamb bones in the oven until dark brown. On a sheet tray, roast carrots, celery, and onion in the oven until browned as well. Place the bones and vegetables in a 4gallon stock pot. Add 2 gallons cold water, salt and pepper, and bay leaves, if desired. Bring to a boil over high heat and then turn down to a simmer over mediumlow heat. Simmer for 4 to 5 hours to get the best results.nIf using lamb base, roast vegetables as explained above. In a 4gallon stock pot, add 2 gallons water and whisk in lamb base. Add the roasted vegetables and bring to a boil. Turn down the heat to mediumlow and simmer for approximately 1 hour., ingredients: [4 precut lamb osso bucco from local butcher, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large carrots, peeled and chopped into12inch squares, 2 ribs celery, roughly chopped into 12inch pieces, 2 medium yellow onions, roughly chopped into 12inch pieces, 3 garlic gloves, crushed, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 cup red wine, 1 gallon Lamb Stock, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 2 pounds lamb bones or 1 cup lamb base, 1 large carrot, roughly chopped into large pieces, 1 rib celery, roughly chopped into large pieces, 1 large onion, roughly chopped into large pieces, 2 gallons cold water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 bay leaves, optional], title: Lamb Osso Bucco with Rustic Lamb Demiglace, picturelink: null}, 1188: {instructions: Preheat oven: 400 degrees F.nSeason the veal with salt and pepper. Preheat olive oil in saute pan and sear veal. Finish in oven for approximately 12 minutes until medium rare.nRemove from oven and let veal rest on a platter for 4 minutes. Add shallots to pan and sweat. Deglaze pan with Madeira wine. Add the demiglace, salt, and pepper. Shave fresh truffles into sauce. Swirl butter into the sauce to finish.nPreheat saute pan to sear foie gras. Season foie gras with salt and pepper. Sear both sides. Plate the veal, 1 piece on each of 4 plates. Pour the sauce over the veal and finish the dish with seared foie gras and slice truffles over dish., ingredients: [4 4 ounce veal medallions, Salt, Pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 ounces shallots, Madeira wine, 12 ounces veal demiglace, substitute 6 ounces beef stock with 6 ounces chicken stock, 1 ounce truffles or truffle oil, substitute mushrooms for truffles or truffle oil, 2 tablespoons cold butter, 4 1ounce slices foie gras or chicken liver, Fresh chopped parsley], title: Hyeholdes Veal Rossini, picturelink: null}, 1189: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 1190: {instructions: To make the lamb: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason the lamb on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat a large Dutch oven over high heat, add the lamb, and sear on all sides until golden brown. Transfer the pan to the oven and roast for about 12 minutes for mediumrare. Allow to rest before carving into individual chops.nTo make the vinegar: In a small saucepan, combine the vinegar, mint, and sugar and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and allow to cool to room temperature. Pour the vinegar mixture over the vegetables in a small bowl.nTo make the celery root puree: In a small saucepan, cover the celery root with water and boil until tender. Strain the celery root, transfer to a food processor with the butter, salt and freshly ground black pepper, and puree until smooth. Keep warm.nTo make the sauce: In a medium skillet, saute the shallots and garlic in 1 tablespoon butter until soft. Add the brandy and cook until reduced by about half. Add the hoisin and veal stock and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until reduced to a thick sauce. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and whisk to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo serve: Place a portion of the celery root puree in the middle of 4 plates. Strain the pickled vegetables and scatter around the puree. Arrange 2 lamb chops per plate on top of the puree and drizzle with the sauce., ingredients: [1 rack of lamb, cleaned and trimmed, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 34 cup sugar, 1 cup assorted vegetables, such as carrots and cauliflower, 1 pound peeled and diced celery root, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped shallot, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons butter, 14 cup brandy, 18 cup hoisin sauce, 14 cup veal stock], title: Summerfield Farms Rack of Lamb with Mint Infused Pickled Vegetables, Celery Root Puree, and Hoisin Brandy Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1191: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine all ingredients, except the marmalade and red pepper flakes, in a large bowl and mix until just combined. Moisten hands, gently form mixture into 1inch meatballs you should have about 25 and place on a baking sheet. Meatballs can be made up through this step to 24 hours ahead and stored covered in the refrigerator let come to room temperature 10 minutes before roasting.nBake until meatballs are warmed through and almost cooked, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, stir together marmalade and red pepper flakes, and season with salt, as desired.nRemove meatballs from oven, toss with marmalade, return to oven and bake until the meatballs are completely cooked and the sauce is warmed through, about 5 more minutes. Skewer meatballs with toothpicks and serve., ingredients: [1 pound ground pork or beef, 12 cup dry breadcrumbs, 14 cup minced red onion, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon mustard, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon Worchestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup orange marmalade and 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, for serving], title: Spiced Meatballs with Marmalade Glaze, picturelink: 4C4z32z8WNuVbTmcMovUYs3E6kQeOe}, 1192: {instructions: Make chili: Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a 5 to 6quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown beef in 4 batches, stirring occasionally, about 4 minutes per batch, transferring with a slotted spoon to a bowl.nAdd remaining tablespoon oil to pot and cook onion and jalapenos over moderately high heat, stirring, until onion is softened, about 4 minutes. Reduce heat to moderate, then add garlic, salt, and chili powder and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Return beef to pot with any juices that have accumulated in bowl and stir in tomatoes, corn, and water. Simmer chili, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until meat is very tender, 1 14 to 1 12 hours.nRemove from heat and stir in beans, olives, and salt, to taste. Transfer chili to a shallow 3 quart baking dish.nMake topping: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Whisk together flour, cornmeal, cheese, sugar, baking powder, salt, cumin, and jalapeno in a large bowl. Whisk together milk, butter, and egg in a small bowl, then stir into flour mixture until just combined.nDrop batter by large spoonfuls about 8 over chili, spacing them evenly, and bake in middle of oven 10 minutes. Reduce temperature to 350 degrees F and bake pie until topping is cooked through, about 30 minutes more., ingredients: [4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 pounds boneless beef chuck or rump, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 large fresh jalapeno chiles, seeded if desired and finely chopped, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes in puree, 1 10ounce box frozen corn, 1 12 cups water, 1 15 to 16ounce can pinto or black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup chopped pimientostuffed green olives, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup yellow cornmeal not coarse, 3 ounces coarsely grated sharp cheddar 34 cup, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 medium fresh jalapeno chile, seeded and finely chopped, 34 cup milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: Tamale Pie, picturelink: null}, 1193: {instructions: Special equipment: a flat top grillnSlice the onions into thin rings and toss with the canola oil and 2 tablespoons salt in a large bowl.nHeat a flat top grill to high heat. Saute the onions until caramelized and soft. Reserve.nSlice the bacon strips into thirds, crossways. Cook the bacon on the flat top grill until most of the fat is rendered and bacon is crispy. Transfer the bacon to a rimmed baking sheet and reserve.nMelt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the brown sugar and cook until fully dissolved and bubbling, 3 to 4 minutes. It will be very hot. Carefully pour the mixture over the crispy bacon. Use tongs or a large spoon to stir the bacon and praline sauce together until well coated. Reserve the praline bacon.nWhisk together the molasses, mustard and hot sauce in a bowl to make a dipping sauce. Reserve.nMake a Cajun seasoning rub by combining the black pepper, cayenne, ancho chili powder, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika and 3 tablespoons salt in a bowl.nForm the ground beef into 60 patties that are roughly 13 pound each. Sprinkle each patty on both sides with some of the Cajun rub. Working in batches if necessary, cook the burgers on the flat top grill to desired doneness, about 4 minutes per side, adding Cheddar to the top of each patty at the end to melt.nToast the burger buns. Place the burgers on the bottom parts of the buns. Top with the onions, praline bacon and top parts of the buns. Serve with the potato chips and dipping sauce., ingredients: [5 pounds yellow onions, 12 cup canola oil, Kosher salt, 5 pounds bacon, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 pound light brown sugar, 1 cup molasses, 1 cup yellow mustard, 2 tablespoons Louisianastyle hot sauce, 3 tablespoons medium grind black pepper, 3 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 3 teaspoons ancho chili powder, 3 teaspoons garlic powder, 3 teaspoons onion powder, 3 teaspoons smoked paprika, 20 pounds 8020 ground beef, 3 pounds grated Cheddar, 60 hamburger buns, Potato chips, for serving], title: Cajun Cheeseburger with Grilled Onions and Praline Bacon, picturelink: CfPO0c1y3YV5ca8g.jFDpXKkiPASEq}, 1194: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil.nIn a saute pan over medium heat, add 3 tablespoons olive oil and saute the zucchini, jalapenos, garlic and onions until they begin to caramelize, about 5 minutes. Then add the vegetable stock and lower the heat. Season the mixture with salt and pepper and simmer 20 minutes. Puree in a blender and adjust seasoning, if necessary. See Cooks Note. Hold warm over low heat.nSalt the boiling water generously and blanch the Swiss chard leaves just until limp, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove and drain.nIn a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the coriander, cumin and onion powder. Cook until fragrant, about 20 seconds. Then add the lobster, lime juice and season with salt and pepper. Cook another 30 seconds to 1 minute, just so the flavors combine. Be careful not to overcook the lobster.nTo assemble, place a spoonful of lobster in each blanched Swiss chard leaf and roll up like an enchilada. Then pour the sauce over the top and garnish with the feta cheese., ingredients: [5 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 zucchini, diced, 2 jalapenos, diced, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 12 yellow onion, diced, 2 cups vegetable stock, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 leaves Swiss chard, stems removed, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 4 cooked lobster tails, cut into 2inch pieces, 12 lime, juiced, 3 ounces feta cheese], title: Lobster Enchiladas with Spicy Zucchini Sauce, picturelink: SLbqspFrZyVWp5kL.JU1iEp18lvzvZS}, 1195: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray three 8inch round cake pans with nonstick baking spray and set aside.nCombine the sugar and butter in a large mixing bowl cream together until light and fluffy, using an electric mixer on medium to high speed, about 2 minutes. One at a time, add the eggs, making sure to mix well between each addition. Split the vanilla beans in half lengthwise and scrape out the seeds with a knife add to the batter and mix until well incorporated.nIn a separate mixing bowl, sift together the baking powder, baking soda, salt and flour. Pour half of the flour mixture into the batter and mix on low to medium speed until well incorporated, scraping the bowl as needed. Add the buttermilk to the batter and continue mixing until well incorporated. Add the remaining flour mixture mix until all ingredients are well combined. Pour the batter into the prepared cake pans, making sure it is evenly distributed. Bake until a knife inserted into the middle of the cake comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Allow the cakes to cool completely before stacking.nFor the salted caramel filling: Add the sugar to a saucepan and cook on low to medium heat until fully melted and beginning to acquire a caramel color, about 10 minutes. Add the butter and mix until blended. Once the butter is incorporated into the sugar, cook for another 2 minutes over low heat, being sure not to burn the mixture. Add the heavy cream, then turn off the heat and let the mixture bubble, stirring just once. When the bubbling stops, add the sea salt. Let cool.nFor the buttercream frosting: Combine the butter, shortening and cream cheese in a large mixing bowl blend with an electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add the vanilla extract, then blend in the powdered sugar, one cup at a time, until incorporated. Once all the sugar is incorporated, blend for 1 minute more, or until frosting is smooth.nSpread the salted caramel filling between the cake layers and then stack the cake. Frost with the buttercream frosting., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, 4 eggs, room temperature, 3 vanilla beans, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon sea salt, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 2 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 4 sticks 2 cups butter, unsalted, One 8ounce package cream cheese, 4 tablespoon shortening, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, One 2pound bag powdered sugar], title: Vanilla Bean Buttermilk Cake, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 1196: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray.nSeason the salmon with salt and pepper and place it on the prepared baking sheet. Bake the salmon in the oven until cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and keep warm.nHeat a large, deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add about 12 tablespoon of the butter and crack the eggs into the pan, stirring with a metal spatula to scramble and chop them finely. Remove the eggs from the pan.nAdd 1 tablespoon of the remaining butter to the same pan and saute the onion and carrot until softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and the cooked rice. Stir well, mixing the vegetables and rice together. Fry for a few minutes, mixing constantly with the spatula. Add the eggs and mix well. Add the soy sauce and keep stirring. Turn off the heat.nTransfer the fried rice to a plate, top with the salmon, sprinkle with sesame seeds and serve., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 salmon filets about 3 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups cooked longgrain rice, 1 carrot, shredded, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 eggs, 3 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, Sesame seeds, for garnish], title: Fried Rice with Simple Baked Salmon, picturelink: kvAjz38Y1lyj3rY23W337JiWd0EL3O}, 1197: {instructions: Put the white chocolate chips and vegetable oil in a microwavesafe bowl and microwave in 30second intervals, stirring, until melted let cool. Add the butter and mascarpone to the white chocolate mixture and beat with a mixer until combined. Chill before serving.nPhotograph by James Baigrie, ingredients: [14 cup white chocolate chips, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup mascarpone cheese], title: White ChocolateMascarpone Butter, picturelink: HlNSfeKbIyKc99kLUl5ezzaRFemoHvy}, 1198: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Remove fat from around neck and remove third joint of wing. Season chicken inside and out with salt and pepper. Stuff basil in cavity and under skin. Place garlic in cavity. Truss with twine. Heat oil in heavy ovenproof pan and brown chicken on both sides. Spread butter on breast and place the pan in the oven, breast side toward the back. Bake for 1 hour and 10 minutes, or 20 minutes per pound. Transfer the bird to a cutting board. Place the pan over heat and deglaze pan with the wine and then the stock. Serve with roast summer vegetables or salad., ingredients: [1 3 12 pound chicken, Salt and pepper, 1 bunch basil, 5 cloves garlic, Kitchen twine, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup chicken stock], title: Roasted Chicken, picturelink: null}, 1199: {instructions: 1. Prepare a grill with a medium fire on one side of the grill for direct and indirect grilling.n2. Combine the honey, lime zest, lime juice, sambal oelek, soy sauce, and sesame oil in a small pot. Bring to a boil, and then simmer until it just starts to thicken, about 10 minutes.n3. Sprinkle the chicken thighs on both sides with salt and pepper. Place the chicken on the grill skinside down. Grill on both sides until golden, about 3 minutes each side. Transfer the chicken to indirect heat and cook covered, basting and turning with the sauce every 5 minutes, until an instantread thermometer registers 160 degrees F, about 20 minutes.n4. Pour 1 inch or more of water into a skillet or wok and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Place the bok choy in a bamboo or collapsible steamer. Sprinkle the bok choy with salt and pepper. Set the steamer over the boiling water, cover, and cook until the bok choy is cooked but still has a little resistance when pierced with a paring knife, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup honey, 4 limes, 2 zested and 4 juiced about 12 cup juice, 4 teaspoons sambal oelek an Asian chili paste, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 4 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 8 chicken thighs, bonein and skinon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 baby bok choy, halved or quartered lengthwise], title: Spicy HoneyLime Chicken, picturelink: uxx5622F45OTYbPWhiJGr8rVWAy56Ae}}