{11700: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nBring a saucepan of water to a boil and salt it generously. Add the green beans, and cook until crisptender, 4 to 5 minutes. Just before beans are done toss in the shallots. Drain and transfer to a serving platter. Drizzle the beans and shallots with olive oil, lemon juice, pine nuts, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nMix the 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, cloves, nutmeg, and cinnamon together. Brush each lamb chop lightly with the olive oil and season with the spice mixture. Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the chops in the skillet, without crowding until brown and crisp on both sides, about 3 or 4 minutes for both sides. Finish chops in the oven for 1 minute for medium rare, or to desired doneness. Place the lamb chops around the beans and serve., ingredients: [1 pound fresh green beans, 1 small shallot, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 12 a lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly ground cloves, 1 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 8 loin lamb chops], title: Spice Rubbed Lamb Chops with Green Beans, picturelink: J9mBB528cxtsmw3tt6KGcHS2XKlmwiS}, 11701: {instructions: Make the pickled vegetables: Put the carrots, cucumbers and jalapeno in a bowl. Heat the rice vinegar and fish sauce in a saucepan, then pour over the vegetables. Add a pinch each of salt and pepper and set aside, stirring occasionally, while you prepare the noodles and pork.nBring a small pot of water to a boil remove from the heat, add the noodles and let stand 8 minutes. Drain the noodles and rinse under cold water, then snip into smaller pieces with kitchen shears.nMeanwhile, season the pork lightly with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and cook until just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Brush each chop with hoisin sauce turn and cook 30 seconds. Brush with more hoisin sauce, turn and cook 30 more seconds. Remove to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes, then thinly slice.nDivide the noodles among bowls. Strain the pickled vegetables, reserving the liquid. Stir 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce and the remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil into the reserved liquid drizzle over the noodles. Top with the pork, pickled vegetables, lettuce and herbs.nPer serving: Calories 476 Fat 20 g Saturated 4 g Cholesterol 78 mg Sodium 618 mg Carbohydrate 38 g Fiber 4 g Protein 36 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 medium carrots, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise, 3 Kirby cucumbers, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise, 12 jalapeno pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, 13 cup rice vinegar not seasoned, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 ounces rice vermicelli noodles, 1 12 pounds boneless centercut pork chops, trimmed of excess fat, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, plus more for brushing, 2 cups thinly sliced romaine lettuce, 1 12 cups fresh cilantro, basil andor mint], title: Cold Asian Noodles With Pork, picturelink: LICfMI4aLuuiXQ9RWQ.ujdQH7g4lMPe}, 11702: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil in a small skillet over mediumlow heat until hot but not smoking. Add the chopped onion and saute until softened and brown, about 6 minutes. Add the parsley and cook for another minute. Set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the turkey with the breadcrumbs, egg, 14 cup of the ketchup, cooked onion mixture, salt and pepper. Mix until fully combined. Form into a loaf and transfer to a 9by5inch loaf pan. Using a pastry brush or the back of a spoon, brush the remaining 3 tablespoons of ketchup over the loaf.nEvenly scatter the sliced onions over the loaf, drizzle with the remaining tablespoon of oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until the meatloaf is cooked through, 55 to 60 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 small onions, 1 finely chopped and 1 cut into halfmoon slices, 3 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped, 1 12 pounds dark meat ground turkey, 34 cup plus 3 tablespoons seasoned breadcrumbs, 1 large egg, 14 cup plus 3 tablespoons ketchup, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for sprinkling], title: Turkey Meatloaf, picturelink: H0L7oJqKi0DSrY8Q5NjKvVONy28cSW}, 11703: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill pan or griddle pan over medium high heat.nHeat a small saucepan over moderate heat. Add oil and onion. Saute onion in oil for 3 to 5 minutes or until onions are soft. Combine chipotle peppers in adobo, ketchup, orange juice concentrate, orange zest and chicken broth in a blender. Blend on high until sauce is smooth. Pour sauce into saucepan with onion and heat to a bubble. Reduce heat to simmer.nCoat chicken lightly with a drizzle of oil and season breasts with grill seasoning blend or salt and pepper. Grill 5 to 6 minutes on the first side, turn. Remove 12of the barbecue sauce to a small bowl and baste chicken liberally with it. Turn chicken after 4 minutes, coat with sauce again and cook another 2 to 3 minutes.nTo serve sandwiches, slice grilled chicken on an angle and fan out 1 breast on each bun bottom. Spoon remaining sauce from saucepan over the sliced chicken. Serve open faced with the lettuce and red onions setting on bun tops to the side. Pair these sandwiches with your favorite sides or, with Red Cabbage Slaw and Crispy Topped Baked Beans.nCombine cabbage and beets in a mixing or salad bowl. Sprinkle the slaw salad with walnuts. Bring the remaining ingredients to a simmer in a small pot: currants, water, lemon juice, vinegar and brown sugar. Simmer 5 minutes to dissolve sugar and transfer mixture to a bowl. Whisk in currant jelly and oil. Pour dressing over the slaw salad. Toss salad to coat evenly with dressing. Adjust seasonings with salt and pepper and serve or, stored chilled up to 3 days.nPreparation time: 15 minutesnCooking time: 5 minutesnEase of preparation: easynIn a medium skillet over medium high heat, brown bacon but do not fully crisp the pieces. Remove the skillet from heat and toss bread crumbs in the pan with the bacon and drippings. Add scallions to the bread crumbs and bacon and season the mixture with cracked black pepper, to taste.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nAdd 2 cans of barbecued beans or extra spicy beans to a shallow casserole dish. Top with bacon and bread crumb mixture and place in oven. Bake 15 minutes or until top is crispy and beans are bubbly.nPreparation time: 5 to 10 minutesnCooking time: 15 minutesnEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive or vegetable oil, 1 turn of the pan, plus some for drizzling, 1 small onion, chopped, 3 chipotle peppers smoky hot peppers in adobo sauce, found in cans in Mexican foods section 12 cup ketchup, eyeball it, 14 cup orange juice concentrate, 1 orange, zested and cut into wedges, for garnish, 1 cup chicken broth, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Vegetable oil, for drizzling, Grill seasoning or salt and freshly ground black pepper, Romaine lettuce, Sliced red onions, 4 crusty rolls, split, toasted and buttered, Red Cabbage, Beet and Currant Slaw Salad, recipe follows, Crispy Topped Bacon and Green Onion Baked Beans, recipe follows, 1 pound red cabbage, cored, shredded, 1 can sliced beets, drained and sliced, 1 cup walnut pieces, 14 cup dried currants, a couple of handfuls, 12 cup water, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup apple cider or white vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 cup prepared red currant jelly, 12 cup olive oil or vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 slices bacon, chopped, 1 cup plain bread crumbs, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, Coarse black pepper, 2 15ounce cans prepared barbecued baked beans, about 4 cups], title: Smoky Orange Barbecue Chicken Sandwiches, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 11704: {instructions: COMBINE 2 cups flour, sugar, salt and yeast in large bowl mix well. Heat water, milk and 12 cup butter in small saucepan until very warm 120 degrees to 130 degrees F. Add warm liquid and egg to flour mixture blend at low speed until moistened. Beat 3 minutes at medium speed. By hand, stir in an additional 2 12 to 3 cups flour until dough pulls cleanly away from sides of bowl.nSPRAY large bowl with nostick cooking spray. Knead in 1 14 to 1 34 cups flour on floured surface until dough is smooth and elastic, 8 to 10 minutes. Place dough in prepared bowl cover loosely with greased plastic wrap and cloth towel. Let rise in warm place 80 degrees to 85 degrees F until light and doubled in size, 45 to 60 minutes.nPUNCH down dough several times to remove all air bubbles. Divide dough in half. To make Pan Rolls, lightly spray two 13 x 9inch pans with nostick cooking spray. Divide each half of dough into 16 equal pieces. Shape each into a ball, pulling edges under to make a smooth top. Place balls, smooth side up, in prepared pans. Cover let rise in warm place until light and doubled in size, 20 to 30 minutes.nHEAT oven to 400 degrees F. Uncover dough. Bake 16 to 20 minutes or until golden brown. Immediately remove rolls from pans cool on wire racks for 15 minutes. Brush with melted butter. Serve warm or cool.nTip: To make dough a day ahead, after first rise time, punch down dough, cover and refrigerate dough overnight. Shape dough as directed in recipe let rise a second time until light and doubled in size, 25 to 35 minutes.nHigh Altitude above 3500 ft.:nNo change.nVARIATIONS:nBOW KNOT ROLLS: Lightly spray cookie sheets with nostick cooking spray. Using half of dough, divide dough into 16 equal pieces. On lightly floured surface, roll each piece into a 9inch rope. Tie each into a loose knot. Place 2 to 3 inches apart on prepared cookie sheets. After rising, bake 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Yield: 16 rollsnSWIRL ROLLS: Lightly spray cookie sheets with nostick cooking spray. Using half of dough, divide dough into 16 equal pieces. On lightly floured surface, roll each piece into an 8inch rope. Beginning at center, make a loose swirl or coil with each rope tuck end under. Place 2 to 3 inches apart on prepared cookie sheets. After rising, bake 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Yield: 16 rollsnCROWN ROLLS: Lightly spray 12 muffin cups with nostick cooking spray. Using half of dough, divide dough into 12 equal pieces. Shape each into a ball, pulling edges under to make a smooth top. Place 1 ball, smooth side up, in each prepared muffin cup. Using kitchen scissors dipped in flour, cut balls of dough into quarters almost to bottom. After rising, bake 14 to 18 minutes or until golden brown. Yield: 12 rollsnCRESCENT ROLLS: Lightly spray cookie sheets with nostick cooking spray. Using half of dough, divide dough in half again shape each half into a ball. On lightly floured surface, roll each ball into a 12 inch round. Spread each with 1 tablespoon softened butter. Cut each round into 12 wedges. Beginning at wide end of wedge, roll toward point. Place, point side down, 2 to 3 inches apart on prepared cookie sheets. Curve ends to form a crescent shape. After rising, bake 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Yield: 24 rollsnCLOVERLEAF ROLLS: Lightly spray 12 muffin cups with nostick cooking spray. Using half of dough, divide dough into 12 equal pieces divide each into thirds. Shape each into a ball, pulling edges under to make a smooth top. Place 3 balls, smooth side up, in each prepared muffin cup. After rising, bake 14 to 18 minutes or until golden brown. Yield: 12 rollsnTip: Diagrams for making dinner rolls are on pillsburybaking.com under Bakers Corner, Baking Tips, Shaping Dinner Rolls., ingredients: [5 34 to 6 34 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 14 cup sugar, 2 tsps. salt, 2 pkgs. active dry yeast, 1 cup water, 1 cup milk, 12 cup butter, 1 large egg, Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, Butter, melted], title: Best Dinner Rolls, picturelink: null}, 11705: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Grease a 9by9inch baking dish with the softened butter and set aside.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat, melt the 2 sticks butter and the chocolate together, stirring constantly, until smooth. Remove from the heat and stir in the cocoa powder, granulated sugar, salt, 1 cup of the flour and 5 of the eggs. Pour the batter into the prepared baking dish.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese until smooth, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the confectioners sugar, vanilla, the remaining 14 cup flour and the remaining egg. Mix until smooth. Dollop the cream cheese mixture over the brownie batter. With a butter knife or fork, swirl the mixtures together to form a design.nBake until the brownies just slightly pull away from the sides of the baking dish, 45 to 50 minutes. Allow to cool in the pan for 15 minutes. Slice into 9 squares and serve., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon softened butter for greasing the baking dish, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 cups granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 6 large eggs, at room temperature, One 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 12 cup confectioners sugar see Cooks Note, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Marbled Chocolate Brownies, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 11706: {instructions: Combine the kiwi, mango, papaya, mint and orange juice in a large bowl. Refrigerate for up to 1 hour before serving.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [2 kiwis, peeled and diced, 1 mango, peeled and diced, 12 papaya, peeled and diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 12 cup orange juice], title: Fruit Salsa, picturelink: imuwFBdrvck2oxcA8klUMn.VD9bFIa}, 11707: {instructions: In a large bowl or the work bowl of an electric mixer, dissolve the yeast in the milk and add 1 tablespoon sugar and 1 cup of the flour. Mix well and let stand in a warm place about 15 minutes for the yeast to activate.nIn a small saucepan, warm 14 cup of the olive oil with the rosemary and lemon zest. Add the grapes and raisins, mix well then add 12 to the yeast mixture. Mix another 1 cup flour into the yeast mixture with the dough hook attachment. Knead until smooth. With machine running, add the salt and remaining 3 cups flour, 1 cup at a time, kneading until smooth after each addition. Knead another 6 minutes after the addition of the last cup of flour. The dough should remain rather wet to ensure a soft and light bread. Shape the dough into a ball on a floured board and put it in an oiled bowl. Cover with a damp towel and allow to rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk about 45 minutes.nPunch dough down and lightly sprinkle work surface with flour. Turn out dough and knead lightly. At this point, dough may be wrapped and frozen.nTo bake, preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nOil an 11 by 17inch baking sheet. Press dough down into a flat disk with the heel of your hand. Using your fingertips, nudge the dough into a rectangle. The dough can be rolled but the pressure will produce heavier bread. Transfer the dough to the baking sheet and brush with the remaining olive oil. Let rise again until doubled, 30 to 40 minutes.nMake indentations all over the dough by pressing with your fingertips being careful not to puncture all the way through the dough. Bake 15 minutes then remove from the oven and brush with the egg. Sprinkle with the remaining grape mixture then the remaining sugar. Finish with some coarse salt. Return to the oven and continue to bake until golden brown on top and crisp on the bottom, about 10 minutes. Let cool in the pan before cutting., ingredients: [1ounce fresh yeast or 2 envelopes active dry yeast, 2 cups whole milk, lukewarm, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon sugar, 5 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the work surface, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped fine, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, grated, 1 cup red grapes, halved or quartered, 1 cup golden raisins, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 egg, beaten well, Gray salt], title: Harvest Focaccia, picturelink: null}, 11708: {instructions: Season the steak generously on both sides with seasoning salt, patting the seasoning into the meat.nHeat a heavy skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium heat until hot. Add the oil. When oil is hot, add the steak and cook until seared and wellcrusted on one side, about 4 minutes. Turn and cook 3 minutes more for mediumrare and 4 minutes for medium.nTransfer to a cutting board and let rest, loosely covered with foil, while you prepare the salad.nDivide the lettuce between two plates. Slice steak, trimming away fat. Arrange sliced steak on top of lettuce on both plates. Sprinkle with a mixture of the herbs, adorn with chopped tomato, and drizzle with vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 ribeye steak, 1inch thick, Seasoning salt, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 head butter lettuce, leaves removed and torn, 14 cup fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, snipped, 14 cup fresh tarragon leaves, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, torn, 2 Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced, Balsamic vinaigrette], title: Herb and RibEye Salad, picturelink: null}, 11709: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat baking sheet with nostick cooking spray.nBEAT shortening and brown sugar in medium bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add egg, water and vanilla. Beat until smooth. Blend in pancake mix. Stir in cranberries, cashews and chocolate chips. Drop by tablespoonfuls onto prepared baking sheet.nBAKE 8 to 10 minutes or until edges are lightly browned. Cool on baking sheet 1 minute. Remove to wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 14 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 large egg, 2 tsps. water, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 1 13 cups Hungry Jacku00ae Complete Buttermilk Pancake  Waffle Mix Just Add Water, 13 cup sweetened dried cranberries, chopped, 12 cup chopped cashews, 2 tbsps. miniature semisweet chocolate chips], title: Cranberry Cashew Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: lr1u.kV2n4qv6w3f81ibLPZVpZd0.6}, 11710: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cook the bacon in a skillet over medium heat, turning, until very crisp. Drain on paper towels until cool, then finely chop.nStir the bacon, 12 cup parmigianoreggiano and the flour in a small bowl. Line a baking sheet with a silicone mat or parchment paper. Divide the baconcheese mixture into 4 mounds on the baking sheet and flatten each one into about a 3 12inch round. Bake until golden brown and the cheese melts, about 7 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheet 5 minutes, then carefully transfer to a rack using a thin spatula and let cool completely.nMake the dressing: Whisk the anchovies, garlic, lemon juice, olive oil, Worcestershire sauce and the remaining 3 tablespoons cheese in a small bowl.nArrange the tomatoes on a platter, sprinkling each layer with salt, pepper and some of the dressing. Scatter the watercress on top and drizzle with olive oil. Break the baconparmesan crisps into bitesize pieces and add to the salad.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [2 slices thickcut bacon, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons freshly grated parmigianoreggiano cheese, 1 12 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 4 anchovy fillets, rinsed and minced, 1 small clove garlic, finely grated, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 5 medium or large heirloom tomatoes, sliced crosswise about 12 inch thick, Flaky sea salt and freshly ground pepper, Watercress or baby arugula, for topping], title: Tomato Caesar Salad With BaconParmesan Crisps, picturelink: IB9SySbTEmeDrlpLUqz1uRH9FdmfWi}, 11711: {instructions: Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla and beat until incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture in 2 batches and beat until just incorporated. Divide the dough in half, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour and up to 1 day.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Working with 1 piece of dough at a time, lightly dust the dough with flour and roll out between 2 pieces of parchment paper until about 18 inch thick. Refrigerate until slightly firm, about 15 minutes. Cut out shapes using 2to4inch cookie cutters and transfer to the prepared baking sheets. Gather the scraps and refrigerate until firm reroll once to cut out more cookies. Refrigerate the cutouts until firm, about 30 minutes.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Bake the cookies, switching the position of the pans halfway through, until just golden, 13 to 15 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the icing: Sift the confectioners sugar and meringue powder into a large bowl. Beat in 6 tablespoons water with a mixer on medium speed until soft, glossy peaks form. Spread on the cookies and decorate with nonpareils. Let set, about 1 hour.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [2 12 cups cake flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 1pound box confectioners sugar about 3 34 cups, 2 tablespoons meringue powder, Nonpareils, for decorating optional, Sift the flour, baking powder and salt into a medium bowl.], title: Iced Sugar Cookies, picturelink: zhOqjkvbz.rYhD5vdIQRDfGNcXm62C}, 11712: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring the water to a rolling boil, and place a heatproof 1quart pitcher in the sink. When the water boils, add the tea and remove the pan from the heat. The tea will float to the top until you stir gently to coax it into the water. When all of the tea leaves are wet, let it steep for 3 minutes.nPour the contents of the saucepan into the pitcher, and dont worry if the dregs are left behind. Pour the tea back and forth between the pitcher and the saucepan 7 times as it becomes darker and stronger, ending up with the tea in the saucepan. Rinse out the pitcher and strain the tea through a coffee filter back into the pitcher. Add the syrup and stir to dissolve. Cool to room temperature, cover and chill until serving time.nTo serve, fill tall glasses with crushed iced. Add 34 cup of the chilled Thai tea per glass. Top off each glass with 3 to 4 tablespoons evaporated milk. Serve as the milk cascades over the ice and swirls into the tea.nCombine the sugar and water in a small saucepan and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to maintain an active simmer and cook until liquid has thickened and colored slightly, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature.nPour the cooled syrup into a jar with a tightfitting lid, cover, and store at room temperature for 1 week, or in the refrigerator for several weeks.nYield: 1 13 cups, ingredients: [4 cups water, 34 cup Thai tea, 1 12 cups Sugar Syrup, recipe follows, Crushed ice or ice cubes to fill each glass, 1 to 1 12 cups evaporated milk or halfandhalf 3 to 4 tablespoons per glass, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water], title: Cha Yen, picturelink: null}, 11713: {instructions: In a large saute pan on high heat add half of the oil. When hot, saute diced scallops just until they begin to turn white and lose their translucence. Add the onions and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat. Saute the mushrooms in a separate saute pan with rest of oil until they give off their water and begin to brown. Season with salt. Combine into first pan and add garlic, lobster, red pepper, jalapeno, habanero sauce, and spinach and saute until vegetables soften and spinach wilts. When all are incorporated remove from the heat and blend in the cheese. Cool on sheet pan. When set roll in tortillas, sealing ends with egg yolk. Wrap each in plastic. Refrigerate.nSalsa:nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, blend all diced ingredients with cilantro, orange juice, and pinch of salt. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour for flavors to marry. Brown enchiladas in pan or griddle. Heat through in oven. Cut on bias into 4 pieces. Garnish with cilantro and serve with salsa., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 14 cups diced sea scallops, 1 14 cups diced onions, 1 14 cups diced mushrooms, Salt to taste, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 14 cups diced lobster meat 3 to 4 chicken lobsters, 34 cup diced red pepper, 2 medium finely diced jalapeno peppers, 12 teaspoon habenero hot sauce, 3 cups chiffonade cut spinach, 1 12 cups shredded Monterey jack cheese, 2 large egg yolks, beaten, 4 12inch tortillas lemon cilantro preferred, 12 diced ripe pineapple, 1 12 diced ripe mango, 1 small diced red pepper, 1 small diced green pepper, 14 diced purple onion, 1 cup chopped cilantro, 12 cup orange juice, Pinch salt], title: Scallop and Lobster Enchilada, picturelink: null}, 11714: {instructions: Place the mayonnaise, sour cream, chipotle, adobe sauce and lime juice in a blender and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a dipping bowl and garnish with the chives., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 1 chipotle in adobe, plus 1 tablespoon adobe sauce, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh chives], title: Hot and Smoky Dipping Sauce, picturelink: gCsX7BwRGRhnOecSaqS4uURkst1IBI2}, 11715: {instructions: Heat a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the olive oil and pancetta and cook, stirring occasionally, until the pancetta is golden brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the pancetta to a papertowellined plate and reserve.nTo the pan with the pancetta drippings, add the shallots, garlic and salt. Cook until fragrant, stirring with a wooden spoon, 2 minutes. Stir in the rice and coat with all the flavors of the pan. Toast the rice for 2 minutes. Deglaze with 1 cup of the prosecco and cook, stirring constantly, until the liquid is almost entirely absorbed. Add 1 cup of the clam juice and cook, stirring, until almost completely absorbed, 6 to 8 minutes. Continue adding the clam juice, 12 cup at a time, stirring often and allowing each addition to be absorbed before adding the next. Cook until the rice is tender but not mushy, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, to a small saucepan, add the remaining 12 cup prosecco and the New Zealand clams. Cover the pan and place over high heat. Cook, shaking occasionally, until the clams have opened, about 4 minutes. Discard any clams that do not open. Set aside.nTo finish the risotto, stir in the Parmesan, butter, reserved pancetta and the chopped littleneck clams along with their juice. Cook until the clams are cooked through and the butter and cheese are melted in, an additional 2 minutes. The risotto should have some movement and not be too thick.nIn a small bowl, mix together the parsley and lemon zest. Stir half of the mixture into the risotto. Using a slotted spoon, scoop the steamed New Zealand clams over the top of the risotto and finish with the remaining parsley mixture., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces pancetta, diced, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup Arborio rice, 1 cup plus 12 cup prosecco, 2 14 cups jarred clam juice or seafood broth, 1 pound New Zealand clams, scrubbed, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons butter, room temperature, 12 littleneck clams, shucked and chopped, juice strained, 14 cup Italian parsley leaves, chopped, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest 2 lemons], title: Risotto with Clams, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 11716: {instructions: In a large pitcher with ice, stir together the pineapple juice, bourbon, Simple Syrup and lime juice. Pour into icefilled highball glasses, top with a splash of prosecco, garnish with a sprig of basil and serve.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [16 ounces pineapple juice, 12 ounces bourbon, 3 ounces Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 12 ounces fresh lime juice, 4 ounces prosecco, Fresh basil sprigs, for garnish, 1 cup sugar], title: Perfect Pina, picturelink: hiMfn2EIzzk8cBDn5Y4GiaSrXhRBjuu}, 11717: {instructions: Whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil, salt, pepper, and green peppercorns. Taste and adjust seasonings. Roll each zucchini slice into a coil and place on serving plate. Pour dressing over zucchini. Drop Parmesan shavings over the plate. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Coarse grained salt and cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon green peppercorns, drained and smashed, 1 zucchini, sliced lengthwise into paper thin slices, see Cooks Note, Parmesan, sliced into long curls], title: Zucchini with Green Peppercorns, Lemon, and Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 11718: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the butter, sugar and brown sugar in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix until well combined and creamy. Add the vanilla and egg. Gradually add the baking mix and mix until combined. Add the chocolate chips and pecans mix until just combined.nDrop heaping tablespoons of the dough onto parchmentlined baking sheets.nBake until the cookies are lightly browned, about 15 minutes, rotating the baking sheets halfway through.nRemove from the oven and let the cookies cool on the baking sheets for 2 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 2 12 cups baking mix, One 12ounce bag dark chocolate chips, 12 cup chopped pecans], title: Quick Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 11719: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Rinse the fish and dry thoroughly with a paper towel. Score each side of the fish 3 to 4 times on a bias, about 12inch deep. Combine the parsley, tarragon and thyme into 1 large bunch with the stems attached, and separate out onethird of the bunch. Finely chop the separated, smaller bunch. Mix with onequarter of the fennel slices, onethird of the fronds, garlic and capers and 2 of the lemon slices, making a sort of herby citrus marinade. Mix the chopped herb mixture with the olive oil and rub the mixture inside and outside of the fish as well as inside the slits. This will allow the herby citrus flavors to permeate through the fish. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Place half of the remaining herbs, fennel, lemon slices, garlic and capers in a bed on the bottom of a roasting pan and the other half inside the cavity of the fish. Place the fish in a roasting pan. Evenly distribute the wine and butter pats in the pan, and place in the oven. The wine will help keep your fish moist and help steam it, as well as making a great sauce with the butter. Roast until the fish has cooked through, or until the skin is crispy and the fish is flaky, 25 to 30 minutes. Carefully transfer the fish to a serving platter with a bed of the Israeli Couscous be careful, the fish is tender and can break. Pour the sauce from the pan over the fish and fillet to serve.nBring 3 cups salted water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the couscous, cover and remove from the heat. Allow the couscous to sit until the water is absorbed, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the currants, fresh herbs, lemon zest and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper and stir in a small glug of olive oil before serving. Yield: 6 servings., ingredients: [One 2 12 to 3pound whole black bass, gutted and scaled, 1 bunch fresh parsley, 1 bunch fresh tarragon, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 small head fennel, thinly sliced, fronds reserved, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup capers, chopped, 2 lemons, thinly sliced, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into pats, Herbed Israeli Couscous, for serving, recipe follows, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups Israeli couscous, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup currants, 14 cup fresh chopped herbs, such as tarragon, parsley, chives, etc., 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Freshly cracked black pepper, Olive oil], title: Roasted Whole Black Bass, picturelink: f9Iwi5Ll5cAD8mxCzJkqZrzL9gccrk2}, 11720: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saute pan, heat the olive oil, garlic, and pepper flakes over medium heat until fragrant. Once the garlic has turned golden in color, remove it from the pan. You are left with garlicinfused oil in the pan. Add the broccoli to the pan.nCooks Note: Be sure the broccoli is completely dry before tossing it into the pan.nToss the broccoli to coat with the oil. Season with salt and pepper and saute over medium heat until the broccoli barely loses some of its crunch, about 5 minutes. Turn the heat up to high and deglaze the pan with the red wine vinegar. Add a few tablespoons of water, if needed.nCooks Note: Use pasta water if the pasta was made fresh.nAdd in the pasta and toss to coat with the oil. Top with Parmesan cheese for serving., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 head broccoli, sliced into very thin florets, stalk peeled and cut into matchsticks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Few tablespoons water or pasta cooking water, if needed, 2 cups penne pasta, cooked al dente, Parmesan cheese, for garnish], title: Garlic Oil Sauteed Pasta with Broccoli, picturelink: f6q454BqHf2Xaq3UQsUQLUUe7vaIRQy}, 11721: {instructions: Mix 1 cup each crumbled blue cheese and diced celery, 14 cup diced red onion, 2 tablespoons each chopped celery leaves and mayonnaise, and 2 teaspoons hot sauce.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Buffalo Relish, picturelink: ygDbqvtbrCAMzolgyzmNatz5IZ1IKqi}, 11722: {instructions: Combine all of the ingredients and allow to infuse overnight so all of the flavors develop. Strain through a fine mesh sieve.nDivide the sauce between serving saucers and into each, add 1 teaspoon of very finely chopped chives and a small ball of wasabi., ingredients: [4 fluid ounces dark soy sauce, 4 fluid ounces lemon juice, 1 fluid ounce seasoned rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon Tamari sauce, 1 teaspoon mirin, 12 inch piece grated fresh ginger, 12 inch piece grated fresh galangal, 1 piece lemon grass, bottom 3 inches only tough outer layers removed and discarded, chopped finely, 12 red chile pepper, seeds removed, 1 12 inch width by 6 to 8 inches length strip of kelp, broken into small pieces, 2 roots or 4 sprigs cilantro, Small bunch chives, chopped finely, 4 tablespoons powdered wasabi mixed with a little mineral water to make a thick paste], title: Lemon Soy Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 11723: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss together the tomatoes, 14 cup olive oil, salt, and pepper. Spread the tomatoes in 1 layer on a baking sheet and roast for 45 minutes.nIn an 8quart stockpot over medium heat, saute the onions and garlic with 2 tablespoons of olive oil, the butter, and red pepper flakes for 10 minutes, until the onions start to brown. Add the canned tomatoes, basil, thyme, and chicken stock. Add the ovenroasted tomatoes, including the liquid on the baking sheet. Bring to a boil and simmer uncovered for 40 minutes. Pass through a food mill fitted with the coarsest blade. Taste for seasonings. Serve hot or cold., ingredients: [3 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, cut in half lengthwise, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups chopped yellow onions 2 onions, 6 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 28ounce canned plum tomatoes, with their juice, 4 cups fresh basil leaves, packed, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 quart chicken stock or water], title: Roasted Tomato Basil Soup, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 11724: {instructions: In a small saucepan over low heat, combine the cumin, garlic powder, onion powder, chile powder, and 4 tablespoons olive oil and bring to a light simmer. Cook for 4 minutes. Let cool. Place the steak in a baking dish and pour the seasoned oil over top. Marinate the steak in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Bring the steak to room temperature before grilling.nPreheat a grill or grill pan on high heat.nRemove the steak from the marinade and season with salt and pepper. Grill the steak for about 7 minutes on each side for mediumrare. Let rest before slicing. Combine the onions and peppers with olive oil, and salt and pepper, to taste. Toss to coat in oil. Grill the onions and peppers for 4 minutes. Set aside.nCombine the avocado, red onion, tomato, garlic, lemon juice, and juice of 1 lime in a large bowl. Mash the avocado a bit with a fork. Stir in salt, and pepper, to taste. Mix in the sour cream with the remaining juice and zest of limes. Season with salt, to taste.nTo serve: Slice the flank steak in thin slices and place it on a large platter. Serve with peppers and onions, guacamole, and limesour cream on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons chile powder, 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 3 pounds flank steak, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 onions, sliced, 4 spicy chile peppers, seeded and sliced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 ripe avocados, halved, pitted, peeled and diced, 1 small red onion, diced, 1 small tomato, diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Juice of 1 Meyer lemon, 1 lime, juiced, plus 2 limes, zest and juice, divided, 2 cups sour cream], title: Flank Steak Fajitas with Guacamole, picturelink: 2ZqyguWfnifsXacNYBdun4WVVafDIH6}, 11725: {instructions: Cut the oranges in half lengthwise and remove all of the pulp. It can be reserved for another use, if desired. In a small saucepan combine 14 cup of the juice and the gelatin and let the mixture stand for 5 minutes. Cook the mixture over low heat, stirring constantly, for 3 to 4 minutes or until all the gelatin granules are completely dissolved. Whisk the gelatin mixture into the remaining orange juice. Pour the mixture into the hollowed shells and chill them, covered, for 4 hours or until the mixture is jelled. Cut each half into 3 wedges., ingredients: [2 navel oranges, 1 14 cups strained fresh orange juice, 1 12 teaspoons unflavored gelatin], title: Jiggly Orange Wedges, picturelink: null}, 11726: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F with a rack set on the middle shelf. Place the hearts of palm onto several layers of paper towels to absorb any excess liquid. Season lightly with salt.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large highsided skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat until it just starts to shimmer. Sear the hearts of palm until golden brown on both sides, 2 to 4 minutes total. You may need to do this in two batches to avoid crowding the skillet. Transfer to a baking sheet or large plate. Discard the used oil and wipe out the skillet.nAdd the remaining oil to the same skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and 12 teaspoon salt and cook until softened and lightly browned, stirring occasionally, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until just softened, stirring constantly, about 1 minute. Stir in the crushed tomatoes, diced tomatoes, red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt and fish sauce if using. Bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer. Simmer, uncovered, for 15 minutes.nSeason with additional salt if needed. Carefully pour the sauce into a 13 by 9inch baking dish. Add the browned hearts of palm to the sauce in a single layer and sprinkle all over with the grated cheese. Bake until the cheese is lightly golden brown, about 10 minutes. Allow to sit at room temperature for 5 minutes before serving. Top with the basil.nTo serve, divide the warm polenta among 6 bowls and top with the hearts of palm and tomato sauce., ingredients: [Three 14ounce cans whole hearts of palm, drained, Kosher salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large yellow onion, 14inch dice, 6 cloves garlic, minced, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, One 14ounce can diced tomatoes, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 1 12 teaspoons fish sauce, optional, 1 14 cups finely grated Parmesan about 3 ounces, Handtorn fresh basil leaves, for garnish, 1 12 cups quickcooking polenta, cooked according to the package directions, warm], title: Hearts of Palm Parm, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 11727: {instructions: Place tomatillos, onion, garlic, and green chiles in a roasting pan and bake in a preheated 400 degree F oven for 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer the roasted vegetables to a food processor along with any juices that are at the bottom of the pan. Add the cumin, salt, and cilantro. Pulse the mixture until combined but still chunky. You may add a bit of water or broth if the mixture is too thick. Reserve half the sauce to serve with the tamales.nIn a deep bowl, combine the masa and remaining half of the tomatillo sauce. Beat until fully incorporated and the dough is green. Fold in the softened goat cheese.nSet the cornhusks on a sheet pan covered by a damp towel. Lay the husk flat on a plate with the smooth side up and the narrow end facing you. Spread a thin, even layer of the masa mixture over the surface of the husk with a tablespoon that is dipped in water. Fold the narrow end up to the center then fold both sides together to enclose the filling. The sticky masa will form a seal. Pinch the wide top closed.nStand the tamales up in a large steamer or colander with the pinched end up. Load the steamer into a large pot filled with 2inches of water. The water should not touch the tamales. Lay a damp cloth over the tamales and cover with lid. Keep the water at a low boil, checking periodically to make sure the water doesnt boil away. Steam the tamales for 2 hours.nCoat the shrimp with cumin, chili powder, cayenne, coriander, salt, and pepper. Heat oil in a saute pan, cook the shrimp for 5 minutes until pink. To serve, unfold the tamales, top with the spicy shrimp and spoon the reserved tomatillo sauce over the top., ingredients: [1 pound tomatillos, husked, 1 white onion, peeled, 4 garlic cloves, 2 Anaheim green chiles, stems removed, 2 teaspoons cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup cilantro, 2 cups prepared masa, 6 ounces goat cheese, room temperature, 1 bag dried cornhusks, cleaned and soaked, 2 pounds jumbo shrimp, cleaned, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon coriander, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Spicy Shrimp Tamales with Roasted Tomatillo Sauce and Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 11728: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add edamame and return to a boil. Cook for 5 minutes. Drain in a colander and set aside.nIn a frying pan over medium heat add the oil and cook the carrots and onions until tender, but not soft.nIn a medium bowl, stir together kung pao sauce, soy sauce, and red pepper flakes. Add in edamame, carrots, and onions. Toss until vegetables are coated. Serve., ingredients: [1 pound frozen, shelled edamame green soy beans, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup diced carrots, 12 onion, chopped, 12 cup prepared kung pao sauce, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes], title: Edamame in Kung Pao Sauce, picturelink: null}, 11729: {instructions: Place the oil, popcorn and salt in a large, 6quart, metal mixing bowl. Cover with heavyduty aluminum foil and poke 10 slits in the top with a knife.nPlace the bowl over medium heat and shake constantly using a pair of tongs to hold the bowl. Continue shaking until the popcorn finishes popping, approximately 3 minutes.nRemove the bowl from the heat and carefully remove the foil. Stir in any salt that is on the side of the bowl. Sprinkle the herbs on the popcorn and gently stir to coat.nMelt the butter in the microwave. Slowly drizzle over the popcorn, while spinning the bowl. Stir to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons peanut oil, 3 ounces popcorn kernels, approximately 12 cup, 12 teaspoon popcorn salt, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Savory Herb Popcorn, picturelink: d2i9YVMFv2HY5UNG7FfDpB1Ad3kZcO}, 11730: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a mediumsized skillet, heat the olive oil over high heat. Add the beef, chorizo, onion, garlic, cumin, salt and pepper. Cook for 5 to 7 minutes, stirring constantly so that the ingredients are well blended. Add additional cumin, if desired, and cook for an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Set aside and let the filling cool.nRoll out the pie crust dough and cut out rounds using a 3inch cutter. Put 1 tablespoon of filling on half of the round. Fold the other half of the round over and using a fork, press down on the edge of the dough making sure it is sealed all the way around. This forms the empanada. Whisk the egg in a small bowl. Brush the top of each empanada with the egg wash. Arrange the empanadas on a nonstick sheet pan and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Transfer the empanadas to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound ground beef steak, 14 pound fresh chorizo sausage, casing removed, 34 cup finely chopped onion, 2 cloves finely chopped garlic, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 package storebought pie crust or your favorite pie crust recipe, 1 egg], title: Beef Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 11731: {instructions: Steam the broccoli and set aside covered in a warm place. Then begin steaming the asparagus until fork tender, remove from heat and keep warm.nWhile the broccoli and asparagus are steaming, heat the olive oil and butter in a large skillet over medium heat.. Saute the onion until translucent and add the carrots. When the carrots begin to soften, add the red bell pepper, parsley and tarragon and continue cooking until the bell pepper is tender. Fold in green beans. Season with cayenne pepper and salt.nArrange asparagus and broccoli on serving dish and spoon rest of vegetable mixture over., ingredients: [1 head broccoli, cut into florets, 1 pound fresh asparagus, tough ends snapped off or sliced off, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 red onion minced, 2 carrots, peeled and sliced julienne, 1 red bell pepper, stems and seeds removed and sliced julienne, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon leaves, 1 pound green beans, blanched, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt], title: Terra Firma Vegetable Medley, picturelink: null}, 11732: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a Dutch oven or large pot over medium heat. Add the leeks, celery, carrots and parsnips and cook, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Add the broth and bring to a simmer. Season with salt and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.nAdd the escarole and lemon zest to the pot and simmer until the escarole is tender, about 10 more minutes.nAdd the turkey and pasta and cook until the pasta is partially cooked, about 4 minutes. The pasta will continue cooking in the hot soup. Remove from the heat and stir in the lemon juice. Discard the lemon zest and top with the herbs.nPhotograph by Andrew PurcellnInsert kitchen shears into the carcass and make a few cuts to get you started. Then, use your hands to carefully pull the carcass into 4 or 5 pieces.nCombine the carcass, onions, carrots, celery, parsley, garlic, peppercorns and bay leaves in a stockpot. Cover with cold water about 7 quarts.nBring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low. Simmer about 2 hours, occasionally skimming any foam or fat from the surface with a large spoon or ladle.nPour through a large mesh strainer into a pot discard the solids. Cool slightly, then refrigerate in covered containers for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 2 months., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 leeks white and light green parts only, thinly sliced, 3 stalks celery, chopped, 3 carrots, chopped, 2 parsnips, chopped, 4 quarts Turkey Broth, recipe follows, Kosher salt, 1 small head escarole, chopped, 2 wide strips lemon zest removed with a vegetable peeler, 3 cups chopped leftover roast turkey skin removed, 1 cup farfalline or other small pasta, Juice of 12 lemon, 14 cup chopped fresh dill andor parsley optional, 1 turkey carcass from a roasted bird, 2 onions, cut into chunks, 2 carrots, cut into chunks, 3 stalks celery, cut into chunks, 1 bunch fresh parsley, 4 cloves garlic, smashed unpeeled, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 2 bay leaves], title: TurkeyEscarole Soup with Farfalline, picturelink: VgNPQ8CkudZuhJ0KOECXhpjHpP4vyi}, 11733: {instructions: Rinse and pat the chicken dry. On a stable surface, cut the chicken with a sharp knife into 8 pieces, plus the backbone.nSeason all the pieces with 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate all but the backbone.nIn a large saucepan or small stockpot over high heat, add 1 tablespoon of garlic oil and, when hot, add in the seasoned chicken backbone. Brown for 4 to 5 minutes, then add in the reserved garlic cloves, thyme, and the cut vegetables. Turn the backbone over and continue to cook until well browned, an additional 5 minutes. Guys tip: for easy removal when making gravy later, tie the garlic cloves in cheesecloth before adding to the pot.nDeglaze the pan with a little of the stock to loosen the fond from the bottom of the pan, and add the remaining stock and the water. Bring to a strong simmer and let cook for 45 minutes. Strain the solids but reserve the garlic cloves in a bowl. Let sit and skim the fat from the top. Set aside. You should have about 3 cups. This can be prepared ahead.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a large, deepsided pan over high heat, add 14 cup of the garlic oil. When it just starts to smoke, add the sliced garlic cloves and cook until just crisp and light golden brown, 30 seconds. Remove to a paper towellined plate and sprinkle with a touch of salt. Add in the chicken and carefully brown the pieces, turning as needed, and getting a nice even dark golden brown on all sides. As the pieces finish, remove to a baking sheet and hold warm in the oven.nDrain the excess fat from the pan the chicken was cooked in and set heat at mediumhigh. Add in the remaining 14 cup garlic oil and the flour and stir constantly until a paste forms. Allow the roux to cook for 1 to 2 minutes, with continued stirring, and then slowly whisk in the stock. Add about 12 cup at a time and continue to incorporate. Reduce the heat to low once the mixture has thickened and then add in the reserved cooked garlic cloves.nWhisk these into the roux, adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, if needed, and hold warm until service over low heat.nPlace 12 cup of the garlic gravy on a plate and position a couple pieces of chicken on top. Spoon 1 tablespoon of the gravy on top of the chicken and garnish with the parsley, diced tomatoes, and the fried garlic slices.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, add half of the oil and all of the garlic. Heat through and cook for 10 minutes, adjusting the heat as needed. Allow to cool to room temperature.nIn a 16ounce clean glass jar, add the prepared garlic and the remaining oil. Cover and refrigerate. Use within 2 to 3 weeks.nGuys Tips:nUse a good quality olive oil in this, but not extravirgin. You want an olive oil that can withstand some heat, as you will soon be cooking everything with this oilnFind the freshest, firmest, whitest garlic bulbs you can find. Gently break apart the bulb, and then carefully trim the stem end from each clove and peel the skins. Be picky, use the biggest ones and leave the smaller ones for another recipe.nUse the oil for cooking, use the garlic for everything. Once the garlic is depleted, start over., ingredients: [1 4 to 5pound chicken, organic if possible, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, plus more for sprinkling, 2 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup Garlic Oil, divided, plus 1 tablespoon, recipe follows, 1 12 cups cloves garlic, reserved from Garlic Oil, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 onion, peeled and quartered, 1 carrot, peeled and cut into 4 pieces, 1 celery stalk, trimmed and cut into 4 pieces, 2 12 cups chicken stock, plus more to loosen fond and thicken gravy, 2 cups water, 6 large cloves garlic, sliced thin, 12 cup flour, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons seeded and diced Roma tomatoes, 2 cups olive oil, 2 cups garlic cloves], title: Chicken and the Bodacious Bulb, picturelink: PkNssU45SAwQnBtM6GEcLgqYYAzLlby}, 11734: {instructions: In a bowl combine flour, cornmeal, red pepper flakes, milk, red bell pepper, cilantro, egg yolks, and melted butter. Season with salt and pepper. With electric mixer beat egg whites to soft peak and fold into batter. In a nonstick pan over moderate heat brush some melted butter. Drop batter by the spoonful into pan so that pancakes are about 1 12 inches in diameter. When bubbles appear on surface of pancakes and undersides are golden brown, flip pancakes and allow undersides to cook until golden. Remove pancakes top rack to cool.nIn a bowl combine avocado, lime juice, jalapeno, cilantro, salt, and pepper. If desired, mash with fork to smooth avocado. Add tomatoes and fold together.nAssembly: When pancakes are cool, spoon about 12 teaspoon sour cream onto center. Top with an equal amount of guacamole. Garnish with leaf of cilantro., ingredients: [23 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornmeal, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste, 23 cup milk, 23 cup diced red bell pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 2 eggs, separated, 1 tablespoon melted butter, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 1 avocado, peeled and finely diced, 2 tablespoons lime juice, or to taste, 1 jalapeno, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, or to taste, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 3 Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced], title: Red Bell Pepper and Coriander Pancakes with Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 11735: {instructions: Preheat oven to 275 degrees F.nMake the Crust: Stir all ingredients with fork and press into 8inch springform pan that has been sprayed with nonstick cooking spray.nMake the filling: Allow the cream cheese and eggs to sit out for about 1 hour before mixing. Mix the cream cheese and sugar in a mixer on low speed. Add the eggs 1 at a time then add the vanilla.nPour the mixture into the prepared pan and bake at 275 degrees F for 90 minutes. Turn the oven off but do not open the oven door for 3 hours. Refrigerate for 8 hours before removing from the pan., ingredients: [1 cup graham cracker crumbs, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, room temperature, 24 ounces cream cheese, 3 eggs, 2 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract], title: New YorkStyle Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 11736: {instructions: Scoop out seeds from each melon half. Cut each half into 6 wedges. Remove melon skins. Wrap 1 or 2 slices of prosciutto around each wedge. Secure prosciutto with 4 toothpicks. Cut each wedge into 4 bitesized pieces. Cover and refrigerate.nServe chilled.nCan be made 2 to 3 hours ahead of time and chilled. Make sure melon wedges are well wrapped so that they do not dry out., ingredients: [12 cantaloupe, 12 honeydew melon, 24 very thin slices prosciutto, 48 toothpicks], title: Melon and Prosciutto Wraps, picturelink: null}, 11737: {instructions: Brush a 6inch wide doubled band of waxed paper or foil long enough to fit around a souffle dish with flavorless vegetable oil and fit the dish with a collar extending 3 inches above the rim. Secure it with string or tape.nIn a bowl combine the raspberry puree, lemon juice and the framboise. In a small heavy saucepan combine the 23 cup sugar with the water, bring the mixture to a boil, gently swirling the pan and washing down any sugar crystals clinging to the sides of the pan with the brush dipped in cold water, and boil the syrup until it reaches the softball stage, or the candy thermometer reaches 238 degrees F. In the bowl of the upright mixer beat the egg whites with the salt until they hold stiff peaks. With the mixer running, add the sugar syrup in a stream and beat the egg whites until cool.nIn a chilled bowl with the handheld mixer, beat the cream with the remaining 3 tablespoons of sugar until it holds soft peaks. Fold the whites into the raspberry puree gently but thoroughly and fold in the whipped cream. Spoon the mixture into the prepared dish, smooth the top and freeze it for at least 6 hours, or overnight. Before serving, remove the waxed paper collar carefully and garnish the top of the souffle with the remaining raspberries., ingredients: [1 12 cups strained pureed fresh or frozen raspberries, plus 6 to 8 whole raspberries for garnish, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons eaudevie de framboise raspberry brandy, 23 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup water, 4 egg whites at room temperature, Pinch salt, 1 23 cups wellchilled heavy cream], title: Frozen Raspberry Souffle, picturelink: null}, 11738: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small pan, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter and add the flour. Cook, stirring, until the mixture begins to turn a light brown color, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat.nIn a large saucepan, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Cook the garlic, rosemary and shallots until the shallots are translucent. Add the cream and bring to a boil. Add the butterflour mixture, reduce the heat and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the salt and pepper and strain.nFor each serving, heat 1 cup of sauce to a simmer, add 2 ounces chipped beef and bring to a boil. Pour the mixture over two to three slices sourdough toast and garnish with parsley and paprika., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 3 shallots, minced, 12 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon black pepper, Chipped beef, for serving, Sourdough toast, for serving, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, Paprika, for garnish], title: Chipped Beef on Toast, picturelink: ezuQo7W7oVHOfldTtYsDWgySp8fMIra}, 11739: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUnfold a sheet of puff pastry on a lightly floured surface and roll it lightly to an 11 by 11inch square. Using a 6inch wide saucer or other round object as a guide, cut 2 circles from the sheet of puff pastry, discarding the scraps. Repeat with the second pastry sheet to make 4 circles in all. Place the pastry circles on 2 sheet pans lined with parchment paper and refrigerate until ready to use.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet over medium to low heat and add the onions and garlic. Saute for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring frequently, until the onions are limp and there is almost no moisture remaining in the skillet. Add 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, the wine, and thyme and continue to cook for another 10 minutes, until the onions are lightly browned. Remove from the heat.nUsing a sharp paring knife, score a 14inchwide border around each pastry circle. Prick the pastry inside the score lines with the tines of a fork and sprinkle a tablespoon of grated Parmesan on each round, staying inside the scored border.nPlace 14 of the onion mixture on each circle, again staying within the scored edge. Crumble 1 ounce of goat cheese on top of the onions. Place a slice of tomato in the center of each tart. Brush the tomato lightly with olive oil and sprinkle with basil, salt, and pepper. Finally, scatter 4 or 5 shards of Parmesan on each tart.nBake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the pastry is golden brown. The bottom sheet pan may need an extra few minutes in the oven. Serve hot or warm., ingredients: [1 package 17.3 ounces2 sheets puff pastry, defrosted, Good olive oil, 4 cups thinly sliced yellow onions 2 large onions, 3 large garlic cloves, cut into thin slivers, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons dry white wine, 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme leaves, 4 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, plus 2 ounces shaved with a vegetable peeler, 4 ounces garlicandherb goat cheese recommended: Montrachet, 1 large tomato, cut into four 14inchthick slices, 3 tablespoons julienned basil leaves], title: Tomato and Goat Cheese Tarts, picturelink: T2YabG79YDeKKAMD5kNpqs5mWTDAkK}, 11740: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pot roast: Position a rack in the middle position and preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nLiberally sprinkle the entire roast with salt and pepper. Heat the vegetable oil in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Brown the roast on all sides until golden and caramelized reduce the heat if the fat begins to smoke. Transfer the roast to a plate and reduce the heat to medium. Add in the onions and saute, stirring occasionally, until just beginning to brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the Italian seasoning and crushed red pepper and saute until fragrant, another minute. Add the garlic and saute until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Deglaze with the red wine and cook until reduced by half. Add in the stock and thyme and bring to a simmer. Adjust the seasoning of the jus. Place the roast back into the pot with any accumulated juices and place in the oven. Cook the roast, turning every 30 minutes, until very tender, 3 3 12 to 4 hours. Increase the oven heat to 350 degrees F.nTransfer the roast to a cutting board and tent with foil. Strain the jus through a fine mesh strainer into a bowl and return back to the pot. Bring to a simmer and adjust the seasoning if necessary. Once cooled a bit, pull the meat into smaller chunks, return to the reduced jus and reserve until ready to build the sandwiches.nFor the sweet peppers: Toss the pepper strips with the olive oil, granulated garlic and some salt and pepper on a baking sheet. Bake, stirring halfway through, until lighter in color and soft, about 20 minutes.nFor the sandwich build: Place some beef on a roll, then some sweet peppers and then some Homemade Hot Giardiniera. Pour a small dish of reduced jus. Take the whole sandwich and quickly dunk in hot jus. Using two hands, go the hell to town.nDay One: Combine 2 cups water and the salt in a glass or non reactive bowl. Mix until the salt is dissolved. Add the carrots, cauliflower, serranos, garlic, celery and bell peppers to the salt water and stir to combine. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nDay Two: Drain and rinse the vegetables. In a clean bowl, mix together the canola oil with the oregano and pepper. Add the vegetables and mix to combine. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Giardiniera will only get better with time. After 2 days at the most in the bowl, you can place in airtight Mason jars and keep in the fridge for at least 2 to 3 weeks. Makes 3 to 4 cups.nFrom Food Network Kitchens after further testing and to ensure the best results this recipe has been altered from what was in the actual episode., ingredients: [1 boneless beef chuck eye roast about 3 12 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon dried Italian seasoning, 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper, 6 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 12 cup dry red wine, 3 cups beef stock, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 green bell peppers, seeded and cut into strips, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 soft, hinged sub or hoagie rolls, Homemade Hot Giardiniera, recipe follows, 14 cup table salt, 1 cup smalldiced carrots, 1 cup tiny cauliflower florets, 4 to 8 serrano peppers, sliced 14 inch depending on heat level desired, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 stalk celery, diced small, 1 red bell pepper, diced small, 2 cups canola oil, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicago Italian Beef Pot Roast Style, picturelink: I0Tw1pvAuPPjL1CqqY78NKoHUIpkpAu}, 11741: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn the bowl of a food processor combine the butter, flour and salt. Pulse, pulse, pulse until the mixture looks like finely grated cheese. Add half of the ice water and pulse again. The mixture should start to come together to form a rough ball if it still seems dry add the remaining water and pulse until it has formed a rough ball. Remove the mixture from the food processor to a clean work surface and form it into a disk. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. This can be done a few days in advance.nWhen using the dough, remove it from the refrigerator 20 to 30 minutes before using to allow it to soften up a bit. Dust the dough and a work surface with flour. Using a rolling pin, roll the dough out evenly in all directions. In between rolls it is a good idea to rotate the dough a quarter of a turn and dust it lightly with flour if it feels tacky. This will prevent the dough from sticking to the work surface and help it to roll out evenly. Roll the dough into a circle about 18inch thick.nLay the dough in a lightly greased 9inch pie plate. There should be about a 12inch of dough hanging over the sides of the pie plate. If there is more than that, trim it with a sharp pair of kitchen shears. Fold the dough underneath itself around the rim of the pie plate and pinch or crimp into desired shape.nFill the dough with desired filling and bake according to the recipe you are using or dock poke holes all over the dough with a fork and blind bake. To blind bake: Line the dough with foil and fill with pie weights, raw rice, or dried beans. Bake in a preheated 425 degrees F oven for 10 to 12 minutes, remove the foil and beans and bake for 2 to 3 minutes more. Remove the pie shell from the oven and cool. The dough should be golden and crisp. Continue with desired filling.nVoila, ingredients: [1 12 sticks cold butter, cut into pea size pieces, plus extra for pie plate, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for rolling, Pinch kosher salt, 3 to 4 tablespoons ice water], title: Pie Dough, picturelink: Ps2QnOlAHEuGAiOkGQWJ6PoyzhCSfuK}, 11742: {instructions: Prepare the ice cream: Let the ice cream soften slightly at room temperature, 5 minutes. Transfer to a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat until creamy but not melted, about 1 minute. Add 12 teaspoon peppermint extract and the crushed candy canes and beat until just incorporated, about 30 seconds. Transfer to a small metal baking dish or loaf pan, cover and freeze until firm, 1 to 2 hours.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 300 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Using a bowl or cake pan as a guide, trace an 8inch circle onto the parchment with a pencil, then flip the parchment over the circle should still be visible set aside.nMake the meringue: Fill a medium saucepan with 1 to 2 inches of water and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat remove from the heat. Combine the egg whites, sugar and salt in a large heatproof bowl and set over the hot water do not let the bowl touch the water. Whisk until the egg whites are foamy and hot, about 5 minutes. Remove the bowl from the pan and beat with a mixer on medium speed until stiff and shiny, about 10 minutes. Beat in the remaining 12 teaspoon peppermint extract until combined.nTransfer the meringue to a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch round tip. Pipe in a tight spiral onto the prepared parchmentlined baking sheet, starting in the middle of the circle and working toward the outer edge. Pipe more meringue around the outer edge of the circle to build up the side about 2 inches high. Dip a small paintbrush or toothpick in the food coloring, then drag it around the meringue spiral to create streaks. Repeat several times.nBake until the meringue is just firm but not brown, about 1 hour. If it starts browning, reduce the oven temperature to 275 degrees F. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely. The meringue will continue to harden as it cools. Carefully invert the meringue onto a platter and gently peel off the parchment. Invert again and set on the platter. Top with scoops of the prepared peppermint ice cream and sprinkle with more crushed candy canes. Freeze until ready to serve, up to 2 days.nPhotographs by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [2 pints vanilla ice cream, 1 teaspoon peppermint extract, 14 cup crushed candy canes, plus more for topping, 4 large egg whites, 1 14 cups superfine sugar, Pinch of salt, Red food coloring], title: Candy Cane Pavlova, picturelink: FljQAtY4oK885T4jgcu33HWth1l.gu}, 11743: {instructions: In medium bowl combine sour cream and mayonnaise. Stir in blue cheese. Squeeze in lemon juice. Add a dash of hot pepper sauce and pepper. Add parsley and scallions. Stir to combine and serve., ingredients: [12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 4 ounces crumbled blue cheese, Hot pepper sauce, Fresh pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 scallion, sliced], title: Blue Cheese Dip for Veggies, picturelink: 7mapVnqjUtVhUjDjE33dr6LVk9uwzi}, 11744: {instructions: Special equipment: cookie press a.k.a. spritz gunnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Beat the butter and sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the vanilla and almond extracts and the egg and mix to incorporate dont worry if the mixture seems to separate.nSift together the flour and baking powder and add to the creamed butter. Mix until combined. Using a cookie press, press the cookies onto ungreased baking sheets. Top with sprinkles of your choice. Bake until firm but not yet browning, 6 to 8 minutes. After a few minutes, move cookies to a rack and cool., ingredients: [2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 1 large egg, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Sprinkles for garnish], title: Butter Spritz Cookies, picturelink: Zy8fzIB0cZEQkAKhtn1nMQh.VUFpkJa}, 11745: {instructions: PROCEDURE: Prepare a grill by lighting the charcoals or heating a gas grill on medium heat. Heat the butter in a medium nonstick saute pan over high heat, add the onion and cook 1 to 2 minutes until soft but not browned. Stir in the capers, garlic puree, Creole seasoning, black and white pepper, red pepper flakes, and salt, cooking 1 minute. Whisk in the cream, mustard, horseradish, Worcestershire and hot pepper sauce. Bring to a boil and simmer for 5 minutes whisking occasionally until sauce thickens. Add in the butter whisking until completely incorporated. Set aside until needed. Reheat the sauce before serving. Slice the andouille into 36 12inch diagonally cut slices. Place the andouille and shrimp in a medium bowl, drizzle with the oil and toss to coat. Sprinkle with the Creole seasoning, mixing to evenly distribute it among the andouille and shrimp. Alternately thread 3 pieces of andouille and 2 shrimp onto each skewer. Repeat with the remaining skewers. Turning once or twice, grill 6 to 7 minutes until shrimp turn pink and are cooked through. Serve 2 skewers per person with a portion of Hot Ravigote Sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons finely diced yellow onion, 2 teaspoons capers, rinsed and drained, 1 14 teaspoons roasted garlic puree, 18 teaspoon Creole seasoning, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon ground white pepper, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Pinch of salt, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 4 teaspoons Creole mustard, 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish, 18 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 18 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 1 pound andouille sausage, 24 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons Creole seasoning, 12 10inch wooden skewers, soaked in water], title: Grilled Shrimp and Andouille Sausage with Hot Ravigote Sauce, picturelink: null}, 11746: {instructions: Combine the flour, baking powder, salt, and black pepper in a bowl. Whisk in eggs and milk and beat to create a batter that is cohesive but is still loose enough to be pushed through a sieve to make dumplings with identifiable strands of batter. Add additional flour if too loose or additional milk if too dry.nBring a pot of water to boiling and reduce it to a simmer. Drop tablespoons of the batter into a strainer held over the boiling water to make the spaetzle dumplings. Remove them to a platter with a slotted wooden spoon as they rise to the surface.nMelt butter as needed over mediumlow heat in a saute pan to briefly saute the spaetzle.nTransfer to a serving dish and sprinkle with parsley., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground pepper, 4 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 to 4 tablespoons butter, as need to lightly saute spaetzle, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves from about a handful which has been rinsed and dried well in a salad spinner or with paper towels, before stripping from the stems], title: Send in the Clowns Spaetzle, picturelink: qmaLUmbBX9ZtF8Enu9mRge3TGp04ShW}, 11747: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the bao starter: In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, water, sugar and yeast. Let stand until puffed up and has bubbles on the surface, about 20 minutes.nFor the chocolate sauce: In a medium bowl, mix together the chips, butter and vanilla. Place the bowl over a barely simmering saucepan of water and stir until the chocolate has melted. Whisk in the cream until the mixture is smooth. Set aside to cool to room temperature.nFor the chocolate bao: In a large bowl, whisk together both flours, the cocoa powder, sugar, baking powder and salt. Add the flour mixture and oil to the starter and stir together while gradually adding 12 cup room temperature water. Stop adding water once the dough has come together enough to knead by hand. Dump the dough onto a lightlyfloured surface and knead until you have a smooth, satiny dough, 3 to 4 minutes. Return the dough to the bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Let the dough rise in a warm place until it has doubled in size, about 3 hours.nSpray a stainlesssteel steamer with vegetable oil cooking spray. Use your hands to roll the dough into a long log, about 2 inches wide and 12 inches long. Cut the log into 12 equal pieces. Place a few chocolate chips in the center of each dough piece and stretch the dough around the chips, pinching one end to form a ball. Place the ball seamside down onto a wax paper square. Continue with the remaining pieces of dough.nGently lower the bao in batches into a prepared steamer. Steam for 10 minutes, then carefully remove and let cool under a kitchen towel.nServe warm with chocolate sauce for dipping., ingredients: [13 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup lukewarm water, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 packet active dry yeast, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 12 cup heavy cream, 34 cup cake flour, 12 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 12 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, Vegetable oil cooking spray, for greasing], title: Chocolate Bao, picturelink: tNMiF9Z8GBcXcIcLtn5BMCe6mPdmX12}, 11748: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. High Altitude 35006500 ft: No change. Spray cookie sheet with cooking spray.nIf using crescent rolls: Unroll dough separate dough crosswise into 2 sections. Press dough to form 2 squares, firmly pressing perforations to seal. If using dough sheet: Unroll dough cut crosswise into 2 sections. Press dough to form 2 squares.nCut corners off both dough squares and reserve to use for cutouts. Place 1 dough round on cookie sheet. Cut cheese crosswise into 2 equal layers. Place bottom half of cheese on center of dough circle on cookie sheet. Spread cranberry sauce over cheese. Sprinkle with chopped pecans. Top with remaining cheese half. Bring dough up around side of cheese, pressing and pinching dough.nWith small cookie or canape cutter, cut shapes from reserved corners of dough set aside. Place remaining dough on top of cheese round. Press dough evenly around side of cheese. Brush dough with beaten egg. Top with cutouts brush with additional beaten egg.nBake 20 to 30 minutes or until deep golden brown. Cool 15 minutes before serving. To serve, place warm pastrywrapped cheese on platter. Arrange fruit around cheese., ingredients: [1 apple, unpeeled, sliced, 8 small seedless red or green grape clusters, 1 pear, unpeeled, sliced, 1 can 8 oz. Pillsbury u00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 1 can 8 oz. Pillsbury u00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu2122 refrigerated flaky dough sheet, 1 round 8 oz. Brie cheese, 3 tablespoons whole berry cranberry sauce or cranberry chutney, 1 tablespoon chopped pecans, 1 egg, beaten], title: CrescentWrapped Cranberry and Brie, picturelink: 8Hw4wT36N9SoooUIlmFFRiter.Fv6YG}, 11749: {instructions: Special equipment: a tortilla press a castiron comal smooth, flat griddle, optionalnFor the shredded turkey: Heat a large pot of water to just below a simmer and add the salt, pepper, oregano, cilantro and garlic. Poach the turkey legs in the barely simmering water for 2 hours. Remove the turkey and pat dry.nPrepare a grill for mediumhigh heat. Grill the turkey legs until nicely charred. Pull or shred the turkey and set aside.nFor the pickled red onions: Put the red onions in a mixing bowl with the vinegar, salt and 12 cup water. Mix well and let rest for 1 hour.nFor the black bean puree: In a medium saute pan, heat the oil or lard. Add the yellow and serrano chiles and fry lightly. Add the diced onions and saute until translucent, 4 to 5 minutes.nIn a blender, puree the black beans with just enough water to allow the mixture to run in the blender. Transfer the black bean puree to the pan with the onions and chiles and cook over mediumlow heat, 20 to 30 minutes. Add salt to taste.nFor the tortillas: Mix or knead the salt into the masa. Divide the masa into 15 balls. As you work, keep the masa balls in a bowl covered with plastic wrap to keep the dough from drying out. Add a bit of water if needed for a pliant masa.nHeat a comal smooth, flat griddle or skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot.nLine a tortilla press with a piece of plastic wrap. Put 1 ball of masa into the center of the press and cover with another piece of plastic wrap. Press down on the tortilla press until the tortilla is about 6 inches in diameter.nCarefully peel the plastic wrap off the tortilla and place the tortilla on the hot comal. When it no longer sticks to the comal, flip to the other side. Press the tortilla with a clean, folded kitchen cloth so that it puffs up. Press around the edges to make sure it puffs up all around and leave a few seconds more on the comal before removing the tortilla.nAlong the side, carefully slit the top layer of the tortilla that puffed upu00bfan opening of 1 inch will doand lift up all the way inside creating a pocket. The tortilla is still very hot, so be careful. Do not create too wide an opening, separate completely or tear. To cool, place on paper towels or a clean towel. Repeat the process with the remaining masa balls.nTake a cooled tortilla, carefully lift open the top and smear a teaspoonful of black bean puree inside the pocket. Press with your fingers to make sure the bean puree is spread evenly all around. Repeat the process with the remaining tortillas and black bean puree.nJust before serving, heat the comal over mediumhigh heat and add some vegetable oil. To finish the panuchos, place each one on the hot comal and toast until golden on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Remove to paper towels. This should be done just before you are ready to serve, as panuchos are best eaten freshly prepared.nTo assemble: Top each panucho with a piece of lettuce, shredded turkey, pickled red onions, a slice of tomato and a slice of avocado., ingredients: [Shredded Turkey:, 2 tablespoons table salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 2 sprigs fresh cilantro, 1 head garlic, cloves separated, 5 pounds turkey legs or thighs, Pickled Red Onions:, 2 medium red onions, very thinly julienned, 12 cup distilled white vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons table salt, Black Bean Puree:, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil or lard, 1 yellow hot chile, 1 serrano chile, 14 white onion, diced, 1 cup cooked black beans canned is fine, Salt, Tortillas:, 34 teaspoon table salt, 1 pound prepared corn masa dough for tortillas, Vegetable oil, for oiling the comal or griddle, 1 small head green leaf lettuce, leaves separated, 1 Roma tomato, cut into thin slices, 1 avocado, cut into thin slices], title: Panuchos, picturelink: X9PyBcDWFwcZZxUvNJ5lkZGMQ3jX0vm}, 11750: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd all the ingredients to a small serving bowl and combine well. If not using immediately, cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 1 teaspoon ground mustard, Pinch kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamy Parmesan Mustard Dip, picturelink: TD2wUsuhL05k3kJkdIwMeFtQm0m9YK}, 11751: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a deepfrying thermometer a pastry bag fitted with a large closedstar tip a pastry bag fitted with a large 316inch round tip 801nCombine the sanding sugar and cinnamon in a large shallow dish or pan thats large enough to roll the churros in at least 8inches wide. Set aside.nSet up a baking sheet lined with a bunch of paper towels for the finished churros.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring the butter, sugar, salt and 1 cup water to a boil. Reduce heat to low. Sift the flour into the saucepan and stir for about 1 minute. The mixture will immediately form a sticky ball.nTransfer the mixture to a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. With the mixer running on low, add the eggs one at a time. Mix until the eggs are well incorporated.nFill a Dutch oven or pan with 22 12 inches of oil and place it over high heat. You want the oil to be at 345 to 365 degrees F during the frying process use a thermometer to monitor the process closely. When the oil hits 340 degrees F, turn the heat down to medium and try to maintain the temperature range.nFit a pastry bag with a large closedstar tip and fill it 34 full with the churro dough.nSqueeze the dough directly into the oil in 4 inch lengths, using scissors or a paring knife to separate the dough from the bag. You can fry 4  5 churros at a time, use metal tongs to keep them separated in the pan, about 2 minutes on each side until the churros are deep golden all over.nGently remove the finished churros with tongs and place them directly into the cinnamonsugar mixture, rolling to coat them evenly. Place them on the paper towel lined sheet tray.nRepeat until youve used all the dough.nPoke a hole in the end of each churro with the tip of a paring knife. Fill a pastry bag fitted with a large 316inch, 801 round tip with the Rompope Pastry Cream. Take each churro, insert the pastry tip in the end and fill. Repeat until all churros are filled. Serve warm.nCombine the milk, almonds and granulated sugar in a blender and puree until smooth. Transfer to a pot, add the cinnamon stick and bring the mixture just to a boil over medium heat, scalding it.nMeanwhile, whisk together the egg yolks, cornstarch and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Slowly whisk in the scalded milk mixture, then return the mixture back to the pot over medium heat. Cook, whisking constantly, until thick and you can see the trails of your whisk, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter, then the rum. Cover the surface with plastic wrap to prevent a skin from forming and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [2 cups red andor green sanding sugar, 12 cup cinnamon, 1 stick 12 cup butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 extralarge eggs, 2 to 3 quarts vegetable oil, 1 recipe Rompope Pastry Cream, recipe follows, 2 cups milk, 13 cup blanched almonds, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 cinnamon stick 4 extralarge egg yolks, 14 cup cornstarch, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 13 cup dark rum], title: RompopeFilled Churros, picturelink: 0TxUdBpueDEGz5Iioim9uyyOTF0Q5Ni}, 11752: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine a 13 by 9inch cookie sheet with waxed paper, allowing 2 inches of paper to hang over sides. Melt all but 14 cup of semisweet chocolate morsels in microwave on medium power for 2 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds, or until smooth. Pour chocolate onto prepared sheet and spread to cover entire surface and form 1 even layer. Melt all but 14 cup of white chips in microwave on medium power for 2 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds, or until smooth. Drizzle melted white chocolate over semisweet chocolate layer. Using a toothpick or skewer, swirl the melted chocolates together, creating a marbled effect.nPlace nuts in a plastic bag and crush, using a rolling pin. Sprinkle chocolate with nuts and remaining semisweet and white morsels. Gently press toppings into melted chocolates. Refrigerate for 30 minutes, or until chocolate is firm. Remove waxed paper from chocolate. Cut or break chocolate into bitesize pieces., ingredients: [2 cups semisweet chocolate morsels, 2 cups white morsels recommended: Guittard ChocAuLait, 23 cup toasted macadamia nuts or toasted almonds, coarsely chopped], title: White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Bark, picturelink: j5dIHTCsjZIJB91dKhmp0HKvQ9ewu}, 11753: {instructions: Put a deep heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. Put in the beef, season with salt and pepper, and cook until it is well browned, about 1015 minutes. Remove the meat to a bowl with a slotted spoon and discard the fat from the pan. Pour half the broth into the pan and scrape up any browned bits.nPour this into the bowl of a slow cooker. Add the onions and put the meat on top. Add the chili seasoning, red pepper flakes, cinnamon, jalapeno, and garlic.nAdd the tomatoes with their juice and the remaining broth. Cover and cook on low for 46 hours. Taste, and adjust the seasoning. Serve garnished with spiced sour cream., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, One 2 12pound beef chuck roast, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 medium chopped yellow onions, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 small chopped jalapeno pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, One 28ounce can chopped tomatoes, 1 cup beef broth, Kosher salt, to taste, Black pepper, to taste, 12 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 scallions, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Beanless Beef Chili, picturelink: V5wtKkW8SyNo31l3e3eZQQav.tuTK3u}, 11754: {instructions: Pulse garlic and ginger in a food processor until finely chopped and transfer to a 12inch heavy skillet. Add oil and red pepper flakes, to taste, and cook over moderate heat, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute.nPulse tomatoes with salt and black pepper in processor until coarsely chopped and stir into oil in skillet. Cook, uncovered, over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Stir in okra and simmer, covered, until just tender, about 5 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 2 by 1 12inch piece peeled fresh ginger, chopped, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 34 to 14 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 3 large tomatoes, cored and quartered, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 pound small fresh okra, untrimmed], title: Fresh Okra with Tomatoes and Ginger, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 11755: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 F.nPeel, core, and cut each apple into 34 inch thick wedges. Place the apple wedges in a large mixing bowl, and toss gently with the lemon juice to prevent discoloration. Peel the bananas, and slice them crosswise 34 inch thing. Add the bananas to the apples and toss to coat evenly with lemon juice. Sprinkle the cinnamon over the fruits and toss well to combine.nMelt butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the fruit and saute until tender, about 30 seconds. Add the brown sugar and maple syrup and cook until the sugar is dissolved, 30 seconds longer, remove from heat.nPour the contents into a lightly buttered, nonreactive, 9 inch round baking dish. In a medium size bowl, beat the eggs, then stir in the milk and vanilla. Dip the bread slices into the egg mixture just to moisten both sides, then place them over the fruit in a single layer in the pan, making sure to cover the fruit entirely. Pour any leftover egg mixture over the bread. Let the mixture sit for 10 minutes. This can be prepared up to this point in advance, covered and refrigerated overnightnBake the French toast, uncovered until the top is golden, 3035 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes. Place a serving tray over the pan, and carefully turn them over to unmold the French toast. Spoon any syrup or fruit left in the pan over the bread, and serve at once., ingredients: [4 tart apples, such as McIntosh or Granny Smith, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 large ripe bananas, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 large eggs, 12 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 to 5 slices challah bread 1inch thick], title: UpsideDown Baked Apple French Toast, picturelink: null}, 11756: {instructions: Clean gills from mushrooms. Combine goat cheese, thyme, 1 teaspoon lemon juice mix well. Stuff seasoned goat cheese into mushroom cavity. Grill stuffed mushrooms 10 to 15 minutes, add lemons and bread to the grill. Combine garlic, mayonnaise and remaining 1 teaspoon lemon juice for aioli. Spread aioli generously onto bun. Add arugula, grilled mushroom and grilled lemons to burger., ingredients: [4 portobello mushrooms stemmed, 5 ounces goat cheese, 1ounce thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, divided, 2 lemon, sliced, 4 whole wheat buns, 2 bunches arugula, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 cup mayonnaise], title: Stuffed Portobello Mushroom Burger with Grilled Lemons and Garlic Aioli, picturelink: null}, 11757: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the cumin, cardamom, salt, and pepper.nIn 1 large nonstick skillet, working in batches, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in each pan over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking. Add half the onions and half the tomatoes in one layer to each pan, and cook for 3 minutes.nTurn the vegetables over, sprinkle them with the spice mixture, and cook until they are just tender, about 3 minutes more. Divide the vegetables between 4 heated plates, placing 2 slices of each vegetable per plate.nTo each skillet, add 1 tablespoon oil per pan. Pat the lamb chops dry, season with salt and pepper, and saute, 4 in each pan, over moderately high heat, for 5 minutes on each side, for mediumrare, and arrange them on top of the vegetables., ingredients: [12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 large onions, cut into 8 14inch slices, 2 to 3 medium tomatoes, cut into 8 12inch slices, 8 34inch thick rib lamb chops], title: Lamb Chops on Spiced Tomatoes and Onions, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 11758: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 muffin tins, 18 cupcake liners, a pastry bagnFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 cupcake tins with 18 cupcake liners.nMix the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt in medium bowl. Set aside.nWith an electric mixer on medium speed, beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. One at a time, beat in the eggs. Mix in the buttermilk, food coloring, vanilla and vinegar. On low speed, gradually beat in the flour mixture until just blended do not overbeat. Spoon the batter into the cupcake liners, filling them twothirds full.nBake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool the cupcakes in the tins on a wire rack for 5 minutes. Remove from the tins cool completely.nRemove part of the center of each cupcake, going in only halfway.nFor the frosting: In a stand mixer, whip the butter until light and creamy. Slowly whisk in the confectioners sugar, one cup at a time, scrapping down the bowl as needed. Add the cream, vanilla and salt and whisk until light and fluffy.nTransfer the frosting to a piping bag. Pipe frosting into the hollowed out center of each cupcake and then swirl around to cover the top. Arrange white cotton candy in a puffy bunch on top of the cupcakes. Top with a black fondant spider., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup dark cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 large eggs, room temperature, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 ounce red food coloring, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar, 1 pound 4 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 5 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 10 ounces white cotton candy, 18 black fondant spiders], title: Red Velvet Spider Cupcakes, picturelink: rGH63w9HREy.tWhGXGPjLPqWzeK4zH2}, 11759: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the steak pieces between 2 pieces of plastic wrap or parchment and pound to 14 inch thickness. Cut into 4 equal pieces, diagonally, against the grain.nIn a small bowl, whisk together 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, sugar and garlic. Put the steak into a sealable plastic bag with the marinade and let sit for 30 minutes at room temperature, or 1 hour in the refrigerator.nIn the meantime, in a small bowl combine the blue cheese and buttermilk with a fork, mashing until creamy. Stir in the Worcestershire and set aside.nSpray a large grill pan with cooking spray and preheat over mediumhigh heat. Cut the onion into 14inch rounds brush both sides with the remaining tablespoon of oil and grill 6 minutes per side. Separate into rings and set aside.nRemove the meat from the marinade and season both sides with salt and pepper. Discard the marinade. Cook the meat in the grill pan over mediumhigh heat for about 3 minutes per side for medium rare.nArrange 3 radicchio leaves and a pile of onions on each serving plate. Top with a piece of steak. Drizzle with blue cheese sauce and top with a sprinkling of parsley., ingredients: [1 14 pounds beef flank steak, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons crumbled blue cheese, 2 tablespoons lowfat buttermilk, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 1 medium red onion, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 radicchio leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley leaves], title: Marinated Flank Steak with Blue Cheese Sauce, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 11760: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs, adding the broccolini during the last 3 minutes. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large, deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the jalapeno and cook, stirring, until softened, about 1 minute. Add the beans, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the beans start to crisp, about 3 minutes.nAdd the pasta and broccolini to the skillet along with 12 cup of the reserved cooking water and the pecorino. Cook, stirring, until the pasta is coated, adding more of the reserved cooking water as needed to loosen season with salt and pepper. Top each serving with the mozzarella and more grated pecorino drizzle with olive oil.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces long fusilli pasta or regular fusilli, 2 bunches broccolini about 1 pound, trimmed and roughly chopped, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 red jalapeno pepper, halved, seeded and thinly sliced, 2 15.5ounce cans butter beans, drained and rinsed, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup grated pecorino romano or parmesan cheese, plus more for serving, 1 cup halved bocconcini or pearl mozzarella balls 8 ounces], title: Fusilli with Broccolini and Beans, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 11761: {instructions: Special equipment: 16 bamboo skewers, 6 inches longnFor the Dijon mayo: Combine the mayonnaise, mustard, lemon juice and cayenne and mix well. Set aside.nFor the batter: Mix the buttermilk, oil and eggs together. Mix the cornmeal, flour, parsley, Creole seasoning, baking powder and baking soda together. Combine, adding the wet to the dry. Set aside.nFor the plate: Heat oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees F. Skewer each shrimp through the tail towards the head. Combine the flour and cornstarch and dust over the shrimp. Next, dip the shrimp in the batter, rubbing off any excess.nHold the shrimp by the stick, two at a time if able, and place in the oil, holding the stick until the batter starts to cook. Then let go and fry until the shrimp is cooked, about 4 minutes. Repeat with the remaining shrimp.nServe the shrimp with the Dijon mayo dipping sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Pinch cayenne pepper, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 eggs, 2 12 cups cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon Creole seasoning, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Oil, for frying, 16 shrimp, tail on, peeled and deveined, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornstarch], title: Shrimp Corn Dogs, picturelink: ERKTrtRd8XjLMTVAecUxVaxZoU9JFPC}, 11762: {instructions: Combine the starter and water in a 6quart bowl. Break up the starter well with a wooden spoon and stir until it loosens and the mixture is slightly frothy. Add the rye flour and stir until well combined. Add the whole wheat flour, salt, caraway seeds, and just enough of the bran flour to make a thick mass that is difficult to stir. Turn out onto a wellfloured surface and knead, adding remaining flour when needed, until dough is soft and smooth, 15 to 17 minutes, or make in a heavyduty mixer. All finished rye doughs will remain slightly sticky. Be cautious about adding too much flour when kneading. The dough is ready when a little pulled from the mass springs back quickly.nShape the dough into a ball and let it rest on a lightly floured surface while you scrape, clean, and lightly oil the large bowl. Place the dough in the bowl and turn once to coat with oil. Take the doughs temperature ideal temperature is 78 degrees. Cover with a clean damp towel or plastic wrap and place in a moderately warm 74 to 80 degrees draft free place until doubled in volume.nDeflate the dough by pushing down in the center and pulling up on the sides. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and knead briefly. Cut into 2 equal pieces. Flatten each with the heel of your hand. Shape each piece into a 12inch log for long loaves.nUsing 2 wellfloured towels and wood blocks, make a couche in a moderately warm draftfree place. Place the loaves seam side up the couche. Cover with a clean damp towel or plastic wrap and let proof until almost doubled in volume, or until a slight indentation remains when the dough is pressed with the fingertip.nPreheat the oven and baking stone on the center rack of the oven to 450 degrees, 45 minutes to 1 hour before baking. The oven rack must be in the center of the oven. If it is in the lower 13 of the oven the bottom of the breads may burn, and if it is in the upper 13, the top crusts may burn. Gently slip the loaves from the couche onto a wellfloured peel so that they are right side up. Using a very sharp, serrated knife or a singleedged razor blade, score the loaves by making quick shallow cuts 14 to 12inch deep along the surface.nUsing the peel, slide the loaves onto the hearth. Quickly spray the inner walls and floor of the oven with cold water from a spritzer bottle. If theres an electric light bulb in the oven, avoid spraying it directlyit may burst. Spray for several seconds until steam has filled the oven. Quickly close the door to trap the steam and bake 3 minutes. Spray again in the same way, closing the door immediately so that steam doesnt escape. Bake until loaves begin to color, about 20 minutes. Reduce the heat to 375 degrees and bake until loaves are a rich caramel color and the crusts are firm, another 15 to 20 minutes.nTo test the loaves for doneness, remove and hold the loaves upside down. Strike the bottoms firmly with your finger. If the sound is hollow, the breads are done. If it doesnt sound hollow, bake 5 minutes longer. Cool completely on wire racks.nNote: If the dough temperature is higher than 78 degrees, put it in a cooler than 78 degree place like the refrigerator, until the dough cools to 78 degrees. If it is lower than 78 degrees, put in it a warmer than 78 degree place until the dough warms to 78 degrees. The point is to try to keep the dough at 78 degrees during its fermentation. If you do have to move the dough, be gentle and dont jostle it, or the dough may deflate.nCoucheFrench for couch or resting place. This is a simple holding device you make yourself for proofing long loaves like logs, torpedo shapes, and baguettes. Using wellfloured canvas or linen towels create folds to separate loaves while hold them securely next to each other during proofing. Use a length of fabric at least a yard long. Place 12 to 16inch wooden blocks cut from 2 by 4s at either long end to contain the loaves. Or substitute large books to contain the loaves.nPlace the chef in a tall 2 to 3quart flat bottomed, round, clear plastic container with a tight fitting lid. Add the rye flour and spring water, and stir vigorously with a wooden spoon until the mixture becomes thick and pasty. Mark the level of the mixture on the side of the container with a black marking pen. Scrape down, cover tightly, and let stand in a moderately warm 74 to 80 degree draftfree place until almost doubled in volume, 8 to 10 hours. The mixture will look light and spongy. You can observe the level of sourdough by using the black mark on the side of the container as an indicator. Do not let the sourdough ferment for longer than 10 hours, or the yeast may exhaust itself and the dough may not rise properly. The ripe chef has now produced 18 ounces of ripe sourdough, which you can use in any rye sourdough recipe.nThe Rye Chef: Day 1 12 cup 4 fluid ounces spring water 23 cup 3 ounces organic stoneground rye flour, preferably medium groundnIn a tall 2 to 3quart clear plastic container with a tightfitting lid, stir together the water and flour. Scrape down the sides of the container with a rubber spatula. Cover tightly and put in moderate 74 to 80 degree place for 24 hours.nDay 2 12 cup 4 fluid ounces spring water 23 cup 3 ounces organic stoneground rye flour, preferably medium groundnOpen the container. The young chef will probably show few signs of activity the mixture will look like cardboard pulp. Dont worry Its still a young chef. It will, however, have a sweet and musty smell and the beginnings of a tangy taste. Continue building the chef by adding the water and rye flour. Stir vigorously to bring fresh oxygen into the chef and distribute the fresh flour and water. Scrape down the sides, cover tightly and put in a moderate 74 to 80 degrees place for another 24 hours.nDay 3 12 cup 4 fluid ounces spring water 23 cup 3 ounces organic stoneground rye flour, preferably medium groundnThe chef should have expanded noticeably. There should be bubbles on the surface. Taste it it will have a pronounced sour taste and smell. Hold the container up and observe the large and small holes formed beneath the surface. Stir it with a wooden spoon you should hear the faint crackle of gas bubbles popping. The chef is very much alive and maturing. Insert the spoon again and lift it up slowly. Short glutinous strands will stick to the spoon. Once again, nourish the chef by vigorously stirring in another addition of the spring water and rye flour. Scrape down the sides, cover tightly again, and return to its moderatetemperature place. Let stand for another 24 hours.nDay 4 12 cup 4 fluid ounces spring water 23 cup 3 ounces organic stoneground rye flour, preferably medium groundnThe chef is almost mature and ripe. It has expanded a great deal maybe almost doubled in volume from Day 3, and it is very lively with bubbles and a welldeveloped cellular structure. You will see a honeycomb of large and small holes through the clear plastic container. Taste and smell the chef it is pungent and unmistakably tangy, sour but not bitter. Nourish again with the last addition of spring water and rye flour, stirring vigorously. Using a black marker pen, mark the level of the chef on the side of the clear plastic container. Scrape down the sides, cover tightly, and let stand again in the same place for only 8 hours.nIf your chef was ripe, the mixture should almost double in volume. You can check its growth by comparing the height of the risen chef against the mark you made on the side of the container before the last rising.nThe chef is now ready to use to create your sourdough starter. If you are not going to make the starter immediately, refrigerate the chef in its tightly covered container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 cups 18 ounces rye sourdough starter, recipe follows, 3 cups spring water, 1 34 cups 9 ounces rye flour, 1 34 cups 9 ounces whole wheat flour, 1 34 ounce tablespoon fine sea salt, 14 cup 1 ounce caraway seeds, 4 to 5 cups 20 to 25 ounces 20 percent bran wheat flour, 1 cup 9ounces ripe rye chef, at room temperature, 1 cup 5ounces rye flour, preferably medium ground, 12 cup 4 fluid ounces spring water], title: Sourdough Rye with Caraway Seeds, picturelink: null}, 11763: {instructions: Thinly slice the tuna and arrange in a shallow dish. Pour the lemon juice and orange juice over it and let marinate at room temperature for 1 hour.nPlace shallots in a small bowl and whisk in lemon juice and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.nSeason arugula with salt and pepper. Mound salad on a platter and arrange the slices of tuna around it. Lightly season both the salad and the tuna with sea salt and add a splash of vin cotto. Mangia., ingredients: [12 pound sashimi grade tuna, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 orange, juiced, 1 tablespoon minced shallots or red onion, 12 lemon, juiced, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 bunch baby arugula, rinsed well, Sea salt from Trapani, Splash orangeflavored vin cotto], title: Carpaccio di Tonno, picturelink: null}, 11764: {instructions: Scrub lemon. Grate zest. Combine in bowl with butter and honey and whip with wooden spoon until pale and fluffy. Halve lemon and squeeze 1 tablespoon juice. Whip into butter, a teaspoon at a time.nWith sharp bread knife, slice crust from all sides of the loaf, trimming to make a neat rectangle. Cut lengthwise into slices about 14 inch thick 8 long rectangles. Lay 4 slices side by side on each of two cutting boards. Scoop a tablespoon of butter onto each slice. With flexible spatula, spread evenly to edges. Chill.nQuarter onion, cutting through poles. Cut lengthwise into thin slices. Arrange 4 slices on each long bread slice to nearly cover, leaving a little space between onions. Sprinkle a stripe of dill down the center of each long slice. Press bread rectangles tightly together to make a singlelayer rectangle about 16 by 7 inches. Cover each with wax paper. Press down with a rolling pin to flatter slightly. Chill until serving time.nTo serve, grind over pepper and sprinkle with salt. Cut each long slice into 4 sections, cutting between onion for tidiness. Halve each if you like small canapes. Serve at once, so the salt remains crunchy., ingredients: [1 lemon, 14 pound butter 8 tablespoons, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons fullflavored honey, 1 rectangular loaf about 8 by 5 inches firm dark bread not sliced, 1 large sweetmild onion, peeled, 3 tablespoons minced dill, Pepper, Coarse sea salt, preferably fleur de sel], title: Sweet OnionLemon Butter Canapes, picturelink: null}, 11765: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPull out the soft center of the baguette and pull into small pieces. Reserve the crust for another use. In a saute pan, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat. When the butter is very hot, add the breadcrumbs and cook, stirring constantly, until dark golden brown and crunchy, 7 to 10 minutes. Stir in the paprika and salt to taste. Transfer the breadcrumbs to a paper towellined plate. Set aside.nIn a heavybottomed 12inch skillet, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter over medium heat. Add the cabbage, rosemary and 14 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the cabbage starts to wilt, about 5 minutes. Add the hard cider, stir, cover and cook until the liquid evaporates, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the lid and add 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar. Stir constantly until the cabbage is completely tender, about 3 minutes. Season to taste, adding more apple cider vinegar if desired, and top with the sauteed breadcrumbs. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 baguette, split, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Pinch of paprika, Kosher salt, One 1 to 1 12pound head red cabbage, quartered, cored and thinly sliced 8 cups, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons hard cider, plus more if necessary, 2 to 4 tablespoons best quality apple cider vinegar], title: Braised Red Cabbage, picturelink: Nmji0ZVMqP2y26do5MqWo14GwXOpDm}, 11766: {instructions: For the sauce: In the bowl of a food processor, add the onions, celery and capers and process until finely chopped. Mix the chopped vegetables with the mayonnaise, relish, seafood seasoning, pepper and celery salt.nFor the catfish: Preheat the deep fryer to 325 degrees F. In the bowl of a food processor, add the cornmeal, flour, pecans, seafood seasoning and celery salt and pulse until combined. In a separate bowl, whisk the eggs. Dip the catfish slices in the eggs, then coat the catfish in the cornmeal mixture. Fry the fish until golden brown. Serve the hot catfish with remoulade sauce on the side., ingredients: [12 cup roughly chopped red onions, 14 cup roughly chopped celery, 3 tablespoons capers, 2 cups mayonnaise, 14 cup sweet relish, 2 tablespoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon celery salt, 1 cup selfrising cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup pecan pieces, 3 tablespoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 3 eggs, Sixteen 1 12ounce pieces catfish], title: Catfish Fingers with Cajun Remoulade Sauce, picturelink: iuWbyP.36XS2cXiOvRV6hTEpb1Hu79G}, 11767: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoarsely chop the turkey meat and pulse process in a food processor into a fine chop.nHeat a large, deep skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat with the EVOO, a couple turns of the pan. Add the bacon and render until crispy. Add the garlic, chiles and onions. Season with cumin and some pepper. Saute until tender, about 10 minutes. Add the turkey, cilantro, tomatoes and lime juice. Then add the gravy or stock to moisten. Warm through and season with salt. Remove from the heat.nChar the tortillas and blister in a hot dry skillet or over an open flame on a gas burner, 30 to 40 seconds per side.nIn a sauce pot over medium heat, melt the butter. Then whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in the milk, and season with salt and pepper. Cook the mixture until it thickens and coats the back of a spoon. Stir in twothirds of the cheese to melt, then stir in the green chiles.nFill the tortillas with the turkey and bacon mixture and arrange in a large baking dish. Pour the sauce evenly over the enchiladas. Then top with the remaining cheese. Cool and store for a makeahead meal.nTo bake the enchiladas, bring to room temperature and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bake the enchiladas until brown and bubbly, about 40 minutes if from the fridge, or 20 to 25 minutes if still warm from the initial preparation.nServe and top the enchiladas with lettuce, avocado, lime, tomatoes, onions and creme fraiche., ingredients: [1 roasted turkey breast 2 to 2 12 pounds cooked breast meat, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 3 to 4 ounces center cut smoky bacon or applewood bacon, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 jalapeno or Fresno chiles, chopped seed the chiles for a milder filling, 2 medium or 1 large onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, scant palmful, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh cilantro or parsley leaves, finely chopped, 2 tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 1 lime, juiced, About 1 cup leftover gravy, or turkey or chicken stock, Salt, 16 corn tortillas or twelve 6inch flour tortillas, 4 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 12 cups milk, 3 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese or combo of Monterey and Pepper Jack, One 4ounce tin diced green chiles, well drained, Chopped or shredded iceberg or Romaine heart lettuce, Diced avocado with lime juice, Seeded diced tomatoes, Chopped red onion or scallions, Creme fraiche or Mexican crema or sour cream, for dolloping], title: Turkey Club Enchilada Casserole, picturelink: r7pKOev1cLOZHbobt65TGQ7XWJ17UbO}, 11768: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 pastry bags, a 12inch tip and a medium tipnFor the puffs: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPut the butter, sugar, salt and 1 12 cups water in a saucepan over medium heat and bring to a simmer, stirring to melt the butter. Remove from the heat and stir in the flour with a wooden spoon to make a paste. Return to the heat and cook, stirring constantly, until the paste is shiny and pulls away from the pan, 6 to 7 minutes. Cool slightly.nTransfer the paste to a stand mixer and beat with the paddle attachment on mediumlow speed to cool, 1 minute. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time. Scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed.nTransfer the dough to a large pastry bag with a 12inch tip. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper, dabbing a bit of dough under the corners to keep the paper in place. Pipe 1 12inch balls of dough onto the paper. Smooth the dough peaks with a wet finger.nBake until puffed, 15 to 20 minutes, then lower the temperature to 350 degrees F and bake until golden, about 15 minutes. Turn off the oven keep the puffs inside 10 minutes to dry out. Pierce each puff with a dry piping tip transfer to a rack to cool.nFor the white chocolate: While the puffs are baking and cooling, bring a small saucepan of water to a simmer. Combine the white chocolate with the heavy cream in a small metal bowl and set it on top of the saucepan without touching the water. Heat, stirring, until the white chocolate melts and the mixture is smooth. Set aside to cool.nFor the whipped cream filling: Using a stand mixer or hand mixer and a whisk attachment, beat the heavy cream with the confectioners sugar until soft peaks form. Whisk in the cooled white chocolate mixture.nTo assemble: Add the whipped cream filling to a pastry bag fitted with a medium tip. Fill each puff with a few tablespoons of the mixture through the hole already punched into it. Set aside.nFor the caramel: Mix the granulated sugar, corn syrup and 1 cup water in a saucepan, cover and bring to a boil over high heat dont stir. Uncover and boil, swirling the pan, until the syrup turns deep amber, about 20 minutes.nImmediately dip the bottom of the saucepan in a large bowl of ice water for a few seconds to stop the cooking. Transfer the caramel to a liquid measuring cup and cool slightly it should still be liquid. Be carefulthe caramel will still be hotnDraw a 7inch circle on parchment paper. Partially dip each filled puff into the caramel and let the excess drip off if the caramel hardens, microwave until soft, 45 seconds. Arrange the puffs around the circle on the parchment. Fill the base circle with more puffs for stability, then continue building a conical tower of smaller circles. Top the tower with a single puff. Line your work surface with parchment paperthe next step can be messy.nDip the tip of a fork into the caramel and quickly wave it in circles around the tower to create a web of caramel strands. Repeat. Let set, then slide 2 spatulas under the paper and transfer the croquembouche to a platter. Tear off the excess paper around the base.nTo serve, crack the caramel web with the back of a knife, then dismantle the tower and transfer the cream puffs to plates., ingredients: [10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 12 teaspoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 6 large eggs, 5 ounces white chocolate discs, 13 cup heavy cream, 1 12 cups chilled heavy cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 3 cups granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons light corn syrup], title: Croquembouche, picturelink: null}, 11769: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9 by 5inch loaf pan. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, salt, cocoa powder, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and allspice.nIn a large bowl, beat the sugars, oil, applesauce, eggs, and vanilla extract to blend. Add the dry ingredients and stir until just blended. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the top with a spatula. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool the cake for 10 minutes. Unmold the cake and place on a wire rack to cool completely. Dust with powdered sugar and cut into slices for serving., ingredients: [Butter, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for pan, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 23 cup vegetable oil, 13 cup unsweetened applesauce, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Halloween Spice Cake, picturelink: 8Hw4wT36N9SoooUIlmFFRiter.Fv6YG}, 11770: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nPlace the plantains in a baking dish, and drizzle them with the vegetable oil, and season with salt to taste.nBroil the plantains for 5 to 7 minutes, or until they are slightly caramelized. Sprinkle the cheese and green onions over the plantains and continue broiling for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the cheese melts.nTransfer the plantains to a serving dish and garnish with the Pickled Topping and fresh cilantro leaves.nIn a small pot, bring the white wine vinegar, water and cinnamon stick to a boil. Add in the shallot, jalapenos, and sugar, and then remove the pot from the heat. Adjust the seasonings with salt, if desired, and let the mixture set for 10 minutes.nDiscard the cinnamon stick, and strain the liquid, reserving the pickled shallots, and jalapenos for the Plantain Gratin., ingredients: [4 ripe plantains, peeled and halved lengthwise, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 1 cup grated aged white Cheddar cheese, 3 green onions, trimmed and chopped, Pickled Topping, recipe follows, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup water, 12 cinnamon stick, 1 shallot, cut into 14inch thick slices, 2 jalapenos, seeded and cut into 14inch thick slices, 1 tablespoon sugar, Kosher salt], title: Plantain Gratin, picturelink: null}, 11771: {instructions: For the recado negro paste: Bring a large pot of water to a boil.nIn a skillet over high heat, char the arbol chiles until black on all sides, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat and saute the garlic and onions until translucent. Add the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. Continue cooking for 5 minutes. Set aside.nIn a blender, blend the charred chiles with the coarse salt, cumin, allspice, cloves, garlic and oregano. Add a little water and blend until a paste forms. Remove from the blender and pour into the pot of boiling water. Add the tomato mixture and the turkey. Let simmer until the turkey is falloffthebone tender, about 2 hours.nFor the boot: Mix the meat with the garlic, onions and tomatoes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the cooked egg whites, raw egg and epazote. Form a large meatball with the cooked egg yolks in the middle. Wrap and bind in cheesecloth. Add to the broth during the last hour of cooking the turkey.nRemove the boot and unwrap the cheesecloth. Cut into slices. Remove the turkey, and carve. Serve one slice of the boot with a few pieces of turkey and spoon over some of the recado negro paste. Eat with tortillas., ingredients: [20 chile de arbol, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 onion, chopped, 2 tomatoes, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon coarse sea salt, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, toasted, 5 whole allspice, 5 whole cloves, 5 large cloves garlic, peeled and charred, 2 sprigs fresh oregano, One 6 12pound3 kg turkey, 1 pound450g ground beef, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 tomato, seeded and diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 hardcooked eggs separate whites and yolks, 1 raw egg, A few sprigs epazote, chopped, Tortilla, for serving], title: Relleno Negro Black Turkey Stew, picturelink: null}, 11772: {instructions: 1. Tie parsley, tarragon, and thyme sprigs and bay leaf together with kitchen twine and place in a large saucepan with onion, carrots, celery, lemon zest, and chicken breasts. Pour in broth and bring to a boil over high heat. Immediately reduce heat to low and skim surface. Cover and cook until chicken is firm to touch, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and transfer chicken to a platter. When chicken is cool enough to handle, pull meat in large strips from bones discard bones.n2. Add asparagus, peas, and mushrooms to broth. Cook until vegetables are tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove herb bundle, return chicken to broth and cook until heated through, 2 to 3 more minutes. Pour soup into 4 large bowls and garnish with chopped parsley and tarragon., ingredients: [3 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, plus 1 tablespoon chopped, 3 sprigs fresh tarragon, plus 1 tablespoon chopped, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 medium carrots, sliced, 1 stalk celery, sliced, 3 long strips lemon zest, 4 bonein chicken breast halves about 2 12 to 3 pounds, skin removed, 4 cups canned lowsodium chicken broth, or homemade, 1 bunch medium asparagus, thick ends trimmed, cut into 1inch segments, 13 cup fresh or frozen peas, 5 medium shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced], title: Herb Chicken Soup with Spring Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 11773: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker and mix with ice. Serve in a chilled martini glass with a coffee bean garnish., ingredients: [1 12 ounces Van Gogh Double Espresso Vodka, 1 12 ounces Stoli Vanil Vodka, 2 ounce fresh brewed espresso, room temperature], title: Starry Starry Night, picturelink: InK4lsODpkB3mvcZJAVllFUa47HIslm}, 11774: {instructions: Preheat oven to 475 degrees F.nPut roast, rib side down, in center of a 13 by 9inch flameproof roasting pan and rub all over with 12 tablespoon oil. Cut about 12inch from tops of garlic heads to expose cloves and discard tops. Rub beef all over with cut sides of garlic and sprinkle with 2 tablespoons thyme, pressing to adhere. Season beef generously with salt and pepper. Put garlic heads on a double layer of foil and drizzle with remaining 12 tablespoon oil. Wrap garlic tightly in foil.nRoast beef in middle of oven 30 minutes. Remove beef from oven and with a bulb baster, skim all but about 12 cup fat from pan. Baste beef with fat remaining in pan.nReduce temperature to 375 degrees F.nAdd garlic to oven. Roast the beef, with garlic, for 1 14 to 1 12 hours more, or until a meat thermometer inserted into center of meat registers 115 degrees. Transfer garlic in foil to a rack and transfer beef to a platter, reserving pan juices. Let beef stand 25 minutes. Meat will continue to cook reaching about 130 degrees for mediumrare.nWhile beef is standing, remove all but about 2 tablespoons fat from pan. Add shallot to pan and on top of stove cook over moderate heat, stirring, 2 minutes. Unwrap garlic. Protecting your hand with a double paper towel, squeeze roasted garlic into shallot mixture and discard skins. Add vinegar, wine, bay leaf, and remaining tablespoon thyme and boil mixture, scraping up browned bits and mashing garlic with a wooden spatula against bottom of pan, until reduced to about 12 cup, about 5 minutes.nIf using demiglace, stir into garlic mixture and boil sauce until reduced to about 2 cups, about 5 minutes. Whisk in butter. If using beef broth, in a small bowl mash together butter and flour to make a beurre manie. Stir beef broth into garlic mixture and boil sauce until reduced to about 2 cups. Whisk beurre manie into broth mixture and cook over moderate heat, whisking, until sauce is smooth and slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. Pour sauce through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on solids. Season with salt and pepper.nCut rib roast into slices and serve with sauce., ingredients: [1 7 to 8 pound trimmed prime beef rib roast sometimes called standing rib roast 3 or 4 ribs, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 heads garlic, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup minced shallot, 2 tablespoons redwine vinegar, 1 12 cups dry red wine, 1 bay leaf, 3 cups veal or beef demiglace or 4 cups beef broth, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, if using beef broth], title: Rib Roast with Garlic Thyme Sauce, picturelink: null}, 11775: {instructions: Preheat grill. Brush steaks with oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 1 minute on each side just to obtain grill marks Remove and slice each steak into 8 slices.nPlace 1 cup of mizuna on each plate. Divide avocado and tomatoes among plates. Drizzle with the wasabi vinaigrette.nWhisk together all ingredients until combined. Season with salt and pepper to taste, ingredients: [2 ahi tuna steaks 6 ounces each, Peanut oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 avocados, peeled, pitted and thinly sliced, 4 cups mizuna leaves, 2 plum tomatoes, finely chopped, Wasabi vinaigrette, recipe follows, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons wasabi paste, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Ahi Tuna Sashimi Strips with Mizuna and Avocado, picturelink: null}, 11776: {instructions: Make roux by melting butter over mediumlow heat in a 1 12 gallon heavy stockpot. Add onions and saute until translucent. Reduce heat to low, add flour, and stir to blend. Cook for 2 to 4 minutes over low heat, stirring frequently. Set aside to cool.nMake stock. In a separate pot, bring to a boil the clams and natural clam juice. Reduce the heat and let simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. In another large pot, cover potatoes with cold water. Bring to a boil and cook until soft. Drain and set aside.nAdd the hot stock to the cooled roux and whisk thoroughly until smooth. Slowly bring to a boil. Reduce heat and add cooked potatoes. Whisk in halfandhalf, being careful not to smash potatoes. Simmer for 5 to 10 minutes.nServe in warm soup bowls and sprinkle with a dash of paprika.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 cup salted butter, 3 cups diced onions, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 quart minced sea clams, 1 12 quarts natural clam juice, 1 12 quarts halfandhalf, or more or less depending on desired taste, 1 pound diced, peeled potatoes, Dash Spanish paprika], title: The Mooring Restaurant Chowder, picturelink: null}, 11777: {instructions: 1. Put the raisins, fennel seeds, and 2 tablespoons water in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat, cover and let steep for 5 minutes.n2. Pulse the garlic, olives, lemon juice, and olive oil until coarsely chopped. Add the raisin mixture and pulse 4 or 5 times. Spoon onto the crostini and season with a few cracks of freshly ground pepper.n3. Spoon tapenade onto toasts, arrange on a platter. Serve., ingredients: [14 cup golden raisins, 14 to 12 teaspoon fennel or anise seeds, 12 to 1 clove garlic, 1 cup pitted green olives, such as picholine, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice or orange juice, 3 to 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 Ficelle thin baguette, thinly sliced and toasted], title: Green and Gold Tapenade Crostini, picturelink: null}, 11778: {instructions: Put the nuts and herbs in the food processor and whiz up. The mixture will be fine, but should still have texture, not be completely pulverized.nCook the spaghetti in boiling, salted water until al dente. Drain. Toss in a bowl with the nuts reserving some for garnish, olive oil, cheese, and orange zest, to taste, if using. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 ounces almonds, shelled, 2 ounces pine nuts, 2 ounces pistachios, shelled, 1 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves picked, 1 bunch fresh mint, leaves picked, 12 ounces spaghetti, Kosher salt, Splash olive oil, Parmesan cheese, for grating, Zest of 1 orange, optional], title: Nutty Pasta, picturelink: null}, 11779: {instructions: null, ingredients: [1 package wholewheat or gluten free macaroni, cooked, 1 12 cups butternut squash, cut into small cubes, boiled and pureed, 1 cup lowfat organic milk, 1 tablespoons organic butter or butter alternative, 3 tablespoons nonfat Greek yogurt, 1 cup grated or shredded partskim Cheddar preferably sharp, 12 cup grated or shredded partskim jack cheese, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Small amount shredded Parmesan, for garnish], title: Healthy MacnCheese, picturelink: null}, 11780: {instructions: Soak red cabbage in cold water to remove blue dye. Toss all ingredients together and let stand, refrigerated for 1 to 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [12 red cabbage, shredded, 2 whole green cabbages, shredded, 2 carrots, shredded, 2 red onions, thinly sliced, 2 cups mayonnaise, 34 cup red vinegar, 12 cup sugar, Salt and pepper], title: Ginger Coleslaw, picturelink: 76Eov.l5CPVGXPr84SNw.MyFem3j9cK}, 11781: {instructions: Put the first 9 ingredients into a food processor along with just the juice from the canned tomatoes. Process on low for about 10 seconds, until mixture is evenly chopped and mixed well.nAdd the tomatoes and process them into the salsa. This should take about 5 seconds at low speed.nPour salsa into a bowl and serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [3 Roma tomatoes, 3 jalapeno peppers, 2 serrano peppers, 12 cup unpacked cilantro, 12 lime, juiced, 2 teaspoons white vinegar, 1 large clove garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 14 12 ounce can whole tomatoes, drained, and juice reserved], title: Firehouse Salsa, picturelink: null}, 11782: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThirty minutes before roasting the prime rib, remove from the refrigerator and let come to room temperature.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMake small slits all over the prime rib and fill each slit with a slice of the garlic. Season liberally with the salt and coarse pepper, place on a rack set inside a roasting pan and roast for about 2 hours until mediumrare, or until a thermometer inserted into the center of the meat registers 135 degrees F. Remove the meat to a platter, and tent with foil to keep warm.nPlace the roasting pan on top of the stove over 2 burners set on high heat. Add the wine to the pan drippings in the pan and cook over high heat until reduced, scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the stock and cook until reduced by half. Whisk in the thyme and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSlice meat as desired and serve with thyme au jus., ingredients: [1 bonein prime rib 6 to 7 pounds, 8 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 2 cups red wine, 4 cups beef stock, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves], title: Roast Prime Rib with Thyme Au Jus, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 11783: {instructions: Prepare a hot, cleaned and oiled grill. On a plate, mix together the chile powder, black pepper and sugar. Season the tenderloin with salt and roll in the spice mix. Place tenderloin on the grill and cook on all sides for a total cooking time of only 5 to 7 minutes. Let rest for 5 minutes before slicing. We want the meat rare and warm on the inside.nIn a heavy saucepan, coat with oil and saute bacon until brown. Add the beans, onion, carrot, celery, garlic and fermented beans. Saute for 3 minutes. Season and cover with bean water. Check for seasoning. Cook on low heat until beans are soft but still intact, about 1 to 1 12 hours. Add corn and vinegar and cook 5 minutes more. Check again for seasoning.nIn a nonreactive pan, bring juice and ginger to a simmer. Reduce by 80 percent until syrupy.nPLATING Family Style: on large oval, place a mound of the succotash in the middle. Surround with ostrich slices and drizzle on syrup. Garnish with orange zest.nWINE: Chilled Gamay from Beaujolais Fleurie or Chiroubles, ingredients: [1 tablespoon ancho chile powder may substitute with other chile powders, 1 tablespoon coarse ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 ostrich tenderloin, trimmed, left whole, Salt, to taste, Canola oil, to cook, 2 slices minced bacon, 1 cup soaked black beans, drained save bean water, 1 large onion, small dice, 1 large carrot, small dice, 1 large rib celery, small dice, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon washed, minced fermented black beans, Salt and black pepper, to taste, Bean water, to cover, 2 cups shucked corn or frozen, 1 tablespoon Chinese black vinegar or balsamic, 2 cups fresh orange juice, 2 large slices peeled ginger, 2 oranges, zested], title: Chile Rubbed Rare Ostrich with Black BeanCorn Succotash GingerOrange Syrup, picturelink: null}, 11784: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush both sides of tortillas with oil and with scissors cut each tortilla into about 5 randomly shaped wavy strips. In 2 large shallow baking pans arrange 12 of strips in 1 layer. Strips should curl up on their own, but if necessary gently twist or fold them over.nIn a small bowl combine chili powder, salt, and sugar and through a small sieve sprinkle 12 of mixture over tortilla strips in pans. Bake tortilla strips in upper and lower thirds of oven until just crisp, 6 to 8 minutes, and transfer to paper towels to cool. Make more chips in same manner with remaining tortilla strips and chili mixture., ingredients: [32 6inch corn tortillas, About 12 cup vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Spiced Curly Tortilla Chips, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 11785: {instructions: HEAT oven to 225 degrees F. Spray 15 x 10 x 1inch baking sheet with nostick cooking spray. Place popped popcorn in a very large bowl or Dutch oven.nCOMBINE hazelnut spread, corn syrup, salt, cinnamon and cayenne pepper in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture begins to boil. Remove from heat.nPOUR warm mixture over popcorn, stirring gently to combine. When all popcorn appears evenly coated, spread evenly on prepared baking sheet. Bake 55 to 60 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from oven and allow to cool. May be stored in airtight container for up to one week., ingredients: [12 cup light corn syrup, Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 2 3 to 3.25 oz. bags microwave popcorn, popped, 1 cup Jifu00ae Chocolate Flavored Hazelnut Spread, 14 tsp. salt, 14 tsp. ground cinnamon, 18 tsp. cayenne pepper], title: Spiced Chocolate Candy Popcorn, picturelink: tGjCP3h9ee1NHYGxOUzVueoVwHk7QyC}, 11786: {instructions: Position rack about 6 inches from the broiler and preheat broiler. With a small knife, cut a slit about 2 inches long in the side of both pitas. With your fingers, pry apart the 2 pita halves. If the pita is being stubborn, microwave it for about 30 seconds to soften it up. Lightly brush the rough side of the 4 pita halves with olive oil and then rub with the garlic clove. Cut each pita into quarters. Arrange the pitas in a single layer on a cookie sheet. Evenly sprinkle the pitas with the Parmesan, salt, paprika, and oregano. Place under the broiler and broil for 2 to 3 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [2 4inch wholewheat pita breads, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large garlic clove, peeled and halved, 4 teaspoons grated Parmesan, 18 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon dried oregano], title: Garlic Bread, picturelink: null}, 11787: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the salmon, red pepper, celery, scallions, yogurt, lemon juice and salt in a bowl mash with a fork.nCut the tips off each end of the cucumbers cut each cucumber across into 1inch pieces. Use a melon baller to scoop out the center of each slice of cucumber, taking care to leave the walls intact and enough of a base to hold the salmon salad. Fill each cucumber with 2 to 3 teaspoons of the salmon salad and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [One 6ounce can salmon, drained and bones removed, 12 cup 14inch diced red bell pepper, 13 cup 14inch diced celery, 3 tablespoons 18inch sliced green scallion, 3 tablespoons plain nonfat Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pound Persian cucumbers], title: Cucumber Salmon Salad Sushi, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 11788: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees.nPlace the salmon fillet in a glass, ceramic, or stainlesssteel roasting dish and season it generously with salt and pepper. Whisk together the olive oil and lemon juice and drizzle the mixture evenly over the salmon. Let it stand at room temperature for 15 minutes.nIn a small bowl, stir together the scallions, dill, and parsley. Scatter the herb mixture over the salmon fillet, turning it so that both sides are generously coated with the green herbs. Pour the wine around the fish fillet.nRoast the salmon for 10 to 12 minutes, until almost cooked in the center at the thickest part. The center will be firm with just a line of uncooked salmon in the very center. I peek by inserting the tip of a small knife. Cover the dish tightly with aluminum foil and allow to rest for 10 minutes. Cut the salmon crosswise into serving pieces and serve hot with lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 2 to 2 12pound skinless salmon fillet, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup good olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup minced scallions, white and green parts 4 scallions, 12 cup minced fresh dill, 12 cup minced fresh parsley, 14 cup dry white wine, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Roasted Salmon with Green Herbs, picturelink: pCWIF5wCfeKDZ8efFTaUSI2kNvHMYO.}, 11789: {instructions: For the dough: Mix together the water, buttermilk blend powder and sugar in a large bowl until the sugar is dissolved. Add the yeast and stir until blended. Let sit for 10 minutes you should be able to see the yeast activate and create an expanding foam in the bowl.nMix together the bread flour and salt in a separate bowl, then slowly drizzle over the melted butter and blend until the flour is a soft crumbly texture. Stir the almond and vanilla extracts into the beaten egg, pour into the flour mixture and continue mixing. Slowly add the yeasty water until all the liquid is incorporated and the flour has formed into a soft mound. Transfer the dough to a lightlyfloured surface and knead 1 to 4 times until smooth. Dont overwork the dough or it will become tough. Spray a large bowl with nonstick spray and place the dough in the bowl. Spray the top with a light coating of nonstick spray and cover with plastic wrap or a towel. Let rise in a warm place for at least 1 hour 30 minutes to 2 hours.nFor the stuffing: Toss together the spinach, lemon juice, artichokes and garlic. Saute over mediumlow heat until the spinach is slightly wilted, and then stir in the cream, cream cheese and Parmesan until the cheese is melted. Remove from the heat and gradually add the breadcrumbs until the mixture is slightly thickened. Season with salt and pepper. Chill until ready to stuff the beignets it will thicken as it chills.nFor the reduction: Heat a pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the syrup and vinegar and stir until the sauce is bubbling and slightly reduced, to the consistency of syrup, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the sugar. The sauce should be tangy and slightly sweet with a gentle hint of maple. Keep warm.nFor assembling and frying: Preheat oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees F. Cut the beignet dough ball into 4 equal sections, and roll each section out to about 14inch thickness and cut into rounds about the circumference of a coffee cup. Moisten the edge of each round with water using your fingertips or a misting sprayer, and then place a heaping teaspoon of the filling in the center of half the rounds. Top with the remaining rounds and gently press down the edges to create a seal.nDeepfry, flipping frequently, until golden, and then drain for a few seconds on paper towels. Lightly dust the tops with confectioners sugar. This dusting effect is best when done using a wire strainer filled with confectioners sugar, held over the warm beignets, and lightly tapped on the side to release a fine spray of the sugar.nDust the center of plates very lightly with confectioners sugar, then drizzle the balsamicmaple reduction in whatever pattern desired over the bottom. Top with the stuffed beignets., ingredients: [1 14 cups lukewarm water 70 to 80 degrees F, 14 cup buttermilk blend powder, such as Saco, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 envelope active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 4 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup melted unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg, slightly beaten, Nonstick spray, 1 pound baby spinach, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 can artichoke hearts or rounds, drained and roughly chopped, 1 pod fresh garlic, minced, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces cream cheese, 4 ounces grated Parmesan, 4 ounces Italian breadcrumbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup real maple syrup, 14 cup aged balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, Oil, for deepfrying, 2 cups confectioners sugar], title: Spinach and Artichoke Stuffed Beignets, picturelink: null}, 11790: {instructions: In a heavy 6quart saucepan over low heat, melt butter and add onions and garlic. Slowly sweat over low heat until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add flour, stirring to combine, and incorporate all dry ingredients, along with hot sauce. Stir until uniform. Slowly whisk in heavy cream. Raise heat to medium, add cheeses and stir constantly just until cheese is melted. Cooks Note: do not bring this mixture to a boil the temperature shouldnt exceed 140 degrees F.nBring 2 gallons of salted water you should be able to taste the salt, about 12 cup to a boil in a 12quart pot. Add macaroni boil about 6 minutes, or until al dente. Strain, and immediately cool by rinsing with icecold water.nTen minutes before you want the mac on the table, in a very large nonstick pan, warm cheese sauce over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly with a heatresistant rubber spatula. Once cheese sauce comes to a simmer, add cold pasta and lobster meat. Return to a simmer, stirring constantly. Turn out warm noodles and sauce into large casserole dish, about 6quart size. Cooks Note: For individual servings, separate noodles into 8 individual casserole dishes.nTop generously with additional shredded Cheddar and bread crumb mixture. Smooth bread crumbs into an even layer over the pasta and pat down with fingers to form a loose crust. Place under broiler until crumbs are an even golden brown. Garnish with chopped parsley, and serve immediately.nIn a food processor, combine parsley, garlic, oil and salt. Split lobsters in half from the head down. Remove claws and cook for 5 minutes in boiling water. Remove parcooked claw and knuckle meat and marinate along with split tails in parsley mixture for 20 to 30 minutes. On a well oiled high heat grill, grill lobster tail meat down, along with claw and knuckle meat until charred slightly. Chop lobster meat into 12inch cubes.nIn a medium bowl, mix all ingredients until combined. Set aside., ingredients: [3 ounces 6 tablespoons salted butter, 1 12 tablespoons finely minced fresh onion, 1 12 tablespoons finely minced fresh garlic, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for pasta water, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 1 quart heavy cream, 12 pound processed cheese singles, diced, 4 ounces sharp yellow Cheddar, shredded, plus about 4 cups for topping, 2 ounces Italian fontina cheese, shredded, 4 ounces fresh grated Italian Parmigiano, 2 pounds dry macaroni elbows, Grilled lobster, recipe follows, Bread crumbs, recipe follows, Chopped parsley, for garnish, 1 cup parsley leaves, 2 cloves garlic, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for brushing grill, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 1 12pound lobsters live, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 cup fresh grated Italian Romano cheese], title: Vegas style Mac N Cheese with Grilled Lobster, picturelink: .hbKGO59bQHrNNyaeDe0JVfwE0uzXFK}, 11791: {instructions: In a heavy kettle, cook the onions with the prosciutto, garlic and chilies in 6 tablespoons of the oil over moderately low heat. Stir until they are softened. Add the cabbage and saute it over moderately high heat, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the sugar, the tomatoes with the reserved juice, 3 tablespoons of the vinegar, the broth and the oregano. Bring the mixture to a boil, simmer it, covered for 15 minutes.nLet the mixture cool to warm, uncovered, and stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, and the remaining 2 tablespoons vinegar. Season to taste. Transfer the cabbage mixture to a serving dish and sprinkle it with the parsley., ingredients: [4 onions, halved lengthwise and sliced thin, 14 pound sliced prosciutto, cut crosswise into thin strips, 8 garlic cloves, minced, 5 1 12inch dried chilies, 8 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds Savoy cabbage, cored and shredded, 1 tablespoon sugar, 6 canned plums tomatoes, drained and chopped reserve 23 cup of the juice, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, plus 2 tablespoons to finish, 12 cup chicken broth, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled minced parsley for garnish], title: SweetandSour Cabbage with Balsamic Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 11792: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut chicken breasts into 1inch cubes. Cut each bacon slice into thirds. Wrap each chicken cube with bacon and secure with a wooden pick. Stir together brown sugar and chili powder. Dredge wrapped chicken in mixture. Coat a rack and broiler pan with nonstick cooking spray. Place chicken wrap on rack in broiler pan. Bake 350 for 30 to 35 minutes or until bacon is crisp., ingredients: [1 14 pounds boneless, skinless, chicken breasts about 4 breasts, 1 1pound package sliced bacon, 23 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons chili powder], title: Sweet Chicken Bacon Wraps, picturelink: wCkNu8z7aiiNeyNKly3k1tu.Box5ie}, 11793: {instructions: Whisk the cream, halfandhalf, sugar and salt in a bowl until the sugar dissolves. Stir in the vanilla extract and cinnamon oil. Churn in an ice cream maker. Transfer to an airtight container and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 cups whipping cream, 2 cups halfandhalf, 1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon cinnamon oil or cinnamon extract], title: Fire and Ice Cream, picturelink: b7NtpyanVXCzFrAGH.4H993xUCIOi}, 11794: {instructions: Bring the pork stock to a boil in a large, heavy saucepan. Reduce to a simmer, add the chicken, and cook gently for 30 minutes. Remove the chicken, bone the meat, shred it, and discard the bones. Add the shredded meat to the pork stock, along with the ham, scallions, garlic, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts and dried shrimp. Slice the Chinese mushrooms and add to the stock. Simmer for 12 hour. Add the winter melon, the tomato, the peas and the baby corn. Bring soup to a boil. Mix together the cornstarch with enough cold water to make a liquid resembling heavy cream. Pour enough into boiling soup, stirring, to thicken soup slightly. Reduce to simmer, and add the bean curd. Cook gently for 10 minutes. Swirl in sesame oil and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups rich pork stock, 1 chicken drumstick and thigh, 14 cup diced Smithfield ham, 3 scallions, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup sliced bamboo shoots fresh, if possible, 14 cup peeled and diced water chestnuts fresh, if possible, 1 tablespoon dried shrimp, soaked in warm water for 20 minutes, 6 Chinese mushrooms, soaked in warm water for 20 minutes, I cup diced winter melon, 12 cup diced tomato, 12 cup peas fresh or frozen, 14 cup baby corn, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 cup diced bean curd firmstyle, 12 teaspoon Chinese sesame oil], title: Winter Melon Soup, picturelink: null}, 11795: {instructions: In a small pot add 1 peeled diced Yukon gold potato over medium heat and cook until tender. Drain the water from the potatoes. To the same pot, add 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon turmeric, and 2 teaspoons Miso paste. Mash together. Season bass with salt and pepper. Spread a layer of mashed potatoes over the bass fillets. Place 1 sage leaf on top. Sprinkle pecorino cheese over the potato layer, reserving 2 tablespoons. Shingle sliced potatoes on each fillet mimicking the scales of a fish. Sprinkle remaining 2 tablespoons of percorino cheese over each fillet. In a shallow dish, coat the bottom of the fillets with 12 cup cornmeal. Transfer to a hot pan, with canola oil, potato side down first. Flip after golden and cover. Over a medium bowl, squeeze the juice from 2 lemons. Add 2 teaspoons pink pepper, and the remaining teaspoon of miso. Add 4 sage leaves cut into chiffonade, the leaves of 1 bunch cilantro and 14 cup sweet cooking wine. Whisk to incorporate. Remove fish from the saute pan and transfer to a serving plate. Pour vinaigrette over the fish. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 large Yukon gold potatoes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 3 teaspoons Miso paste, 2 6ounce stripe bass fillets, Salt and pepper to taste, 6 sage leaves, 14 cup pecorino cheese, 10 to 15 very thinly sliced potato rounds, 12 cup cornmeal, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 lemons, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 2 teaspoons pink peppercorns, 1 bunch cilantro, 14 cup sweet cooking wine], title: Cape Cod Striper in Yukon Gold Potato Crust, with Miso and Sage Oil, picturelink: null}, 11796: {instructions: Trim asparagus and have ready a large bowl of ice and cold water. In a large saucepan of boiling salted water cook asparagus until just tender, 3 to 4 minutes, and with tongs transfer to ice water to stop cooking. Drain asparagus well in a colander and pat dry. Gently toss asparagus with vinaigrette and salt and pepper to taste.nSqueeze enough juice from lemons to measure 13 cup. In a bowl combine lemon juice with salt and pepper to taste. Whisk in oil in a slow stream. Vinaigrette may be made 3 hours ahead and chilled, covered. Bring vinaigrette to room temperature before proceeding. Yield: 1 cup, ingredients: [1 pound thin asparagus, 14 cup Lemon Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 lemon, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Asparagus with Lemon Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 11797: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large pot of salted water to a boil, drop in pasta. Cook pasta to just shy of al dente.nHeat sauce pot with butter over medium heat, whisk in flour and cook for 1 minute, whisk in stock then milk, allow the sauce to thicken, and season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Stir in cheeses in a figure eight motion. Stir in Dijon and ham and remove the sauce from heat. Drain pasta and combine with sauce., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound cavatappi hollow corkscrew shaped pasta or other short cut pasta, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 12 cups whole milk, Freshly ground black pepper, A few grates nutmeg, 1 cup shredded Gruyere, 1 cup shredded white sharp Cheddar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 pound French ham, deli sliced, finely chopped], title: Macaroni and Cheese with Ham, picturelink: m0Oli3u.Am9zk8kCSE5A3DoAlzEa.}, 11798: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the sugar and vinegar in a small saucepan. Cook, stirring constantly, over medium heat until the sugar completely dissolves, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool, the mixture should be the consistency of maple syrup.nCombine the strawberries and basil in a food processor and puree. Add the sugar mixture and pulse the machine to combine. Pour into an 8inch square baking dish, cover loosely with plastic wrap and freeze for about 2 hours.nWhen the edges begin to harden, use the tines of a fork to scrape them into bits. Repeat the procedure in 1 to 2 hours, and then occasionally thereafter, until the mixture is frozen through in shavings. Freeze overnight.nSpoon the granita into serving dishes and garnish each with a basil leaf, then serve., ingredients: [5 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 pound strawberries, hulled and halved, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, plus 4 whole leaves for garnish], title: Strawberry Basil Granita, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 11799: {instructions: Position rack in lower third of oven and Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray a 13 by 9 inch pan lightly with vegetable oil spray.nMake the crust: Stir the 34 cup of flour, the corneal, salt and baking soda together with a whisk to combine. Set aside. In a medium mixing bowl, beat the butter until creamy. Add 13 cup of the sugar and beat at high speed for about one minute or until mixture loses its crumbly texture and begins to form a mass. Beat in the egg yolk, yogurt, and vanilla. Add the dry ingredients and beat on low speed just until combined. Scrape the bowl and beater. Knead the mixture briefly with your hands to mix thoroughly.nPress the dough evenly into the pan and prick all over with a skewer or fork. If pan is light weight, place on baking sheet. Bake until brown on top, about 20 to 25 minutes.nMake the topping: Whisk eggs and the egg white with the remaining sugar until combined. Whisk in the lemon juice and zest. Whisk in the 14 cup of flour. When crust is brown, turn oven temperature down to 300 degrees. Pour topping over hot crust and bake 15 to 20 minutes, or until topping barely jiggles in the center when you shake the pan gently back and forth. Cool on a rack. Chill before cutting into squares.nServe cold or at room temperature I like them cold dusted with powdered sugar. They last a couple of days but are most delicious on the day they are baked. Do not freeze., ingredients: [34 cup sifted all purpose flour 3 ounces, 14 cup yellow cornmeal, Pinch of salt, 18 teaspoon baking soda, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, divided, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon nonfat yogurt, 14 teaspoon vanilla, 2 eggs, 1 egg white, 12 cup strained fresh lemon juice, Grated zest of 1 large lemon, 14 cup all purpose flour, Powdered sugar from dusting], title: Lemon Bars, picturelink: null}, 11800: {instructions: Line a 9 or 10inch pie dish with the pate brisee. Transfer to refrigerator to chill freeze any remaining pastry. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPeel, seed, and cube the pumpkin. Place pumpkin in a saucepan, and cover with 12 cup water cover saucepan. Cook slowly over low heat until pumpkin is very tender, about 1 hour. Drain well, and puree in blender or food processor, adding a little liquid to thin if necessary. Combine eggs, honey, milk, cream, molasses, ginger, cinnamon, and salt, mixing completely. Stir in 3 cups of pureed pumpkin. Mix together and pour into prepared crust. Bake approximately 1 hour, or until custard is firm and top is a glossy golden brown. Cool completely before serving.nPut the flour, salt, and sugar in the bowl of a food processor. All ingredients should be cold. Add the pieces of butter, and process for approximately 10 seconds, or just until the mixture resembles coarse meal. To mix by hand, combine the dry ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Using a pastry blender or 2 table knives, cut in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 14 to 12 cup ice water, drop by drop, through the feed tube with the machine running or into the bowl if mixing by hand, just until the dough holds together without being wet or sticky do not process more than 30 seconds. Test the dough at this point by squeezing a small amount together. If it is crumbly, add a bit more water. Turn the dough out onto a large piece of plastic wrap. Grasping the ends of the plastic wrap with your hands, press the dough into a flat circle with your fists. This makes rolling easier than if the pastry is chilled as a ball. Wrap the dough in the plastic, and chill for at least 1 hour. Lightly butter or spray with vegetable cooking spray the pie plates or tart pans you will be using. On a lightly floured board, roll out the pastry to a thickness of 18inch. Place the pastry in a plate, pan or in a pastry ring that has been set on a parchmentlined baking sheet, and press it into the bottom edges and along the sides. Trim the pastry using scissors or a sharp paring knife, or by rolling a rolling pin across the top of the pan. Cutting the pastry an inch or so higher than the edge of the tart pan and tucking this overhang to the inside of the pan will give extra height and reinforcement. Crimp or decorate the edges of the pastry, if desired. Chill the pastrylined pan until ready to use. Unbaked pastry shells can be refrigerated, wrapped in plastic, for up to 1 day for longer storage, they can be frozen.nYield: 2 8 to 10inch tarts or singlecrust pies, 1 8 to 10inch doublecrust pie, or 12 2 12 to 3inch tartlets, ingredients: [Pate Brisee, recipe follows, 1 large pumpkin, approximately 3 pounds, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup honey, 12 cup milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup molasses, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar optional, 1 cup 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces], title: Pumpkin Molasses Pie, picturelink: null}, 11801: {instructions: Heat a heavy soup pot over high heat, add the oil, and heat until hot, about 20 seconds. Add the tomatoes and scallions, and stirfry until fragrant, about 15 seconds. Add the soy sauce and rice wine or sake, and stirfry over high heat for 20 seconds. Add the water and salt, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook for 2 minutes, skimming the surface to remove any impurities. Add the snow peas and stir.nSlowly add the cornstarch mixture and bring the liquid to a boil, stirring to prevent lumps from forming. Once slightly thickened, remove from the heat and slowly add the beaten eggs, pouring them in a thin stream around the edge of the pot. Carefully stir once or twice so that the eggs form thin streamers. Taste for seasoning and ladle into serving bowls., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons canola or corn oil, 2 medium tomatoes, cored and cut into 14inch dice, 12 cup minced scallions, white part only, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 34 cup rice wine or sake, 5 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 12 pound snow peas, ends snapped and veiny strings removed, 2 12 tablespoons cornstarch mixed with 6 tablespoons water, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten with 2 tablespoons water], title: Vegetarian Egg Drop Soup, picturelink: null}, 11802: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large, heavy pot. Take care not to overheat or burn the oil. Sprinkle the chuck and pork liberally with salt and pepper. Once the oil is hot, drop in the meat and sear until brown on all sides. Remove the meat and set aside.nAdd the tomatoes along with the juices from the cans. Lower the heat and slowly cook the tomatoes, breaking up into small pieces using a large spoon. Continue to cut the large pieces as the tomatoes cook cutting them will become easier. Peel the garlic and remove the ends. Crush with the blade of a large chefs knife and drop into the sauce. Dont worry about the garlic pieces being too large they, too, will break down as they cook. Return the meat to the sauce and continue cooking until the sauce has a chunky, but uniform consistency, 2 to 3 hours.nAdd the tomato paste, 12 can at a time, to somewhat thicken the sauce. Simmer until desired consistency, and then stir in the basil and cook for another few minutes before serving over hot pasta any shape will do. This is a fresh, but hearty sauce, and every serving should have a small piece of meat served on the plate. Garnish with your favorite grated cheese and enjoy., ingredients: [14 cup virgin olive oil, 1 pound chuck roast, room temperature, 1 pound pork shoulder, room temperature, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 large cans whole tomatoes, preferably San Marzano, 8 to 10 cloves fresh garlic, peeled, ends removed, 2 to 3 small cans tomato paste, 12 cup fresh basil, torn into small pieces, Hot pasta, for serving, Grated cheese, for serving], title: Pork and Beef Ragu, picturelink: null}, 11803: {instructions: Stir 1 tablespoon chilled brewed espresso or strong coffee into 2 cups prepared chocolate pudding. Beat 34 cup heavy cream with 1 tablespoon sugar until soft peaks form. Fold into the mocha pudding. Top with chocolate shavings.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Mocha Mousse, picturelink: P9xOjnk3WHOtNvQ5OGEwGVh1igG6ceS}, 11804: {instructions: Rinse the pork belly and pat dry. Transfer to a resealable 2gallon plastic bag. To make the spice rub, mix the kosher salt, pink salt, brown sugar, honey, red pepper flakes, paprika and cumin in a bowl. Coat the pork belly all over with the mixture.nClose the bag and refrigerate 7 to 10 days, flipping once a day, until the pork belly feels firm. It should take 7 days for a thin belly that is about 112 inches thick, longer for a belly thats 2 to 3 inches thick.nRemove the pork belly from the bag, rinse thoroughly and pat dry. Refrigerate the belly on a rack, uncovered, 48 hours.nSet up your smoker according to the manufacturers instructions using applewood chips, and set to 200 degrees F. Smoke the pork belly 3 hours, or until the bacon reaches an internal temperature of 150 degrees F.nRemove the rind optional, then slice and cook as desired. To store, wrap the bacon in plastic wrap and refrigerate up to 1 week or freeze up to 2 months.nPink curing salt is a mix of salt and sodium nitrite. It keeps the meat pink and protects it from bacteria. You can find it at specialty food stores or online.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [5 pounds pork belly, skin on, 14 cup kosher salt, 2 teaspoons pink curing salt, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup honey preferably chestnut honey, 2 tablespoons red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons smoked sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds], title: Homemade Bacon, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 11805: {instructions: In a medium pot, cover the peanuts with water and bring to a boil.nAdd the cayenne pepper and 1 teaspoon salt. Lower to a simmer, cover and cook at least 2 hours. Peanuts are done when the shells are easy to remove and the peanuts are creamy all the way through. Serve warm.nCooks Note: Peanuts can be refrigerated in the boiling liquid for up to 3 days after cooking., ingredients: [1 12 pounds fresh roasted peanuts, shells on, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt], title: Spicy Boiled Peanuts, picturelink: L4CqU6U07R76NZACERXtgBVRV4pq3oO}, 11806: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a medium saucepan. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add the chorizo and cook until golden brown. Add the couscous and coat with the mixture. Bring the chicken stock to a boil, pour over the couscous, bring back to the boil, cover and remove from the heat. Let sit 10 minutes. Fluff with fork and let cool. Preheat grill. Stuff the squid with the couscous mixture and secure the end with a toothpick. Brush the squid with the remaining olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 cup finely chopped red onions, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 14 pound chorizo, finely diced, 2 cups couscous, 2 12 cups chicken stock or water, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 squid cleaned, tentacles removed, only long bodies], title: Grilled Squid Stuffed with Couscous, picturelink: null}, 11807: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSprinkle the ribs all over with the rub and rub in well with your hands. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour, up to overnight.nMake sure the racks of the grill are set so they are 6inches above the fire. Preheat the grill to high. When the grill is hot, turn off 1 side, or push the coals to 1 side. Place the ribs, fattier side down, on the cooler side of the grill and close the cover. Cook until browned, about 20 minutes. Turn the ribs over and continue to cook until the bones wiggle easily when twisted, about 1 12 hours, turning every 20 minutes or so.nRemove from the grill and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing.nMake the Spicy Dipping Sauce: In a small bowl, combine the vinegar, honey, jalapeno, oregano, and salt and whisk well. Pour into a decorative bowl.nSlice the ribs into desired size and serve with the Spicy Dipping Sauce.nMix all ingredients together and stir well., ingredients: [2 racks back ribs, membrane removed, 12 cup Pork Rub, recipe follows, Olive oil, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 red jalapeno, seeded and minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 4 tablespoons onion powder, 4 tablespoons garlic powder, 4 tablespoons dried thyme, 4 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons mild paprika, 2 tablespoons hot paprika, 4 teaspoons cayenne, 4 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 2 teaspoons white pepper, 2 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Pork Back Ribs with Spicy Dipping Sauce, picturelink: 9QBg.dGLQ9YWqIIChrRFwehONIGnfSy}, 11808: {instructions: Cut the squash in half lengthwise and scoop out and discard the seeds. Bake the squash, cut side down, on a lightly oiled baking sheet in a preheated 400 degree F oven for 40 minutes or until it is tender. When it is cool enough to handle, scoop out all the pulp. While the squash is baking, in a skillet cook the onion and the gingerroot in the butter over low heat, stirring, until the onion is softened. Puree the onion mixture with the squash pulp in a food processor and add salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 butternut squash about 2 14 pounds, 1 onion, sliced about 34 cup, 3 tablespoons coarsely grated fresh gingerroot, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Butternut Squash Puree, picturelink: null}, 11809: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Rinse and dry chicken breasts. Place on a baking sheet and season with salt, black pepper, cayenne, and dry thyme leaves. Roast until just cooked through, about 15 minutes. Set aside to cool.nMelt butter in a saute pan on top of the stove. Add celery and onion, with a pinch of salt and pepper, and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add garlic and cook 1 minute more. Add flour and stir to coat vegetables well. Cook, stirring often, for about 3 more minutes. Slowly pour in milk, while stirring or whisking. After milk is incorporated, simmer at least 10 minutes.nCut reserved chicken in large pieces, place in the food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Place in a bowl and pour sauce with vegetables over chicken. Add parsley and mix thoroughly. Make a test croquette by rolling a small amount in bread crumbs, then deepfrying. Adjust seasoning, to taste, with white pepper.nForm chicken mixture into balls, then roll in bread crumbs. Refrigerate and let the croquettes set for at least 1 hour before deepfrying in 325 degree F oil until golden brown. Drain and serve with Creamed Mushrooms.nHeat butter in a saute pan on top of the stove. Add onion with a pinch of salt, pepper, and dry thyme leaves and cook until transparent, about 3 minutes. Add garlic and scallions and cook 1 minute more. Splash with a bit of sherry and cook until evaporated. Stir in flour and cook 1 minute. Slowly stir in milk. Add mushrooms and cook about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and add parsley. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Salt, Black pepper, Cayenne, Pinch dry thyme leaves, 8 tablespoons butter, 3 stalks celery, finely diced, 12 red onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup flour, 1 cup milk approximately, heated, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped parsley, Panko bread crumbs, White pepper, Oil, for deepfrying, Creamed Mushrooms, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 small red onion, minced, Salt, Pepper, Pinch dry thyme leaves, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, Dash sherry, 4 tablespoons flour, 1 cup milk, heated, 1 pound button mushrooms, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Chicken Croquettes, picturelink: null}, 11810: {instructions: Mix the lemon juice, tequila, pepper flakes, chili powder, and garlic in a mediumsized plastic container. Place the steak in the container, cover, and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 45 minutes.nHeat canola oil in a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Add bell peppers and onion and saute until crisp tender. Remove from pan, set aside, and keep warm. Remove steak from marinade and discard marinade. Saute steak in the saute pan for about 5 minutes on each side or until cooked through. Remove steak from the pan and slice into thin strips. Return steak strips, bell peppers, and onion to pan and warm through for about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Divide steak mixture evenly among the warmed tortillas. Garnish each with 14 cup cilantro and serve., ingredients: [3 lemons, juiced, 18 cup tequila, 12 tablespoon red chili pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 23 pound flank steak, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 1 red bell pepper, sliced, 1 yellow bell pepper, sliced, 12 red onion, sliced, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 4 6inch corn tortillas, warmed, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Tequila Steak Fajita, picturelink: null}, 11811: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a pitcher, combine the Campari and vermouth. Pour the mixture into flutes leaving about a 2inch space from the top. Then top each glass with a little Prosecco and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 bottle Campari, 1 bottle red sweet vermouth, Ice, 1 bottle Prosecco], title: Sparkling Americano, picturelink: fHZVnwc8Rkj2cxoOMyctPSZLSOH0TZm}, 11812: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a microwavesafe bowl and add 2 tablespoons water cover and microwave until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Let stand, covered, until ready to mash. Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, carrot, tomatoes, 34 teaspoon chili powder and 12 teaspoon salt cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a 2quart baking dish.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the turkey, beef, the remaining 34 teaspoon chili powder and 12 teaspoon salt cook, stirring and breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 4 minutes. Stir in the peas and 14 cup water simmer 2 minutes. Spread over the vegetables in the baking dish, then cover to keep warm.nPreheat the broiler. Add the milk and 14 teaspoon salt to the potatoes and mash well mix in the cheese. Spread over the meat and broil until browned in spots, 1 to 2 minutes.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 14 pounds small redskinned potatoes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 2 large tomatoes, chopped, 1 12 tablespoons chili powder, Kosher salt, 12 pound 93 percent lean ground turkey, 12 pound 90 percent lean ground beef sirloin, 1 12 cups frozen peas, 12 cup lowfat milk, warmed, 13 cup shredded lowfat cheddar cheese], title: Light Shepherds Pie, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 11813: {instructions: This recipe is only for those who can appreciate a sticky rib The applesauce is a sweet surprise that creates a thick sauce thats finger lickin good.nThis recipe is only for those who can appreciate a sticky rib The applesauce is a sweet surprise that creates a thick sauce thats finger lickin good.nPreheat the grill to medium.nCombine the brown sugar, paprika, garlic powder, red pepper, mustard and salt in small bowl. Mix until well blended. Put each rib rack onto a large piece of heavy duty foil. Rub the seasoning mixture evenly onto both rib racks. Fold up the sides of the foil, and pour 14 cup of apple juice into each rib foil packet. Close the foil package, leaving room at the top for heat circulation. Grill the packets for 1 hour on medium heat.nMeanwhile, combine 14 cup apple juice, the barbeque sauce, applesauce, cider vinegar, cinnamon and ginger in small bowl until well blended.nRemove the ribs from the foil packet. Return them to the grill and brush them with the barbecue sauce mixture until well coated and caramelized.nRemove the racks from the grill to a cutting board and cut into 2rib sections. Arrange the ribs on a serving platter and serve. EnjoynCooks Notes: I use the shortcut of bottled barbecue sauce.nApple juice adds to the apple flavor of the rib sauce. It also creates steam inside the foil pack so the ribs dont dry out. If you dont have apple juice you can use orange or pineapple juice, stockbroth or just plain old water., ingredients: [1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 pounds pork baby back ribs, 12 cup apple juice, plus 14 cup, 1 cup barbecue sauce, 23 cup applesauce, 12 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground ginger], title: Sweet and Sticky Applesauce Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: null}, 11814: {instructions: Dry Rub: Mix first 5 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Transfer 1 tablespoon dry rub to another small bowl and reserve for mop. Spread remaining dry rub all over brisket. Cover with plastic chill overnight.nMop: Mix first 6 ingredients plus reserved dry rub in heavy medium saucepan. Stir over low heat 5 minutes. Pour 12 cup mop into bowl cover and chill for use in sauce. Cover and chill remaining mop. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Place brisket, fat side up, in a Dutch oven or other heavy baking pan large enough to hold the brisket. Roast brisket in pan for 3 to 4 hours, basting with mop every 20 minutes, until tender. Transfer brisket to platter let stand 15 minutes. Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrap in foil chill. Before continuing, rewarm brisket, still wrapped, in 350 degree oven about 45 minutes. Combine barbecue sauce and chili powder in heavy small saucepan. Add any accumulated juices from brisket and bring to boil, thinning sauce with some of reserved 12 cup mop, if desired. Thinly slice brisket across grain. Serve, passing sauce separately., ingredients: [12 cup paprika, 3 tablespoons ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons coarse salt, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 7 12 to 8pound untrimmed whole beef brisket, 12 ounces beer, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup water, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons minced jalapeno chilies, 1 cup purchased barbecue sauce such as BullsEye, 1 tablespoon chili powder], title: Barbecued Texas Beef Brisket, picturelink: null}, 11815: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F and set a large pot of water on the stovetop to boil.nIn a bowl, combine the ricotta, egg, Parmesan, parsley, and salt and pepper. Set this filling aside.nCook the manicotti in boiling water for minute. After theyve cooked for one minute, remove the pot from the heat but do not drain the manicotti squares in a colander as the noodles often stick together. Instead, run cold water into the pot until you can fish the manicotti squares out safely with your fingers. Shake off the excess water as you remove each square. It is usually best to place the squares on a clean cloth to further blot them.nLay the squares flat on a cloth, placing the filling across the center of the dough, leaving a little room at the edges on each side. Turn up the edge nearest you so that it lies on top of the filling. Now turn the edge farthest from you towards you so that it lies on top of the first edge. You now have a cannolilike tube. Spread 1 ladleful of the sauce onto the bottom of a 9 by 12inch baking pan. Turn the manicotti over and place seamside down in the baking pan on top of the sauce. Continue until the pan has a layer of manicotti. Spoon 2 more ladlefuls of sauce over the top and bake for 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and let sit 10 minutes before serving. Serve with additional sauce for individual servings.nEveryone has his own variation of marinara sauce. Borgattis is basic and can be used throughout this book whenever marinara is called for. The seasonings and herbs can be adjusted, to taste.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat, heat the oil. Saute the garlic, salt, and pepper for 5 minutes or until the garlic is softened. Add the remaining ingredients, then raise the heat to mediumhigh, and bring to a simmer, stirring often. Simmer for 30 minutes. The sauce can be stored for up to 5 days in the refrigerator and several months in the freezer., ingredients: [1 pound ricotta, 1 whole egg, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons minced parsley leaves, Salt and pepper, Marinara Sauce, recipe follows, 8 squares fresh manicotti noodles, 13 cup olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 28ounce cans crushed plum tomatoes, 10 basil leaves, chopped or 1 tablespoon dried, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves or 1 teaspoon dried], title: Manicotti with Marinara Sauce, picturelink: null}, 11816: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook as the label directs until al dente. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain the pasta.nMeanwhile, heat the canola oil in a large highsided saute pan over medium heat. Add the chiles and garlic and cook until soft and the garlic is pale golden brown, about 3 minutes. Add the wine and cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the crab and cook until just heated through, about 1 minute.nAdd the pasta and some of the cooking water to the pan and cook for another minute. Stir in the parsley, dill, mint and lemon zest. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound spaghetti, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 Fresno chile peppers, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, picked over, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh mint, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Freshly ground pepper], title: Healthy Pasta with Spicy Crab, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 11817: {instructions: For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 10 to 12inch tart pan or pizza pan with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. In a large mixing bowl, cream together the butter and sugars until smooth using a handheld mixer. Add in the egg and vanilla and mix until incorporated. Slowly incorporate the flour mixture into the creamed butter, and mix until blended. Remove the dough from the bowl and press it into the prepared pan. You may need to dust your hands with some flour to prevent the dough from sticking to them it is a wet dough when it comes together. Bake until the edges just start to brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool.nFor the spread: In a large mixing bowl, beat the cream cheese, confectioners sugar, vanilla, lemon zest and salt until smooth. Spread evenly on the cooled crust.nFor the glaze: Add the marmalade, 2 tablespoons water and the herbes de Provence to a small skillet and cook over medium heat until loosened and warm.nTo assemble: Arrange the fresh fruit in the desired pattern on top of the pizza. Brush the fruit with the glaze. Slice and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons orange marmalade, 12 teaspoon herbs de Provence, 1 cup blueberries, 1 cup sliced kiwi, 1 cup sliced nectarines, 1 cup raspberries, 1 cup strawberries, sliced], title: Sugar Cookie Crust Fruit Pizza, picturelink: null}, 11818: {instructions: For the Cup: Using a ladle, fill a plastic domeshaped mold of appropriate teacup size with white chocolate. When it is full, empty the excess back into the bowl of chocolate. The inside of the mold should be evenly coated. Wipe the lip of the plastic mold clean and place upside down on a wire rack over a baking sheet. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the lip of the mold clean again with a paring knife. You can place the mold in the refrigerator for several minutes to help the chocolate to harden. When set, gently push on one side of the mold and the chocolate cup will release. Repeat to make as many cups as you would like.nFor the Saucer: Spread 14inch thick layer of white chocolate onto a parchment paper lined baking sheet. Let the chocolate set until firm yet pliable but not hard. Use the tip of a paring knife to cut a 4 12inch circle. If you are making more than one saucer, make all of the cuts now. Place it in the refrigerator and allow the chocolate to set completely. When set, remove from the refrigerator, and peel off the parchment paper. Set the chocolate saucer aside.nPlace some of the white chocolate in a small piping bag. Draw a small handle shape onto a parchment paperlined sheet pan. Let the chocolate set until firm. If you are making more than one handle, make all of them at this point. Place the sheet pan in the refrigerator and allow the chocolate to set completely. When set, remove from the refrigerator. Gently lift the chocolate handle from the parchment paper. Set the chocolate saucer aside. To assemble, use white chocolate to glue the handle to the cup, then glue the cup to the saucer.nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes.nHow to Temper ChocolateFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres:., ingredients: [14 ounces of white chocolate, tempered, Dome mold], title: Chocolate Tea Cup and Saucer, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 11819: {instructions: Place cake ring on a serving plate. Warm lemon curd over low heat and stir in lemon zest. Pour the warm sauce down over the cake in a slow stream, glazing it. Sprinkle shredded coconut liberally over the lemonglazed cake and serve., ingredients: [1 store bought prepared angel food cake, 1 jar, 9 to 11 ounces, lemon curd, found on jam and jelly aisle, 1 lemon, zested, 1 cup shredded coconut], title: Lemon Coconut Angel Food Cake, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 11820: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, whip together eggs with 6 herbs and season with salt and pepper.nIn a 8 to 10inch nonstick saute pan, melt the butter over medium heat until just turning brown. Add egg mixture and cook slowly for 12 to 15 minutes, until set on bottom. Carefully flip over and continue cooking 6 to 7 minutes, until set. Allow to cool and serve cut into wedges with a salad made of herbs, dressed lightly in olive oil and red wine vinegar., ingredients: [8 eggs, cracked and beaten, 14 cup marjoram plus 14 cup, 14 cup parsley plus 14 cup, 14 cup basil, whole leaves, plus 14 cup, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped thyme, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped sage, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Frittata con le Erbe, picturelink: null}, 11821: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion becomes translucent but does not get any color, about 10 minutes. Increase the heat to mediumhigh, add the bell pepper, celery, garlic, a generous pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 10 minutes.nAdd the beef, a generous pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper to the pot and cook, stirring to break the meat into small bits, until browned, about 10 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and oregano and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes.nAdd the Worcestershire sauce, tomatoes with their juices, sugar and bay leaf. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large onion, diced, 1 large green bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and diced, 2 large celery stalks, diced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds ground beef chuck, One 6ounce can tomato paste, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Two 28ounce cans whole tomatoes, crushed by hand, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 dried bay leaf], title: American Meat Sauce, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 11822: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, in a slow stream, and add smashed garlic. Season the chicken with seasoning blend. Scatter chicken around the pan in an even layer. Cook chicken pieces 2 minutes on each side to brown, then add the onions, prunes, raisins and stock. Mix spices in a small dish and scatter over the pot. Cover and reduce to moderate heat. Cook 7 or 8 minutes, remove the lid and stir.nTo prepare the couscous, bring chicken stock to a boil. Add couscous, extravirgin olive oil and scallions and remove the couscous from the stove immediately. Cover and let stand 5 minutes. Fluff the couscous with a fork.nUncover chicken and cook another 2 to 3 minutes to thicken slightly. Adjust the seasoning, to taste, and serve chicken on a bed of couscous. Garnish with chopped cilantro and scallions. Serve with chutney., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 4 cloves garlic, smashed beneath the flat of your knife with the heel of your hand, discard skins, 1 12 to 1 34 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into large bitesize pieces, 1 12 teaspoons grill seasoning blend recommended: Montreal Seasoning by McCormick or coarse salt and coarse pepper, 2 medium or 1 large yellow skinned onion, quartered and sliced, 10 pitted prunes, coarsely chopped, 1ounce box or 14 cup golden raisins, 2 cups good quality, low sodium chicken stock, available in paper containers on soup aisle, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons sweet paprika, eyeball it, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, eyeball it, 12 teaspoon tumeric, eyeball it, 18 teaspoon cinnamon, a couple pinches, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 12 cups couscous, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 2 scallions, finely chopped, Chopped cilantro leaves or flatleaf parsley, Finely chopped scallions, Mango chutney, any variety and brand  available on the condiment or International food aisles], title: Quick TagineStyle Chicken, picturelink: i9HBWKS.XbTzZ8ywDdlcan.vAbZeRwu}, 11823: {instructions: For the dressing: Add the mustard, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, anchovies, garlic and lemon juice to a blender or food processor. Pulse the processor or blend on low speed for several seconds. Scrape the sides and pulse again until everything is fairly smooth. With the food processor or blender running, drizzle in the olive oil in a small stream. Scrape the sides and mix again to thoroughly combine. Add the cheese and pulse to combine. Taste, adding salt and pepper if needed. Refrigerate the dressing for a few hours before using it on the salad.nFor the croutons: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nPut the bread cubes on a baking sheet. Heat the olive oil in a small saucepan or skillet over low heat. Crush the garlic and add it to the oil, using a spoon to move the garlic around in the pan. After cooking 3 to 5 minutes, turn off the heat and remove the garlic from the pan.nDrizzle the olive oil over the bread cubes and mix together until the bread is well coated. Sprinkle lightly with salt. Bake, shaking the baking sheet occasionally, until the cubes are lightly browned and crisp, 45 minutes to an hour. Let cool.nFor the salad: Put the kale in a bowl and add the sliced roasted chicken. Use a vegetable peeler to shave off large, thin slices of Parmesan over the leaves. Drizzle about half of the dressing over the top of the kale and toss gently to coat. Add the croutons and toss again. Add more dressing if needed. Shave more Parmesan over when serving.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nDrizzle the chicken breasts with olive oil and sprinkle with the thyme, oregano, paprika and some salt and pepper. Put the chicken on a foillined roasting pan and roast until cooked through, 30 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 4 anchovy fillets, 2 cloves garlic, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, if needed, 12 loaf crusty French bread, cut into 1inch cubes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, Kosher salt, 1 bunch curlyleaf kale 10 to 12 leaves, sliced into small pieces, 4 roasted chicken breasts, recipe follows, sliced, One 3ounce piece Parmesan, 12 chicken breasts, Olive oil, for drizzling, 2 teaspoons ground thyme, 2 teaspoons ground oregano, 2 teaspoons paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Kale Caesar Salad, picturelink: YxHyh8eKQYln2WFd6rFjpnoxRtoW9cy}, 11824: {instructions: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nBrush the tomatoes and eggplant with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the eggplant until golden brown and cooked through, about 4 minutes each side. Grill the tomatoes until charred all over, about 8 minutes. Remove the eggplant and tomatoes from the heat and cut into dice.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the canola oil in a large saute pan. Add the celery and onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the eggplant and tomatoes and cook for 3 minutes. Add the olives, vinegar, raisins, capers, sugar, chile flakes, a big splash olive oil, salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the basil and parsley and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Transfer the caponata to a bowl and keep at room temperature for at least 30 minutes before serving. The caponata can be made 1 day in advance, covered and refrigerated. Bring the caponata to room temperature before serving.nMeanwhile, grill the bread on both sides until slightly charred, about 30 seconds each side. Remove the bread from the grill and drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Top each slice of bread with some of the caponata and sprinkle with the ricotta salata. Drizzle the top of each slice of bread with more olive oil and scatter basil on top., ingredients: [4 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 2 medium globe eggplants, cut into 34inchthick slices, Extra virgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup canola oil, 1 large stalk celery, diced, 1 small red onion, diced, 12 cup Sicilian green olives, pitted and chopped, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup golden raisins, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, Pinch red chile flakes, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, plus more for garnish, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 loaf Italian bread, sliced into 12inchthick slices, 8 ounces ricotta salata, crumbled], title: Grilled Eggplant Caponata Bruschetta with Ricotta Salata, picturelink: VtApbOu4RN9HLCZqd3q6PXGGY363lq}, 11825: {instructions: Season steak with salt and pepper. Place in preheated grill pan that has been sprayed with cooking spray. Sear on each side for 2 to 3 minutes for mediumrare, or cook to desired degree of doneness. Remove from pan and let rest before slicing against the grain on the bias.nPlace lettuce on 4 individual plates. Top lettuce with watercress and bean sprouts. Top with steak slices, tomatoes, cucumber, and scallions. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, whisk together peanut sauce and lime juice. Pour mixture over salad. Top with steak and sprinkle peanuts over top just before serving., ingredients: [1 pound skirt or flank steak, Salt and pepper, 4 cups chopped red leaf lettuce, 1 cup watercress leaves, 1 cup bean sprouts, 1 cup diced tomatoes, 1 cup diced cucumber, 13 cup chopped scallions, 1 cup peanut sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 14 cup chopped dry roasted peanuts], title: Steak Salad with PeanutLime Vinaigrette, picturelink: WooDYQjhhQQ1lYAuMWO6hzv1MCtAhNu}, 11826: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F and place a 9inch cast iron skillet inside to heat while you make the batter.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, flour, sugar, salt, baking powder, and baking soda. Whisk in the milk, buttermilk, and eggs. Whisk in almost all of the melted butter, reserving about 1 tablespoon for the skillet later on.nCarefully remove the hot skillet from the oven. Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Coat the bottom and sides of the hot skillet with the remaining butter. Pour the batter into the skillet and place it in the center of the oven. Bake until the center is firm and a cake tester or toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Allow to cool for 10 to 15 minutes and serve., ingredients: [1 14 cups coarsely ground cornmeal, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 13 cup whole milk, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Cast Iron Skillet Corn Bread, picturelink: b5Oua6jWS3vbU2m9KnLRzU8uFmhqna}, 11827: {instructions: Trim artichokes by tearing off outer leaves and cutting away dark areas. Cut in  and rinse. Bring artichokes to boil in 1 quart water, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1 lemon split. Simmer about 20 minutes until slightly firm. Drain chokes and let cool. Reserve some liquid. Sweat onions, fennel and garlic in 2 tablespoons olive oil, bay leaf, chili pepper and herb bundle for a few minutes. Add wine, reduce to half. Add tomatoes, olives and anchovy. Simmer a few minutes, add artichokes. Cook 35 to 40 minutes until tender, then add basil leaves and 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add some cooking liquid from artichokes to thin stew if necessary. Season to taste. Serve stew chilled or warm over cooked white beans, young arugula leaves trimmed and washed, top with shavings of Parmesan cheese, toasted pine nuts and basil flower tops, ingredients: [8 medium artichokes, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 lemon, 1 medium onion, cut in inch dice, 1 medium fennel, cut in inch dice, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 dried chili pepper, 1 bay leaf, Small tied bundle of basil, thyme and parsley, washed, 4 ounces dry white wine, 3 large ripe tomatoes, cut in inch dice, 20 pitted and rinsed kalamata or nicoise olives, 1 tablespoon chopped anchovy fillet optional, 6 basil leaves, cut in thin strips, 4 basil tops for decoration], title: Provencale Stewed Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 11828: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 large sheets aluminum foilnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nDivide the mushrooms, garlic, mint leaves into 4 equal portions.nTake 2 sheets of aluminum foil and place them on top of each other to create a sturdier base. Lift all 4 sides up to create a container. Place once portion each mushrooms, garlic, and mint leaves in the center. Drizzle with a 14 of the extravirgin olive oil and white wine. Season with salt and pepper. Grab all the sides of the aluminum foil and tightly seal them closed, to prevent the steam from escaping.nRepeat the above process 3 more times to create 4 individual servings. Place the packages in the oven for approximately 15 to 20 minutes. Serve the sealed aluminum foil packages immediately. Allow each guest to open their own individual packages to experience all the aromas contained., ingredients: [2 pounds914 g fresh porcini mushrooms, cleaned, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Bunch fresh mint leaves, chopped, 8 tablespoons118 ml extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup235 ml white wine], title: Porcini al Cartoccio: Porcini Cooked in Foil, picturelink: null}, 11829: {instructions: Slice the top off the bread loaf producing a lid that is approximately 8 inches in diameter. Pull out the soft bread from inside the loaf with your fingers. Tear half of it into pieces like croutons and bake a preheated 300 degrees F. oven until hardened.nMix the grilled vegetables with the salad along with the croutons. Coat with the olive oil and stuff into the bread cavity. Put both halves of the lemon inside the cavity, then put on the lid.nWhen serving, squeeze the lemons into the salad., ingredients: [Round loaf rustic bread approximately 12 inches in diameter, Grilled red bell pepper, sliced into strips, Grilled mushrooms, sliced, Onion, sliced thick, then grilled, Salad greens to almost fill bread cavity, cleaned and dried, Olive oil, for tossing salad, 1 lemon cut in 12], title: Rustic Bread Stuffed with Green Salad and Grilled Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 11830: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, melt butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the flour, and cook until foaming, stirring constantly, about 1 minute. Continue to cook, stirring, until the cooking diminishes the flour taste, about 3 minutes. In a medium saucepan, warm milk. Slowly add warm milk to butterflour mixture, stirring so that no lumps form. Bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat to low, and cook 2 minutes more. Stir in 12 of grated cheese, and season to taste with salt, white pepper, nutmeg, and cayenne. Cook until thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat, transfer to a bowl, and set aside to cool.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nToast the bread on both sides in a hot oven until golden brown. Arrange 4 pieces of toast on work surface, and spread with a small amount of sauce. Cover with a slice of cheese, slice of ham, and another slice of cheese. Top each sandwich with another piece of toast. Spread with additional bechamel sauce, and sprinkle each sandwich with remaining 12 cup grated cheese. Place sandwiches in an ovenproof pan brushed with butter, and bake in the preheated oven until heated through, about 4 minutes. Transfer to broiler, and broil until golden brown and bubbly., ingredients: [13 cup plus 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon pastry flour, 4 cups milk, 1 cup Gruyere or Swiss cheese, grated, plus 8 ounces, thinly sliced, Coarse salt, Freshly ground white pepper, Freshly ground nutmeg, to taste, Cayenne pepper, to taste, 8 slices white bread, cut 12inch thick, 6 ounces French ham, thinly sliced, Butter, for pan], title: Croque Monsieur, picturelink: null}, 11831: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 cups wood chips hickory or apple, soaked in water 30 minutesnHeat the oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the thyme, garlic, onions, ancho chile powder, brown sugar, cumin, coriander, orange juice, lime juice, 12 water and chipotle, and cook until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and let cool. Put the pork in a large pan and pour over the marinade. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nRemove the pork from the refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking.nPreheat a charcoal grill for indirect heat and place the soaked wood chips on top of the coals.nPlace the pork on the grill, cover and let smoke until the temperature inside the grill is 220 degrees F. Add chips as necessary to continue smoking until the internal temperature of the pork reaches140 degrees F. Then just let the pork finish cooking until the internal temperature reaches about 190 degrees F. This can take about 5 hours. Let the pork rest 30 minutes.nShred the pork and serve in the warm tortillas topped with some Napa Cabbage Slaw, hot sauce, fresh cilantro leaves and queso fresco.nWhisk the mayonnaise, vinegar, oil and celery seeds until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Whisk in the green onions and serrano chiles. Place the cabbage and carrots in a large bowl. Add the dressing and the queso fresco, and toss to combine., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 large white onion, chopped, 2 heaping tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 34 cup fresh orange juice, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 1 or 2 chipotle in adobo, finely chopped, 1 boneless pork shoulder about 5 pounds, Warm corn tortillas, Napa Cabbage Slaw, recipe follows, Hot sauce, Fresh cilantro leaves, 1 cup crumbled queso fresco, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 green onions, coarsely chopped, 2 serrano chiles, 1 head Napa cabbage, finely shredded, 1 large carrot, julienned, 12 cup crumbled queso fresco], title: Slow Smoked Pork Shoulder with Napa Cabbage Slaw and Queso Fresco, picturelink: 4Nyo7JOPgjUuhkKXAcRlLrC7UImHfYm}, 11832: {instructions: Combine the sugars, salt, black pepper and cayenne, and mix thoroughly., ingredients: [4 ounces brown sugar, 4 ounces superfine sugar, 1 ounce kosher salt, 1 ounce black pepper, butcher grind, 12 ounce cayenne pepper], title: Brown Sugar Rub for Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: zjVmblWAYVcGjZv1lDL7bNpxUA3R.BG}, 11833: {instructions: Julienne the carrots, green beans, and celery. Shred the Kahlua pig and season it with salt and pepper. Whisk together the egg and water to make the egg wash.nWrap all ingredients, including bean sprouts, in lumpia wrappers, using egg wash to seal. Preheat a deep fryer or a heavy pot halfway filled with oil to 360 degrees F. Deepfry the rolls until golden brown on all sides. Remove to a paper towel lined plate to drain.nCut each roll in half on a slant. Serve with Pineapple Salsa.nMix all ingredients together in a bowl. Serve with Kahlua Spring Rolls., ingredients: [1 ounce carrots, 1 ounce green beans, 1 ounce celery, 4 ounces cooked Kahlua pig, or roast pork, Salt and pepper, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon water, 1 ounce bean sprouts, 4 pieces lumpia wrapper, Pineapple Salsa, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons diced ripe but firm papaya, 1 Maui onion, diced, 1 piece Hawaiian chile pepper, minced, or 14 teaspoon red chili flakes, 4 mint leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon minced cilantro leaves, 1 Maui pineapple, peeled, cored and small diced, 1 tablespoon sweet Thai chile sauce, 1 tablespoon sweet thick soy sauce, 3 green onions, minced, 2 tablespoons pineapple wine, 1 tablespoon plum sauce, Pinch black pepper], title: Kahlua Pig Spring Rolls, picturelink: null}, 11834: {instructions: In a medium sized pan, saute mushrooms in butter and olive oil until they are tender. In a separate pan, saute asparagus tips in butter until they are tender. Set both aside.nIn the same pan, saute onion in olive oil until they are tender and translucent. Add the risotto to the pan and stir constantly. While stirring, add 1 cup of chicken stock to the risotto. When the mixture begins to thicken, add 12 cup more of chicken stock. Continually stir the risotto while adding in the blue cheese, 2 tablespoons of butter, and pears. When the risotto reaches the desired consistency, add the mushrooms. Garnish with thin slices of pear and sauteed asparagus tips.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.nIn a medium sized pan, saute onions in butter and brown sugar. Cook until the onions begin to caramelize.nIn a separate pan, saute garlic cloves in olive oil until they become slightly tender, and then cover the garlic with chicken stock. Drain the liquid from the garlic and mash the cloves with the onions. Add cheese to the garlic and onion mixture and stir until the cheese melts. Finish the cheese spread with freshly chopped basil.nBrush baguette slices with melted butter on each side. In a large grill pan, toast the buttered baguette pieces over medium heat. Toast the bread until the pieces are browned and slightly crispy. Remove the toast points from the pan and spoon the cheese mixture on top of each piece. Garnish each point with a small basil leaf., ingredients: [8 ounces baby portobellos, sliced, Butter, for sauteing. plus 2 tablespoons, Olive oil, for sauteing, 12 cup asparagus tips, 1 medium Vidalia onion, small dice, 12 ounces arborio rice, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 Bartlett pear, sliced, reserve a few slices, for garnish, 12 ounces Wisconsin blue cheese, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Toast Points with Roasted Garlic, Caramelized Onions, and Goat Cheese, recipe follows, 1 red onion, quartered, 2 tablespoons butter, 6 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 8 large cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup chicken stock, 8 ounces goat cheese, Fresh basil leaves, chopped, plus extra leaves for garnish, 1 baguette, cut diagonally in 14inch slices, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Blue Cheese Risotto and Toast Points topped with Roasted Garlic, Caramelized Onions, and Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 11835: {instructions: Grill the bread over direct medium heat until toasted and grill marks appear, about 2 minutes, turning once halfway through grilling time. Cut bread into cubes and set aside.nIn a large bowl, beat the eggs until frothy, about 3 minutes. Add the sugar, vanilla, nutmeg, cinnamon, and melted butter. Beat until well blended. Add milk, then stir in blackberries and lemon zest. Add bread cubes and toss until mixed well.nLet rest for about 45 minutes, patting the bread down into the liquid occasionally. Transfer bread and egg mixture to a seasoned castiron skillet. Cover bottom of skillet with foil to protect it from soot. Place pan in center of cooking grate and grill over indirect medium heat for 50 to 60 minutes, or until top is wellbrowned and puffy. Slice and serve warm, with ice cream or whipped cream, if desired., ingredients: [5 cups French bread, cubed, 3 large eggs, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 12 tsp. vanilla extract, 1 14 tsp. nutmeg, 1 14 tsp. cinnamon, 2 Tbsp. unsalted butter, 2 cups skim milk, 1 12 cups fresh blackberries, 1 tsp. grated lemon zest, ice cream or whipped cream, optional garnish], title: Fresh Berry Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 11836: {instructions: Cucumber salad: Toss cucumbers, onions, rice vinegar, sugar, and salt in a medium sized bowl. Let it marinate at room temperature for 1 hour.nBurger: Mix ground turkey, rice, panko, green onions, egg, sesame oil, soy sauce, Thai chile, and sugar very well. Make into 4 patties. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat peanut oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute burgers until cooked through, approximately 5 to 6 minutes per side depending on how thick you make them.nWasabi mayonnaise: While burgers are cooking, toast buns, and mix mayonnaise, with wasabi powder, ginger, and lemon peel in a small bowl.nDrain cucumber salad well.nSmear 1 tablespoon wasabi mayonnaise on toasted bun halves, spread with a layer of drained cucumber salad, then top with burger and cover with bun top., ingredients: [1 cucumber, peeled and thinly sliced rounds, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup rice vinegar, 18 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 14 pounds ground turkey, 13 cup steamed jasmine rice, 14 cup panko, 14 cup thinly sliced green onions, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 Thai chili or serrano chile, seeded and minced, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 4 sesame hamburger buns, 12 cup homemade mayonnaise or storebought, 1 teaspoon wasabi powder, 12 teaspoon minced ginger, 1 teaspoon finely chopped lemon peel], title: Jewels TurkeyJasmine Burgers, picturelink: null}, 11837: {instructions: Special equipment: Kamadostyle grillnPreheat the grill to 400 degrees F using hickory lump charcoal.nStack 2 even layers of aluminum foil, and then stack 2 more even layers on top crosswise. Stack 6 of the bamboo leaves on top, alternating each crosswise and lengthwise.nPlace the potatoes into the middle of the bamboo leaves and drizzle with the vegetable oil. Place the remaining bamboo leaves on top of the potatoes in the same alternating layers and tightly close up the whole package so the potatoes stay firmly in place. Wrap in more foil until completely sealed.nRoast the potatoes on the lowest rack of the grill, covered with the lid, until tender and hot, 1 hour 30 minutes.nCombine the basil, almond oil, salt and peppercorns in a clean bowl. Toss in the potatoes until fully coated and the basil begins to wilt. Drizzle in the truffle oil and toss again.nServe the potatoes hot with Turmeric Goat Yogurt Sauce and garnished with the lemon zest and green onions.nCombine the yogurt, turmeric, salt, pepper and garlic in a bowl and mix well. Transfer to a squeeze bottle and refrigerate 1 hour to mellow the raw garlic flavor., ingredients: [1 12 pounds purple potatoes, cut into minipotato size, 1 12 pounds mini white potatoes, 12 bamboo leaves, soaked overnight in water, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 cups fresh basil leaves, picked and torn, 5 tablespoons almond oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, cracked, 2 teaspoons white truffle oil, Turmeric Goat Yogurt Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, Finely grated zest of 2 lemons, for garnish, Green onions, finely sliced, for garnish, 5 tablespoons goat milk yogurt, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch cracked black peppercorns, 1 clove garlic, pureed], title: Bamboo Leaf Purple and White Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 11838: {instructions: For the dough: Combine flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a food processor fitted with metal blade. Pulse several times to mix. Add butter and pulse about 15 to 20 times to reduce mixture to a fine powder. Add eggs and pulse again, continuing to pulse until dough forms a ball. Remove dough from work bowl, wrap and chill. Preheat oven to 325 degrees and set rack in the lowest position. Butter a 9inch layer pan, 2 inches deep. Roll the dough about 14inch thick and line the pan. In rolling, keep the dough as close as possible to the size of the pan.nFor the filling: Whisk sugar and flour together in a mixing bowl, then wisk in eggs, 2 at a time. Whisk in remaining ingredients one at a time. Pour filling into prepared pan and bake for 1 hour, or until the filling is set and the crust is golden. Cool pan and refrigerate covered.nTo unmold, warm bottom of pan and invert tart onto plate or cardboard. Remove pan and replace with another plate or cardboard. Reverse again. Serve very cold., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into 6 to 8 pieces, 2 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup all purpose flour, 8 eggs, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 12 cup strained lemon juice, 2 cups heavy cream], title: Tarte au Citron a la Nicoise, picturelink: null}, 11839: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfry thermometer and deep fryer or Dutch ovennFor the fra diavolo mayonnaise: Bring the lobster stock to a boil in a large saute pan over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and continue cooking until very thick and reduced to about 12 cup, about 15 minutes. Remove to a bowl and refrigerate until slightly cool, about 15 minutes.nWhile the stock is reducing, combine the tomatoes and tomato paste in a medium saucepan and cook over high heat until thickened and reduced to about 12 cup, about 15 minutes. Remove to a bowl and refrigerate until slightly cool, about 15 minutes.nHeat the olive oil in a small saute pan over medium heat, add the garlic and crushed red pepper and cook until soft, about 2 minutes.nCombine the mayonnaise and lobster in a medium bowl, add the reduced lobster stock and tomato puree and mix until combined. Use a slotted spoon to remove the garlic and red pepper mixture from the oil and add the oil to the mayonnaise mixture. Add the oregano and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.nFor the quickpickled Fresno chiles: Combine the vinegar, sugar and salt in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook, whisking occasionally, until the sugar and salt are dissolved, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool for 10 minutes.nPut the chiles in a small heatproof bowl, pour the vinegar mixture over and set the bowl over an ice bath to cool to room temperature, about 15 minutes. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.nFor the basil slaw: Combine the red and green cabbages, basil, onion and lemon zest in a large bowl. Whisk together the lemon juice, Dijon and wholegrain mustards and some salt and pepper in a small bowl. Slowly whisk in the canola oil until emulsified. Pour the dressing over the cabbage and toss well to coat. Cover and let sit at room temperature while you make the fish. Alternatively, prepare the slaw up to 8 hours in advance, cover and refrigerate.nFor the fish: Put the canola oil in a large Dutch oven or deep fryer and heat over low heat until it measures 365 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer.nPut the flour in a shallow bowl and season with salt and pepper. In a second shallow bowl, whisk together the eggs until smooth and season with salt and pepper. Combine the Panko, plain breadcrumbs and cornmeal in a third shallow bowl and season with salt and pepper.nSeason the fish on both sides with salt and pepper. Dredge the fillets in the flour and tap off the excess, dredge in the egg mixture and let any excess drip off, then dredge in the breadcrumb mixture and tap off the excess.nFry the fish in batches until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels and season with salt.nTo serve: Spread both sides of the rolls with some Fra Diavolo mayonnaise and top with a fish fillet, some coleslaw and pickled Fresnos., ingredients: [2 cups lobster stock, 1 cup canned plum tomatoes and their juices, coarsely smashed, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped to a paste, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup finely chopped cooked lobster tail, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup Chardonnay vinegar, 34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 4 Fresno chiles, thinly sliced, 14 head red cabbage, finely shredded, 14 head green cabbage, finely shredded, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, 12 medium red onion, coarsely grated, Finely grated zest and juice of 2 lemons, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup canola oil, 1 quart canola oil, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large eggs, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 cup plain breadcrumbs, 1 cup blue cornmeal, Four 6ounce halibut fillets, 4 soft hoagie rolls, sliced in half and lightly toasted], title: Fish Sandwich with Fra Diavolo Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 11840: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease an oventotable baking dish with some of the butter.nMelt the rest of the butter in a saucepan or small skillet and saute the onion until it becomes translucent. Gradually add the flour to make blond roux, then slowly add the milk and allow the mixture to thicken. Season with white pepper and just a dash of salt and remove from heat. Be careful to avoid overdoing the salt, because there is salt in the cheese.nLayer 13 of the potatoes in the baking dish, followed by 13 of the milk sauce, and 14 cup of the shredded white Cheddar. Repeat the sequence twice for a total of 3 layers. You can top with the breadcrumbs before baking, but omit if making the dish glutenfree. Bake covered for about 45 minutes to 1 hour, removing the cover for the last 10 minutes. You can speed up the cooking time by premicrowaving for 10 to 15 minutes before baking, or even parboiling the potatoes. The scalloped potatoes are done when the potatoes are tender. Let rest a few minutes before serving. Garnish with sliced scallions and bread crumbs.nAll kids seem to love this dish adults too. I keep this dish visually simple using only light colored ingredients, because kids seem to prefer it without green things like the green parts of scallions, or black stuff like ground pepper. However, you can jazz up the color if you like. In the episode, we topped this with bread crumbs  which you can do  but I keep the basic recipe gluten free., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 1 large white onion, diced, 12 cup allpurpose flour or rice flour to make the dish glutenfree, 1 12 cups milk, White pepper, Dash salt be careful because there is salt in the cheese, 34 cup shredded white Cheddar, 4 to 5 potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced, 18 cup finely sliced white parts scallions, for garnish, 18 cup bread crumbs for topping omit for a glutenfree dish], title: Schools Out Scalloped Potatoes, picturelink: 9EMQclf5UfgPfHOdqpgwWspXN78HWK}, 11841: {instructions: In a small bowl stir together mayonnaise, creme fraiche, cornichons, parsley, lemon juice, capers, mustard, tarragon, and salt and pepper, to taste until combined well. Chill., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 4 tablespoons creme fraiche or sour cream, 4 cornichons sour gherkins, minced, or 1 tablespoon minced dill pickle, 2 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves, 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon drained bottled capers, minced, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Pinch dried tarragon, crumbled], title: Celery Root Remoulade, picturelink: null}, 11842: {instructions: Whisk shallots and vinegar in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Gradually whisk in olive oil. Whisk in almonds. Reseason with salt and pepper. Toss endive in a large bowl with enough dressing to coat., ingredients: [1 tablespoon minced shallots, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, 14 cup whole almonds, toasted and finely chopped, 6 cups bitesize pieces curly endive], title: Endive Salad with Toasted Almond Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 11843: {instructions: Add all the ingredients to a blender and blend on high until smooth, about 2 to 3 minutes. Pour into glasses and sprinkle with cocoa powder. Drink up babynCooks Note: Chocolate flavored vodka is now being produced by many fine vodka companies. If you cant find it in your liquor store, try butterscotch schnapps. Its less of a mudslide, but every bit as tastynBecause you cannot enjoy this alone, get a buddy to be bad with., ingredients: [12 cup Irish cream liqueur recommended: Baileys, 14 cup chocolate vodka, 1 pint best quality coffee ice cream, 1 banana, sliced and frozen, 2 tablespoons natural cocoa powder, plus more for sprinkling as garnish], title: Mudslide Milkshake, picturelink: null}, 11844: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpray a large nonstick skillet with cooking spray and preheat it over mediumhigh heat. In a small bowl combine all the ingredients for the rub and coat the steak well on both sides. Cook steak for 14 minutes, turning once, for medium to mediumrare. Allow steak to sit for 5 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons ancho chili powder, or other chili powder, 1 12 teaspoons fine ground espresso coffee, 12 teaspoon brown sugar, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 pound shoulder center steak Ranch Steak, or top sirloin, about 1 14inch thick], title: Cowboy Steak with Coffee and Chili Rub, picturelink: uvw1q1uNkga8DG9ZQHeBgClmM6GZ8u}, 11845: {instructions: Shake with ice in a cocktail shaker.nServe straight up in a martini glass.nGarnish with a bleu cheese stuffed olive., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Ketel One Vodka, 1 oz. olive brine, 1 whole bleu cheese stuffed olive], title: The Ultimate Ketel One Dirty Martini, picturelink: C8YmFX4a.bB4aZQQ5pEQOUyr0IG8NfG}, 11846: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nJuice the lemons and place the strained juice and the bodies into a large pot. Add the sugar to the pot and muddle with the lemon bodies and juice for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the lemon bodies, add the water and stir until the sugar has dissolved.nStrain the mixture into a 3quart glass container and add the cucumbers. Steep for 1 hour. Add the gin and stir to combine. Serve over ice., ingredients: [4 whole lemons, halved, 12 cup sugar, 1 quart water, 1 large cucumber, trimmed and sliced into rounds on a mandoline, 24 ounces gin, Ice cubes], title: Cucumber Lemonade Gin Punch, picturelink: aKDGrGnfkPLd.q1WVsDnzLEH4NFAd0W}, 11847: {instructions: Special Equipment: Ice Cream Maker Pastry bag with a straight medium tip optional Bakers parchmentnTo make the ice cream, pour the milk into a heavybottomed pot. Bring the milk gently to a boil over medium heat, being careful not to scorch it or allow it to boil over. Lower the heat and simmer 10 minutes, uncovered. Remove from heat.nMeanwhile, in the large bowl of an electric mixer, bet the egg yolks and sugar together at medium speed 5 minutes. Then add several tablespoons of the hot milk to the eggsugar mixture to temper the eggs. Return the pot of milk to the stove and, over low heat, add the egg yolksugar mixture in a slow, steady stream, stirring with a wooden spoon. Continue to cook 7 or 8 minutes, stirring constantly, until the custard has thickened and coats the back of a spoon. Remove from heat and cool completely in an ice water bath. Stir in the bourbon, rum, and nutmeg. When the custard has cooled completely, add the heavy cream and freeze according to the directions for your ice cream maker. While the ice cream is freezing, begin the pate a choux, the classic French pastry from which cream puff shells profiteroles are made.nBeing careful not to break the yolks, break the eggs into a measuring cup or another container from which they can be poured one at a time, and set the container beside the stove. In a heavybottomed pot, bring the water, butter, salt, and sugar to a boil. When the liquid boils, stir in the flour all at once, using a wooden spoon. Reduce the heat to low and stir continuously 3 to 4 minutes, until the mixture pulls together and away from the sides of the pot. Chefs call this cooking the flour out. What you are doing is coking away the raw flour flavor.nStill over low heat, add the eggs, one at a time, incorporating each egg individually until it is completely absorbed by the flour before adding the next one. During this process, the mixture will take on a shiny gloss and become very elastic. When all of the eggs have been incorporated, remove from heat, place the mixture in a stainlesssteel bowl and cool completely.nTo make the profiteroles, preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Using a pastry bag with a straight medium tip, pipe out approximately 1 rounded tablespoon batter for each profiterole onto a cookie sheet lined with lightly buttered bakers parchment, spacing them approximately 1 inch apart. If a bag and tip are unavailable, use a tablespoon to mound the batter on the bakers paper.nBrush each profiterole lightly with the egg wash, place in the preheated oven and bake 15 minutes before reducing the temperature to 350 degrees. Bake until the puffs are golden brown, about 12 minutes more. Remove from oven and allow to cool. When they have cooled completely, cut open and fill with a small scoop of ice cream. As you fill each profiterole, place it in the freezer to keep the ice cream frozen until you are ready to serve. To serve, place 1 profiterole on each plate, top with Fudge Sauce, and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 6 extralarge egg yolks, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons bourbon, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 5 extralarge whole eggs, 1 cup water, 1 stick 14 pound unsalted butter, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon granulated sugar, 1 cup sifted unbleached flour, 1 recipe Fudge Sauce recipe follows, 1 egg combined with 1 tablespoon water], title: Profiteroles with Bourbon Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 11848: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook until brown and crispy about 8 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with a paper towel.nTo the same skillet add the onions and cook until they just start to caramelize, about 10 minutes. Remove from the pan and set aside on a baking sheet. While the onions cook, add the flour to a glass baking dish and season with salt and pepper. Add the chicken and toss to coat.nTo the same skillet add 3 tablespoons olive oil, add the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Saute the mushrooms until browned, about 8 minutes and remove to the baking sheet with the onions.nShake off any excess flour from the chicken and put on a plate. Add 3 tablespoons olive oil to the skillet and add the chicken. Cook the chicken until browned, about 6 minutes and transfer to the baking sheet.nTurn the heat to medium and add the garlic and tomato paste. Cook for 2 minutes and deglaze the pan with 34 of the bottle of wine, making sure to scrape the brown bits from the bottom of the pan. While the wine comes to a simmer, add the thyme, chicken, mushrooms and onions and let simmer for 3 minutes. If sauce is too thick add remaining red wine. Add butter, taste and adjust seasonings, if necessary.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the pasta and cook until al dente about 8 to 10 minutes.nDrain the pasta, transfer to a large serving bowl and top with the chicken and wine sauce. Garnish with the parsley, pancetta and a drizzle of the remaining olive oil., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, divided, 14 pound pancetta, chopped, 1 pound cipollini onions, peeled and sliced in 12, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds boneless skinless chicken breast, cut into bitesize pieces, 1 pound crimini mushrooms, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 bottle mediumbodied Italian red wine, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 pound linguine, Fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped], title: Coq Au Vinguine, picturelink: null}, 11849: {instructions: Pat chicken dry using paper towels and set aside. Combine Pataksu00ae Mild Curry Paste, vinegar, oil, salt and pepper in a bowl and stir to combine. Add chicken to marinade turning to coat thoroughly. Cover and marinade at room temperature for 10 to 15 minutes. Preheat grill to medium or about 350. Coat grill grates with oil to prevent sticking. Grill chicken for 5 to 7 minutes per side or until cooked through. Remove from heat and allow cooling for 5 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 6ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 2 tablespoons Pataksu00ae Mild Curry Paste, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt and pepper to taste], title: MildCurry Grilled Chicken, picturelink: null}, 11850: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, whisk together all the glaze ingredients and set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine all the meatloaf ingredients and mix well. Press the mixture into a 9 by 5inch loaf pan. Bake for 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and brush some of the glaze over the top of the meatloaf. Bake for 30 minutes more. Remove from oven and let stand for 5 minutes. Turn the meatloaf out onto a serving platter and spoon the remaining glaze over the top before serving., ingredients: [14 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar, 2 pounds ground beef, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 2 large eggs, 1 slice white bread, torn into pieces, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Brookes Homemade Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 11851: {instructions: I think this is best made just before serving, in front of your friends. Halve your peaches, remove their stones, then pop them into a liquidizer and blitz until smooth. Add a splash of water if needed and put the puree into a jug. If you dont have a liquidizer just use your hands to squeeze, mash and really push the peaches through a sieve so you get as much as possible of their wonderful flavour and the colour from their skins into the puree. You can get the puree as fine as you like, but I dont mind the thickness...its quite rustic. Discard or eat whatever is left behind in the sieve, then pour the Prosecco into the jug and gently mix together. Divide among six glasses right away, and top up with a little more Prosecco, if need be, and enjoy, ingredients: [2 ripe peaches, flat ones if you can get them, 1 750 ml bottle chilled Prosecco], title: Nini Bellini, picturelink: null}, 11852: {instructions: Since each pounded, flattened chicken should have a large circumference, it will be necessary to cook the four breasts one at a time, setting each aside on a warm platter as you finish those that remain or use two pans to cook two simultaneously.nSeason the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat a large, heavy skillet over medium heat. Add 12 tablespoon of butter to the hot pan and heat the butter until it begins to foam. Add the firstnbreast and sear, cooking for 3 to 4 minutes on a side before turning it over and allowing another 4 minutes on the second side. Remove the chicken from the pan and place on a warm platter. Repeat for the remaining chicken breasts, adding butter to the pan and sauteeing both sides. After all the chicken has been cooked and removed from the pan, add the shallots and cook two minutes until translucent. Lower the heat, move the pan away, and cautiously add the brandy. Being careful not to flame the brandy, return the pan to the stove, and over low heat, allow it to cook off. Add the white wine to the pan, raise the heat, and bring quickly to the boil. Stir in the mustard. Allow this to cook for 1 minute before adding the veal stock. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes more. Add the cream. Bring just to the boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the chives.nPlace the ovenproof platter of chicken breasts in a preheated 350 degree oven for 1 to 2 minutes to reheat them very quickly before placing them on individual dishes and topping with some of the Diane Sauce. Serve with garlic mashed potatoes., ingredients: [4 6 ounce chicken breasts, butterflied and pounded with a meat tenderizer to 14inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons chopped shallots, 2 ounces fine brandy, 14 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 34 cup veal stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: Chicken Paillard with Chive and Mustard Sauce Diane, picturelink: null}, 11853: {instructions: 1. Heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and cook until translucent, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Add garlic, oregano and thyme cook until garlic is light golden brown, about 1 minute. Using a whisk, mix cornstarch with 12 cup water until dissolved. Add cornstarch mixture, wine, chicken bouillon and sugar to skillet. Bring wine mixture to a boil and cook until the sauce is reduced by half, 2  5 minutes. Stir beans into sauce and cook until heated through, about 2 minutes more.n2. Add cooked, hot pasta to skillet stir to coat completely with sauce. Divide pasta evenly among serving bowls. Garnish with fresh thyme, if desired., ingredients: [2 tbsp. Goyau00ae Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 12 medium yellow onion, chopped about 12 cup, 1 tbsp. Goyau00ae Minced Garlic or 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tsp. dried oregano, 1 tsp. dried thyme, 1 tsp. cornstarch, 1 cup white wine, 1 packet Goyau00ae Chicken Bouillon, 1 tsp. sugar, 1 can 15.5 oz. Goyau00ae Cannellini Beans, drained and rinsed, 1 can 15.5 oz. Goyau00ae Red Kidney Beans, drained and rinsed, 1 box 10 oz. spinach fettuccine, cooked according to package directions, Fresh thyme leaves optional], title: Herbed Pasta Perfection, picturelink: t13l6IFoxc.mSFV0SJREXWvLFXHo1u6}, 11854: {instructions: Combine the yeast and the warm water in a small bowl and stir with a fork to dissolve the yeast. Let stand for 3 minutes. Combine the flours and salt in a large bowl. Pour the cool water and the yeast mixture over the flour, and mix with your fingers to form a shaggy mass. Move the dough to a lightly floured work surface and knead for 4 minutes. It should be supple and resilient, but not too smooth at this point. Let the dough rest on the work surface for 20 minutes, covered with plastic wrap or a light towel. This rest period is the autolyse.nKnead the dough for 6 to 8 minutes. Dont overknead it: The dough should be smooth, stretchy, and resilient. Place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl, turn it in the bowl to coat with oil, and cover it with plastic wrap. Let rise at room temperature  75 to 77 degrees F for 1 12 to 2 hours, or until nearly doubled in volume.nGently deflate the dough and fold it over itself in the bowl. Reshape it into a ball and cover with plastic wrap. Let it rise for 1 14 hours or until it has nearly doubled again. Gently deflate the dough again, reshape into a round, cover, and let rise for about 1 hour. Place the dough on a very lightly floured surface and divide it into 3 equal pieces about 10 ounces each. Gently stretch one piece into a rectangle, leaving some large bubbles in the dough. Fold the top third down and the bottom third up as if you were folding a business letter. Now form the loaf into a log by rolling the dough over from left to right and sealing the seam with the heel of your palm. Fold the dough over about 1 3 of the way each time, seal the length of the loaf, then repeat. You want to gently draw the skin tight over the surface of the baguette while leaving some air bubbles in the dough. Seal the seam, being careful not to tear the skin of the dough or deflate its airy structure. Set aside on the work surface to relax before elongating it, and repeat the shaping process with remaining pieces of dough.nNow elongate each baguette, starting with the first one you shaped, by rolling it back and forth on the work surface. Begin with both hands over the center of the loaf and work them out to the ends until the loaf reaches the desired length. Dont get carried away, or the baguettes wont fit in your oven Place the finished loaves on a peel or upside down baking sheet lined with parchment paper and generously sprinkled with cornmeal or on a baguette pan. Cover the loaves with well oiled plastic or a floured cloth and let rise for 30 to 40 minutes until the loaves are slightly plump but still not doubled in volume. The final rise is short, because you want the baguettes to be slightly under proofed this will give them a better oven spring, resulting in loaves with a light, airy crumb and more flared cuts.nThirty minutes before baking, preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Place a baking stone in the oven to preheat, and place an empty water pan directly under the stone. Use a very sharp razor blade or lame to make 3 to 5 slashes, depending on the length of your loaves, on the top of each baguette. The cuts should run from one end of the loaf to the other, rather than across it, and the blade should be held at a 30 degree angle to the loaf so that the cuts pop open in the oven. Be careful not to press down too hard, or you may deflate the loaves. Using a plant sprayer, mist the loaves.nGently slide the loaves onto the preheated stone, or place the baguette mold in the oven. Pour 1 cup of very hot water into the water pan and quickly close the oven door. After 1 minute, mist the loaves and oven walls 6 to 8 times and close the door. After 2 more minutes, spray the loaves and the oven walls again.nBake for 12 minutes, then lower the oven temperature to 400 degrees F and bake for 25 to 30 minutes longer until the loaves are golden brown and crisp. Move them to a rack to cool.nEnjoy your baguettes still slightly warm with some soft, ripe French cheese and a glass of wine.nNote: If cake flour is not available, you can use the same amount of unbleached allpurpose flour, but cake flour will give the baguette a lighter texture., ingredients: [1 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 14 cup, 2 ounces very warm water  105 to 115 degrees F, 3 cups, 13 12 ounces unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 cup, 4 12 ounces cake flour see note, 2 14 teaspoons Kosher salt, 1 14 cups plus 1 tablespoon, 10 12 ounces cool water  75 degrees F], title: The Baguette, picturelink: null}, 11855: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCoat a 9inch tart pan with cooking spray. Fit piecrust into pan according to package directions.nBake for 10 minutes or until golden. Remove crust from oven sprinkle with 1 cup of the cheese blend.nLower the oven to 375 degrees F.nSaute leeks in hot oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat until tender sprinkle over crust. Arrange tomatoes over leeks sprinkle with basil and garlic.nStir together remaining 1 cup cheese blend, chopped bacon, and next 4 ingredients in a bowl. Spoon cheese mixture over tart, spreading to edges.nBake for 25 minutes or until golden. Cut tart into 4 slices. Garnish, with basil sprigs, if desired., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 12 15ounce package refrigerated piecrusts, 1 8ounce package shredded Italian threecheese blend, divided, 3 medium leeks, thinly sliced about 1 cup, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 plum tomatoes, sliced, 1 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, coarsely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 12 2.1ounce package fully cooked bacon slices, chopped, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon pepper, Garnish: fresh basil sprigs], title: TomatoLeekBacon Tart, picturelink: null}, 11856: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd the olive oil and sausages to a large Dutch oven set over mediumhigh heat and sear until browned, about 3 minutes. Remove the sausages to a plate and set aside. Sprinkle the chicken thighs on both sides with salt and pepper, then sear the chicken in the Dutch oven, 4 to 5 minutes per side remove to a plate and set aside.nNow, add the mushrooms, pearl onions, red peppers, roasted garlic and pepper flakes to the pot sprinkle with salt and pepper. Saute until the vegetables are softened and the pearl onions translucent, 4 minutes. Add the wine, bring to a boil, and then simmer for 5 minutes, deglazing the pan.nIn a large roasting pan add the browned sausages and chicken thighs, the sauteed vegetables, and the chicken stock and marinara sauce. Tie the thyme and rosemary into a bundle using butchers twine and add it to the pan. Stir all the ingredients together and transfer the roasting pan to the oven. Cook until the chicken thighs are cooked through and tender and the sauce has thickened, 35 to 45 minutes. Remove the herb bundle.nServe the cacciatore on a large serving platter, garnished with parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound sweet fennel sausage links, cut into large pieces, 6 chicken thighs, bonein and skinon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup thickly sliced cremini mushrooms, 1 cup frozen pearl onions, thawed, 1 cup diced red bell peppers, 1 head garlic, roasted, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 cup dry red wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup marinara sauce, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons fresh flatleaf parsley leaves], title: Chicken Thigh and Fennel Sausage Cacciatore Hunter Style, picturelink: oj2OibXJO1usGOMnGkbmuiF6slBssm2}, 11857: {instructions: Combine butter, broth, and cream in a 2 cup glass measure. Cook in microwave, uncovered, at 100 percent for 5 minutes. Reserve. Combine tomatoes, olive oil, garlic, pepper flakes, and parsley in a 4 cup glass measure. Cook, uncovered, at 100 percent for 5 minutes. Reserve. Place a large pot of water on the stove to boil for the spaghetti. In a 11 by 2inch round dish, arrange the vegetables in concentric rings, with broccoli inside rim, then green beans, zucchini, snow peas, and asparagus. Mound peas in center. Toss mushroom slices and pine nuts in oil and sprinkle over vegetables. Cover tightly with microwaveable plastic wrap. Cook at 100 percent for 7 minutes. Cook pasta in boiling water and drain. Remove vegetables from oven and pierce plastic with the tip of a sharp knife. Reheat reserved sauces at the same time, in their separate measures, uncovered, at 100 percent for 4 minutes. Place drained pasta in a large ceramic dish that will fit into the microwave oven. While pasta is hot, toss with vegetables, cream sauce, and one half the tomato sauce. Reheat pasta, uncovered, at 100 percent for 4 minutes. Remove from oven and toss with Parmesan cheese, salt, and basil. To serve, spoon some of remaining tomato sauce over each portion.  Can use canned tomatoes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chicken broth, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 cups lightly cooked crushed tomatoes , 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, peeled, and minced, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup finely chopped parsley, 4 cups broccoli florets about 6 ounces, 34 pound green beans, trimmed and cut into 1inch lengths about 1 12 cups, 12 pound zucchini, trimmed and cut into 2 by 12 by 12inch strips, 34 cup snow peas, trimmed, 4 asparagus spears, trimmed, peeled, and cut into 2inch lengths, 12 cup green peas, fresh or frozen, 2 cups thinly sliced mushrooms about 12 pound, 13 cup pine nuts, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 pound spaghetti or spaghettini, 23 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 6 fresh leaves basil], title: Pasta Primavera, picturelink: null}, 11858: {instructions: In a pot over medium heat, whisk the mustard, honey, molasses, vinegar, hot sauce and Worcestershire.nBring to a simmer and cook for 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups yellow mustard, 1 cup honey, 1 cup molasses, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup hot sauce, such as Franks Red Hot, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce], title: Golden Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 11859: {instructions: In a bowl whisk together the flour, the baking powder, and the salt, stir in the water, and knead the mixture on a floured surface until it forms a soft but not sticky dough. Let the dough stand, covered with a kitchen towel, for 15 minutes. Pull off eggsize pieces of the dough and pat and stretch them into 14inch thick rounds. Poke a hole with a finger through the center of each round so that the breads will fry evenly. In a large heavy skillet heat the shortening over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking, in it fry the rounds, 1 at a time, for 2 minutes on each side, or until they are golden, and transfer the breads as they are fried to paper towels to drain., ingredients: [4 cups all purpose flour, 1 tablespoon doubleacting baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups warm water, 1 cup vegetable shortening], title: Navajo Fry Bread, picturelink: null}, 11860: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine flour and baking soda. In a large bowl with an electric mixer cream butter with sugars until fluffy add vanilla and mix well. Beat in egg and cream. On low speed gradually add flour mixture, beating until mixed. Stir in chocolate chips. Drop by heaping tablespoonfuls onto greased cookie sheets flatten cookies slightly with back of a fork. Bake 12 to 13 minutes cookies will still feel soft. Cool for 2 minutes on cookie sheets, then remove to wire racks to cool completely., ingredients: [2 14 cups flour, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 2 sticks butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon light cream, 1 12ounce package semisweet chocolate chips 2 cups], title: Chocolate Chunk Cookies, picturelink: null}, 11861: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat the bottom and sides of a 9inchround cake pan with cooking spray and line with parchment paper. Put the walnuts, cinnamon and 14 cup sugar in a food processor pulse until finely ground but not powdery. Whisk the egg yolks, orange zest and vanilla, if using, in a small bowl.nBeat the egg whites and salt in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until foamy. Beat in the remaining 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, until soft peaks form, about 8 minutes. Fold in the yolk mixture and dates, then fold in the ground walnut mixture. Scrape the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until the cake is golden and a toothpick comes out clean, 23 to 25 minutes. Let cool in the pan on a rack, then run a knife along the sides and invert the cake onto a platter.nMake the glaze: Put the chocolate, margarine and honey in a microwavesafe bowl, cover with plastic wrap and microwave until the margarine melts, about 2 minutes. Whisk until smooth. Cool slightly, then pour over the cake. Top with walnuts., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 3 cups walnut halves, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup sugar, 4 large eggs, separated, 2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract optional, Pinch of kosher salt, 34 cup chopped pitted dates, For the Glaze:, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 4 tablespoons unsalted margarine for kosher or butter, cut into small pieces, 1 teaspoon honey, Chopped toasted walnuts, for topping], title: Flourless WalnutDate Cake, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 11862: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 toothpicksnAdd enough oil to a heavy bottom straightsided pan to come 2 inches up the sides. Heat over medium heat to 350 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer.nMeanwhile, mix together the chicken, Cheddar, 12 cup salsa and the cumin in a medium bowl. Spoon about a 14 cup of the mixture into the center of each tortilla. Roll the tortillas tightly around the filling and secure with a toothpick.nWorking in batches of 2 or 3 at a time, place the taquitos in the hot oil and fry, flipping as needed to brown evenly, until crispy and golden brown, about 3 minutes. Using tongs, remove the taquitos to a papertowel lined plate to drain. Continue with the remaining taquitos. Serve alongside salsa and sour cream for dipping, if desired., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, 1 cup shredded mild white Cheddar cheese, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 cup chunky prepared salsa, plus more for serving, optional, Eight 6inch flour tortillas, 12 cup sour cream, for serving, optional], title: Crispy Chicken Taquitos, picturelink: NzRZ1U0eiGFH51TMityuE8kG3we1NKm}, 11863: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nWhisk together cream and chipotle puree until smooth.nIn a 9 by 9inch casserole dish, arrange the potatoes in even layers. Drizzle with 3 tablespoons of the cream mixture and season with salt and pepper. Repeat with the remaining potatoes, cream, and salt and pepper to form 10 layers.nCover and bake for 30 minutes, remove cover and continue baking for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until the cream has been absorbed and the potatoes are cooked through and the top is browned., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 1 heaping tablespoon chipotle pepper puree, 3 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced 18inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Chile Scalloped Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: IGwG5PTQaCi2cUvESn0jMEv31y8HvK}, 11864: {instructions: Special equipment: a 12quart pot with a tightfitting lidnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the meat with salt and pepper.nHeat pot over medium high heat and add the vegetable oil. Working in small batches, saute the lamb until golden brown in color. Set aside. Add the onion, carrots, and barley to the pot. Stir to coat, about 1 minute. Add the chicken stock, stout, bay leaf, and thyme to the pot. Return the lamb to the pot, place the potatoes on top and bring to a simmer. Cover and cook for 1 12 to 2 hours or until the lamb is fork tender.nSeason with salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish with the parsley and chives. Serve with Irish Soda Bread.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the flours, oats, brown sugar, salt, baking soda, and baking powder. Grate the cold butter into the dry ingredients and blend by hand until the mixture resembles cornmeal.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the buttermilk and the egg. Using your hands, mix the wet and dry mixtures together until the dough can be formed into a ball.nTurn the dough out on to a lightly floured surface and knead for 5 minutes until soft and elastic. Shape the dough into a round loaf, about 6 inches in diameter. Place on a parchmentlined baking sheet.nDust the top of the loaf with flour. Use a sharp knife to cut an X into the dough, about half the depth of the loaf and to within 1inch of the edge. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes see Cooks Note., ingredients: [4 pounds lamb shoulder, cubed, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, 24 pearl onions, peeled, root end trimmed, 2 medium carrots, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 12 cup dried pearl barley, 3 cups chicken stock or water, 2 cups stout, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 new potatoes, cut in half, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, for garnish, Irish Soda Bread, recipe follows, 2 cups whole wheat bread flour, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 1 egg], title: Irish Stew, picturelink: null}, 11865: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender, combine the eggs, milk, flour, sugar, and salt. Blend until the mixture forms a smooth batter. Preheat a 10inch nonstick crepe pan or skillet over medium lowheat. Melt 1 cube of butter in the pan. Add 14 cup of batter and quickly tilt the pan to form an even coating of batter on the bottom of the pan. Cook until set and slightly browned, about 1 minute. Using a heatresistant spatula, carefully loosen the sides and gently flip the crepe over. Cook for 1 minute. Repeat with the remaining butter and batter.nAdd 1 tablespoon of peanut butter to each crepe and, using the back of a spoon, spread evenly over the crepes leaving a 12inch border. Spread 1 to 2 teaspoons of jam over the peanut butter. Line 5 to 6 blueberries along the center of each crepe. Fold the crepe in half over the blueberries. Fold the 2 ends inward and continue to roll into a tube shape. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Cut each crepe in half horizontally and arrange on a platter. Dust with powdered sugar and serve., ingredients: [4 eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 12 cup flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 18 teaspoon fine sea salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12 cubes, 13 cup creamy peanut butter, at room temperature, 12 cup strawberry or raspberry jam, 12 cup 2 ounces fresh blueberries, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: PB and J Crepes, picturelink: s7fjxH3DO2fLUlenXQ0A8S71mFLU3e}, 11866: {instructions: Half shell the clams and set them aside. Mix the flour, bread crumbs, Parmesan, salt, and pepper.nIn a large pan over high heat, render the bacon fat. Sprinkle a generous coating of the flour mixture over all the clams and carefully place them flesh side down, using a spoon, into the fat. Cook for about two minutes and remove to serving plates flesh side up. Top them with fresh parsley and malt vinegar., ingredients: [24 Little Neck clams, 14 cup flour, 14 cup seasoned bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon Parmesan, grated, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon fresh pepper, 3 tablespoons bacon fat, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Malt vinegar], title: Radonsky for the New Millenium, picturelink: null}, 11867: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, add the potatoes, garlic, chili peppers, a pinch of parsley, salt, and black pepper, to taste. Add 34 cup of olive oil and mix well. Spread the potato mixture on an ovenproof pan, packing the mixture so it serves as a solid bed for the tuna.nSpread half of the fennel seeds, lemon rinds, basil and pieces of plum tomato sparingly on top of the potato mixture. Add the tuna slices on top, covering the baking dish. Spread the remainder of the lemon rinds, crushed fennel seeds, and pieces of plum tomatoes on top of the tuna. Generously sprinkle with the bread crumbs, and drizzle the remaining extravirgin olive oil on top.nBake in the oven for approximately 10 minutes., ingredients: [6 potatoes, boiled, peeled and finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chili peppers, Bunch fresh Italian parsley, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, crushed, 2 tablespoons, lemon rinds or zest, Bunch fresh basil, torn, 8 peeled plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 1 12 pounds fresh tuna, thinly sliced, 1 12 cups bread crumbs], title: Fabios Lazy Tuna, picturelink: null}, 11868: {instructions: For the sauce: In a saucepan over medium heat, warm the butter until melted. Then stir in the flour, stirring through the process, until light brown and smooth. Next, add the milk, again stir and allow the roux to absorb the milk. Then season with the salt and white pepper and add the parsley. This process should take 4 to 5 minutes. Hold the sauce warm.nFor the steaks: Preheat oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees F. With a meat tenderizer, pound the steaks until double in size and 14inch thick. Add the salt and black pepper to the flour. Then dredge a steak in the flour, then the egg wash and finally again in the flour. Repeat the process with all the steaks. Then drop them in the fryer and cook for 1 12 minutes. Flip and finish until golden brown, a final 2 minutes. Remove from the fryer and allow any excess oil to drip off on paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nTo serve, portion the potatoes, and then top with 4 pieces asparagus, then steak and finish with the sauce to the side of the steak and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Vegetable oil, for frying, Four 5ounce rib eye steaks, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, plus more for sprinkling, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup egg wash equal parts milk and eggs, 2 cups mashed potatoes, warmed, 16 stalks pencil asparagus, poached], title: Chicken Fried Steak, picturelink: SWb.zdc99MoGWZdJSM9skbnK0TGxGTm}, 11869: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine sugar and water in a small saucepan over high heat, bring to a boil and cook until the sugar melts, transfer to a bowl set over a bowl of ice and stir to cool down.nPlace the lime juice, zest and water in a bowl, add the sugar syrup, to taste.nFill a blender with 2 cups of the limeade, 14 to 12 cup of tequila depending on your taste and 1 cup of crushed ice and blend until combined. Pour into tall glasses. Repeat with the remaining limeade. Garnish with lime wedge, ingredients: [34 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 1 cup fresh cold lime juice, 1 lime, zested, 2 12 cups cold water, Tequila, Crushed ice, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Frozen Tequila Limeade, picturelink: DosQE6dFrgW2hRU5rRy4rWpMWrDBEpq}, 11870: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, mix together the cake batter and pistachios. Pour onto a baking sheet lined with a silicone baking mat. Transfer to the oven and bake until golden brown and crispy, about 10 minutes. Let cool completely, then transfer to a food processor and pulse to a coarse crumble.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace 1 tablespoon of the butter in 8 ramekins, and rub all around the inside. Divide 14 cup of the sugar between the ramekins and turn so the insides are coated with sugar. Divide the peaches between the ramekins.nIn a large bowl, combine the remaining 14 cup sugar and the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt stir to incorporate. In a separate bowl, combine the buttermilk, vanilla, eggs and lemon zest. Melt the remaining stick butter in a small saucepan and cook until brown pour into the wet ingredients and mix together with a whisk. Add the wet mixture to the dry, and stir with a spatula until combined.nPour the batter over the peaches, filling to just below the top of the ramekins. Set the ramekins on a small baking sheet and transfer to the oven. Bake for 25 minutes. Let cool for 7 to 10 minutes.nRun a paring knife or small offset spatula around the edge of each ramekin, and then invert the cakes onto serving plates., ingredients: [1 cup batter from Peach UpsideDown Cake, recipe follows, 12 cup chopped pistachios, 2 sticks butter, 12 cup sugar, 2 ripe peaches, pitted, sliced into eighths, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups buttermilk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 3 eggs, Zest of 12 lemon], title: Pistachio Crumble, picturelink: null}, 11871: {instructions: To make the sauce: Pour the oil into a medium size saucepan, add the onion, a pinch of salt and pepper and saute at medium to mediumhigh heat until the onion becomes golden and tender and you can see through it. Add the pine nuts, the raisins and the olives, for a tangy taste, add the capers. Saute for about 3 more minutes. Add the can of tomatoes add about 12 can of water to thin the sauce for cooking and cook at medium heat for about at least 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Lastly, add the basil leaves for a more fresh and tasty flavor.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTo make the stuffing: in a medium bowl, beat the eggs and gradually add the bread crumbs, raisins, pine nuts, tentacles and cheese. Mix to a soft consistency. Stuff squid loosely with the mixture and secure opening with a small skewer or toothpick. Place a single layer of squid in a medium baking dish 9 by 13inches. Top with the sauce. Sprinkle a little grated romano, some dry seasoned bread crumbs, a pinch of salt and pepper over the sauce, then drizzle with some olive oil. Cover pan with aluminum foil and bake for about 45 minutes or until tender., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 large onion, sliced thinly preferably sweet white Vidalia onion, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup pine nuts, 14 cup raisins, 14 cup Italian or kalamata olives preferably pitted, 1 teaspoon capers, optional, One 24ounce can peeled crushedground tomatoes recommended: Kitchen Ready, 5 or 6 basil leaves, torn, 3 eggs, 34 cup seasoned bread crumbs, plus extra for sprinkling, 1 tablespoon raisins, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon pine nuts, coarsely chopped, 14 cup chopped squid tentacles, 1 tablespoon caciocavallo cheese or Pecorino Romano, chopped into small cubes, 12 cleaned fresh or frozen medium squid, Grated Romano, Dry seasoned bread crumbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Baked Stuffed Squid: Calamari Ripieni al Forno, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 11872: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Using a pencil, draw an 8by10inch rectangle on a piece of parchment paper. Turn the parchment paper over so the pencil mark doesnt get onto the chocolate and place it on a sheet pan.nPlace the pistachios in one layer on another sheet pan and bake for 8 minutes. Set aside to cool.nPlace three quarters of the white chocolate in a heatproof glass bowl and put it in the microwave on high for 30 seconds. Time it with your watch for accuracy. Stir the chocolate with a rubber spatula, return it to the microwave for another 30 seconds, then stir again. Continue to heat and stir in 30second intervals until the chocolate is just melted. Immediately stir in the remaining chocolate and allow it to sit at room temperature, stirring often, until its completely smooth. If you need to heat it a little more, place it in the microwave for another 15 seconds.nPour the melted chocolate onto the parchment paper and spread it lightly to fill the drawn rectangle. Sprinkle the top evenly with the cooled pistachios, cranberries and apricots. Press the nuts and fruit lightly so they will set in the chocolate. Set aside for at least 2 hours until firm or refrigerate for 20 minutes. Cut or break the bark in 16 pieces and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup whole shelled salted pistachios, 16 ounces good white chocolate, finely chopped, 14 cup dried cranberries, 14 cup mediumdiced dried apricots], title: White Chocolate Bark, picturelink: null}, 11873: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Grease a 9inch springform pan and line the bottom of the pan with parchment.nFinely grind the hazelnuts in a food processor until they reach a coarse, sandy consistency.nEither in the microwave or in a double boiler over hot water, melt the chocolate with the oil and butter, stirring together to form a homogenous mixture. Set aside in a warm place.nWith a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites and salt to soft peaks and set aside. Switch to the paddle attachment and, in a separate bowl, beat the egg yolks, sugars, and vanilla extract on mediumhigh speed untilnthick and creamy, about 5 minutes. Reduce the speed of the mixer to low and add thenchocolate and butter mixture, then the cocoa powder. Fold in the whipped egg whites until smooth.nPour into a greased and parchmentlined 9inch springform pan and bake for 45 to 50 minutes, just until a wooden skewer inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean., ingredients: [1 cup blanched hazelnuts, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate at least 60 cacao, 14 cup canola oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 6 eggs, separated, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons Dutchprocess cocoa], title: Flourless Hazelnut and Dark Chocolate Torte, picturelink: null}, 11874: {instructions: Combine the gin, cranberry juice, Brown Sugar Syrup, wine, lime juice and bitters in a metal cocktail shaker and top with ice. Shake vigorously, and then strain into a chilled coupe glass. Over the coupe glass, spritz the peel in front of a lit match to flame. Slide the flamed peel into the drink to garnish.nIn small skillet, bring the sugar and 12 cup water to a boil. Stir until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and allow to cool to room temperature before bottling for later use., ingredients: [2 ounces Plymouth gin, 34 ounce cranberry juice, 34 ounce Brown Sugar Syrup, recipe follows, 34 ounce earthy cabernet wine, 12 ounce fresh lime juice, 1 drop lavender bitters, Ice, for shaking, 1 piece grapefruit peel, for garnish, 1 cup brown sugar], title: Usha, picturelink: null}, 11875: {instructions: Mix the ingredients together. Divide among 6 jars or footed cellophane bags. Seal with a ribbon and sticker or a gift tag.nCopyright 2011 Cooking Channel, LLC. All rights reserved., ingredients: [12 ounces highquality dark chocolate, cut into chunks about 3 cups, 23 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup dried apricots, quartered, 12 pieces candied ginger, coarsely chopped, 1 cup lightly toasted pecans or walnuts], title: ApricotDark Chocolate Trail Mix, picturelink: null}, 11876: {instructions: Combine the strawberries, sugar, lemon juice and 2 tablespoons water in a saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the berries break down, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat stir in the vanilla.nStrain through a finemesh sieve into a bowl, pressing against the solids let cool completely. To store, cover and refrigerate up to 4 days.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [3 cups strawberries, finely chopped, 12 cup sugar, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Strawberry Sauce, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 11877: {instructions: For the noodles: Bring a large pot of water to boil over high heat. Add the noodles and salt, stir, and cook until al dente, about 4 minutes. Drain in a colander and rinse with cold water, and then shake out any excess water and transfer to a bowl. Pour the sesame oil over the noodles and toss well to coat.nFor the toppings: Heat a wok over high heat until smoking and pour in the peanut oil. Add the ginger, chiles and garlic and stirfry for 30 seconds, and then add the ground beef and cook, breaking up the meat with a spatula, until browned, 2 to 3 minutes.nStir in the cornichons, sesame paste, soy sauce, rice wine, vinegar and peppercorns and cook until the beef begins to crisp. Season with white pepper and remove from the heat.nFor the garnish: Mix together the chili oil, sesame oil, soy, peppercorns and chiles in a small bowl.nTo serve, divide the noodles among 6 deep soup bowls and sprinkle the meat topping evenly over each. Pour the hot stock evenly over the noodles, and serve with the chili oil mixture, scallions and cilantro alongside at the table for garnishing., ingredients: [Noodles:, 1 pound flat wide wheatflour noodles udon, Pinch sea salt, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 tablespoon finely grated freshly peeled ginger root, 3 red Fresno chiles, stemmed, seeded and finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 9 ounces ground beef, 12 cup finely diced cornichons or sweet gherkins, 1 tablespoon Chinese sesame paste, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Shaoshing rice wine or dry sherry, 1 tablespoon Chinkiang black rice vinegar or balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon ground Sichuan peppercorns, Freshly ground white pepper, 14 cup chili oil, 14 cup toasted sesame oil, 14 cup light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon ground Sichuan peppercorns, 3 red Fresno chiles, stemmed, seeded and finely diced, 2 large scallions, finely chopped, 1 small handful fresh cilantro, leaves and stems, finely chopped, 3 to 4 cups lowsodium chicken stock, very hot], title: Chings Midnight Dan Dan Noodles, picturelink: null}, 11878: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nMix the garlic powder, paprika, red pepper and salt in a bowl. Toss the kale in the oil. Season the kale with the spice mixture. Evenly spread the leaves out on a tray. Bake until crispy, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [14 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 bunch kale, cleaned, stemmed, ribs removed and torn into pieces, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Spicy Kale Chips, picturelink: null}, 11879: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn the bowl of a food processor combine the yeast, sugar, flour, salt and thyme. Pulse to combine. Add the water in a steady stream until the dough begins to form a ball, turn it on to a board and knead with the heel of your hand until the dough is smooth and elastic.nCoat a bowl with oil. Place dough in bowl, and cover with a damp cloth. Put in a warm spot to rise until double in size, about 1 hour.nWhen the dough has doubled in size, punch the dough, scrape it onto the counter and knead it lightly into a smooth ball. Cut into 20 pieces and with a rolling pin roll out to form very flat 5 to 6inch circles.nPreheat a stove top grill pan over medium high. Do not oil. Place bread on hot grill and cook without touching it until you see bubbles on the surface, about 1 to 2 minutes. Turn and continue to cook 1 to 2 minutes more or until bread has puffed up. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 package active yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 34 cup water might need more, 1 teaspoon oil], title: Homemade Flat Bread, picturelink: RFJdmOHu9orgdy36qHGYsCmkBe6D4K}, 11880: {instructions: In a blender, combine strawberries, blueberries, banana, and pineapple until smooth. Add tofu and ice cubes and liquefy. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup chopped strawberries, 1 cup fresh blueberries, 12 cup sliced banana, 1 14 cups pineapple, 12 cup firm tofu, 2 cups ice cubes], title: Tutti Frutti Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 11881: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn large saute pan over medium heat add 2 tablespoons oil, onions, chiles and saute for 3 minutes until translucent. Add chicken thighs and lightly brown. Add 14 cup garlic and saute. Deglaze with beer and chicken stock. Cook for 3 to 5 minutes, until chicken is 34 of the way cooked. Remove chicken from saute pan, and let cool, reserve pan and braising broth.nIn medium saute pan heat another 2 tablespoons olive oil and lightly caramelize remaining 12 cup garlic. When done, remove from heat, and let cool.nIn medium mixing bowl, combine, flour, salt and pepper, oregano, paprika, and chili powder. Combine thoroughly, add cooked garlic and mix into a paste.nTake cooled, cooked chicken and press paste on to the chicken. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil in garlic pan, and gently place chicken in the pan. Lightly brown chicken on both sides.nSimmer reserved braising broth and add red wine vinegar. When chicken is cooked on both sides, pour vinegar broth over chicken and let simmer for 3 to 5 minutes.nGarnish with green onions., ingredients: [6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 medium yellow onions, julienned, 2 Anaheim chiles, cleaned and julienned, 6 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 34 cup minced garlic, divided, 8 ounces beer, 8 ounces chicken stock, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons green onions, sliced], title: Oak Town Garlic Vinegar Chicken, picturelink: Oc6YLccNVxDhjKCc0GlYaxc3F9BJEy}, 11882: {instructions: Slice off the stem end of the pumpkins 12 inch from the top, reserving it. Scrape out the seeds and the membranes, reserving the seeds for toasting if desired. Brush the inside of the pumpkins with the butter. Top the pumpkins with the reserved stem ends, bake them in a shallow baking pan in the middle of a preheated 375 degree oven for 1 12 hours, or until the pulp is tender, and let them cool in the pan until they can be handled. Discard any liquid that may have accumulated in the pumpkins, scoop out the pulp, and in a blender pure it in batches, transferring it as it is pured to a large sieve or colander lined with overlapping large coffee filters and set over a large bowl. Cover the surface of the pure with plastic wrap and let the pure drain, chilled, overnight, ingredients: [8 mini pumpkins, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Fresh Pumpkin Puree, picturelink: null}, 11883: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard muffin pan with paper liners.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a bowl and set aside. In a small bowl, stir together the sour cream, tequila and lime zest and juice and set aside. Combine the granulated sugar and butter in the bowl of a large stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix on mediumhigh speed until smooth and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, combining well after each addition and scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Mix in the vanilla. Adjust the speed to medium low and add the flour mixture and sour cream mixture in alternating batches, beginning and ending with the flour. Mix until just combined.nFill each liner about threequarters full using a 1 12ounce ice cream scoop. Bake, rotating about halfway through, until a cake tester or toothpick inserted in the middles comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool in the pan for a few minutes, remove to a rack, brush with the orange liqueur and let cool completely.nFor the frosting: Beat the cream cheese and butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment until smooth. Turn the speed down to low and spoon in the confectioners sugar until completely combined. Add the lime juice and a pinch of salt and turn the speed back up to medium high until light and fluffy. Frost the cupcakes with an offset spatula or by piping with a pastry bag once completely cool.nFor the garnish: Cut the lime in half lengthwise and then thinly slice into halfmoons. Top each cupcake with a lime slice. Combine the sugar, lime zest and salt in a small bowl. Sprinkle each cupcake with the sugarlime mixture., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 13 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons gold tequila, 1 lime, finely zested and juiced, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon orange liqueur, One 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 34 cups confectioners sugar one 1pound box, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, Pinch salt, 1 lime, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon lime zest, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Margarita Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 11884: {instructions: In large bowl combine chicken, red pepper and onion. In small bowl mix mayonnaise and lime juice. Add jalapeno. Season with salt, pepper, and a dash of tabasco sauce. Drizzle over chicken mixture and toss to coat. Snip cilantro over chicken and mound chicken mixture on lettuce. Garnish with tomato and black olives. Serve., ingredients: [2 chicken breasts, boneless and diced, 12 red pepper, diced, 12 red onion, diced, 23 cup mayonnaise, 1 lime, juiced, 1 jalapeno, minced and seeded, Tabasco sauce, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, 3 large lettuce leaves, 12 tomato, diced, 12 cup black olives, sliced], title: Zesty Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 11885: {instructions: Prepare a mediumhot fire in a grill or preheat a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Place the fig halves cut side down on the grill or in the skillet and grill for a few minutes, until the cut sides start to carmelize. Meanwhile, grill or toast the bread. Spread each slice of bread with the crescenza. Place 2 fig halves on each slice of bread, lay a slice of proscuitto over the figs, scatter a few arugula leaves on top and serve., ingredients: [4 ripe figs, cut in half, 4 slices country bread, 14 pound crescenza cheese, 4 thin slices prosciutto, Handful arugula leaves], title: Crostini of Figs, Crescenza and Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 11886: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring the sugar, water and lemon juice to a boil. Brush down sides of pan with a pastry brush dipped in water. Add the corn syrup and cook until golden. Remove from heat and stir in the heavy cream in a slow but steady stream. If the sauce is lumpy, return the pan to the heat and stir until smooth. With pan off the heat, stir in the butter.nServe over ice cream and nuts like walnuts or pecans., ingredients: [12 pound sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 14 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 34 cup heavy cream, 1ounce butter], title: Caramel Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 11887: {instructions: Prepare a grill for mediumhigh heat. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nFinely grate the zest of the lemon cut the lemon in half and reserve. Stir together the ricotta, lemon zest, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Set aside.nDivide the pizza dough into 2 balls. Sprinkle the flour on a clean flat surface and roll each ball into an oval about 14 inches long, 6 or 7 inches across and between 18 and 14 inch thick. Transfer the crusts to the prepared baking sheet. Brush both sides of each crust with olive oil, about 1 tablespoon per side, and lightly sprinkle with salt.nLightly oil the grill grates. Grill the crusts until they start to puff and distinct grill marks appear, about 1 minute. Flip and cook until just cooked through, an additional 1 to 2 minutes. Discard the used parchment paper and put the finished crusts on the baking sheet.nImmediately top each crust evenly with prosciutto. Place small dollops of the ricotta mixture over the prosciutto. Toss the arugula in a bowl with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and the juice of one of the lemon halves reserve the other half for another use. Season with salt and pepper. Divide the arugula between the pizzas and serve., ingredients: [1 lemon, 8 ounces ricotta, at room temperature, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound frozen pizza dough, thawed, Allpurpose flour, for sprinkling, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates, 6 ounces prosciutto, 2 cups baby arugula about 2 ounces], title: Grilled Pizza with Prosciutto, Ricotta and Arugula, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 11888: {instructions: Pierce the sweet potatoes all over with a fork. Microwave until tender, about 10 minutes cover and set aside.nMeanwhile, spread the pretzel crumbs in a shallow dish. Season the turkey with 1 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Brush 1 side of the cutlets with 1 tablespoon mustard and sprinkle with the thyme, then press into the pretzels to coat.nHeat 1 12 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the turkey, pretzelside down cook until golden brown, 2 minutes. Flip and cook until just cooked through, 1 more minute. Transfer to a plate. Wipe out the skillet add the remaining 1 12 tablespoons vegetable oil. Repeat with the remaining cutlets.nCombine the butter, 1 tablespoon maple syrup and the remaining 12 teaspoon paprika in a bowl. Split the potatoes and top with the butter fluff the flesh with a fork. Season with salt and top with the chives. Combine the remaining 2 tablespoons maple syrup and 1 tablespoon mustard. Serve the turkey with the potatoes and maple mustard., ingredients: [4 sweet potatoes about 6 ounces each, 2 cups small pretzels, crushed, 1 pound turkey cutlets, halved lengthwise, 1 12 teaspoons paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons dijon or brown mustard, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives], title: PretzelCrusted Turkey Cutlets, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 11889: {instructions: Put the cranberries in a saucepan. Remove wide strips of zest from 12 orange with a peeler add to the saucepan with the juice of both oranges about 12 cup. Add the sugar, coriander, a pinch of salt and 1 cup water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat cook, stirring occasionally, until the berries burst and the sauce thickens, 15 to 20 minutes.nRemove from the heat and remove the orange zest stir in the vanilla. Transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. Strain through a finemesh sieve into a serving dish, pushing the sauce through with a rubber spatula. Refrigerate until set, at least 3 hours.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 pound cranberries about 4 cups, thawed if frozen, 2 oranges, 2 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Cranberry Jelly, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 11890: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes if dry or according to package directions if fresh. Drain pasta reserving 1 cup of the pasta cooking water.nMeanwhile, in a large, heavy skillet heat the olive oil and garlic over mediumhigh heat and add the sausage. Use a wooden spoon to break up the sausage into bitesized bits. When the sausage has browned, about 5 minutes. Remove and set aside. Add the peas to the pan and, using the back of the wooden spoon, smash the peas. Turn off the heat. Add the ricotta cheese along with the cooked pasta and toss to coat, adding the pasta cooking water in 14 cup additions, if needed, to make the pasta moist. Return the sausage to the pan. Add the basil, Pecorino Romano cheese, and salt. Toss gently to coat and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound fresh or dried tagliatelle pasta or other wide, long pasta, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 pound hot Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 pound frozen peas, thawed, 1 cup whole milk ricotta cheese, 1 bunch fresh basil leaves chopped about 34 cup, 14 cup fresh grated Pecorino Romano cheese, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Tagliatelle with Smashed Peas, Sausage, and Ricotta Cheese, picturelink: 7ZCiIUYZLOHKrTwGo6.DVIPZhE23i}, 11891: {instructions: In a skillet over moderate heat, combine oil, butter and flour. Cook 2 or 3 minutes. Whisk in broth. Add the sliced veal in thickened sauce 3 or 4 minutes and transfer to a warm platter. Season veal with salt and pepper. Add lemon zest, lemon juice and chopped parsley to the sauce and remove pan from heat.nHeat water for broccoli rabe. Blanch until just cooked but still crispy. Drain broccoli rabe. Place a second skillet over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, garlic, and broccoli rabe and cook until tender. Season with salt, pepper and nutmeg.nTo assemble, divide broccoli rabe between 2 dinner plates. Top with veal and pour pan sauce equally over the 2 plates., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup chicken stock, 12 pound thinly sliced veal scallops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 ripe lemon, zested and juiced, A handful of fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 14 cup water, 10 ounces broccoli rabe, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 14 to 12 teaspoon grated or ground nutmeg], title: Sauteed Veal with Lemon on a Bed of Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 11892: {instructions: Put the cider in a saucepan, bring to a simmer and cook until reduced to 34 cup, about 20 minutes. Remove 14 cup of the reduced cider and reserve. Add 3 tablespoons of the sugar to the saucepan with the remaining 12 cup cider. Heat to combine and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin tin with 9 liners and spray with nonstick cooking spray.nUsing a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and remaining 5 tablespoons sugar until fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the eggs one a time, stirring between each addition, followed by the vanilla extract. Beat until smooth.nCombine the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Add half the flour mixture to the creamed butter, then add in the apple butter, sour cream and reserved 14 cup hard cider and combine again. Add the remaining flour and beat until just combined. Divide the batter among the 9 liners and cook until a toothpick comes out clean, about 20 minutes.nWhile the cupcakes are still warm, brush the tops with the remaining 12 cup hard cidersugar mixture., ingredients: [Two 12ounce bottles hard cider, 12 cup sugar, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the cupcake liners, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons apple butter, 2 tablespoons sour cream], title: Hard Cider Cupcakes, picturelink: gFAKgWWNyj63q7i.lqhB2QSLrthVS6K}, 11893: {instructions: Make the marinade: Whisk together all the ingredients in a large bowl. Reserve 2 teaspoons of the marinade. Add the shrimp to the marinade and refrigerate for at least 3 hours and up to 6.nMake the vinaigrette: In a large bowl, whisk together the lime juice, mustard, zest, and reserved marinade. While whisking, drizzle in the oils to form a smooth vinaigrette. Set aside.nMake the salad: Remove the shrimp from the marinade scrape off any excess marinade from the shrimp.nSeason the shrimp, to taste, with salt. Heat the oil in a large skillet over a mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp and cook, turning once, until just cooked through, about 1 12 minutes per side. Remove the skillet from the heat.nIn a bowl, toss together the onion, mango and avocado. Dress lightly with some of the vinaigrette. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a another bowl, lightly toss the lettuce with some of the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.nMound the salad in the center of a platter and surround with the shrimp. Spoon some of the dressing over the shrimp and serve. Reserve remaining vinaigrette for another use., ingredients: [14 cup grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons Spanishstyle smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon finely grated orange zest, 1 tablespoon coarsely cracked black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cayenne, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 extralarge shrimp U12, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, 14 cup grape seed oil, 14 cup olive oil, Coarse salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 loosely packed cups torn, soft lettuces, such as red oak and lolla rossa, 14 cup finely diced red onion, 1 mango, peeled, seeded, and diced, 1 Haas avocado, peeled, seeded, and diced, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Shrimp, Spiced Mango, and Avocado Salad with Citrus Dressing, picturelink: null}, 11894: {instructions: For the crust: Place the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor and process to blend. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 3 tablespoons of the cold cream and pulse until the dough comes together in a ball. Add some or all of the remaining tablespoon of cream if the dough is still quite crumbly it should hold together in a ball when you squeeze it. Place a large piece of plastic wrap on the counter, gather the dough into a ball and flatten the dough into a disk on the plastic wrap. Wrap well. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place a large sheet of parchment paper on a work surface and lightly flour the parchment. Place the dough on the paper, lightly flour the top and roll out into a round or oval about 14 inch thick. Transfer the paper to a rimmed baking sheet.nFor the filling: Toss the plums with the crystallized ginger, flour, cinnamon and 4 tablespoons of the sugar in a large bowl. Arrange the plums in concentric circles on the center of the dough circle, leaving a 1 12inch border of dough all around. Sprinkle the blueberries and any lingering pieces of ginger over and in between the plums. Fold the border in over the fruit. Distribute the butter pieces over the filling and sprinkle the border with the remaining tablespoon of sugar.nBake until the crust is nicely browned and the fruit filling is soft and bubbling a bit, 40 to 45 minutes.nWarm the preserves in the microwave and gently brush the hot galette with the preserves, both the top of the crust edges and the fruit in the middle. Transfer the parchment paper with the galette to a wire rack and let the galette cool to room temperature. Transfer to a plate and serve with whipped cream if desired., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 3 to 4 tablespoons very cold heavy cream, 1 12 pounds ripe but still firm yellow plums, pitted and cut into 6 to 8 wedges each, 14 cup finely chopped crystallized ginger, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 5 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup blueberries, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 13 cup goodquality lemon, apricot or orange preserves see Cooks Note, Sweetened whipped cream, for serving, optional], title: Plum and Crystallized Ginger Galette, picturelink: fQ56klPEHEGfselZv7Mi6yAFYpkJl0W}, 11895: {instructions: Preheat grill to medium. Place chicken on grill, sprinkle with black sesame seeds. Grill for 10 minutes, flipping at least once.nTo cook in the oven, preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Spread chicken in a single layer on a cookie sheet, sprinkle with black sesame seeds and bake 15 minutes.nLay wraps on flat surface and cut out bat shapes with cookie cutter. Lightly spray with olive oil cooking spray and sprinkle with kosher salt and pepper, to taste. Turn bats over and repeat. Place on a grill at medium heat, toast about 4 minutes, flipping once.nTo cook in the oven, Lay bats in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in preheated oven 8 to 10 minutes or until bats are crisp.nIn a medium saucepan combine soup, cheese and sour cream. Melt over medium heat until smooth and heated through.nTo serve, arrange bat wings and bat chips on platter. Ladle goblin dip into a bowl and serve warm., ingredients: [1 32ounce package buffalo style hot chicken strips recommended: Tyson, Black sesame seeds, 4 garden spinach wraps, 4 sundried tomato basil wraps, Olive oil cooking spray, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 10 34ounce can creamy chicken verde condensed soup recommended: Campbells, 1 8ounce package jalapeno jack cheese, shredded recommended: Tillamook, 12 cup sour cream], title: Spicy Bat Wings and Bat Chips with Goblin Dip, picturelink: djYpgZWboO6baLYCA.Cl4ky1aE8OCGS}, 11896: {instructions: Combine 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons of butter, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon of sugar, and the lemon juice in a medium saucepan. Bring mixture to boil over medium heat.nBlend egg yolks with remaining sugar in a medium bowl, using a whisk. Temper eggs by slowly adding 13 of the boiling mixture to the eggs, stirring constantly. Return egg mixture to saucepan, over low heat, and stir the mixture until it boils. Whisk in the lemon zest and remaining butter and remove from the heat.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 14 cups plus 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons egg yolks, 1 tablespoon lemon zest], title: Lemon Curd, picturelink: null}, 11897: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Combine the hoisin sauce, ketchup, pickle brine and honey in a large bowl. Transfer half of the mixture to a separate large bowl add the pork and marinate, 5 minutes.nAdd the mayonnaise to the remaining hoisin sauce mixture and whisk until smooth. Add the broccoli slaw, scallions and chopped pickle season with salt and toss to coat. Set aside.nBrush the grill grates with vegetable oil. Remove the pork from the marinade and grill until marked and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side transfer to a cutting board. Toast the baguette on the grill, cutside down, 1 to 2 minutes. Slice the pork into thick strips divide among the baguette pieces and top with the slaw and sliced pickles. Serve with vegetable chips.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [13 cup hoisin sauce, 13 cup spicy ketchup, 2 spicy dill pickles 1 chopped, 1 sliced, plus 2 tablespoons brine from the jar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 pound pork cutlets about 14 inch thick, 3 cups broccoli slaw mix about 6 ounces, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 1 baguette, cut into 4 pieces and split, Root vegetable chips, for serving], title: Hoisin Barbecue Pork Sandwiches, picturelink: aB4TTFsFckfylaAVq8hWQAeisyvnM.}, 11898: {instructions: Bring water to a boil in a 2quart saucepan and slowly add polenta, whisking constantly. Cook polenta over moderate heat, whisking constantly, 5 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in cheese, butter, and salt and pepper to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups water, 34 cup instant polenta, 34 to 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Salt and pepper], title: Creamy Parmesan Polenta, picturelink: null}, 11899: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine bisque, 2 14 cups heavy cream, lemon juice, parsley, and crabmeat with juices and bring to a simmer over medium heat for 5 to 10 minutes. Season soup, to taste, with salt and cayenne pepper. Divide soup among 6 bowls. Add 1 tablespoon of cream to each bowl and swirl with butter knife to create a pretty design. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 10.5ounce cans restaurantstyle condensed crab bisque recommended: Bookbinders, 2 14 cups plus 6 tablespoons heavy cream, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 3 4.25 ounce cans crabmeat, picked over, Salt, Cayenne pepper], title: Crabby Bisque, picturelink: CTfEq6ADJpKf4ys4awoYB4hpdzgXqm}, 11900: {instructions: Put a rack in the middle of the oven, and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter 2 9 by 2inch tephlon round cake pans. Line the bottom of each with a round of parchment or waxed paper, and then butter the paper. Sift the flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt together onto waxed paper. Cream the butter, and sugars in a large bowl using an electric mixer at mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes in a standing mixer or 5 minutes with a handheld mixer. Add the room temperature eggs, 1 at a time, mixing until completely incorporated before adding additional eggs. Add the chocolate and vanilla and mix until combined. Turn the mixer to low and slowly add the dry ingredients and the buttermilk alternately in 3 batches, starting and ending with dry ingredients and mixing until combined. Divide the batter between the cake pans, spreading evenly, and bake until a wooden skewer inserted in the center of each cake layer comes out clean, 25 to 35 minutes. Allow the cake layers to cool in the pans on racks for 10 minutes. Run a thin knife around edge of each layer, then invert them onto racks. Peel off paper and cool layers completely. Frosting: In a standing mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, combine the butter, salt, and 2 cups of the confectioners sugar until light and fluffy. Add the melted chocolate, vanilla, and remaining sugar. Whisk on mediumhigh until smooth and fluffy. Assemble the cake by using 1 cup frosting to frost between the layers, and then frost the top and sides with the remaining frosting. To decorate the graveyard cake: Finely crush the chocolate wafer cookies in a plastic bag with a rolling pin or use a food processor. Sprinkle the top of the cake generously with cookie crumbs. Write RIP and other scary words on the chocolate sandwich cookies with black icing. Cut slits in the cake to insert cookies for gravestones, and add candy rocks, pumpkins, Candy Bones, Chocolate Trees and cotton candy. Arrange Candy Bones around the base of the cake.nLine a cookie sheet with aluminum foil. Stick marshmallows onto both ends of the pretzels, with the marshmallows flat sides parallel to the pretzel. Put the chips in a heat proof bowl over barely simmering water and let melt, stirring frequently. As soon as the chips are just melted, stir in the melted butter. Take the pan off the heat, remove the bowl from the pot, and allow it to cool slightly. Dip each pretzel bone in the chocolate and lift them out with a fork, letting the excess drip back into the bowl. Lay the bones on the baking sheet and refrigerate for 30 minutes to harden the chocolate.nLine a cookie sheet with aluminum foil. Spoon the melted chocolate into a small resealable food storage plastic bag and seal the bag. Cut a small hole in the bottom corner of the bag. Squeeze melted chocolate in the shape of trees onto the foil. Refrigerate the trees. Remove the trees and insert them into the cake, decorating with cotton candy as cob webs., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 23 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup packed dark brown sugar, 34 cup granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature for 30 minutes, 13 cup semisweet chocolate, melted and cooled, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla, 1 12 cups wellshaken buttermilk or 1 cup milk plus 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 5 sticks 2 12 cups butter, cut into tablespoon pieces and softened, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 5 cups confectioners sugar, 2 12 cups milk chocolate, melted and cooled, 12 cup unsweetened chocolate, melted and cooled, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 9ounce box chocolate wafer cookies, 1 tube black icing, 1 bag chocolate sandwich cookies recommended: Pepperidge Farm Milano cookies, Chocolate Tree, recipe follows, Candy rocks, Candy pumpkins, Candy bones, recipe follows, White cotton candy, 18 pretzel sticks and rods of various sizes, 36 minimarshmallows about 12 cup, 1 cup white chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 cup chocolate chips, melted], title: Milk Chocolate Graveyard Cake, picturelink: null}, 11901: {instructions: Make a 7 by 1 14inch rectangular template by cutting a section out of a 18inchthick piece of cardboard.nHeat oven to 400 degrees F.nSift 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon flour with the cocoa, and set cocoaflour mixture aside. Using the edge of a paring knife, scrape seeds from the vanilla bean into the bowl of an electric mixer. Add butter and sugar. Using the paddle attachment, beat seeds, butter, and sugar on medium speed until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in egg whites, 1 at a time.nTransfer half of the batter 23 cup to a medium bowl. Fold in the cocoaflour mixture until well combined set aside.nFold the remaining flour into the remaining batter until well combined.nFit a baking sheet with a silpat nonstick baking mat or parchment paper and place the stencil on the mat. Using a small offset spatula, spread 1 tablespoon of white batter over the stencil. Lift stencil, and remove. Fill a pastry bag fitted with a 2 Ateco plain tip with 14 cup chocolate batter, and pipe your message onto the tuile. Repeat the process to make 25 white tuiles, reserving 14 cup white batter.nBake tuiles 6 minutes. Using a spatula, remove from baking sheet, and lay over a rolling pin to curl. If tuiles become too cool before shaping, return to oven 30 seconds. Let cool completely on pin.nRepeat with chocolate batter, using reserved white batter for piping. Store tuiles in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons cocoa powder, preferably Dutch process, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 23 cup confectioners sugar, 4 large egg whites, room temperature], title: Vanilla Chocolate Tuiles, picturelink: null}, 11902: {instructions: Make Rockefeller mixture: Saute spinach. Mix in cream, ham and Parmesan cheese. Poach the oysters in fish stock, then add to spinach mixture.nTo make the sauce: Reduce fish stock, add garlic, shallots, saffron and Pernod. Season with salt and pepper. Thicken with arrowroot, if needed.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Prepare the fish: Use 2 pieces of fish. Leave 1whole and cut a slit in the middle of the second. Place stuffing on whole piece. Lay the second piece over the stuffing so the stuffing shows through the slit. Bake in oven for about 15 minutes.nMake the Sweet Potato Napoleon: Deepfry the 1 sliced sweet potato until crisp. Boil the rest of the potatoes until soft. Put through food mill. Plate by layering the sweet potato chips and pureed potatoes.nMake the Parisian Vegetables: Make Parisian balls with a melon scoop out of the zucchini, summer squash, and turnip. Blanch and toss in butter.nDeepfry the fennel flames., ingredients: [1 pound fresh spinach, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup prosciutto ham, sliced and diced, 3 ounces Parmesan cheese, 10 gulf oysters, 1 cup fish stock, Pinch saffron, 2 ounces Pernod, Sea salt and pepper, to taste, Arrowroot, if needed, 6 ounces local rockfish, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 shallots, chopped, 3 sweet potatoes, one sliced on mandoline, 1 zucchini, 1 summer squash, 1 turnip, Butter, 1 bulb fennel, thinly sliced, Chervil sprigs], title: Roasted Rockfish Rockefeller, picturelink: YxEPNtxEcgJDGgBceWF8I9T6i7n.yrC}, 11903: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice off about 14inch of the top of each apple. The apple tops are perfect for snacking. Scoop out the seeds and core of the apple with a melonballer to make a pocket. Peel off about a 12inch band of the apples skin along the upper half of the apple with a vegetable peeler. Brush the peeled part and the interior of the apple with lemon juice.nIn a small mixing bowl, combine the butter, lemon zest, and sugar. Add the currants and nuts. Place some of the butter mixture and a cinnamon stick in each of the apples. Place the apples in an ovenproof baking dish just large enough to hold the apples upright. Pour in the cider and rum, bake until the apple is tender, about 30 minutes. Baste the apples with the ciderrum mixture with a bulb baster, 2 or 3 times, during baking.nServe warm or at room temperature with softly whipped cream or vanilla or cinnamon ice cream.nServing suggestions: Whipped cream, or vanilla or cinnamon ice cream., ingredients: [6 large red baking apples like Rome Beauty, Cortland, or Gala, Juice and finely grated zest of 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 3 packed tablespoons dark brown sugar, 14 cup dried currants, 14 cup broken walnut pieces, toasted, Six 3inch whole cinnamon sticks, 12 cup apple cider, 12 cup dark rum, cider, or water], title: Baked Apples, picturelink: null}, 11904: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Working in batches, cook the chicken until browned and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a rimmed baking sheet keep warm in the oven.nWipe out the skillet and heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil over high heat. Add the shishito peppers and cook, tossing, until browned in spots, 3 minutes. Remove to a plate with a slotted spoon.nAdd the garlic and lemon slices to the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, without flipping the lemons, until they start browning, 2 minutes. Flip the lemons and cook until soft and golden, about 1 minute. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper.nReduce the heat to medium add the lemon juice and wine and cook until reduced by half, 3 minutes. Add the broth cook until slightly reduced, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the heat stir in the butter until the sauce thickens. Add the parsley season with salt and pepper. Serve the chicken with the shishitos and rice top with the sauce.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 chicken cutlets about 1 12 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 ounces shishito peppers about 24, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 lemons 1 sliced, 1 juiced, 12 cup dry white wine, 114 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, 2 12 cups cooked basmati rice], title: Lemon Chicken with Shishito Peppers, picturelink: aB4TTFsFckfylaAVq8hWQAeisyvnM.}, 11905: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the BBQ Sauce:nIn a medium saute pan over medium heat, saute peppers and onions until soft using 1 tablespoon oil.nIn a bowl, add ketchup, mustard, molasses, brown sugar and hot sauce. Mix together. Pour over sauteed vegetables and stir. Allow to simmer together for 3 to 5 minutes. Reserve 12 cup of BBQ sauce and set aside.nPreheat smoker to 225 degrees F, over hickory soaked chips.nSeason the pork butt with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Be sure to rub in well. Place onto grill, close top of grill and cook for 1 to 1 12 hours. Baste pork with BBQ sauce. Close grill top and cook for another 20 to 30 minutes.nWhen ready, slice into 12 to 14inch slices. Place pork into a bowl and mix in reserved BBQ sauce.nFor the Pie Crust:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd flour, salt, sugar and shortening to a bowl. Mix together with hands. Add water and mix. Divide into 2 balls.nFlour your work surface. Roll dough out with a 18inch thickness. Line 1 piece of dough into a 9inch circular pie dish.nFor the egg wash:nBeat together the egg and water,nAdd pork to pie dish, then take the second rolled out piece of dough and cover the meat. Pinch the sides together and brush top with egg wash. With a knife, make 3 slits in the top crust. Bake for 50 to 55 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [14 cup red pepper, diced, 14 cup green pepper, diced, 1 jalapeno, diced, 14 cup onion, diced, 1 tablespoon oil, 13 cup ketchup, 13 cup yellow mustard, 13 cup molasses, 13 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 1 4 to 4 12pound pork butt, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon sugar, 13 cup shortening, 12 cup cold water, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon water], title: Savory BBQ Pie, picturelink: jgQQUbhgk92lKhQX50u2hadJwNVu6.}, 11906: {instructions: Special equipment: eight 1cup Mason jars with lidsnWhisk together the Greek yogurt, muscovado sugar, espresso and orange zest and juice in a bowl until smooth. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours.nAbout an hour before serving, combine the raspberries, strawberries, sugar to taste, and chopped mint in a bowl. Layer the berries, granola and yogurt mixture in eight 1cup Mason jars. Top the jars with some more granola, then cover with lids and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Garnish with fresh mint sprigs and serve., ingredients: [2 cups Greek yogurt, 13 cup packed light brown muscovado sugar, 2 tablespoons brewed espresso, cooled, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 pint fresh raspberries, 1 pint fresh strawberries, hulled and halved or quartered, 3 to 4 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, plus 8 small sprigs, for garnish, 2 cups granola], title: Berries Romanoff Parfait, picturelink: nIwogV5etiQ1pH5x7nlo.c3.mXmzXK}, 11907: {instructions: For the dressing: In a large bowl, whisk together the harissa paste, mayonnaise, buttermilk, cilantro, scallions and a few grinds of black pepper.nFor the salad: In the same large bowl, add the kale salad mix, chicken, grapes, strawberries and tomatoes. Use 2 serving spoons or tongs to toss and coat everything with the dressing on the bottom. Serve, but this is a salad that actually will hold 3 to 4 days in the refrigerator without the kale wilting, ingredients: [14 cup harissa paste, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup buttermilk, 14 cup packed chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup chopped scallion, white and green parts 2 to 3 scallions, Freshly ground black pepper, One 8ounce container kale salad mix with red cabbage and carrots, 2 grilled chicken breasts, chopped, or 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, 2 handfuls seedless red grapes, halved, 2 handfuls strawberries, hulled and quartered, 2 handfuls multicolored red and yellow cherry tomatoes, halved], title: Sunnys Grilled Chicken and Kale Salad with Sunnys Creamy EqualParts Harissa Salad Dressing, picturelink: 0efhulMRzavEGXAarEr7ilGVbKrhsK}, 11908: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan over high heat.nLightly coat chicken with oil and sprinkle each evenly on both sides with the salt and pepper. Grill chicken breasts for about 4 to 5 minutes on each side, or until thoroughly cooked the meat should be solid white throughout and the internal temperature will read 165 degrees F. Remove from grill and immediately top with Cilantro Herb Butter. Garnish with parsley, if desired. Serve as butter is melting.nFollow the Scampi Butter recipe, but use only half of the garlic, and replace the parsley with 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro.nIn a bowl, whisk all ingredients until thoroughly combined. Refrigerate until ready to use. Use the Scampi base to make different flavored butters., ingredients: [1 pound 2 large breasts boneless skinless chicken breast, butterflied, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons Cilantro Herb Butter, recipe follows, Fresh parsley, optional, for garnish, Scampi Butter, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 pound unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Dash white pepper, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon white wine], title: Cilantro Grilled Chicken Breast, picturelink: DC0MyI98a8.dKHylorW9x63ssVVGxLC}, 11909: {instructions: Slice the pork into 14inch thick medallions about 3 ounces each. Place the pork in a large shallow dish. Add 3 cups of the oatmeal stout, the salt and pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours or overnight.nPrepare the potatoes: Pour the oil into a deepfat fryer or a heavy medium saucepan. Heat the oil over medium heat to 350 degrees F. Carefully add the potatoes, several slices at a time into the heated oil and cook for 4 minutes, until crispy. Using a slotted spoon or a French fry skimmer, remove the potatoes from the oil and place on paper towels to absorb any excess oil. Reserve and keep warm in a 300 degree oven.nRemove the pork from the marinade discard the marinade. Pat the pork dry with paper towels. In a large skillet, cook the pork in the butter over high heat for 2 minutes on each side, until brown. Remove the pork from the skillet. Reserve and keep warm.nReduce the heat to medium and add the mustard greens, shallots, parsley and thyme. Saute for 2 minutes, until wilted. Add the remaining 1 cup oatmeal stout to deglaze the pan, loosening any browned bits on the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Stir in the demiglace and cook over medium to high heat about 5 minutes, until the liquid is reduced by half.nTo serve, arrange a bed of the mustard greens mixture in the center of each plate. Top with the pork medallions and fried sweet potatoes., ingredients: [4 pounds pork tenderloin, fat trimmed and silver skin removed, 4 cups oatmeal stout or other dark beer, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup vegetable oil, 4 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut lengthwise into 18inch thick slices, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 bunches mustard greens, rinsed, 4 shallots, finely chopped, 12 bunch fresh parsley, chopped, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 2 cups demiglace], title: Pork Medallions with Oatmeal Stout, picturelink: null}, 11910: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker filled with ice, combine coconut rum, peach schnapps, raspberry rum, orange vodka, and sweetandsour mix by shaking vigorously. Strain into a tall glass filled halfway with cranberry juice to create a layering effect. Garnish with 2 fresh raspberries and 2 twists of orange peel and serve., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 12ounce coconut rum, 1ounce peach schnapps, 1ounce raspberryflavored rum, 1ounce orangeflavored vodka, 3 ounces sweetandsour mix, Cranberry juice, 2 fresh raspberries, for garnish, 2 orange peel twists, for garnish], title: Fuego del Mar, picturelink: null}, 11911: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Mix all dry ingredients in a small bowl. Stir in harissa, garlic and olive oil.nRinse any ice glaze from frozen Alaska Halibut under cold water pat dry with paper towel. Place halibut portions in spraycoated baking dish. Spoon and spread spice mixture over top of halibut. Cover dish with foil seal. Roast 18 to 25 minutes for frozen halibut or 10 to 15 minutes for freshthawed fish. Cook just until fish is opaque throughout.nVariation: Remove foil during last 10 minutes of cooking, until lightly browned., ingredients: [112 teaspoons sea salt, 112 teaspoons caraway seed, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried rosemary, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 2 Tablespoons harissa Moroccan paste, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 4 Alaska Halibut steaks or fillets 6 to 8 oz. each, fresh, thawed or frozen], title: North African Spiced Alaska Halibut, picturelink: wq73bBeuf1GCxV.Hg35o0gW.9MVOY2}, 11912: {instructions: Position the oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.nPut the cranberries, ketchup, honey, sriracha, 12 cup water and 12 teaspoon of the mustard in a small saucepan and stir to combine. Heat over mediumhigh heat until the mixture starts to bubble, then reduce to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture thickens and the cranberries soften, about 10 minutes. Use a potato masher to crush the cranberries until mostly smooth. Add the rosemary and 14 teaspoon salt and set aside to cool slightly.nGrate the carrot and onion on the small shredding side of a box grater into a large bowl. This will save any onion liquid, which will help keep the meatloaf moist. Add the beef, turkey, egg, barley, Worcestershire, remaining 2 teaspoons of the mustard, 1 teaspoon salt and several grinds of pepper. Use your hands to mix everything together until well combined.nTransfer the mixture to the prepared baking sheet and shape into a 9by4inch loaf using your hands. Brush the meatloaf on all sides with half of the cranberry glaze. Bake until the glaze starts to adhere and dry slightly, about 15 minutes. Brush the meatloaf on all sides with the remaining glaze and bake until a thermometer inserted into the center of the meatloaf registers 155 degrees F, 30 to 35 minutes. Garnish with rosemary sprigs before serving., ingredients: [1 cup fresh or frozen cranberries, thawed, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon sriracha, 2 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves finely chopped 2 tablespoons, plus more sprigs for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small carrot, 1 small onion, 1 pound 90 percent lean ground beef, 8 ounces 85 percent lean ground turkey, 1 large egg, 12 cup instant barley, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Turkey and Beef Meatloaf with Cranberry Glaze, picturelink: QLOmDq9Fa3ShcjvRgPTT67M2qMWyOre}, 11913: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a 13 by 9 by 2inch glass or ceramic baking dish with 1 tablespoon of the butter. Grease a 15 by 12inch piece of foil with 12 tablespoon of the butter. Set aside.nIn a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter and 2 tablespoons of the olive oil.nAdd the carrots, parsnips, leeks, butternut squash, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cook stirring frequently, until the vegetables start to soften, about 15 minutes. Add the remaining olive oil, the remaining 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper, the thyme, allspice, apples and lemon zest. Cook for 5 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and cool slightly.nIn a large bowl, toss together the bread cubes and eggs until coated. Add the cranberries and apple juice concentrate. Add the vegetable mixture and toss to coat. Place the mixture in the prepared baking dish and sprinkle the remaining butter pieces on top. Pour the vegetable stock over the top and cover the baking dish with foil, butteredside down. Bake for 40 minutes. Remove the foil and continue to bake until the top is slightly crisp and brown in spots, 20 to 25 minutes longer. Let the stuffing rest 10 to 15 minutes. Sprinkle the goat cheese on top if using, and serve., ingredients: [5 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 of the tablespoons cut into 12inch pieces, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 medium carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 3 medium parsnips, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 2 large leeks, white and pale green parts only, thinly sliced, One 1pound butternut squash, halved, peeled, seeded and cut into 12inch cubes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, Two 6ounce Granny Smith apples, unpeeled, cored and cut into 12inch cubes, Zest of 1 large lemon, 8ounce loaf sourdough bread, cut into 12inch cubes about 6 cups, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, beaten, 1 14 cups 6 ounces dried cranberries, 14 cup frozen apple juice concentrate, thawed, 34 cup vegetable stock, 5 ounces about 23 cup goat cheese, coarsely crumbled, optional], title: Sweet and Savory Root Vegetable Stuffing, picturelink: 0bGYleM092utYM9DyriL3h5gwCw3oQu}, 11914: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace jam in a medium bowl and whisk in vinegar then extravirgin olive oil. Season the dressing with salt and pepper. Add the strawberries and greens to bowl and toss to coat evenly in dressing., ingredients: [2 teaspoons strawberry jam, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 pint strawberries, sliced, 4 to 5 cups chopped romaine or mixed greens of any kind], title: Green Salad with Strawberry Balsamic Vinaigrette, picturelink: IUXvC3PnS8niRwIPT..zvYnYwXKES}, 11915: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPrepare the lemongrass by removing the outer tough leaves to reveal the white center. Smash each stalk with the back of a knife to release the oils and flavor.nLay the sliced limes in the bottom of a large baking dish. Evenly space the lemongrass pieces on top of the limes and lay the ginger strips evenly around the lemongrass. Arrange the fillets directly on top, pour the sake over the fish and season with salt. Cover the dish with aluminum foil and bake until the fish is firm, opaque in the center, and beginning to flake, about 15 minutes. The cooking time varies depending on the thickness of the fillets.nJust before serving, spoon a little of the liquid from the dish over the fillets and transfer to plates to serve., ingredients: [4 pieces, about 4 inches long, lemongrass stalks, 2 limes, sliced into thin rounds, 1 4inch piece fresh ginger, cut lengthwise into thin strips, 4 6ounce skinon center cut striped bass fillets, bones removed, 1 cup unfiltered sake, Kosher salt], title: Sake Steamed Bass, picturelink: FrS8Tdvxo6uq1X8dYyiaJ2Lo6W6R4a}, 11916: {instructions: Spread one slice of bread with a thin layer of cold gravy. Layer the sandwich with slices of turkey, stuffing, more gravy and cranberry dressing, to taste. Season with salt and pepper and top with chopped sage leaves. Spread a thick layer of cranberry dressing on the other slice of bread.nButter each side of the sandwich on the outside, then toast on a preheated sandwich grill or in a cast iron skillet, pressing the firmly on each side golden brown., ingredients: [2 thick slices day old bread or 1 loaf, such as ciabatta, Cold gelatinous gravy, Turkey breast, sliced, Turkey stuffing, Cranberry dressing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 sage leaves, chopped fine, Butter, softened], title: Turkey, Dressing and Cranberry Panini, picturelink: 0gabneMUY0QJ0B5Y14NdwZPbJMdkzW}, 11917: {instructions: Combine currants and Port in a small bowl and set aside to plump.nWash and drain the rice. Place in a large saucepan with plenty of water to cover. Stir, and bring to a boil over medium heat. Boil for 5 minutes, to blanch the rice. Drain rice in a colander, rinse with warm water, drain again and set aside. While rice is cooking, place 3 cups milk in a medium heavy bottomed saucepan, add cinnamon sticks, lemon zest, and salt. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Turn off heat and let infuse until rice is ready.nPlace rice in another medium heavy bottomed saucepan, and ladle in 1 cup warm milk. Stir well with a wooden spoon, then turn on the lowest possible heat and cook gently, stirring occasionally, until milk is absorbed. Ladle in 12 cup warm milk, stir, and cook until absorbed. Continue in this manner until you have used up all the milk remove and discard the cinnamon sticks. With the last 12 cup of milk, stir in also the sugar, butter, ground cinnamon, and the plumped currants in Port. When the last addition of milk has been absorbed, turn off the heat and evaluate the consistency against your personal rice pudding preferences, bearing in mind it will be thicker when chilled. Add 14 cup to 1 cup additional milk cold is fine as desired. Turn pudding out into a medium serving dish or divide between six individual serving dishes and decorate top with ground cinnamon.nPortuguese rice pudding is cooked entirely on top of the stove in a risotto like manner. It traditionally is thickened and enriched further with egg yolks, but has a voluptuous texture even without them, and is lower in fat. Stir the rice frequently but NOT constantly because it can become too gummy. The classic Portuguese seasonings are lemon and cinnamon, but not vanilla. Use ground cinnamon to decorate the top easiest way is sifting through a doily.nPort, or Porto, comes from Portugal and is considered one of the great dessert wines of the world. It is a fortified wine, meaning that brandy is added. Most Port is made from red grapes and is served after the meal. Ruby Port is full, fruity and young tawny ports have been aged in casks and are mellower. One can also find white Port, which is made from white grapes, and is drunk before the meal., ingredients: [13 cup currants, 14 cup ruby Port, 12 cup short round rice, such as Paella rice or Risotto rice Arborio, 3 3 12 cups milk, 2 cinnamon sticks, Grated zest of 2 lemons, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon plus more for garnish], title: Portuguese Rice Pudding, picturelink: null}, 11918: {}, 11919: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMake a small hole in the extra skin on the legs and poke the end of the drumstick through to form a perfect package. Toss the chicken generously with olive oil and salt, to taste. Arrange the chicken on a sheet tray or baking dish lined with parchment or silpat. Roast the chicken until it is about 34 of the way done, about 20 to 25 minutes. The skin should start to brown and crisp.nWhile the chicken is roasting, combine the maple syrup and cayenne in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the syrup is reduced by about 12 to 34 or until the syrup is very thick and syrupy.nAfter the chicken has roasted for 20 to 25 minutes, brush each piece of chicken generously with the reduced syrup. Continue to roast for another 10 to 12 minutes, brushing the skin with the syrup 1 or 2 more times while cooking. The skin should start to become very dark and sticky. If the skin starts to get too dark, cover it loosely with aluminum foil. Transfer the chicken to a serving platter and let rest about 10 minutes before serving.nSweet and spicy, ingredients: [2 3pound chickens, wing tips, spine and breast plate removed, cut in 12, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 cup real maple syrup, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper], title: Maple and Cayenne Glazed Chicken, picturelink: null}, 11920: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 pastry bags with straight pastry tipsnFor the profiteroles: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine 1 cup water, the butter, salt and sugar in a 4quart pot and bring to a boil. Gradually add the flour while stirring constantly. Stir the mixture vigorously over low heat until it forms a loose dough. Be careful not to scorch the bottom of the pot. Remove from the heat and stir briefly to dry out, returning to the heat for 2 minutes more. Remove from the heat and transfer to a bowl. Add 4 of the eggs one at a time and stir, waiting until each egg is fully incorporated before adding the next. Test the dough to see if the texture is correct: the dough should be suspended in a thread between two fingers when pinched and separated. If this doesnt happen, add another egg.nTransfer the mixture to a piping bag fitted with a straight pastry tip. Pipe out quartersize rounds onto the baking sheet, spaced about 1inch apart. Wet your fingertips with water and press down the tips of the rounds to flatten them. Make an egg wash by beating the remaining egg with a fork in a small bowl. Gently brush the egg wash over the tops of the dough rounds. Bake until the dough has puffed up and the tops are nicely browned, 8 to 12 minutes. Lower the heat to 300 degrees F and let sit in the oven for another 5 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool. A wellcooked profiterole should be hollow on the inside and still a little soft inside. Let cool completely. Whip the heavy cream to stiff peaks in a large bowl. Fit a second pastry bag with a straight or star tip and fill with the whipped cream. Cut the profiteroles in half horizontally and fill with the whipped cream. Top with the lid. Set aside in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nFor the chocolate sauce: Heat the cream in a pot until just scalded. Pour the cream over the chopped chocolate. Tap the bowl to allow the cream to settle. Wait 2 minutes, and then stir vigorously with a whisk until smooth and emulsified. Set aside to cool or until ready to serve. Serve about 12 cup of the sauce with the profiteroles., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, Pinch salt, Pinch sugar, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 5 large eggs, 2 cups cream, 2 12 cups heavy cream, 16 ounces dark chocolate, finely chopped], title: Creamfilled Profiteroles with Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 11921: {instructions: Preheat grill pan or indoor electric grill to high.nCombine yogurt, curry paste, lemon juice, and cilantro in a shallow dish. Add chunks of chicken and coat evenly in yogurt sauce. Lace meat onto metal skewers. When you are about 10 minutes away from eating, place chicken on hot grill and cook 5 or 6 minutes on each side, until charred at edges and chicken meat is firm.nPlace a small heavy skillet on stovetop over high heat. When pan is very hot, add whole tomatoes. Pan roast the tomatoes until charred on all sides. Place the tomato sauce and charred fresh tomatoes in a food processor. Return skillet to heat and toast mustard and coriander seeds and crushed red pepper until they pop. Add seeds and flakes to food processor with a few pinches coarse salt. Pulse grind tomato mixture into a chunky chutney and transfer to a small bowl. When you remove chicken from grill, add flat bread to blister and warm it through. Slide chicken off skewers on to a serving dish. Set bowl of tomato chutney with a serving spoon along side. Pile chicken into or onto flat bread with tomato chutney to top. Potatoes with cumin are a perfect side to this meal.nServing suggestion: Potatoes with Cumin, recipe follows.nBoil potatoes in salted water to cover until tender, about for 7 minutes. Drain potatoes, return to hot pot to dry them out.nHeat skillet over medium high to high heat. Add cumin seeds. When seeds pop and crackle, add oil, then onion. Saute onion 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Add potatoes to the pan and toss to coat and lightly brown, about 3 minutes. Remove the pan from heat, season with salt, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 cup plain yogurt, 1 rounded tablespoon mild curry paste, 1 lemon, juiced, A handful 3 tablespoons cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast meat, cut into 1 12inch cubes, 3 plum tomatoes, 12 cup tomato sauce or tomato puree, 1 teaspoon mustard seed, 1 teaspoon coriander seed, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Coarse salt, Packaged flat breads, sold near packages pita bread in market, 2 pounds whiteskinned potatoes, peeled and diced into small cubes, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan peanut or vegetable oil, 1 small sweet onion, chopped, Coarse salt], title: Chicken Tikka Kebabs with Charred Tomato Chutney and Warm Flat Bread, picturelink: null}, 11922: {instructions: Juice the carrots, then the orange, following your juicers specific settings for each. Combine the juices with the orange liqueur and bitters in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously for 8 to 10 seconds. Strain into a tall glass filled with ice. Garnish with a maraschino cherry., ingredients: [2 small carrots, peeled, 1 medium orange, peel and pith removed, 2 ounces orange liqueur, Several dashes a healthy shake of orange bitters, Maraschino cherry, for garnish], title: Orange You Glad, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}, 11923: {instructions: Combine the cabbage and carrots in a large bowl. Set aside. Combine the mayonnaise and sour cream in a small bowl and mix well. Stir in the celery seed, vinegar, sugar and some salt and pepper. Pour the dressing over the cabbage and carrots and toss to coat. Chill and serve., ingredients: [4 cups thinly sliced cabbage, 1 cup grated carrots, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons celery seed, 2 teaspoons cider vinegar Pinch sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Coleslaw, picturelink: HOBsFBc9fF3legHYRZG420MwD0v0Ima}, 11924: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 13inch baking pan. Mix all the dry ingredients together in a large bowl. Stir in the oil, buttermilk, and vanilla. Beat in the eggs, one at a time. Stir in the prunes and nuts. Pour batter into prepared pan and bake for 35 to 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes up clean.nMeanwhile, combine all the topping ingredients in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Simmer, stirring for 3 minutes. Remove the cake from the oven and place it on a rack to cool slightly. Pierce the cake all over with a wooden skewer. Pour the topping evenly over the cake. Serve warm or cool., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 eggs, 2 cup seedless prunes, cut in quarters, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon baking soda, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Prune Cake with Buttermilk Topping, picturelink: null}, 11925: {instructions: Boil 2 bunches broccolini tough ends trimmed in salted water until crisptender, 4 minutes. Drain, shock in ice water and pat dry. Whisk 2 tablespoons each wholegrain mustard and white wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small minced shallot, and salt and pepper. Drizzle over the broccolini and top with 1 chopped hardboiled egg.nServes: 4 Calories: 163 Total Fat: 11 grams Saturated Fat: 1.5 grams Protein: 6 grams Total carbohydrates: 11 grams Sugar: 3 grams Fiber: 1 gram Cholesterol: 45 milligrams Sodium: 347milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Broccolini With HardBoiled Egg, picturelink: C3o9nCPK0Iez7GvPMrAVPwN7lzQXEZy}, 11926: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace a large ovensafe skillet over mediumhigh heat with the oil. Season the pork liberally with salt and pepper, and sear it in the skillet until deep golden brown on all sides, 8 to 10 minutes total.nWhile the pork is searing, in a small bowl stir together the Sriracha, hoisin and apricot preserves. When the pork is brown on all sides, slather both pieces with the prepared sauce. Transfer the skillet to the hot oven and finish roasting the tenderloins until cooked to your liking, about 12 minutes for medium.nWhile the pork is in the oven, in a large mixing bowl combine all of the ingredients for the salad. Season as needed with salt and pepper.nTo serve, thinly slice the pork and plate it up alongside the salad., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil or canola oil, 2 1pound pork tenderloins, trimmed, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Sriracha, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons apricot preserves, 2 cups prepared grains, such as farro, wheat berry or quinoa, 2 cups greens, roughly chopped as needed, such as spinach, rainbow chard or kale, 14 cup pitted black olives, roughly chopped, 14 cup prepared vinaigrette, such as lemon, balsamic or sesameginger, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Glazed Pork Loin With Salad Bar Salad, picturelink: null}, 11927: {instructions: For the artichokes: Fill a pot large enough to hold both the artichokes with 2 inches of water. Add salt to taste and the parsley sprigs and lemon slices if using.nTrim each artichoke by holding it firmly on its side and slicing off the top 12 inch or so, then cutting off the stem close to the base. Remove the smaller tough leaves around the base of the artichoke. Rinse the artichoke, separating the leaves as you do this. If you wish, you can cut off the tips of each leaf with scissors.nPut the artichokes in the pot the stem ends can be up or down, it doesnt matter, cover the pot and bring the water to a simmer over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and continue to simmer until a knife slides easily into the base of an artichoke or a leaf comes out very easily when pulled, 25 to 40 minutes. Make sure the water doesnt evaporate check after about 20 minutes and add more if needed.nFor the dipping sauce: Meanwhile, in a small bowl, blend together the mayonnaise, parsley, lemon juice and harissa. Season with salt and pepper.nServe the artichokes stemside down on plates, making sure there is room on the plates to discard the leaves or place a communal bowl in the middle of the table for people to toss in used leaves. Serve the sauce in tiny bowls on the side., ingredients: [Kosher or coarse salt, Handful fresh parsley sprigs, optional, 12 lemon, sliced, optional, 2 large artichokes, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon harissa sauce, Kosher or coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Steamed Artichokes with Harissa Mayonnaise Dipping Sauce, picturelink: 3TmUGMna6fM6PvDvxozfq2XSLXSM7y}, 11928: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the shallot, garlic, lemon juice, yogurt, mayonnaise, Gorgonzola, Tabasco, salt, and pepper in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Pulse the processor about 12 times, until the mixture is almost smooth but still a bit chunky. Add the chives and pulse two or three times, until combined. Transfer to a serving bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and chill for at least 2 hours to allow the flavors to develop. Serve with vegetables andor crackers for dipping., ingredients: [14 cup finely chopped shallot, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 7 ounces Greekstyle yogurt, such as Fage Total, 12 cup good mayonnaise, such as Hellmanns, 4 ounces sharp mountain Gorgonzola, crumbled, 5 dashes Tabasco sauce, or to taste, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons minced fresh chives, Crudites andor crackers, for serving], title: Chunky Blue Cheese and Yogurt Dip, picturelink: zJc9DKsZ.8sJirYEy8B7B7DFSRXW9Vy}, 11929: {instructions: To make the cake: In a bowl with a fork stir together the crumbs and the butter until the mixture is combined well, pat the mixture onto the bottom and 1inch up the side of a lightly oiled 8inch springform pan, 2 12 inches deep, and freeze the crust for 30 minutes, or until it is firm. Spread the ice cream evenly on the crust and return the pan to the freezer for 30 minutes, or until the ice cream is firm. In a bowl with an electric mixer beat the cream with the vanilla until it holds stiff peaks, fold in the amaretti thoroughly, and spread the mixture over the ice cream. Smooth the top of the cake, sprinkle it with the almonds, and freeze the cake for 30 to 45 minutes, or until the top is firm. Freeze the cake, covered with plastic wrap and foil, for at least 4 hours or overnight. Just before serving, wrap a warm dampened kitchen towel around the side of the pan, remove the side, and transfer the cake to a serving plate. Cut the cake into wedges with a knife dipped in hot water and serve it with the chocolate sauce.nTo make the sauce: In a small heavy saucepan combine the cream and the brown sugar, bring the mixture to a boil over moderately high heat, whisking occasionally, and boil it, whisking, until the brown sugar is dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat and add the chocolates, whisking until they are melted. Whisk in the butter and the amaretto, whisking until the sauce is smooth, and let the sauce cool slightly. The chocolate sauce may be made 1 week in advance and kept covered and chilled. Reheat the chocolate sauce over very low heat, stirring occasionally, until it is warm., ingredients: [1 12 cups fine chocolate wafer crumbs about 30 wafers, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 pints coffee ice cream, softened slightly, 1 12 cups wellchilled heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 12 cups crushed amaretti Italian almond macaroons, available at specialty food shops and some supermarkets, 12 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 23 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 4 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, softened, 3 to 4 tablespoons amaretto, or to taste], title: Coffee Almond IceCream Cake with Dark Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 11930: {instructions: In a double boiler add chocolate. Melt until smooth and then add the cream. Stir constantly. Once smooth, add the cinnamon and cayenne. Place into a fondue pot.nServe with strawberries, pretzels, and marshmallows., ingredients: [1 pound semisweet chocolate, chopped into chunks, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon cayenne, Strawberries, pretzel rods, and marshmallows for dipping], title: Spiced Chocolate Fondue with Fresh Strawberries, picturelink: RG8i0u5urE1f30GHnuV69gIhhG03Ye}, 11931: {instructions: Place the beans in a large saucepan and cover with cold water by about 2 inches. Bring to a boil and lower the heat to a simmer. Cook for 5 minutes remove from the heat, cover, and let sit for one hour. Drain and reserve. Tie the parsley, thyme, and bay leaf together with kitchen twine.nIn a large soup pot or Dutch oven combine the beans, herb bundle, hocks, carrots, onions, and garlic with 8 cups water. Bring to a boil, cover, and adjust the heat so the soup cooks at a gentle simmer. Cook until the beans and hock are completely tender, about 112 hours.nTurn off the heat and remove the hocks. Cool slightly. Remove the meat from the hocks, discarding the bones, fat and skin. Cut the meat into small cubes. Remove the herb bundle and discard.nPuree about 3 cups of the beans with a bit of the liquid in a blender. For a smoother soup puree all the beans. Stir the puree and diced meat into the soup. Heat the soup and adjust the seasoning as needed with salt and pepper. To serve divide the soup among heated bowls. Place a small pat of butter on top each soup and serve., ingredients: [1 pound navy beans, picked over, rinsed and drained, 10 sprigs parsley, 2 sprigs fresh thyme or rosemary, 1 bay leaf, 2 large smoked ham hocks, about 1 12 pounds, 1 medium carrot, coarsely chopped, 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped, 1 clove garlic, coarsely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Butter for garnish], title: Navy Bean Soup, picturelink: null}, 11932: {instructions: Drizzle the pork with extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Heat a skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook the pork in 2 batches, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Arrange the pork on a platter and cover with foil to keep warm.nReduce heat under the pan and add the butter to melt. Add the shallots, season with salt and lots of coarse pepper, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Sprinkle in the flour and stir 1 minute. Add a generous splash of sherry, and then whisk in the stock and thicken. Stir in the mustard and cornichons.nServe 3 medallions on each plate with lots of sauce, with bread alongside., ingredients: [12 slices pork tenderloin, each 12inch thick, Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons flour, A splash sherry or white wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons grainy mustard, 12 cornichons, halved or thinly sliced, Sliced baguette, for serving], title: Pork Medallions with Charcuterie Sauce, picturelink: qySCrqhJ0IRxWV5Bu3c1fzAcE.J4uy}, 11933: {instructions: Slice the salmon lengthwise into 4 to 5inch long sheets about 14inch thick. Place two slices on plastic wrap, salt and pepper fish, lay a sheet or nori on top. Place strips of squash on top of nori sprinkle with scallions, place another piece of plastic wrap on top and roll. Set in refrigerator to set may be made in advance, up to this point.nRemove plastic wrap and heat a saute pan with 2 tablespoons peanut oil. Saute roll in pan rotating every minute. Depending on desired temperature approximately 4 minutes of cooking time. Deglaze with soy sauce., ingredients: [1 small salmon about 3 pounds filleted, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 yellow squash, fine julienne, 12 cup sliced scallion, 1 package of nori seaweed sheets, 2 tablespoons soy sauce], title: Salmon Nori Maki, picturelink: null}, 11934: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace cut vegetables on a baking sheet and drizzle with some olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Place in oven and roast for about 10 minutes. Place couscous in a heat proof bowl and stir in all the spices and orange juice. Bring the vegetable stock to a boil and pour over the couscous making sure it covers the couscous mixture completely. Cover with a plate or plastic wrap and leave for 5 to 10 minutes or until all the stock is absorbed. Stir in the herbs, olive oil, grated lemon zest and juice. Fluff the couscous with a fork and toss with roasted vegetables., ingredients: [1 small zucchini, halved and cut into slices, 2 small red peppers, large dice, 1 small eggplant, quartered and sliced, Olive oil, to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups couscous, 2 cups vegetable stock, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon ground roasted cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 lemon, grated zest and juice], title: Spicy Couscous and Vegetables, picturelink: 7H.oLrxYi1YOCljrcRmta1kpjbhocA2}, 11935: {instructions: For the risotto: In large rondeau, heat the sunflower and sesame oils. Add the shallots and ginger and cook until translucent. Add the Arborio rice and toast for about 2 minutes. Stir vigorously so as not to get any color on the rice.nDeglaze the pan with the rice wine. Stir vigorously until the liquid is evaporated.nAdd 3 cups hot chicken stock at a time. Stir vigorously and constantly to create starch. Continue adding stock as needed, until the rice is just past al dente. Stir in the XO sauce. Spread on sheet pan to cool.nFor the rice balls: Heat wok until smoking, add sunflower oil and heat. Add the chicken and stir fry until cooked, then remove. Cool and chop.nWipe the wok clean. Reheat the wok, add the sesame oil and ginger and stir fry until fragrant.nAdd the shrimp, sausage, mustard greens, bamboo, mushrooms, peppercorns, and sesame seeds. Stir fry for a couple of minutes until tender and fragrant. Add the scallions, Chinese chives and chopped chicken. Add the soy sauce and oyster sauce and stirfry until the rice is coated with the sauce.nHeat deep fryer to 350 degrees F.nCombine mixture with risotto and form into balls approximately 1 ounce each.nUsing 3 separate bowls, put the flour into one bowl. Next, beat together the eggs and water in the second bowl and then place the panko breadcrumbs in the third bowl. Roll the balls in flour first, eggwater mixture, then coat with panko Japanese breadcrumbs. Deep fry until golden brown.nFor the curry mayo: Combine the mayonnaise, curry powder, and lemon juice and adjust if necessary. Chill.nFor the Asian Aioli: In a small pot, combine teriyaki and Korean BBQ sauce. Bring to a boil and thicken with cornstarch slurry. Cool and add mayonnaise and hoisin sauce. Adjust if necessary. Chill.nDrizzle the rice balls with with Curry Mayonnaise and Asian Aioli., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sunflower oil, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh ginger root, I cup Arborio rice, 12 cup Shao hsing rice wine, 12 tablespoon XO sauce spicy seafood sauce, 1 quart1 liter chicken stock, 1 tablespoon sunflower oil, 2 ounces of chicken thigh, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh ginger root, 2 ounces rehydrated shrimp small dried shrimp soaked in warm water for 12 hour, then drained, 2 ounces Chinese sausage, finely shopped, 2 ounces mustard greens, finely chopped, 1 12 ounces bamboo shoots, finely chopped, 1 12 ounces shiitake mushrooms, diced, 1 teaspoon Szechuan peppercorns, 12 teaspoon black sesame seeds, 12 bunch scallions, finely chopped, 14 bunch Chinese chives, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 3 eggs, 12 cup water, 1 cup flour, 1 cup breadcrumbs or panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 8 tablespoons mayonnaise recommended: Kewpie, 1 tablespoon curry powder recommended: S and B, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon teriyaki sauce, 1 tablespoon Korean BBQ sauce, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 8 tablespoons mayonnaise recommended: Kewpie, 2 teaspoons Hoisin sauce], title: Risotto Balls with Curry Mayo and Asian Aioli, picturelink: null}, 11936: {instructions: Put the tequila, lime juice, agave, egg white and jalapeno in a cocktail shaker and muddle the jalapeno. Add large ice cubes, shake vigorously and singlestrain into a rocks glass over fresh ice. Garnish with a lime wedge and serve., ingredients: [1 12 ounces blanco tequila, such as Don Julio Blanco, 1 ounce fresh lime juice, 1 ounce agave nectar, 1 pasteurized egg white, 1 slice jalapeno with 2 or 3 seeds, Lime wedge, for garnish], title: Ay Caramba, picturelink: MNOBWoRknnych.A6JNjIszDligOG5SO}, 11937: {instructions: Cook 4 ounces chopped prosciutto in a skillet with 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat until crisp, 4 minutes. Stir in 3 sliced garlic cloves and 1 tablespoon tomato paste cook 1 minute. Ladle in 1 cup pastacooking water and simmer until reduced by half, 4 minutes. Add 14 cup heavy cream and simmer until thickened, 3 minutes. Toss with 1 pound cooked ravioli, 1 cup blanched frozen peas and some chopped parsley. Top with grated parmesan.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: PeaProsciutto Sauce, picturelink: null}, 11938: {instructions: Season both sides of fish. Heat a large saute pan, and then add the olive oil. When oil is hot, add mahimahi pieces, skin side down. After 3 minutes, turn strips over and cook for another 3 minutes. Place fish over the Poblano Mashed Potatoes and spoon TomatoCumin Relish on top to plate.nBoil potatoes until tender. Rice potatoes and then, with a whisk, incorporate milk and butter. Puree poblano, scallions, cilantro, parsley, spinach and lime juice in a blender. Add mixture to potatoes and combine. Season to taste.nCombine tomatoes, onion, and scallions. Coat with olive oil. Add cumin. Season, to taste., ingredients: [1 pound mahimahi fillets, cut into 2ounce strips, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, Poblano Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, TomatoCumin Relish, recipe follows, 5 large baking potatoes, quartered, 1 cup hot milk, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 roasted poblano, 3 scallions, sliced, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 12 cup spinach leaves, 13 cup lime juice, Salt and pepper, 1 cup very ripe diced red tomatoes, 1 cup very ripe diced yellow tomatoes, 12 cup 14inch dice red onion, 12 cup sliced scallions, Olive oil, 1 tablespoon ground cumin], title: Pan Seared Mahimahi with Poblano Mash and Tomato Relish, picturelink: null}, 11939: {instructions: To make the grits bring the chicken broth to a boil and add the grits. Decrease the heat and simmer for 20 minutes over low heat, stirring frequently. Stir in the milk, grated cheddar cheese, cooked bacon and pureed chipotle chile. Season to taste and set aside in a warm place. To prepare the shellac, add the double espresso and the molasses to the glace de viande. Stir the ingredients together and set the shellac aside in a warm place. Season the beef fillets with salt and pepper. Then sear them in hot corn oil in a heavy skillet for 3 minutes over moderately high heat. Turn the fillets over and sear for 2 more minutes, then place the skillet with the fillets in a 400 degree oven for 7 minutes. Remove from the oven, brush with half the shellac and allow to cool to room temperature. In a hot, heavy skillet saute the white onion, garlic and spinach leaves in the butter until the spinach is just wilted, then season to taste with salt and pepper. For each serving, spoon a mound of the grits onto the center of a plate and top with the sauted spinach. Cut each beef fillet from the top to bottom at an angle. Place half a fillet, with the cut side facing the front of the plate on the spinach leaves and grits. Place the other half of the fillet on the plate so that its facing the front of the plate, leaning against the grits and the other half of the fillet. Drizzle the shellac around the perimeter of the plate and serve., ingredients: [1 cup chicken broth, 1 cup yellow southernstyle grits, uncooked, 12 cup milk, 12 cup grated cheddar cheese, 12 cup diced and cooked hickorysmoked bacon, 1 tablespoon pureed chipotle chiles in Adobo sauce, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons double espresso, 2 tablespoons molasses, 34 cup glace de viande, 4 8ounce centercut beef tenderloin fillets, 2 tablespoons corn oil, 1 cup white onion, julienned, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 6 cups cleaned spinach leaves, 2 tablespoons butter], title: PanRoasted Beef Filet in Coffee and Molasses Shellac, picturelink: null}, 11940: {instructions: Mix warm water with sugar to dissolve. Add yeast and let stand for 10 minutes. Mixture should get foamy or the yeast is dead. Mix in lard. In a food processor, add flour and yeast mixture. While blade is spinning, pour in water until a ball forms. If dough is too sticky, add more flour. If dough appears dry and doesnt form a ball, add more water. As soon as a ball forms, take dough out and knead by hand on a floured surface. For 10 minutes roll dough into one long log about 2 inches thick. Cut into 2inch pieces.nFried Wild Mushroom MiniBuns: In a hot saute pan coated with canola oil caramelize the shallots. Season. Add the crimini mushrooms and cook for one minute. Add the remaining mushrooms and thyme. Check for seasoning. Deglaze with red wine. Let reduce by 75 percent, then add the demiglace and reduce until dry. Cool mixture before stuffing the buns. Form small circles 1 12 inches in diameter with the dough and place mushroom mixture in the middle. Encircle stuffing with the dough and seal with a little twist. Let rest in a warm place for 30 minutes. Fry at 350 degrees until golden brown., ingredients: [34 cup warm water, 18 cup sugar, 12 tablespoon dry yeast, 12 tablespoon melted lard, 2 12 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 5 tablespoons water, Canola oil, for sauteeing, as well as deepfrying, 3 sliced shallots, Salt and black pepper, 1 cup crimini or button mushrooms, sliced, 1 cup chanterelle mushrooms, broken into small pieces, 1 cup shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 2 teaspoons fresh minced thyme, 12 cup red wine, 12 cup veal demiglace 12cup chicken stock with 12tablespoon dark soy saucee], title: Fried Wild Mushroom Mini Buns, picturelink: null}, 11941: {instructions: Frost cupcake. Place the large marshmallow in the center. Lightly frost candy eyes and press onto the marshmallow. Frost the back of the jujube candy and put below eyes to for a nose. Frost the short piece of licorice lightly and press underneath the nose to make the mouth. Press minimarshmallows all around the cupcakes and the face to make the lambs coat. Frost the tips of the pink jelly beans to make ears. Stick the purple jelly beans in the front and back of the cupcake for feet. Curl the long piece of licorice and press into frosting to make the lambs tail.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup cupcake tins with paper liners. To avoid cupcakes sticking if they overflow slightly, lightly spray the tops of the pans. Put tins on a baking sheet. Set aside.nProcess sugar and butter in a food processor until very creamy, scraping sides as needed, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the eggs and yolks, one at a time, pulsing after each addition. Add the milk, water, and vanilla and process to blend.nWhisk both flours, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Add the dry ingredients, in 3 batches to the wet, pulsing, and then scraping batter off the sides of the processor as needed after each addition. Process until the batter is very smooth and pourable like pancake batter, about 2 minutes.nEvenly pour the batter into the prepared cups, filling them 34 of the way full. Bake until the cakes are just firm and spring back when gently pressed, and the tops are golden, 18 to 25 minutes. Cool slightly in tin, and turn out of tin when cool enough to handle. Cool cupcakes completely on a rack before frosting.nWhisk the milk and vanilla extract together in a small bowl.nSlowly beat the butter and sugar, in another medium bowl, with an electric mixer until incorporated. Raise the speed to high and mix until light and fluffy, about 5 to 7 minutes. Occasionally turn the mixer off, and scrape the sides of the bowl down with a rubber spatula. Add the fluff and salt and reduce the speed to low. Add the milk and vanilla mixture, scrape the bowl down, and mix until fully incorporated. Raise the mixer to high and beat briefly until fluffy, about 1 to 2 minutes. Use immediately., ingredients: [1 Vanilla Cupcake, taken out of the paper, recipe follows, About 1 cup White Fluff Frosting, recipe follows, 1 large marshmallow, 2 white candy eyes, 1 purple jujube candy, 1 short 14 inch and 1 long piece 2 inch black string licorice, 35 minimarshmallows, 4 purple and 2 pink jelly beans, 2 23 cups sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 23 cup milk, 23 cup water, 2 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 23 cups allpurpose flour, 1 13 cups cake flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 cup whole milk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 5 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup marshmallow fluff, Pinch fine salt], title: Little Lamb Cupcake, picturelink: iwRCKjatLHGS9VI15VA.ZC3SKKr7ZBa}, 11942: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a 9inchsquare baking dish or a 9inch castiron skillet with cooking spray. Whisk the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk the egg, milk, sour cream and melted butter whisk into the dry ingredients until combined. Fold in the scallions, broccoli and cheddar cheese.nPour the batter into the prepared dish or skillet. Bake until the cornbread springs back when pressed in the center, 25 to 35 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes in the dish, then loosen the edges and slice., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Kosher salt, 1 egg, 1 cup milk, 1 cup sour cream or plain Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup chopped scallions, 12 cup chopped broccoli florets, blanched, 12 cup grated cheddar cheese], title: BroccoliCheddar Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 11943: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare the barbeque sauce:nIn a medium saucepan or a large highsided saute pan, combine the ketchup, cider vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce, light brown sugar, dark brown sugar, dry mustard, Dijon mustard and chili powder. Whisk to blend. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Add the ginger, garlic and lemon slices and stir to combine. Simmer until the vinegar mellows slightly and the flavors start to meld together, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to cool. Discard the ginger pieces.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Position the rack in the lower third of the oven. Line a baking sheet or, if needed, 2 baking sheets with foil. Season the chicken parts on both sides with salt, to taste. Pour about 1 12 cups of the barbeque sauce into a large bowl. Reserve the remaining sauce on the side. Submerge the chicken pieces in the sauce and arrange them on the prepared baking sheet with some of the lemon slices. The chicken should all be in a single layer with a little space between them. If additional space is needed, use the second baking sheet. Brush with barbeque sauce.nPut the baking sheets in the oven and bake, undisturbed, for 20 minutes. Remove the chicken from the oven and use a pair of metal tings to turn the pieces to the other side. Use a pastry brush to coat the second side of the chicken with the barbeque sauce from the bowl. Do not reuse that bowl or brush again. Return the sheets to the oven and cook for an additional 15 to 20 minutes. Poke a thigh with the tip of a small knife and verify the chicken juices run clear and not pink. Turn the broiler on and broil for a minute until the chicken is charred on top.nWarm the reserved barbeque sauce in a small saucepan over low heat. Pour into a serving bowl.nTransfer the chicken to a serving platter and serve immediately with the warm sauce on the side., ingredients: [3 cups ketchup, 2 cups cider vinegar, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup light soy sauce, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dry mustard preferably Colmans, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 cup chili powder, 1 knob fresh ginger about 4 inches, peeled and cut in 3 pieces, 5 large cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 2 lemons, cut into 12inch thick slices, 4 to 5 pounds chicken parts, a mixture of light and dark meat, all relatively the same size, Kosher salt], title: My Mothers Chicken with Barbeque Sauce, picturelink: ZI9QplqRpBIZ5c5HtNLxhiYLc6ZWv1.}, 11944: {instructions: Drop the lobster in boiling water for no more than 45 seconds. Separate the tail, body, and claws. Split the tail and remove the meat. Crack the claws and knuckles open and remove their meat. Save the body and shells, if desired, for other applications u00bf otherwise discard. Cut the butter into small cubes. Place them in a small saucepan and add the water. Heat the 4 ounces of butter slowly u00bf whisking it with the water until fully melted. Add the lobster meat. Cook the meat in the butter over low heat for a total of about 5 minutes. Check the claw and knuckle meat after about 3 minutes. When cooked, remove the meat from the butter and set aside to cool slightly. Cut the tail and knuckle meat in mediumlarge pieces. The claw meat will break up in your fingers. Set aside.nBefore starting on the sauce, put a pot on the stove with heavily salted water for boiling the macaroni. Next, melt the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter in a medium saucepot over mediumhigh heat. Add the flour and cook for about 2 minutes, stirring often with a wooden spoon, until the mixture browns slightly and develops a nutty aroma. Stir in the cream and bring back up to a boil, stirring constantly. Add the milk and, again, bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and let cook for about 3 minutes. Add the cheeses, a handful at a time, and stir until fully incorporated. Add the morel powder.nWhen the water for the pasta has come to a rolling boil, add the pasta and cook al dente see package for exact times. Dump the cooked pasta into a colander to drain off the water. Add the pasta to the sauce and stir together. Fold in the cooked lobster meat and serve right away., ingredients: [1 lobster, about 1 12 pounds, 4 ounces unsalted butter plus 1 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, 9 ounces Cheddar, shredded, 4 ounces Gruyere, shredded, 1 tablespoon morel powder dried morels that are ground in a spice grinder, 10 ounces macaroni pasta any kind], title: Lobstermorel Mac n Cheese, picturelink: null}, 11945: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix together all of the sauce ingredients in a medium bowl, cover, and let sit at room temperature for at least 1 hour and up to 2 hours before serving.nHeat your grill to high.nToss the prawns with the oil in a bowl and season with the salt and pepper. Grill the prawns for 2 to 3 minutes per side, or until just cooked through. Remove to a platter and immediately spoon the sauce over shrimp with a slotted spoon. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 14 cups olive oil, 1 grilled yellow bell pepper, peeled, seeded and finely diced, 1 grilled poblano chile, peeled, seeded and finely diced, 1 grilled serrano chile, peeled, seeded and finely diced, optional, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Splash red wine vinegar, optional, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 24 prawns, in the shell, preferably with heads, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Prawns with Spicy Fresh Pepper Sauce, picturelink: DYhD4uwoLHOpWkr.hqlqVVGNaGVNaUu}, 11946: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRim the glasses with the lemon halves. Place some sugar on a shallow plate and dip the tops of the glasses in it. Fill a shaker halfway with ice. Add the cognac, lemon juice and orange liqueur. Shake for 10 seconds. Strain into the sugarrimmed glasses and enjoy, ingredients: [1 lemon, cut in half, Sugar, to rim the glasses, Ice, 3 ounces cognac, 1 12 ounces fresh lemon juice, 1 12 ounces orange liqueur], title: Easy Sidecar Cocktail, picturelink: uE24pk.KRdXg3NGfFoJJFAqOZfZvshW}, 11947: {instructions: Make the dressing: Whisk the mayonnaise, buttermilk, vinegar, onion powder, chives, parsley, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small bowl set aside.nMake the salad: Put the red onion in a bowl and cover with cold water let soak 10 minutes, then drain.nCombine the lettuce in a large bowl and add the radishes, carrots, cucumbers, bell pepper and red onion. Toss with the dressing and season with salt.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [23 cup mayonnaise, 23 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 clove garlic, grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 head red leaf lettuce, torn, 1 head romaine lettuce, torn, 6 radishes, thinly sliced, 2 carrots, grated, 2 Kirby cucumbers, thinly sliced, 1 large green bell pepper, thinly sliced, Kosher salt], title: Salad with Buttermilk Ranch Dressing, picturelink: kDaeu8FQp0cQJ5migns8hE6E9hXf4X2}, 11948: {instructions: Pulse the kimchi in a food processor to roughly chop. Add the mayonnaise, ketchup, ginger and salt pulse to combine. Store in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour or until ready to use.nServe with peeled shrimp for dipping., ingredients: [1 cup kimchi, such as Mother in Laws vegan, 12 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 pounds cooked and peeled large shrimp], title: Korean Shrimp Cocktail, picturelink: Mt7E8byYiibY.P6O6T63.Gt1dqjNcd.}, 11949: {instructions: Preheat oven to 150 degrees. Remove tomato stems and cut the tomatoes in half at the poles. Salt and pepper the cut sides then place tomatoes cutside down on a rack in a broiler pan. Brush the tops the skin side liberally with olive oil, then add salt and pepper. Place tomatoes in oven. Cook slowly for 12 hours, brushing the skins with olive oil every 2 hours to prevent the skins from drying out. When done, let tomatoes come to room temperature. For the dressing: Put the vinegar in a bowl and slowly whisk in the extra virgin olive oil until the dressing thickens. Add the olives and the garlic clove. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Mix well and let stand for 12 hours. To serve: Place 3 tomato halves on each of 8 plates. Remove garlic from dressing and divide dressing among the plates, pouring over and around the tomatoes. Scatter the fennel strips on top of the tomatoes and finish with a touch of chervil., ingredients: [12 tomatoes, 23 inches in diameter, Olive oil for brushing, 3 tablespoons mild red wine vinegar, 9 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped nicoise olives, 1 large clove garlic, smashed, 12 cup strips of fennel, julienne, Finely chopped chervil for garnish parsley can be substituted], title: OvenDried Tomatoes with Fennel, picturelink: null}, 11950: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBreak the eggs into a shallow dish and add the milk. Whisk together until well combined. In another shallow dish mix together the cornmeal, Parmesan, and Italian seasoning. Season the chicken with salt and pepper, to taste. Dip the chicken pieces into the egg and milk mixture. Next, dredge the pieces into the cornmeal mixture coating them generously and put them on a large plate.nIn a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat to 360 degrees F. Dip the end of a wooden spoon into the oil: if bubbles form, the oil is ready for frying. Fry the chicken until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes per side. Remove the chicken pieces to a plate lined with a brown bag to soak up the excess oil. Transfer to a baking sheet and finish cooking them in the oven, about 20 minutes. Arrange on a serving platter and serve.nReserve the legs, thighs, and wings of the chicken for the round 2 recipe Italian Fried Chicken.nRemove the bones and skin from the breasts and slice, in half, lengthwise. Pound the 4 pieces between sheets of plastic wrap to flatten them, about 14inch thick. Sprinkle with poultry seasoning and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Coat the chicken with the flour, shaking off any excess.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the oil and butter. Mix together and when the butter has melted add the chicken, working in batches, until they are golden brown, about 4 to 6 minutes per side. Remove the chicken, to a serving platter, cover and keep warm. Add the chicken broth to the pan and cook it over high heat until it reduces by half and thickens slightly, about 5 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice, parsley and basil. Taste, and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, if needed. Pour the sauce over the cooked chicken serve with the Roasted Garlic and Mushroom Risotto., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 12 cup milk, 1 cup cornmeal, 2 tablespoons Italian seasoning, 14 cup Parmesan, 2 each chicken legs, thighs, and wings leftover from Chicken Scaloppine, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups canola oil, for frying, 1 4 to 5pound whole chicken, cut into parts, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 14.5ounce can chicken broth, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Round 2 Recipe  Italian Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 11951: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F.nCut each pita half into 4 wedges. Arrange the pita wedges in a single layer on a baking sheet. Brush with the oil, then sprinkle with the oregano, salt and pepper. Bake for 5 to 8 minutes until crisp and golden.nIn a medium bowl, combine the bacon, mascarpone cheese, sour cream, and chives. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the dip to a serving bowl.nArrange the pita chips and dip on a platter and serve., ingredients: [4 wholewheat pita breads, halved, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 4 strips bacon, cooked until crisp, finely chopped, 1 cup 8 ounces mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 34 cup sour cream, 14 cup chopped fresh chives], title: WholeWheat Pita Chips with MascarponeChive Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 11952: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo prepare the salsa: Combine the tomatoes, scallions, jalapeno, cilantro, and lime juice in a mixing bowl. Add a healthy pinch of salt and set aside at room temperature until ready to cook the enchiladas.nPreheat your oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 13inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.nTo prepare the enchiladas: Place the shredded chicken in a large bowl. Add half of the grated cheese, sour cream, and onion season with salt and pepper. Mix well to combine.nPlace the tortillas on your work surface. Spoon about 1 cup of the chicken mixture across the center of each tortilla. Roll them up to close and place, seam side down, in the prepared baking dish. Pour the salsa over the tortillas. Cover with aluminum foil and bake until heated through, about 40 minutes.nRemove the foil and sprinkle the enchiladas with the remaining 1 cup of grated cheese. Return the baking dish to the oven until the cheese is melted and edges of the tortillas are just beginning to get crisp, 5 to 8 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 14ounce can diced tomatoes with chiles, drained, 2 scallions, light green and white parts only, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded, deveined, and finely chopped, 12 cup finely chopped cilantro leaves, 1 lime, juiced, Pinch salt, 1 rotisserie chicken, meat removed and shredded skin and bones discarded, 2 cups grated Cheddar, 1 cup sour cream, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 8inch flour tortillas], title: FastestEver Enchiladas, picturelink: qbasS7vhRNudxbnkAW7uqtXrol0W}, 11953: {instructions: Prepare the dumplings: Cook bacon in a skillet over low heat until tender, not crisp. Add onions, salt, and pepper. Cook over low heat until onions are soft, about 7 to 10 minutes. Reserve.nPlace chicken in a food processor fitted with the metal blade, along with the allspice, potato and egg. Process until chicken is ground, about 2 minutes. Add the cream and process until mixture is thick and sticky. Stir in the reserved Sauteed onion and bacon, along with the dill. Place mixture in a bowl, cover, and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, prepare the soup: Melt butter over mediumlow heat in a large stockpot or Dutch oven. Cook onions with salt and pepper until soft, about 5 minutes.nAdd the chicken stock and cook over moderate heat, uncovered, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, finely chop carrots in a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Add carrots to soup. Bring to a boil, return to a simmer, and cook, uncovered, until the carrots are soft, about 10 minutes.nPuree soup in a blender or food processor until smooth. Strain back into pot, pressing with the back of a ladle to extract all the juices. Shape dumplings with 2 oval soup spoons dipped in hot water or with slightly wet hands. They should be ovals or balls, about 1 12inches in diameter. Drop dumplings carefully into simmering soup and cook for 5 to 6 minutes or until they float to the surface. Add milk, bring to a boil and remove from heat. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 strips bacon, cut in small squares, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 6 ounce boned chicken breast, fat and sinews removed, cut into chunks, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 large potato, peeled, boiled, riced about 34 cup, 1 egg, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup minced fresh dill, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 onions, sliced, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 4 cups chicken stock, 34 pound carrots, peeled about 4 large, 1 cup milk], title: Carrot Soup with Bacon and Dill Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 11954: {instructions: To prepare the crust, in a bowl, using an electric mixer on low speed, cream the butter and sugar together. Add the egg yolk, cream, and vanilla and mix well. In another bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa, and salt. Mix the flour mixture with the wet ingredients until incorporated. Press into a square on a piece of plastic wrap, wrap in the plastic, and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator, unwrap, and knead on a floured work surface until the dough is pliable. If using a 10inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom, roll the dough out to 14inch thick and 12 inches in diameter. Spray the tart pan with vegetableoil cooking spray. Carefully transfer the dough to the prepared pan and press firmly into the bottom and sides of the pan. Using a rolling pin, press down on the pan edges to trim off the excess dough. If using individual 3inch tartlet pans with removable bottoms, divide the dough into 8 equal parts. Roll each one out to 14 inch thick and 4 inches in diameter. Spray the tartlet pans with vegetableoil cooking spray. Carefully transfer each dough round to a prepared tartlet pan and press firmly into the bottom and sides of the pans. Using a rolling pin, press down on the edges of the pans to trim off the excess dough. Refrigerate the lined tart or tartlet pans for 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line the pastry shells with aluminum foil. Bake the 10inch tart for 15 minutes, or the tartlets for 10 minutes, until the pastry begins to pull away from the sides of the pan. Remove the shells from the oven and allow to cool before removing the foil. Decrease the oven temperature to 300 degrees.nTo prepare the filling, in a small saucepan, melt the butter over low heat. Stir in the chocolate until completely melted. In a bowl, mix the eggs, sugar, and corn syrup together. Add the chocolate mixture to the egg mixture and mix well. Add the vanilla extract and mix well. Fold in the nuts.nPour the filling into the prebaked shells. Bake the 1inch tart for about 1 hour and 20 minutes, or the tartlets for 35 to 40 minutes, untill the filling puffs up in the center but is not cracked. Allow to cool on racks and then refrigerate for 2 hours to make unmolding easier.nTo prepare the whipped cream, combine all the ingredients in a bowl, and whip with an electric mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form.nTo unmold, remove the pan sides and slide the pie or tarts onto a serving plate. Serve the pie at room temperature with the whipped cream and chopped nuts.nMakes 1 10inch pie or 8 individual tarts., ingredients: [34 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup plus 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons plus 1 12 teaspoons heavy cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups cake flour, 14 cup cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, 5 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 cups dark corn syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 12 cups halved macadamia nuts, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons chopped macadamia nuts, for garnish], title: Chocolate Macadamia Nut Pie, picturelink: null}, 11955: {instructions: Work with puff pastry on lightly floured surface. Lay rounds on baking tray lined with wax paper. Drain bayaldi slightly and fan out onto pastry, onionfennel mix and all leaving 12 inch area for crust to rise around outside. Brush with olive mix and anchovy Bake at 375 degrees for about 10 minutes, rotating tray after 5 minutes. Serve with a salad using remaining juices and vegetables as part of your vinaigrette. Reduced juices of the bayaldi serve as a great base for meats and fish, such as grilled lamb chops., ingredients: [4 circles of store bought frozen puff pastry, defrosted and cut 5 inches in diameter, Scant amount of flour, 12 teaspoon black olive paste, mixed with 12 teaspoon olive oil, 8 filets of canned anchovies chopped optional], title: Vegetable Tart, picturelink: null}, 11956: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSeason the beef tenderloin roast generously with salt and pepper.nHeat 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the beef to the skillet and cook, turning occasionally until the beef is brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer the beef to a baking sheet. Roast in the oven until a thermometer inserted into the center of the beef registers 120 degrees F for mediumrare, about 35 minutes. Transfer the beef to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes.nIn a large skillet, heat 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and saute until browned and lightly crisp.nIn a separate skillet, over high temperature, brown the chopped bacon until crisp. Remove the bacon from the skillet and set aside. Pour out most of the bacon fat, reserving some in the pan. In the same pan, heat the bacon fat over mediumlow heat. Add the onions and cook the onions until soft and cooked through, about 8 minutes.nIn a large saucepan, combine the cooked mushrooms, bacon, onions, and cream, and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer for 15 minutes, or until the cream thickens. Stir in the chopped parsley reserving some for garnish, and season with salt, and pepper, to taste.nThinly slice the beef tenderloin and transfer to a warmed serving platter. Pour the warm mushroom gravy over top and garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 beef tenderloin, about 2 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 pounds mixed mushrooms, roughly chopped, 1 1pound package applewood smoked bacon, chopped, 1 large onion, diced, 1 pint heavy cream or halfandhalf, 1 bunch fresh Italian flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Moms Mushroom Beef Tenderloin, picturelink: hhv43FWXkIn2dexO2ZHXG0nPrsiomaa}, 11957: {instructions: For the balsamic vinaigrette: Combine the vinegar, mustard, honey and salt and pepper to taste. Stir with a whisk or fork, then drizzle in oil, whisking constantly, until combined.nFor the roasted tomatoes: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with foil and spread out the tomatoes evenly to ensure a proper roast on each. Sprinkle the dried basil, salt, garlic powder, onion powder, pepper and Italian seasoning over the tomatoes, making certain that each tomato is well seasoned. Drizzle 14 cup vinaigrette over the tomatoes, making sure not to overcoat the tomatoes.nRoast the tomatoes 45 minutes. This is a fast roast, not an ovendried tomato. Do not flip or shake the pan. The tomatoes will caramelize slightly on the top and the bottoms will remain juicy. Turn the oven off and let sit in the oven 15 additional minutes., ingredients: [12 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 34 cup canola oil, 5 pounds roma tomatoes, quartered, 1 tablespoon dried basil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon dried garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning], title: OvenRoasted Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 11958: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to medium.nIn a large bowl, toss the vegetables with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the vegetables on the grill, turning occasionally, until charred and tender, about 10 minutes. Remove to a plate and sprinkle with red pepper flakes.nSlice the bread in half lengthwise with a serrated knife. Toast the bread on the grill Remove the bread and evenly spread Lemon Mayo on both sides. Evenly divide the vegetables on the bottom halves of the bread. Top with the sliced mozzarella and a handful or so of the basil. Cover with the top half of the bread and secure with toothpicks. Slice into 4 portions and serve.nAdd the mayonnaise, garlic, lemon zest, lemon juice and salt and pepper, to taste, to a small bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until needed., ingredients: [1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 medium red onion, cut into 12inch rings, 1 yellow bell pepper, quartered, seeds and ribs removed, 1 red bell pepper, quartered, seeds and ribs removed, 1 summer squash, sliced on the bias into 12inch pieces, 1 zucchini squash, sliced on the bias into 12inch pieces, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste, 1 12inch long loaf Italian bread with sesame seeds, Lemon Mayo, recipe follows, 1 8ounce ball fresh mozzarella, sliced, 1 bunch basil leaves, 34 cups mayonnaise, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 lemon, zested, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pats Grilled Vegetable Hero, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 11959: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSnap or cut the dry stem ends off each asparagus and place on a heavy baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and toss. Roast until the asparagus is tender, about 15 minutes. Cool slightly and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound asparagus, trimmed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Asparagus, picturelink: hiJvYFfx8ODvBFVKVEPQT7O3LKIo2}, 11960: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spray two 24cup mini muffin tins with cooking spray.nPlace the russets into a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until halfway done, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain, then use a kitchen towel to carefully remove skins. Let cool for 15 minutes.nGrate the parcooked russets into a large bowl. Grate the red potatoes and add them to the bowl as well. Add the salt, pepper, flour and olive oil. Gently combine by hand.nScoop one tablespoon of the potato mixture into each muffin cup, pressing flat with your fingers. Bake until brown at the edges, 15 minutes, then flip so that each side gets golden brown Spray the tops with more nonstick spray and sprinkle with salt. Return to the oven and bake until browned, another 12 to 15 minutes.nServe with ketchup and mustard for dipping., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 pounds medium russet potatoes about 4 potatoes, 2 large red potatoes 8 ounces total, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, plus for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Ketchup and mustard, for dipping], title: Homemade Potato Tots, picturelink: QdV.TvN5T4404t5XawY1js3QD6MLGq}, 11961: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook spaghetti according to package directions. Meanwhile, cook bacon in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until golden brown. Add onion and garlic and saute 3 minutes, until onion is soft. Add oregano and cook 1 minute. Add flour and stir to coat onion. Add milk and bring to a simmer. Cook 5 minutes, until sauce thickens, stirring frequently.nRemove from heat and stir in sour cream, Parmesan and parsley. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Drain pasta and toss with sauce to coat. Serve., ingredients: [16 ounces spaghetti, 1 cup chopped turkey bacon or regular bacon, 12 cup chopped onion, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups lowfat milk, 12 cup lowfat or nonfat sour cream, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Spaghetti Carbonara, picturelink: TmIDPyaHF606sVSWJV0l6d095lusOLi}, 11962: {instructions: Bring 6 quarts water to boil and add 2 tablespoons salt.nIn a 12 inch to 14 inch saute pan, heat cream and walnuts to boil and remove from heat. Drop pasta into water and cook until tender, about 45 seconds. Drain well and toss into pan with nuts. Sprinkle with Gorgonzola cheese pieces, toss two or three times and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 recipe tagarin pasta, rolled to thinnest setting on machine and cut into 18th inch strips, 1 cup whipping cream, 12 cup walnuts, 12 cup Gorgonzola, broken into thumbnailsized pieces], title: Tagarin with Gorgonzola and Walnuts, picturelink: null}, 11963: {instructions: E is for Eggplant, not usually found in soups, but eggplant works, especially if you can find the small green Thai eggplant. You dont even have to peel them, just remove their caps. If you dont find Thai eggplant, purple eggplant will do nicely 12 small Thai eggplant or 1 purple eggplant, peeled, diced and slightly sauteed in olive oil F is for Fungi that means mushrooms Any mushrooms will work White button or Shiitake or Oyster. 2 handfuls of mushrooms, chopped and sauteed with a little bit of olive oil G is for Ginger. A fabulous root spice, the best of which comes from our 50th state, Hawaii. 14 to 12 teaspoon Ginger root, peeled and very finely chopped. H is for HOT. If you like your soups spicy hot, you can add Habanero peppers, which is the hottest pepper of all. Not everyone appreciates Habanero in this soup they are optional and should be handled by grown ups only 2 to 3 Habaneros, seeded and finely diced I is for Ingredients. This is what cooks call all of the things that go into a recipe. I have never found a vegetable that starts with the letter I. If you can think of one, please let me know J is for Jicama, a delicious root vegetable, which is quite popular in the tropical regions of the world, and looks very much like a potato. 14 cup jicama, peeled and diced K is for Kohlrabi, a great vegetable that comes in red, green and sometimes white. The leafy top and globe shaped bottom are all good to eat. A few diced kohlrabi leaves or 18 cup kohlrabi bottom, peeled and diced nA is for vitamin A. We all know that Vitamin A is found in carrots, but its also found in green vegetables like Asparagus and Artichokes .nB is for Broccoli. Former President Bush was famous for not enjoying broccoli, but his wife Barbara loved it, and she was dedicated to the cause of reading, all across this country. I hope youll join me in thanking Barbara Bush for all of her work with literacy. .nC is for Carrots, yummy I love carrots theyre sweet, crunchy and good for the eyes, teeth and bones. .nD is for Daikon, a vegetable used a lot in Asian cuisine. It adds a wonderful flavor to soup.nP is for Pepper, the black kind. I was once asked if I could pick only 2 spices, which ones would they be. My answer Salt and Pepper Pepper to taste in a pot of soup like this one, 1 teaspoon is a good place to start Q is for questions. My question: Have we forgotten anything, like maybe a delicious green vegetable that belongs in our soup I say Yes Lets revisit C and add some Celery 1 small bunch of celery, diced Q is also for Quarter. We need a Quarter cup of liquid you can add water or vegetable juice for broth, which should be combined with 1 teaspoon of butter for a smooth texture. R is for Rosemary, a herb which goes wonderfully in soup. 2 teaspoons fresh Rosemary S is for Salt, Sage and Savory Spicesall things that wake up the natural flavor of our vegetable soup. 1 teaspoon each of Sage and savory Herb de Provence Salt to taste T is for Tomato, one of my very favorite things to put into soup 4 red Tomatoes, diced T is also for Thyme, another great herb. 14 teaspoon Thyme Which sounds like Time, something our soup also needs. After our alphabet has been completed, bring the soup to a quick boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 45 to 60 minutes. U is for You make sure that you add something that You enjoy. My soup is always made from vegetables, but You may want to add fish or chicken or ground meat. Saute or grill it first, with a little bit of salt and peppernL is for Lemongrass, which is used a lot in Asia. If you cant find it, you can substitute a little lemon juice, or a little of its peel. .nM is for Maize, the Native American word for corn .nN is for Nutmeg, a wonderful spice that smells good too .nO is for Onion. My favorites are the big white ones, the sweet yellow ones, and the Spring green ones .nX is for no vegetable that Ive ever heard of. If you can think of one, I hope youll let me know. In the meantime, did you know that some people write the letter X as the symbol for a kiss So when you have a steaming bowl of hot soup in front of you, you might want to blow a kiss into it its a lovely way to cool it off. Y is for Yams. Here in America, Yams are a variety of sweet potato. 2 medium Yams, peeled and diced Y is also for Yukon Gold, a yellowfleshed potato which will help to make our soup nice and thick. 3 large Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and diced Z is for Zucchini, one of my favorites 3 medium Zucchini, sliced into wheels Method: Bring to a boil and simmer for 45 to 60 minutes. Your broth will be slowly created in the process. Check your seasoning during the cooking process, and add spices to taste. You may want to add 3 to 4 tablespoons of olive oil to thicken the broth and to add richness.nV is for Vegetable the Vegetable of your choice that isnt in the pot yet maybe cabbage, squash, bell pepper, Brussels sprouts, cauliflower, garlic cloves, anything you can think of .nV is also for Victory. While I stir this soup, I thank God for my Victory over illiteracy. Not only can I read wonderful recipes, I can write them too, for you to read and to enjoy preparing .nW is for Water, which wont be necessary if you cover the pot while the soup is simmering this may be a good moment for you parents to explain to your kids how liquid evaporates, or rises in the form of steam. .nIf your pot is uncovered, add 14 cup water .nIf you plan to use a lid, you can chop some Watercress or Water Chestnuts, to make sure that there is a W in the soup., ingredients: [14 to 12 pound asparagus, cut into 1 inch pieces, 6 artichoke bottoms hearts cut into quarters, 2 heads of broccoli and their trimmed stalks cut into pieces, 3 carrots, peeled and cut into pieces, 1 medium daikon, peeled and cut into pieces, 1 tablespoon minced lemongrass or 12 teaspoon yellow lemon peel, grated, Kernels of 3 ears of corn, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 white onion, peeled and diced, 1 yellow onion, peeled and diced, 1 bunch of green onions, diced], title: Curtis Aikens Abc Soup, picturelink: null}, 11964: {instructions: Combine the sliced radishes, sliced cucumber, mint and cilantro in a medium bowl. Whisk together the lime juice, olive oil, and salt and pepper, to taste, until well combined. Pour the dressing on top of the salad and toss to combine. Place arugula on a serving dish and top with tossed salad. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces radishes, thinly sliced, 1 large cucumber, thinly sliced, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, chopped, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 14 cup lime juice from about 2 limes, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups arugula], title: Crunchy Garden Salad, picturelink: 6k8z9SqgLFDCxfljCc.KVHYZQRCoIVW}, 11965: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large Dutch oven, heat the oil over mediumheat. Add the Italian sausage and bacon to brown on all sides breaking up with the back of a wooden spoon, about 10 minutes. Remove all but 2 tablespoons fat. Add the onion, carrots, celery, and garlic and saute briefly, just until fragrant scraping up any browned bits. Add the zucchini, diced tomatoes, thyme, rosemary, chicken broth, and canned or cooked cannellini beans. Bring the mixture to a simmer. Add the duck confit. Remove the Dutch oven from the stovetop and place in a 350 degree F oven for 30 minutes remove and sprinkle the bread crumbs and place back in the oven for another 10 minutes or until golden brown.nCassoulet Variation:nCajun Cassoulet: Use Andouille sausage and chicken as meat varieties. Replace the thyme and rosemary with 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning. Substitute the cannellini beans for red beans., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 8 ounces loose or bulk hot Italian sausage, 8 ounces slab bacon, cut into lardons, 1 medium onion, diced, 3 medium carrots, diced unpeeled, 2 stalks celery, diced, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 medium zucchini, diced, 1 14.5 ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon torn fresh rosemary leaves 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth or stock, 3 cans 15.5ounce cannellini beans, drained and rinsed or 8 ounces dried cannellini beans, cooked, 2 pieces duck confit leg and thigh, optional, but suggested, 1 cup bread crumbs, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cassoulet, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 11966: {instructions: Whisk the red wine vinegar, balsamic vinegar, olive oil, 12 teaspoon sea salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl.nAdd the scallions, red onion, Peppadew peppers, honey, white beans, chickpeas, pinto beans and black beans and toss to coat. Let sit in the refrigerator at least 2 hours to allow the flavors to blend. Mix thoroughly before serving.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [13 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt and freshly cracked pepper, 14 cup sliced scallions about 3 scallions, 34 cup finely diced red onion, 14 cup diced jarred Peppadew peppers or roasted red bell peppers, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 12ounce can white beans, drained and rinsed, 1 12ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 1 12ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 1 12ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed], title: FourBean Relish, picturelink: LICfMI4aLuuiXQ9RWQ.ujdQH7g4lMPe}, 11967: {instructions: Special equipment: 3 cups apple wood smoking chips 1 disposable aluminum pie plate or drip pannSoak the wood chips in water for at least 2 hours.nWhen ready to grill, preheat 1 of the burners to 350 degrees F.nMake sure the chicken is clean and innards are removed pat dry with a paper towel and set aside. In a small mixing bowl, add paprika, brown sugar, kosher salt, cayenne pepper, onion powder, garlic salt, chili powder and mix well. Take the chicken and separate the skin from the breast taking care not to tear or remove skin. Apply the spice rub directly to the chicken breast, under the skin. Apply rub to the entire chicken, inside and out, reserving at least 2 tablespoons. Punch 2 holes at the top of the can, with a manual handheld can opener. In a new bowl, mix butter and remaining spice rub. Add this mixture to the halffull can of beer. Place chicken over beer can and insert into the cavity of the chicken, keeping beer can standing up.nPlace the wood chips in a foil smoker pouch over the active burner on the grill and set the chicken, on a pie plate, over the inactive burner. Close the lid. Rotate the chicken every 20 minutes. 5 minutes before cooking is complete, drizzle the honey over the chicken. The chicken should take about 1 hour and 20 minutes to cook, or until an instantread thermometer registers 155 degrees F. Slice and serve., ingredients: [4 pound chicken, 14 cup paprika, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 heaping teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 12 can beer recommended Sam Adams White Ale, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Robin Kourys Spice of Life Beer Can Chicken, picturelink: 6bb7XNrsXIV5JscZB8TDZzY7v3n8nAO}, 11968: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chile sugar: Combine the sugar, chile powder and paprika in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on low speed until well combined, 1 to 2 minutes. Store in an airtight container.nFor the doughnuts: In a saucepan, heat the milk until about body temperature. Add the yeast and stir until dissolved.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, combine the flour, sugar, salt and lemon zest. Add the butter to the flour mixture along with the egg yolks and milkyeast mixture. Use the hook attachment to mix the dough together. Start on low speed for 3 to 4 minutes, then on medium speed for 10 to 15 minutes. Add up to 2 extra tablespoons milk if the dough does not come together.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper and spray the paper lightly with nonstick cooking spray. Scale the dough into about thirty 1 12ounce pieces. Roll the dough pieces into small balls and set them on the prepared baking sheet. Make sure there is enough space between the dough balls, as they will double in size when proofing. Cover with plastic wrap. The dough can be proofed and finished at this point, or frozen for later processing.nIf proofing right away, let the dough balls sit in a warm area such as on top of the oven or close to it, covered with the plastic wrap so they dont dry out, until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nHeat 3 to 4 inches of vegetable oil in a heavybottomed pot until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 350 degrees F. Set a wire rack over a baking sheet.nIn batches and using a bench scraper or flat spatula, carefully lift the doughnuts off the parchment and drop them into the oil top first. After about 2 minutes, use a rubber spatula or wooden spoon to flip the doughnuts, then cook for another 2 minutes on the bottom side. Flip them again and cook until golden brown all over, about 1 more minute. Use a spider or slotted spoon to pull the doughnuts out of the oil and set onto the prepared wire rack to drain.nRoll in the chile sugar and serve., ingredients: [2 cups granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon chile powder, 1 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, 12 cup milk, plus 2 extra tablespoons in case the dough does not come together, 1 ounce fresh yeast, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, Pinch salt, 1 lemon, zested, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into sugar cubesize cubes, at room temperature, 4 egg yolks, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the parchment paper, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying], title: Doughnuts with Chile Sugar, picturelink: MNOBWoRknnych.A6JNjIszDligOG5SO}, 11969: {instructions: In a large deep saucepan bring neck, giblets, broth, water, celery, carrot, and onion to a boil, skimming froth. Add remaining ingredients and cook, uncovered, at a bare simmer 2 hours, or until liquid is reduced to about 6 cups. Strain stock through a fine sieve into a bowl. Stock may be made 2 days ahead. Cool stock completely, uncovered, and keep chilled or frozen in an airtight container., ingredients: [Neck and giblets excluding liver from a 12 to 14pound turkey, 5 cups chicken broth, 6 cups water, 1 celery rib, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 onion, quartered, 1 bay leaf, 2 fresh flatleafed parsley sprigs, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns], title: Turkey Giblet Stock, picturelink: null}, 11970: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine the heavy cream, milk, sugar, and vanilla bean. Bring to a boil. Turn off heat and whisk in ricotta. Strain into a bowl over ice.nDrain the gelatin and slowly whisk into the cooling mixture. Allow to cool to room temperature. Slowly fold in the whipped cream. Lastly, fold in the minced Sweet Preserved Lemons.nArrange 14 cup of mixed berries in the bottom of a chilled martini glass. Repeat the process to 7 more glasses. Divide the cream evenly among the 8 glasses. Smooth the top and allow to chill at least 1 hour.nPour about 2 ounces of the Fresh Raspberry Puree or enough to cover the surface of the panna cotta. Chill at least 1 hour to allow to set completely. Serve chilled.nIn a pot, whisk together all above ingredients. Over medium heat, slowly bring the mixture to a boil. Once the mixture comes to a boil, turn off heat, stir once and allow to set for 2 minutes.nLine a colander with a double thickness of cheesecloth. Slowly pour the mixture into it and let it drain for about 15 minutes, or until the cheese is thick. Transfer fresh ricotta into a nonreactive container. Keep refrigerated until needed.nYield: 1 12 cupsnBring a pot of water to a boil. Blanch the cleaned lemon halves for 1 minute. Drain. Repeat the process 2 more times, making sure that you use fresh water each time. After the final blanching, drain the peels.nIn a saucepan, bring sugar and water to a boil and cook for 5 minutes. Add the blanched peels and cook for 5 minutes. Turn off heat and transfer to a covered container. Allow to cool in the refrigerator. This will keep for months in the refrigerator. Use as needed.nYield: 2 poundsnCombine all the ingredients in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, and reduce until thickened. Strain. Use as needed.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [4 ounces heavy cream, 10 ounces milk, 12 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split in half lengthwise, scrape inside, 23 cup fresh ricotta, recipe follows, 2 12 gelatin leaves or 1 14 teaspoons gelatin powder, bloomed in a bowl of tap water, 12 cup heavy cream, whipped, 2 tablespoons minced Sweet Preserved Lemons, recipe follows, 1 pound assorted fresh berries, 2 cups Fresh Raspberry Puree, recipe follows, 6 cups whole milk, 6 ounces yogurt, 6 ounces heavy cream, Pinch of salt, 10 lemons, preferably Meyers, halved crosswise, juice and pith removed, Water, for blanching, 1 pound sugar, 2 baskets raspberries, 12 cup sugar, Lemon juice, to taste], title: Panna Cotta, picturelink: null}, 11971: {instructions: In a bowl, mix the ricotta, Parmigiano cheese, flour, nutmeg, egg yolks, and salt and pepper. Knead the mixture until it becomes a doughy consistency. If the mixture appears to be too moist, add a bit more flour, as needed. Cover the dough with a cloth and let it rest for half an hour.nGrab a handful of dough at a time and roll it into 1inch thick logs. Cut each log into 1inch pieces. Roll each piece of dough against a cheese grater to create ridges. These ridges will help trap the sauce on each cooked dunderi. Dust a baking tray with flour and place the dunderi on top so they wont stick together.nIn a pot of boiling salted water, cook the dunderi for 5 minutes, or until they float to the top. Mix with your choice of sauce, and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups plus 2 tablespoons ricotta cheese, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, 1 cup flour, 2 teaspoons grated nutmeg, 2 egg yolks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Dunderi, picturelink: null}, 11972: {instructions: PIE: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, blend the cream, sugar, spices and gin, then fold in the pumpkin puree. Line a 9inch pie plate with the pastry and fill it with the pumpkin mixture. Bake in a 425 degrees F oven for about 15 minutes, then lower the heat to 350 degrees F and bake about 40 minutes more, until firm and golden brown.nSAUCE: While the pie is baking, beat the cream until stiff, and then add the grated ginger and gin and carefully stir through.nTo plate: Once the pie has cooled, dust with confectioners sugar and serve with Gin and Ginger Cream sauce., ingredients: [1 15 oz. can pumpkin puree or equal amount pureed cooked pumpkin or butternut squash, 2 eggs, beaten, 114 cup whipping cream, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 tsp. cinnamon, 12 tsp. freshly grated nutmeg, 2 Tbs. gin, 114 cup whipping cream, 1 tsp. grated ginger, 1 Tbs. gin], title: Ye Olde Plymouth Pumpkin and Gin Pie, picturelink: null}, 11973: {instructions: Warm the heavy cream in a saucepan over mediumlow heat. Stir in the sugar and agave and simmer until the sugar is dissolved. Whisk in the cocoa powder, chocolate, and chili powder and stir until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth. Remove the chocolate sauce from the heat and stir in the salt. Pour into a serving bowl or storage container. Serve warm drizzled over cake, ice cream or donuts., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups sugar, 12 cup agave, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, Pinch chili powder, 12 teaspoon fleur de sel or other flaky sea salt], title: Now You Sea Salt, Now You Dont Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 11974: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Salt the water and add the pasta. Cook to al dente and drain.nHeat the extravirgin olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in the anchovy paste and let it melt into the oil. Add the onions and bay leaf and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook the onions until very soft and light caramel in color, about 20 minutes. Stir in the cream, and cook until heated through. Remove the bay leaf, then add the pasta and cheese and toss to coat. Transfer to a serving bowl, sprinkle with parsley and serve., ingredients: [12 pound wholewheat penne pasta, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste or 4 flat fillets, 2 large onions, thinly sliced, 1 bay leaf, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup cream, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, a couple of handfuls, 14 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Caramelized Onion Penne, picturelink: null}, 11975: {instructions: Saute chopped fresh herbs in butter add 1 jar pasta sauce, 2 cups water, 12 cup heavy cream and a pinch of nutmeg simmer for 5 minutes., ingredients: [], title: Cream of Tomato Soup, picturelink: tz3KuV4zkAjPrlsSHs7AQx1joYVqMS}, 11976: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nDefrost spinach 10 minutes on defrost setting in microwave then drain well by wringing out in dish towel. Defrost artichokes as well, 6 minutes on defrost in microwave then wring out and finely chop.nHeat a sauce pot with butter over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add garlic to melted butter and stir 1 to 2 minutes, then sprinkle in flour and combine 1 minute more. Whisk in stock and milk and season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Thicken 2 minutes then remove from heat and melt in Gorgonzola. Stir in spinach and artichokes and half the shredded cheese then transfer to a small casserole and top with remaining cheese. Brown and bubble in the oven for 10 to 12 minutes. Serve with bread sticks, celery hearts and pita crisps for dipping., ingredients: [2 10ounce boxes chopped frozen spinach, 1 box frozen artichoke hearts, 3 tablespoons butter, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch ground nutmeg, or to taste, 1 cup Gorgonzola crumbles, 1 12 cups shredded a little larger than grated, available in tubs Asiago or ParmigianoReggiano, Thick sesame bread sticks, for dipping, Celery hearts, trimmed for dipping, Pita crisps with Parmesan and herbs recommended: Stacys], title: Gorgonzola Spinach Artichoke Dip, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 11977: {instructions: Pick through the rice to remove any stones or foreign matter, but do not wash the rice before cooking.nUsing a large skillet with a heavy bottom, heat the olive oil over low heat and saute or sweat the onions until translucent, being careful not to allow them to color or brown at all. Add the arborio rice, stir to coat with the olive oil, and saute with the onions to toast each grain of rice, about 7 minutes. This toasting process adds the chewy, al dente quality that attracts so many people to risotto.nOnce the rice is lightly toasted, add the white wine slowly, stirring with a wooden spoon. A wooden spoon is always preferable when making risotto, as a metal spoon tends to cut or injure the grains of rice. Constant stirring should be avoided for the same reason.nPreheat the chicken stock just to the boiling point, then have it ready at stoveside. After the rice has absorbed the white wine and the skillet is nearly dry, add one cup of chicken stock, stirringnoccasionally, and cook over very low heat until the stock is absorbed by the rice. Continue adding the stock, a cupful at a time, until all the stock has been absorbed. Adding the liquid in stages, instead of all at once, allows the grains of rice to expand more fully, adding to the risottos creamy texture. Once the rice has been added to the pan, the entire cooking process will take about 17 to 20 minutes.nAfter all of the liquid has been added, and the rice is chewy yet fully cooked, with a creamy texture add the butter, Parmesan cheese, and the heavy cream. Stir to combine all the ingredients and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup arborio rice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, peeled and finelydiced, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 12 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons heavy cream], title: Basic Risotto, picturelink: null}, 11978: {instructions: Add coals to one half of covered grill. Allow coals to burn and whiten, producing an even heat with no flame.nPlace all rub ingredients in bowl and mix. With slightly moistened boar shoulder in pan, pat rub with dry hands on nonfatty side of boar shoulder. Be sure to coat all surfaces liberally, even fat and folds. Boar is lean and dries easily in heat. Rub will act as a seal, locking in moisture. Turn shoulder fat side down and lay bacon strips lengthwise across nonfatty side, pinning them to the shoulder with toothpicks at center and ends, ensuring even coverage of the meat surface. Any remaining bacon can be added to the ends. Place shoulder on empty side of grill, bacon side up, and close cover. Cook until internal temperature of pork reaches at least 160 degrees F, roughly 10 hours, depending on size of shoulder. A slowcooked, wellsealed shoulder should pull apart with tongs., ingredients: [4 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 to 4 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons sea salt, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 1 to 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 12 to 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 boar shoulder or loin, size varies, 1 pound boar bacon, Toothpicks], title: Hellraisin Wild BoarWrapped Wild Boar, picturelink: CgBl0QKK83NN83NByMIrXGbt6WJlX9G}, 11979: {instructions: Make the dressing: Puree the vinegar, mustard, garlic, anchovies and 2 tablespoons water in a blender until smooth. With the machine running, gradually add the olive oil and puree until smooth. Season the steak with salt and pepper and coat with u00bc cup of the dressing. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour or up to 8 hours. Refrigerate the remaining dressing until ready to serve.nMeanwhile, put the potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover with water by 1 inch season with salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until just slightly tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and transfer to a medium bowl.nPreheat a grill to medium high. Drizzle the potatoes with olive oil and season with salt and pepper toss. Put the shrimp in a separate bowl drizzle with olive oil, season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Grill the steak until well marked, 5 to 7 minutes per side for medium rare transfer to a cutting board. Meanwhile, grill the potatoes until well marked, about 3 minutes per side transfer to a plate. Grill the shrimp until well marked and just cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side remove to the plate.nCombine the spinach, watercress, frisee and chives on a platter. Drizzle with some of the remaining dressing, season with salt and pepper and toss. Thinly slice the steak. Arrange the shrimp, potatoes and steak in rows over the greens. Drizzle with the remaining dressing., ingredients: [14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 anchovy fillets, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 flank steak about 1 pound, halved lengthwise, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound fingerling potatoes, 1 12 pounds shellon jumbo shrimp, deveined, 4 cups baby spinach about 3 ounces, 1 bunch watercress, trimmed and roughly chopped, 2 heads frisu00e9e, torn into large pieces, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh chives], title: Grilled Surf And Turf Salad, picturelink: Ono.goGUBnrzglNGMHuVzda37Lwk.4W}, 11980: {instructions: Toss the endive, shallots, and radishes in a large bowl. Toss with half of the dressing and season with salt and pepper. Divide the mixture among 4 plates and arrange the beets around the plate. Tear the trout fillets into bitesized pieces and place on each salad. Top each with 1 tablespoon of the trout roe and serve.nWhisk together lemon juice, vinegar, mayonnaise, mustards and salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified and stir in the tarragon.nCombine water, salt, and sugar in a large container and mix until the salt is completely dissolved. Add the fish, cover, and refrigerate for 1 hour.nSoak wood chips in water for at least 1 hour. Remove trout, rinse and dry thoroughly.nUse a covered grill charcoal, gas or electric and preheat to about 200 degrees F. Covernheated coals with 13 of the hickory chips. Place fish, skin side down, on wellgreased grill, about 4 inches from coals. Close grill hood and open vent to circulate smoke. Add additional hickory chips, as necessary. Smoke trout for approximately 20 minutes. Trout is done when the cut surface is golden brown and flakes easily with a fork., ingredients: [2 heads endive, thinly sliced, 3 shallots, thinly sliced, 4 radishes, thinly sliced, Meyer Lemon Dressing, recipe follows, Salt and pepper, 1 large or several small red beets, roasted and thinly sliced, 1 large or several small yellow beets, roasted and thinly sliced, 4 smoked trout fillets, store bought or recipe follows, 4 tablespoons trout roe, 3 Meyer lemons, juiced, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon prepared mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon wholegrain mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 8 cups cold water, 1 cup kosher salt, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 1pound rainbow trout, scaled, bones removed, Hickory chips], title: Smoked Trout Salad with Meyer Lemon Dressing, picturelink: U9vH127h5gorWY1PyPuLsK3wp94RIm}, 11981: {instructions: In a nonreactive saucepan, combine vinegars and simmer. Reduce by 60 to 70 percent until a syrupy consistency is achieved. Keep in mind that the syrup will thicken as it cools. In a bowl, mix julienned pears with lime juice and season with pepper. Using a sushi mat lay out one or two slices of prosciutto. Lay the pear pieces across the bottom of the prosciutto. Roll very tightly.nPLATINGnDrizzle some vinegar syrup on a plate in a zigzag pattern. Slice rolls like sushi and garnish with chives and cracked peppercorns., ingredients: [12 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup Chinese vinegar, 2 Asian pears, peeled and julienned, 1 lime, juiced, Fresh cracked black pepper, 8 thin slices of Prosciutto di Parma, 14 cup chive batons for garnish], title: Prosciutto and Asian Pear Sushi, picturelink: null}, 11982: {instructions: Divide the pitas in half so you have 24 halfmoon pockets.nStuff each pocket with 3 to 4 pieces of mozzarella and set aside.nPlace the tomatoes in a small bowl and drizzle with the olive oil. Add the salt and toss to combine.nAdd some tomatoes to each pita pocket, and finish with a little basil and ground pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Twelve 2 to 3inch mini pitas, 2 ounces fresh salted mozzarella, cut into 14inch cubes, 12 pint grape tomatoes or baby heirloom tomatoes, halved about 1 cup, 34 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon flaky sea salt, such as Maldon, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, stacked, rolled and thinly sliced crosswise into ribbons or 12 cup small fresh basil leaves, Freshly ground pepper], title: Peters Caprese Tea Sandwiches, picturelink: rvQ2rLjkrmEgtl5vocqMbzz1UNwzCPO}, 11983: {instructions: In a large bowl proof the yeast with the sugar in 13 cup lukewarm water for 10 minutes or until it is foamy. Stir in an additional 13 cup lukewarm water, the oil, 2 cups of the flour, and the salt and blend the mixture until it forms a dough. Knead the dough on a floured surface, incorporating as much of the remaining 14 cup flour as necessary to prevent the dough from sticking, for 5 to 10 minutes, or until it is smooth and elastic.nAlternatively, the dough may be made in a food processor. Proof the yeast as described above and in a food processor combine it with the remaining ingredients. Process the mixture until it forms a ball, adding more water, 1 teaspoon at a time, if it is too dry, or more flour, 1 tablespoon at a time, if it is too wet, and knead the dough by processing it for 15 seconds.nPut the dough, prepared by either method, in an oiled bowl and turn it to coat it with the oil. Let the dough rise, covered with plastic wrap, in a warm place for 1 hour, or until it is double in bulk, and punch it down.nSprinkle an oiled 14inch black steel pizza pan or black steel baking sheet with the cornmeal. roll out the dough on a lightly floured surface into a 14inch round and fit it into the pan. Sprinkle with chocolate chips.nBake the pizza on the bottom shelf of a preheated 500 degree electric oven or on the floor of a preheated 500 degree gas oven for 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [A 14ounce package 2 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 to 2 14 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 package chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Chip Pizza, picturelink: null}, 11984: {instructions: Using a medium skillet coated with pan spray, brown the sweet apple chicken sausages over medium high heat.nMeanwhile, bring the water to a boil in a medium sauce pan, add the Inca Red Quinoa and cook slightly according to package instructions. Strain and chill with cold water, drain well. Transfer to a mixing bowl, and toss in the beets, orange peel, red onion, red pepper and fresh mint.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the balsamic vinegar, pomegranate juice, olive oil, honey, Dijon mustard, salt and pepper. Pour over the salad mixture and mix well.nSlice the browned sweet apple chicken sausage 14 on the diagonal, and toss with the quinoa salad. Chill or serve immediatelynArrange with the orange slices and garnish with fresh mint., ingredients: [12 cup red onion, finely chopped, 12 cup red pepper, diced 14, 1 tbsp fresh mint, chopped reserve leaves for garnish, 2 tbsp balsamic vinegar, 12 cup pomegranate juice, 3 tbsp extra virgin olive oil, 2 tbsp honey, 4 tsp Dijon mustard, 1 tsp orange peel, freshly grated, 14 tsp salt, 14 tsp black pepper, ground, 2 navel oranges, trim peel and membrane and cut into round slices, Cooking spray, extra virgin olive oil, 12 oz, em, al fresco, em, Sweet Apple Chicken Sausage, fully cooked, 2 cups water, 1 cup Inca Red Quinoa, dry, 1 cup baby beets, cooked  quartered], title: Inca Red Quinoa Salad with Sweet Apple Chicken Sausage, picturelink: null}, 11985: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the chili powder, cumin, oregano, pumpkin pie spice, 2 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of black pepper.nIn a large pot over medium heat, add the olive oil, beef cubes and half of the seasoning. Cook until the beef is browned on all sides but not cooked through, about 7 minutes remove with a slotted spoon to a plate. Add the onions, bell peppers, tomato paste, hot sauce and garlic. Stir and cook until everything turns a dark reddish brown, about 10 minutes. Add the ground chuck and sprinkle over the remaining seasoning. Stir and cook until the beef is browned, and then add the reserved beef chunks back to the pot along with the stock, wine, cornmeal and squash. Raise the heat until it comes to a boil, and then lower to a simmer. Cover and cook until the beef is tender, 40 to 45 minutes. Uncover and let the chili cook until it is thick and the liquid is reduced, another 15 minutes.nFrom Food Network Kitchens after further testing and to ensure the best results this recipe has been altered from what was in the actual episode., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon cumin, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound beef chuck or stewing meat, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 cup finely chopped white onion, 1 cup seeded and chopped red bell pepper, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot Sauce, 3 cloves garlic, grated on rasp or finely minced, 1 pound ground chuck 80percent lean, 1 12 cups beef stock, 1 12 cups red wine recommended: any inexpensive Chianti, 2 tablespoons fine cornmeal, 1 1 12 pound butternut squash, peeled, seeded and cut into 12inch cubes], title: Beefy Butternut Squash Chili, picturelink: v8MUVlLdDCAdbulb2E6RgcExzF1ejW}, 11986: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMarinate the meat sprinkled with salt, pepper and paprika in the lime juice for 1 hour.nHeat the oil in a Dutch oven, then add the coriander, cumin, turmeric and cardamom and stir until very fragrant, 1 minute. Next add the garlic, sweet and hot peppers, ginger, onions and some salt and pepper. Soften for 5 minutes partially covered, and then add the passata, stock, chutney, bay leaf, cinnamon stick and diced tomatoes. Simmer over low heat, about 1 hour. Remove the bay and cinnamon.nAdd the marinated meat to the sauce and simmer to tender. Wilt the spinach into the sauce. Serve, or cool and store in the refrigerator or freezer for a makeahead meal.nServe the curry with naan bread andor over rice with a dollop of yogurt for mixing in. Garnish with cilantro and scallion slices., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable, grapeseed or peanut oil, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, a palmful, 1 tablespoon ground cumin or cumin seed, a palmful, 2 teaspoons turmeric, 23 palmful, 2 cardamom pods, split, or 18 teaspoon ground cardamom, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced or chopped, 2 sweet red bell peppers, seeded and chopped, 2 hot chile peppers, such as Fresno chiles, sliced, One 1inch piece ginger root, grated, 1 onion, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups passata or tomato sauce, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup mango chutney, such as Patak brand Major Greys, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 1 small cinnamon stick, One 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken, boneless leg of lamb or beef sirloin, cubed into bitesize pieces, 2 limes, juiced, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 12 ounces farm spinach bundles, stemmed and cleaned, coarsely chopped, Grilled naan bread andor basmati rice, Plain Greekstyle yogurt, Cilantro leaves, Thinly sliced scallions], title: Hot and Sweet Pepper Curry Sauce with Chicken, Lamb or Beef, picturelink: jqEmHCyMKnW.Mm3kxNHCEaY66xjTe}, 11987: {instructions: In a small dry skillet over medium heat toast the coriander, mustard seeds, juniper berries, and peppercorns until fragrant, about 1 minute. Put them on a plate to cool. In a bowl mix the sugar and salt with 2 cups of water until dissolved. Put the pork roast into a deep bowl or a large plastic bag. Pour in the sugar and salt water. Add the toasted spices, thyme, and bay leaves. Add more water until the meat is covered. Let it sit in the brine in the refrigerator for 2 to 6 hours.nRemove the pork roast from the brine about 12 hour before you will be ready to cook it to allow it to come up to room temperature. When ready to cook, heat a grill to high heat. Dry the pork, rub it with olive oil, and season it with pepper. Sear the pork on all sides to get grill marks. Move the roast to an upper rack or over indirect heat and put a drip pan underneath it. Cook the pork until the internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F, about 30 to 45 minutes. Remove to a platter, cover loosely with foil, and allow it to rest for 10 minutes.nBefore carving, add any accumulated juices to the drippings in the pan. Spoon these over the sliced pork., ingredients: [2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon juniper berries, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup kosher salt, 2 cups water, 1 bunch fresh thyme leaves, 2 bay leaves, 1 4 to 5 pound bone in pork loin roast, Extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Brined GrillRoasted Pork Loin, picturelink: null}, 11988: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, cornmeal, salt, baking powder, and baking soda. Add the butter. Using fingertips or a pastry blender, work the butter into the flour until the mixture resembles a coarse meal. Stir in the Parmesan and green onions. Add the buttermilk and olive oil. Stir until the mixture forms a dough. Drop the dough onto the prepared baking sheet in 12 equalsized pieces. Bake for 18 to 20 minutes until golden. Cool the biscuits for 10 minutes then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nSlice each biscuit in half and spread the bottom half with 1 teaspoon of lemon butter. Add some arugula leaves and place a small slice of smoked salmon on top. Add the top half of the biscuit and serve.nLemon ButternIn a small bowl, mash the butter and lemon zest together using a fork. Refrigerate until ready to use.nYield: 12 cupnPrep Time: 1 minute, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup stoneground cornmeal, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 ounces 12 stick unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 cups 5 12 ounces grated Parmesan, 12 cup finely chopped green onions, 34 cup buttermilk, 13 cup olive oil, 12 cup Lemon Butter, at room temperature, recipe follows, 3 cups baby arugula, 10 ounces smoked salmon or prosciutto, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 lemon, zested], title: Crispy Parmesan Biscuits, picturelink: b8GDEmoS7K1UGxev1IRfYnDQK3xOhi}, 11989: {instructions: Special equipment: a 24cup minimuffin tinnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 24cup minimuffin tin with cooking spray.nWhisk together the flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.nWhisk together the coconut oil and granulated sugar in a large bowl until well combined. Add the egg and vanilla extract and whisk until well mixed. Whisk in the milk, then add the flour mixture and whisk until just incorporated. Stir in the chocolate chips and walnuts.nDivide the batter evenly among the muffin cups. Bake until a wooden toothpick inserted into the center of the scuffins comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Cool in the tin on a cooling rack for 5 minutes and then remove from the tin and let cool completely. Dust with confectioners sugar before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup coconut oil, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup whole milk, 13 cup milk chocolate chips, 34 cup walnuts, chopped, Confectioners sugar for dusting], title: Chocolate Scuffins, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 11990: {instructions: In a large stock pot, heat the dende oil over medium low heat. Add the onion, garlic, ginger, and chiles. Cook for about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are well softened. Add the tomatoes, lime juice, ground shrimp, and cashew butter and stir together for 1 minute more. Begin adding the chicken stock, 12 cup at a time, stirring all the time to keep the mixture smooth. Add the coconut milk, cilantro, salt, and Tabasco.nWhen ready to serve, brush a very large, deep skillet or saucepan with a little oil and place in the fish in a single layer. Place the pan over medium low heat and, when it just begins to sizzle, pour in the broth mixture and slowly bring up to a simmer. Cook for about 8 minutes, or until the fish is opaque, adding the shrimp for the last 2 minutes of simmering time. Distribute the fish evenly among 6 or 8 bowls. Taste the broth for seasoning and pour over the fish. Squeeze a wedge of lime over each bowl and drop it in. Garnish with cilantro sprigs, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons dende oil see Note 1, or safflower oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 4 small jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded, and finely chopped, 6 plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped, Juice of 2 limes, 13 cup dried shrimp see Note 2, ground to a powder, 13 cup cashew or peanut butter, 2 cups chicken stock, homemade or bestquality canned, 2 cups coconut milk, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves only, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, Dash Tabasco, or to taste, 2 pounds fish fillets, bones and skin removed, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 pound large cooked shrimp, cut into 12 inch chunks, 6 to 8 sprigs cilantro, for garnish optional, 2 limes, cut into wedges], title: Vatapa Fish Soup with Coconut Milk, picturelink: null}, 11991: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a 18 by 13inch rimmed baking sheet.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt. In a separate mixing bowl, beat the eggs and mix in the sour cream, and vanilla. Add the egg mixture to the flour mixture, mixing until just combined.nIn a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter and stir in the cocoa powder, and hot water. Bring the mixture to a boil and then remove from the heat. Cool slightly, and incorporate the cocoa mixture with the dry ingredients, mixing just until blended.nPour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake for 25 minutes, or until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean. Cool completely.nFor the frosting:nIn a large heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the peanut butter and mix until smooth. Remove from the heat. In a separate large bowl, whisk together the milk, and powdered sugar until fully incorporated. Stir in the vanilla, and slowly incorporate the peanut butter mixture, blending well after each addition.nFrost the cake while both the frosting and cake are still warm. Top with nuts, if desired.nCooks Note: Making a sheet cake is the best bang for your buck when it comes to dessert for a group. To vamp it up, take small biscuit cutters and create tiered cakes that can be dusted with powdered sugar. Cake scraps can be saved for a delicious trifle the next day.nSheet Cake Variations:nChocolate Fudge Frosting: instead of peanut butter frosting, replace peanut butter in frosting recipe with 13 cocoa powder. Prepare the frosting the same way.nToasted Coconut: In addition to topping with nuts, top cake with toasted coconut.nCaramelFudge Cake: Drizzle warm caramel sauce andor fudge sauce over frosting just before serving.nSheet Cake Variations, follows., ingredients: [3 cups flour, 3 cups sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs, 34 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups 3 sticks butter, 34 cup cocoa powder, 1 12 cups hot water, 12 cup 1 stick butter, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 4 cups powdered sugar confectioners sugar, 13 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup chopped walnuts, optional], title: Chocolate Sheet Cake with Peanut Butter Frosting, picturelink: 0i2R4bxhsAq.MyCVhK2UemyM88Rn5Hi}, 11992: {instructions: Brush a 9by13inch rimmed baking sheet with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. On a lightly floured work surface, roll the dough into an 8by12inch rectangle. Transfer the rolled dough to the prepared pan and brush the top with the remaining tablespoon olive oil. Cover with a piece of plastic wrap and set aside in a warm, draftfree place until puffed and doubled in size, 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the sugar and cinnamon. Sprinkle half of the cinnamon sugar over the risen dough. Place the blueberries on top and press gently into the dough. Sprinkle the berries with the remaining cinnamon sugar and the salt.nBake for 20 to 25 minutes, until golden brown around the edges and cooked through. Remove the focaccia from the pan to a wire rack to cool.nCut into squares and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, One 1pound loaf frozen bread dough, such as Bridgford, thawed, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 cup blueberries, Pinch of kosher salt], title: Blueberry Focaccia, picturelink: bCpgwqva.3350EorpAw3DadgJZCTHdS}, 11993: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nPeel the celery root and potato, and then shred on the large holes of a box grater, trying to make as long a shred as possible. Alternatively, you can use the shredder attachment for a food processor if you have one. Add the shredded vegetables to a large bowl and use the smaller holes of the grater or a fine zester to grate in the shallot. Season with 2 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper. Add the flour and toss until well mixed. Let sit for 15 minutes.nLay out a piece of wax paper or parchment for the assembled patties. Taking 14 cup of the mix at a time, form into ball shapes, squeezing out excess liquid. Then press into very thin patties, roughly 3 inches wide and 14inch thick, and put on the wax paper.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium to mediumhigh. Test the oil with a long strand of potato if small bubbles form immediately around the potato, then the oil is ready.nWhen the oil is hot, add 4 latkes at a time. Cook until golden brown on the bottom, 3 to 4 minutes. Then carefully flip over with a slotted spatula and cook until the other side is brown and crispy, about 2 more minutes. Remove from the skillet and allow to drain on paper towels or a rack. Season with salt as you remove them from the oil. As you cook more latkes, keep the finished ones warm on a rack over a baking sheet in the oven. Serve with applesauce or sour cream., ingredients: [], title: Celery Root Latkes, picturelink: null}, 11994: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the garlic and tahini. Mix in the yogurt, lemon juice and paprika. Add salt to taste.nServe in a Middle Eastern vegetable sandwich in pita bread, ingredients: [1 large garlic clove, minced, 3 tablespoons tahini, 1 cup yogurt, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon paprika, Salt to taste], title: Tahini and Yogurt Spread, picturelink: null}, 11995: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Whip the egg yolks and 1 cup of the sugar until it reaches the ribbon stage. Add the flour and mix well. Whisk in the lemon juice, salt and milk until completely combined. In a separate bowl, whip the egg whites until soft peaks form. Add a 12 cup of the sugar and beat until stiff peaks form. Gently fold the egg whites into the lemon mixture. Pour the batter into a plastic wraplined 9 by 13inch pan and bake for 30 minutes, or until lightly browned. Remove the cake from the oven and let cool slightly, then refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nTo make the raspberry sauce: Reserve 16 raspberries for the garnish. Puree the remaining berries with the remaining 14 cup sugar for 2 minutes, or until smooth. Strain through a finemesh sieve.nPlace a piece of plastic wrap over the pudding cake and flip it onto a flat surface. Cut eight 3inch circles with a ring cutter. Serve with sauce and garnish with raspberries., ingredients: [4 eggs, separated, 1 34 cups sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups milk, 4 cups raspberries, 8 sprigs mint], title: Lemon Pudding Cake with Raspberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 11996: {instructions: In a small measuring cup, mix the lemon juice with the sugar and 14 cup water until the sugar is dissolved. Set aside.nPlace the cream cheese, lemon curd and heavy cream in a food processor and process until smooth and a bit fluffy.nTo assemble the tiramisu, place half the ladyfingers in the bottom of an 8inch square baking dish, breaking a few to fit, and drizzle with half of the lemon syrup. Top with half the lemon cream and 1 cup mixed berries. Repeat the layers, using the remaining ladyfingers, syrup and lemon cream.nCover with plastic wrap and chill at least 8 hours or overnight. Before serving, top with the remaining 2 cups of berries and dust with powdered sugar. Serve with whipped cream on the side., ingredients: [14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12ounces cream cheese, softened, One 8ounce jar prepared lemon curd, 2 cups heavy cream, 22 hard ladyfinger cookies, 3 cups mixed raspberries and sliced strawberries, Powdered sugar, for garnish, Whipped cream, for serving], title: Lemon Tiramisu Trifle, picturelink: GfCwhBs7jK8NJ3kImSFYrfKCAn7L4a}, 11997: {instructions: Shuck the beans and discard any that are soft or blemished. You should have about 3 cups.nHeat a 3 to 4quart heavy pot over low heat and add the diced bacon. Once it has rendered a few tablespoons of fat, increase the heat to medium and cook until the bacon is crisp and golden brown.nAdd the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the onion, thyme, and bay leaf and saute, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon, for about 8 minutes, until the onion is tender but not browned.nAdd the beans and stock. Partially cover the pot and bring to a simmer. Cook the beans at a steady simmer over medium heat for 20 to 25 minutes, until they are tender. Reduce the heat to low.nRemove 2 cups of the chowder from the pot and puree in a food mill held over the pot so it falls directly back into the chowder, or puree in a food processor and return to the chowder. Add the tomatoes and their juices, along with the molasses, and let the chowder simmer slowly for another 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and season with salt and pepper. If you are not serving the chowder within the hour, let it cool a bit, then refrigerate cover the chowder after it has cooled completely. Otherwise, let it sit at room temperature for up to an hour, allowing the flavors to meld.nWhen ready to serve, reheat the chowder over low heat, stirring occasionally so it doesnt stick. Ladle the chowder into cups and sprinkle with the sliced scallions., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh cranberry beans shell beans in the pod, 4 ounce slab unsliced bacon, rind removed, cut into 13inch dice, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped 1 teaspoon, 1 large onion 12 ounces, cut into 12inch dice, 2 to 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed and chopped 1 teaspoon, 1 dried bay leaf, 5 cups chicken stock page 72, Chicken Broth page 74, or water, 1 pound ripe tomatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, with their juice, or 1 12 cups diced 12 inch canned tomatoes with their juice, 2 tablespoons dark molasses, Kosher or sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Shaker Fresh Cranberry Bean Chowder, picturelink: null}, 11998: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel the potatoes and cut into 12inch dice. Place in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water. Set over high heat, cover and bring to a boil. Once boiling, uncover, decrease the heat to maintain a simmer and cook until tender and easily crushed with tongs, approximately 10 to 15 minutes. Place the halfandhalf and butter into a microwavesafe container and heat in the microwave until warmed through, about 35 seconds. Drain the potatoes in a colander and then return to the saucepan. Mash the potatoes and then add the half and half, butter, salt and pepper and continue to mash until smooth. Stir in the yolk until well combined.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, prepare the filling. Place the canola oil into a 12inch saute pan and set over medium high heat. Once the oil shimmers, add the onion and carrots and saute just until they begin to take on color, approximately 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and stir to combine. Add the lamb, salt and pepper and cook until browned and cooked through, approximately 3 minutes. Sprinkle the meat with the flour and toss to coat, continuing to cook for another minute. Add the tomato paste, chicken broth, Worcestershire, rosemary, thyme, and stir to combine. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer slowly 10 to 12 minutes or until the sauce is thickened slightly.nAdd the corn and peas to the lamb mixture and spread evenly into an 11 by 7inch glass baking dish. Top with the mashed potatoes, starting around the edges to create a seal to prevent the mixture from bubbling up and smooth with a rubber spatula. Place on a parchment lined half sheet pan on the middle rack of the oven and bake for 25 minutes or just until the potatoes begin to brown. Remove to a cooling rack for at least 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 12 pounds russet potatoes, 14 cup halfandhalf, 2 ounces unsalted butter, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 cup chopped onion, 2 carrots, peeled and diced small, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 pounds ground lamb, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped thyme leaves, 12 cup fresh or frozen corn kernels, 12 cup fresh or frozen English peas], title: Shepherds Pie, picturelink: RQvTnlKqUxXHsuMgZucQoEModzqBuDa}, 11999: {instructions: Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil.nHeat the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the onion and saute, stirring occasionally, until soft and starting to caramelize, about 20 minutes. Add the garlic and continue to cook until softened, 3 to 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, put the spaghetti in the boiling water and cook according to the package instructions, about 8 minutes.nAdd the ham to the pan with the onions and garlic and cook until just warmed through, about 2 minutes. Whisk together the Parmesan, cream, eggs, 1 12 teaspoons salt and some pepper in a bowl.nDrain the pasta and transfer to the saucepan with the onion mixture and toss well. Immediately stir in the egg and cheese mixture until well combined. Serve immediately.nAdjust the oven racks to accommodate a large covered roasting pan. Fit the pan with a shallow rack. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUnwrap the ham and rinse it in cold water. Place it on the rack in the roasting pan. Cover the pan with the lid and bake for half the estimated cooking time total cooking time is about 20 minutes per pound, so 6 hours to 6 hours 40 minutes total.nHalfway through the estimated cooking time, add the sugar and honey to a saucepan, cooking over medium heat until smooth and the sugar is dissolved. Pour the mixture over the ham and continue baking the ham, basting occasionally with the drippings in the roaster. Check for doneness at the end of the estimated cooking time by inserting a meat thermometer at a meaty point not into fat or touching the bone. It should register 160 degrees F., ingredients: [Salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small sweet onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 1 pound spaghetti, 8 to 10 ounces country ham, cut into small dice, recipe follows see Cooks Note, 2 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 large eggs, Freshly ground black pepper, One 18 to 20pound smoked ham, water added, ham hock removed, One 16ounce box light brown sugar, 1 cup one 8ounce jar clover honey], title: Country Ham Carbonara, picturelink: QdV.TvN5T4404t5XawY1js3QD6MLGq}}