{12300: {instructions: Rinse the rice under running water until the water runs clear. Then put it in a small pot with one cup of water and let it soak for thirty minutes. Stir the rice well and turn on the flame to high. let the rice come to a boil and then stir well again turn flame down to the lowest flame possible cover the pot with a tight fitting lid and let cook for 11 minutes. Then move the rice off the heat and let sit, still covered, for five more minutes. Let the rice cool for 10 minutes then stir in the Earl Grey tea, and the salt and pepper. Taste and adjust the seasoning., ingredients: [1 cup Japanese rice, 3 teaspoons Earl Grey tea, ground in a blender or spice grinder until it is a powder, 1 teaspoon salt, Fresh ground pepper], title: Earl Grey Tea Rice, picturelink: null}, 12301: {instructions: Scrub the potatoes and cook, unpeeled, in boiling salted water until tender. Drain. When cool enough to touch, squish them flat using a coffee cup or ramekin. Dont let them explode, just flatten until the edges break a bit, but they are still in one piece. Toss in olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nHeat the oven to 400 degrees F200 degrees C. Spread the potatoes on a baking sheet and bake until crisp outside and soft inside, about 40 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds1 kg new potatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil], title: Squished Baby Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 12302: {instructions: Bring the sugars, syrup, water, cinnamon, and nutmeg to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook gently 5 minutes. Add the cranberries and continue to simmer, uncovered, until half the berries pop. Remove from the heat and stir in the orange segments. Cool, stir in the walnut pieces, and serve., ingredients: [12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup loosely packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup maple syrup, 34 cup water, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 pound fresh or frozen cranberries, 4 naval oranges, peeled and divided into segments, 12 cup coarsely chopped walnut pieces], title: Cranberry  Walnut Relish, picturelink: null}, 12303: {instructions: Heat canola oil to 360 degrees F in a pot.nSlice the squid against the grain into strips. Mix the flour with some sea salt and black pepper and pour out onto a plate. Dredge the squid first in the flour, then in the eggs, and then in the breadcrumbs. Fry until golden and crispy, 20 seconds. Drain on a wire rack.nPlace the calamari fries in a glass and garnish with lemon wedges. Serve with the Homemade Cocktail Sauce and Ponzu Mayo in shot glasses.nMix the ketchup, horseradish, paprika, cayenne, lemon zest, Worcestershire and lemon juice in a bowl, and season with black pepper.nMix together the mayonnaise, chili sauce, ponzu and garlic in a bowl., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 1 pound fresh squid, cleaned, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Sea salt, Freshly cracked pepper, 4 eggs, beaten, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, Lemon wedges, for serving, Homemade Cocktail Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, Ponzu Mayo, for serving, recipe follows, 1 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon freshly grated horseradish, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Juice of 1 lemon, Freshly cracked black pepper, 34 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons Asian chili sauce, 2 tablespoons ponzu, 1 clove garlic, minced], title: Calamari Fries with Homemade Cocktail Sauce and Ponzu Mayo, picturelink: null}, 12304: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a food processor, combine the flour, almonds, lemon zest, confectioners sugar and butter. Process until a dough forms and press into a lightly buttered 13 x 9 inch pan, forming a 12 inch rim which goes up the sides of the baking pan. Bake for 20 minutes or until partially baked. Remove from oven to cool on a rack. Combine the eggs, sugar, flour, baking powder, grated lemon zest, and juice. Pour the lemon mixture over the cooked dough and spread it evenly. Return the baking pan to the oven and bake for another 15 to 20 minutes or until the filling is set, top is barely browned around edges. Cool to room temperature. Cut into bars and set a candied violet in the middle of each bar., ingredients: [1 34 cups all purpose flour, 14 cup finely ground blanched almonds, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 sticks unsalted butter, almost melted, 4 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups granulated sugar, 14 cup flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, Candied violets for garnish, optional], title: Lemon Bars, picturelink: null}, 12305: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with paper liners set aside.nMake the cupcakes: Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Combine the granulated sugar and eggs in a large bowl beat with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until pale and thick, about 2 minutes. Beat in the melted butter and vanilla until smooth. Reduce the mixer to low speed beat in half of the flour mixture, the milk, then the remaining flour mixture until smooth.nDivide the batter among the prepared muffin cups and bake until a toothpick comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes in the pan, then remove to a rack to cool completely.nMake the frosting: Beat the butter in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until creamy, about 1 minute. Gradually beat in the confectioners sugar until smooth, then beat in the vanilla and raspberry extracts. Beat in the milk, 1 tablespoon at a time, until creamy. Transfer half of the frosting to a separate bowl and tint red with food coloring. Put the white and red frosting in separate ziptop bags snip a corner of each. Snip a corner of a larger ziptop bag put both frosting bags in the larger bag and twist so that they pipe out of the snipped corner. Pipe the frosting onto the cupcakes.nMake the candy stars: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Microwave the candy melts in a microwavesafe bowl in 45second intervals, stirring, until smooth. Transfer to a small ziptop bag and snip a small corner. Pipe twelve 2 to 3inch stars onto the parchment, piping double or triple lines for stability. Refrigerate until set, about 10 minutes. Carefully lift the stars from the parchment and insert into the frosting on each cupcake.nPhotograph by Kate Mathis, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 13 cup milk, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon raspberry extract, 2 to 3 tablespoons milk, Red gel food coloring, 12 cup blue candy melts], title: Stars and Stripes Cupcakes, picturelink: IoUCqDKKTRanSUfFWrMPcAyKgB05bbu}, 12306: {instructions: Insulin shot, optionalnHeat maple syrup, brandy, and Frangelico over a burner until warm not boiling. Pour into a mug, and top with a pat of butter. Place a triangle of waffle on the rim, and sip your way to happiness. Breakfast in a glass Good morning, sunshine., ingredients: [3 ounces brandy, 1 ounce Frangelico, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 tablespoon butter, Waffle wedge], title: Mrs. Bs Secret Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 12307: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nOn lightly floured surface, roll out Rachel McBrides Whole Wheat Dough to a 12inch circle. Ease it into 10inch deepdish pie plate, pressing evenly onto the bottom and up the sides of the pan. Prick the dough all over with a fork. Crimp the edges.nLine the pie crust with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights. Return the crust to the oven and bake just until the dough is lightly browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool the crust in the pan on a rack, 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, to make the filling, combine the evaporated milk, sweet potatoes, brown sugar, molasses, cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, eggs and egg white in a food processor and pulse until smooth its alright if some sweet potato chunks remain. Pour the filling into the crust. Bake just until the center is set, 40 to 45 minutes. Cool completely on a rack. Chill until ready to serve.nWhisk together the flours, flaxseed meal and salt. Use a fork or pastry blender to cut in 13 cup vegetable shortening to the texture of a fine meal. Cut in the remaining 13 cup shortening in larger pieces, about the size of small peas. Sprinkle 3 tablespoons ice water over the mixture and gently combine with a fork or a wooden spoon. Sprinkle another 3 to 4 tablespoons ice water and bring together gently in a ball. Wrap in wax paper and chill until use. When ready to use, roll one disk out to a 12inch thickness and place into desired pie plate., ingredients: [Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 recipe Rachel McBrides Whole Wheat Dough, recipe follows, One 12ounce can fatfree evaporated milk, 2 cups cooked sweet potatoes, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dark molasses, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 18 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 large eggs, 1 egg white, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole wheat pastry flour, 2 tablespoons flaxseed meal, 1 heaping teaspoon salt, 23 cup organic vegetable shortening, 6 to 7 tablespoons ice water], title: New School Sweet Potato Pie, picturelink: vmI5G682C6FKzEU2Kxy0wnWtOZJ0hC6}, 12308: {instructions: In a large saucepan, heat the oil and add the onion, ginger and garlic. Cook until softened. Add the curry paste and lemon grass. Pour in one cup of coconut milk, lime leaves, fish sauce and sugar. Bring the sauce to a boil and add the cauliflower. Stir well and cook for 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to a simmer and add the eggplants, long beans, chili and remaining cup of coconut milk.nThe mixture is done when the eggplant it cooked through yet retains its firmness. Season to taste and add cilantro leaves, retaining a few for garnish., ingredients: [4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup onion, minced, 1inch ginger, minced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons green curry paste, 2 stalks lemon grass, cut into 1inch sections, 2 cups coconut milk, 4 Kaffir lime leaves, finely sliced, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoons sugar, 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets, 2 Asian eggplants, cut into chunks optional, 1 pound Asian long beans, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 fresh green chili, sliced, 1 cup cilantro leaves], title: Cauliflower and Asian Long Beans in Green Curry and Kaffir Lime Leaves, picturelink: null}, 12309: {instructions: Pour nectar into blender. Add all remaining ingredients. Blend on high for 30 seconds to 1 minute or until smooth.nTo make a smoothie cocktail, add 3 ounces vanilla vodka, if desired., ingredients: [12 cup mango nectar recommended: Kerns, 1 6ounce container nonfat peach yogurt, 12 cup frozen mango chunks recommended: Dole, 12 cup frozen peaches recommended: Dole, 14 block soft silken tofu recommended: MoriNu, 1 cup ice, Vanilla vodka, optional], title: PeachMango Smoothie, picturelink: usF6mH0BDuCmLhUbJqPmQBI.yXUSfYu}, 12310: {instructions: To make the crust: In a food processor, pulse the flours, sugar, baking powder, and salt until combined. Add the butter and pulse the mixture until it resembles cornmeal mixed with peasized bits of butter, about 10 times. Add the egg white, vinegar, and water, and pulse 1 or 2 times dont let the dough form into a ball in the machine. If the dough is very dry add a couple of teaspoons of cold water. Remove the bowl from the machine, remove the blade, and bring the dough together by hand. Form the dough into a disk, wrap it in plastic wrap, and refrigerate at least 1 hour.nLightly spray a 9inch pie pan with oil. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into a thin disk, about 13 inches in diameter. Transfer the dough to the prepared pie pan and trim the edges, leaving about one inch hanging over the edge. Tuck the overhanging dough underneath itself to form an edge even with the rim. Flute the edge as desired. Freeze the crust for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line the crust with foil and fill with pie weights. Bake on the center rack until firm and just cooked, about 20 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Lift the foil to remove the beans, return to the oven, and bake until golden, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the filling. In a large bowl, whisk the pumpkin, evaporated milk, brown sugar, eggs, orange zest, and rum. In a small bowl, combine the cornstarch, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and salt. Sift the dry ingredients over the pumpkin mixture and whisk until thoroughly blended.nPour the filling into the prepared crust and bake until the filling is just set but not cracked, about 1 hour. Cool on a rack, serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cake flour, 1 12 tablespoons granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 14 cup cold unsalted butter 12 stick, diced, 1 large egg white, 14 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons ice water, plus more as needed, Vegetable cooking spray, 1 15ounce can pumpkin puree, 1 12ounce can evaporated skim milk, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 14 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon fine salt, Serving suggestion: Wedges of apples, oranges, and pears, and a few cranberries], title: Pumpkin Pie  Slimmed, picturelink: AmytEIHGKJPb4dQP1ux7giVIECbt6dm}, 12311: {instructions: To Make Dipping Sauce: Mix the sour cream, mayonnaise, onion, lemon juice, capers, lemon zest, tarragon, onion powder, sugar and pepper together using a whisk. Mix well. Refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours.nCook the asparagus in a steamer basket over boiling water until tender when pierced with a fork, 6 to 8 minutes. Mix the ice, water, and kosher salt together in a large bowl. Remove the asparagus from the steamer and refresh it by plunging it into the ice water. Let sit until cold. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to dry. Refrigerate. Serve chilled with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [34 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons chopped red onion, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon capers, drained and chopped, 2 teaspoons dried tarragon, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon pepper, 48 about 2 bunches asparagus spears, cut into 4inch lengths, 3 cups ice, 6 cups water, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt], title: Spear Ecstasy, picturelink: null}, 12312: {instructions: Wipe mushrooms clean with a damp towel. Slice the mushrooms. Heat a deep skillet with extravirgin olive oil and butter over medium heat. When butter melts into oil, add bay, garlic and mushrooms. Cook until mushrooms are dark and tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Season the mushrooms with salt and pepper and add wine. Deglaze the pan with wine, eyeball the amount. Shake the pan and add the Worcestershire and thyme. Turn off heat.nPreheat broiler and split the loaf lengthwise and across. Hollow out a bit of the soft insides. Toast the bread lightly under broiler. Fill bread with mushrooms evenly then top with cheese liberally. Melt cheese until it browns and bubbles then remove the pizzas from the oven and turn off the broiler., ingredients: [8 large portobello mushroom caps, 1 pound button mushrooms, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 1 bay leaf, 4 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt and pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, eyeball it, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 4 sprigs stripped and chopped, 1 loaf crusty French bread, 24 inches, 3 cups shredded Gruyere or Swiss cheese], title: Mushroom Lovers French Bread Pizzas, picturelink: HBkYoXOzPefh2C37Egusv6r2r3lFyza}, 12313: {instructions: Place each halfhead of lettuce on individual plates cut side down so the lettuce forms a mound on the plate. Arrange the radishes and cucumber slices around each lettuce mound. Place capers, dill, parsley, shallot, vinegar, salt and pepper in a blender. Turn blender on and stream in extravirgin olive oil. Test seasonings in the dressing. Spoon the dressing evenly over the salads, capping the lettuce., ingredients: [2 small heads bib lettuce, cores removed and halved, 4 radishes, sliced, 14 seedless cucumber, sliced, 4 tablespoons capers, drained, 2 tablespoons fresh dill or 2 teaspoons dried, 14 cup parsley leaves, a handful, 1 small shallot, chopped or 12 large shallot, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it], title: Bibb Lettuce Salads with Caper Dressing Caps, picturelink: null}, 12314: {instructions: Fill glass with ice. Add Smirnoff Raspberry Flavored Vodka, soda, and lime juice. Stir well. Garnish with lime slice., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Smirnoff Raspberry Flavored Vodka, 3 oz. lemonlime soda, 1 splashes freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 slices limes], title: Raspberry Cooler, picturelink: null}, 12315: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the Brussels sprouts in a medium roasting pan toss with the canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast in the oven until light golden brown and a knife inserted into the centers goes in without any resistance, about 45 minutes.nTransfer the sprouts to a large bowl and add the pomegranate molasses, pomegranate seeds, hazelnuts, and lime and orange zests. Season with salt as needed.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 14 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed and halved, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons pomegranate molasses, Seeds from 1 pomegranate, 12 cup coarsely chopped toasted hazelnuts, Finely grated zest of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon finely grated orange zest], title: Roasted Brussels Sprouts With Pomegranate and Hazelnuts, picturelink: 8Vu2T2Yejn9fvgZI3dA0jUrm7im7Q1e}, 12316: {instructions: Add the potatoes to a large saucepan of salted boiling water and simmer until tender. Drain and dry completely with paper towels.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the red onions, bell peppers, green onions, and garlic, and saute until tender and lightly golden, 5 to 6 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and remove to a bowl.nAdd the remaining 4 tablespoons oil to the skillet, and then add the drained and dried sweet potatoes. Cook in a single layer, stirring occasionally, on medium heat until they are tender, about 6 minutes. Increase the heat to high and cook, without stirring, until the potatoes are golden and crisp, about 2 more minutes. Sprinkle with the smoked paprika and gently stir in the onion mixture and parsley., ingredients: [2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cubed into 1inch cubes, 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 12 red onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 14 cup green onions, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Sweet Potato Hash, picturelink: E3Qusblbeouq8e8oEbQyLgFnaXC48q2}, 12317: {instructions: Butter an 8inchsquare baking dish set aside. Put 3 tablespoons of the butter in a microwavesafe small bowl or liquid measure microwave for 30 seconds to 1 minute to melt the butter.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, 3 tablespoons of the sugar and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. In a separate small bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, 2 eggs and the melted butter. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir until just combined.nHeat a large nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat. Melt a little of the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in the skillet. Working in batches, pour the batter by 14 cupfuls into the skillet and cook until the bottoms are golden brown and small bubbles appear on the tops, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook until golden brown on the other sides, about 2 minutes. If the pancakes brown too quickly, reduce the heat to mediumlow. Transfer the pancakes to a plate as finished. Repeat until all the batter is used, adding more butter to the skillet as necessary. You should have at least 12 pancakes.nWhisk together the halfandhalf, the remaining 5 eggs, the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar, the pepper and 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl.nShingle half of the pancakes in the prepared baking dish. Scatter with half of the sausage, sprinkle with half of the cheese and scallions. Pour half the egg mixture evenly over the pancakes. Repeat with the remaining pancakes, sausage, cheese, scallions and egg mixture. Cover the dish with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 8 hours or up to overnight to allow the pancakes to soak in the custard.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the plastic wrap, cover the casserole loosely with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Uncover and continue to bake until golden brown, the custard is set and the center feels firm but springy, about 30 minutes more. Let cool 15 minutes before serving. Serve warm with maple syrup if you like., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as necessary and for greasing the baking dish, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 4 tablespoons sugar, Kosher salt, 1 34 cups buttermilk, 7 large eggs, 2 cups halfandhalf, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces precooked breakfast sausage patties, crumbled, 8 ounces sharp white Cheddar cheese, shredded, 4 scallions, sliced, Pure maple syrup, for serving optional], title: SausageandCheese Pancake Breakfast Casserole, picturelink: R72foMItCmMJnOByj0I3PASqnmBrTYu}, 12318: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9by5inch glass loaf pan or an 8inch square glass baking pan.nArrange the brioche on a wire rack to dry out. Crack the eggs into a mixing bowl and whisk until blended. Add the sugar and whisk until smooth. Whisk really well or youll get scrambled eggs when placed in the oven. Add the milk, vanilla and salt and whisk until completely blended. Pour the custard through a finemesh sieve into another bowl. Whisk in the citrus zest.nPlace the brioche in the prepared pan, cutting to fit as needed. Pour the custard evenly over the bread, filling the dish to the top. You may not be able to add all of the custard at this point. Let the mixture sit for 15 minutes, so that the bread can absorb the custard.nJust before baking, top off the dish with more of the remaining custard if the previous addition has been completely absorbed. Cover the dish with foil and bake until it has just set no color is necessary, about 1 hour 15 minutes for a loaf pan and 35 to 45 minutes for an 8inch square pan. To test for doneness, uncover the dish, slip a knife into the center and push the bread aside. If the custard is still very liquid, cover the dish and return the pudding to the oven for another 10 minutes. If only a little liquid remains, the pudding is ready to come out of the oven. The custard will continue to cook after it is removed from the oven and it will set up as it cools.nLet cool for about 10 minutes before serving. You can serve the bread pudding by slicing it and removing each slice with an offset spatula, or by scooping it out with a serving spoon. Divide the bread pudding among plates. Add a scoop of ice cream. Top with Burnt Oranges and drizzle with Caramel Sauce. Top with a dollop of whipped cream.nPreheat the grill to medium. Dust the orange wedges with sugar. Grill until char marks appear, 2 to 3 minutes on each side.nIn a medium, heavy saucepan, combine the sugar, 12 cup water, the corn syrup and salt. Use a goodsize pan because the caramel will boil vigorously and the volume will increase dramatically as soon as the hot cream is added. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Let the mixture boil, without stirring, until amber colored. Watch the sugar mixture carefully as it cooks to avoid burning the sugar. From the time the mixture started to boil, it takes over 15 minutes to reach an amber color. Remove from the heat. The mixture will continue to cook off the heat and become darker, so make sure to have the cream close by.nCarefully and slowly add the warm cream to the caramel. The mixture will boil vigorously at first. Let the mixture simmer down and then whisk until smooth. Add the lemon juice and vanilla.nCut the butter into 1inch chunks and add to the caramel sauce, one piece at a time, whisking constantly after each addition. Whisk the caramel periodically as it continues to cool. Pour the caramel sauce into an airtight container such as a glass jar and store in the refrigerator. This will keep for up to a month., ingredients: [Butter, for the pan, 6 brioche hamburger buns, split, 6 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 4 cups whole milk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, Zest of 2 oranges, Zest of 1 lime, Zest of 1 lemon, Ice cream, for serving, Burnt Oranges, recipe follows, Caramel Sauce, recipe follows, Whipped cream, for serving, 2 navel oranges, cut into wedges, Granulated sugar, 2 12 cups sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 13 cups heavy cream, warmed, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter], title: Burnt Orange Bread Pudding, picturelink: iUyX52wZexcSj0U.FfgbWEgTlcaF6}, 12319: {instructions: For each dessert, place 2 scoops of black cherry ice cream in cocktail glasses or dessert dishes. Add splash of Chambord. Drizzle chocolate sauce on top and garnish with a rosette of whipped cream., ingredients: [2 pints black cherry ice cream, Splash Chambord or kirsch any cherry liqueur, 12 cup chocolate sauce, Prepared whipped cream, canister from dairy aisle], title: Black Cherry Ice Cream with Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 12320: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the poppy seeds, lemon zest, and milk. Set aside to soak for at least 1 hour or refrigerated overnight. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 6cup loaf pan with wax paper. In a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, whip the eggs and sugar together until light and fluffy.nIn a separate bowl, sift the dry ingredients together. With the mixer running, drizzle the oil, vanilla extract, and almond extract into the egg mixture. With the mixer still running, add alternating batches of dry ingredients and poppy seedmilk mixture to the egg mixture. The batter will be somewhat thin. Pour into the prepared pan.nBake 1 to 1 14 hours, until the center is raised and cracked and the whole cake is firm and dry on the top. Avoid opening the oven while baking. Do not underbake or the cake will fall. Let cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and continue cooling before serving., ingredients: [13cup 2 12 ounces poppy seeds, 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest, 1 cup whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 cups flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon almond extract], title: Lemon Poppyseed Cake, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 12321: {instructions: Season the buttermilk with salt, pepper and Old Bay seasoning. Place crabs in the buttermilk mixture. Let the crabs marinate covered and chilled, for at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours. Remove and pat dry. In a bowl, mix together the flour, cayenne and salt and pepper to taste. Dredge the crab in the flour, shaking off excess. Choose a heavy frying pan or pans that will hold all the crabs in one layer without crowding. Place the pans over moderately high heat and add butter and oil to create a thin layer about 14inch in each pan. After the foam subsides, add the floured crabs. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the crabs are golden brown on the underside. Turn the crabs over. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the other side is golden brown. Transfer them to paper towels to drain briefly.nHave ready English muffins, split in half and flattened with a rolling pin. In a small saucepan combine unsalted butter, lemon juice and parsley, shallot, and salt and pepper to taste, heat the mixture over moderately low heat, stirring until the butter is just melted and reserve it. Brush muffins with herbed butter and place on griddle. Heat for 3 to 5 minutes, remove and place 1 crab between 2 muffin halves., ingredients: [6 small softshell crabs, cleaned, Salt and pepper, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon Old Bay seasoning, 1 cup flour, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter for pan frying, 3 tablespoons olive oil for pan frying, 6 English muffins, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, minced, 1 tablespoon minced shallot], title: SoftShell Crabs Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 12322: {instructions: Toss the radishes, tartar sauce, sliced celery and all but a few celery leaves in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nWhisk the eggs in a large bowl with 14 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the scallions and cook until slightly wilted, about 1 minute. Add the egg mixture and cook, stirring, until just beginning to set, about 3 minutes. Add the herbs and cheese and continue cooking until the cheese melts, about 2 more minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cover to keep warm.nWipe out the skillet and return to mediumhigh heat. Spread the outsides of the buns with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter add to the skillet and toast until golden, about 1 minute per side. Fill each bun with a lettuce leaf and some of the scrambled eggs. Top with the remaining celery leaves. Serve with the celery salad.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [12 cup thinly sliced radishes or carrots, 3 tablespoons tartar sauce, 4 stalks celery, thinly sliced leaves reserved, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 large eggs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, dill andor basil, 13 cup diced havarti or muenster cheese, 4 splittop hot dog buns, 4 leaves Boston lettuce], title: Scrambled Egg Subs, picturelink: 7asaEZITsxgz8zd11aNPuI.069uKvki}, 12323: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the bread crumbs, cheese, nutmeg, parsley, and orange zest in a shallow bowl. Put the flour in another bowl and the eggs in a third bowl.nCut the chicken breasts horizontally being sure not to cut all the way through to the other side so it will open like a book. Once the chicken is butterflied, lightly pound the chicken between waxed paper, parchment or plastic wrap into 4 large, very thin cutlets. Season the cutlets with salt and pepper and coat with the flour, then the egg and then the bread crumbs.nHeat a 12inch of frying oil in very large skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. When the oil is hot, add the cutlets 1 or 2 at a time, depending on the size of the pan. As cutlets are done, transfer to a baking rack to drain. Cutlets may be served room temperature but you want them to remain crisp.nWhile the cutlets cook, working next to the stove, peel and section the oranges and dice. Add them to a large bowl along with the tomatoes, oregano, if using, onion, extravirgin olive oil and salt and pepper, to taste. Toss and when ready to serve fold in the arugula leaves.nTransfer the cutlets to serving plates and top with mounds of orange and arugula salad before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups bread crumbs, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, A little fresh grated nutmeg, A handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 1 orange, zested, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, beaten, 4 small boneless, skinless chicken breasts, about 6 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil or vegetable oil, for frying, 2 seedless oranges, 2 yellow or orange tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 sprig fresh oregano, leaves finely chopped, optional, 12 small red onion or 2 to 3 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cups baby arugula leaves], title: Chicken Cutlets with Orange and Arugula, picturelink: tmbwvJ3fdha4LiAMLhQguIHWfjaMrMe}, 12324: {instructions: Pour Champagne into glasses and allow your guests to create their own cocktails by adding creme de cassis or framboise with a slice of fresh strawberry or raspberry, or with brandy and a sugar cube., ingredients: [Champagne, Creme de cassis liqueur, Framboise liqueur, Sliced fresh strawberries, Fresh raspberries, Brandy, Sugar cubes], title: Champagne Cocktails, picturelink: 4c54eUKNXV2w2bfvFo81oxtkXK.5JAG}, 12325: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine cranberry juice, apple cider, sugar, orange peel, ginger and bay leaves. Simmer until the mixture is reduced by half, about 20 minutes. Add the nuts, vinegar and cranberries. Continue to cook until the cranberries burst, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 quart unfiltered cranberry juice, 14 cup apple cider, 1 cup sugar, Peel of 1 orange, cut in large strips, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup hazelnuts, toasted, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 pound fresh cranberries], title: CranberryOrange Conserve, picturelink: null}, 12326: {instructions: In a large saucepan of boiling salted water, blanch lettuce for 3 minutes and refresh. Drain gently, squeeze dry. Slice each head in half lengthwise. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Fold in half crosswise and shape with your hands to make fat triangles.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F and set rack in lower third of oven.nIn a casserole, cook the scallion and carrot in the butter until tender but not browned. Arrange the lettuce in the casserole, and spoon the vegetables over the lettuce.nPour in enough liquid barely to cover the lettuce. Add the thyme and bay leaf. Bring to a simmer on top of the stove. Place the buttered paper over the lettuce to cover the casserole.nPlace casserole in center of preheated oven. Regulate heat so lettuce simmers slowly for 1 hour. Remove the lettuce to a serving dish and keep it warm. Quickly boil down the braising liquid until it has reduced to a syrup about 12 cup.nSprinkle with parsley and servenRound of buttered paper to cover casserole., ingredients: [6 heads Boston lettuce,trimmed and rinsed, Salt and pepper to taste, 12 cup scallion, minced, 12 cup carrots, minced, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups chicken stock, or vegetable stock, 12 teaspoon thyme, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons parsley, minced], title: Braised Lettuce, picturelink: null}, 12327: {instructions: Move the oven rack to the bottom and preheat the oven to 500 degrees F, then start with the seasoning: Grab the peppercorns and throw them in a big plastic bag and pound them with a rolling pin to break them open. Pull the leaves off the rosemary and thyme sprigs. Throw the crushed peppercorns into a bowl with the salt and herb leaves and add the minced garlic. Use your fingers to toss it all together, then set it aside.nPlace the beef, fatside up, on a rack in a roasting pan. Drizzle the olive oil all over the surface and rub it in with your hands. Sprinkle the peppercornherbsalt mixture all over the surface of the beef, pressing it lightly with your hands.nRoast the beef 45 minutes for the first stage. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F and insert a meat thermometer sideways into the roast. Roast the beef an additional 1 hour 15 minutes to 1 hour 30 minutes, or until the thermometer registers 120 degrees F to 135 degrees F in the center for medium rare. The meat will continue to cook for a bit after you remove it from the oven.nRemove the beef from the rack and let it rest about 15 minutes to allow the juices to redistribute throughout the meat. When youre ready to serve, carve it into slices of your preferred width.nMake the batter before removing the prime rib from the oven: Combine the eggs and halfandhalf in a bowl and whisk until theyre totally combined. Throw the flour and 2 teaspoons salt into a sifter and sift them straight into the bowl. Whisk until its nice and smooth, then refrigerate until the prime rib is ready.nAfter the beef is removed from the pan, increase the oven temperature to 450 degrees F. Use a slotted spoon to remove the peppercorns, herbs and excess salt from the drippings. Pour the remaining drippings into a separate container. They should be speckled and lovelynPour a small amount about 12 teaspoon or so of the drippings into each cup of a standard muffin pan and place the pan in the hot oven for a couple of minutes, or until just before the drippings begin to smoke.nCarefully remove the pan from the oven and immediately fill the muffin cups about 12 to 23 full. Bake 13 to 14 minutes, or until theyve popped about as much as they can pop. Serve them in a basket with a pretty napkin right next to the prime rib.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [4 tablespoons tricolor peppercorns or any peppercorns, 3 sprigs rosemary, 3 sprigs thyme, 13 cup kosher salt, 8 cloves garlic, minced, 1 10to14pound boneless ribeye roast, 14 cup olive oil, Yorkshire Pudding, for serving, recipe follows, 5 large eggs, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt, Drippings from the prime rib], title: Prime Rib, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 12328: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes or according to package directions.nHeat oil in a large skillet. Add sliced onion and saute for 5 minutes or until tender. Add garlic and zucchini and saute a minute. Add white wine, cover and simmer 2 to 3 minutes or until tender. Remove lid, add tomatoes, pimentos, ham and simmer a couples of minutes just to heat through. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and spoon over pasta. Garnish with sliced olives and parsley., ingredients: [12 ounces medium size shells, 14 cup olive oil, 12 onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 medium zucchini, cut into 14inch dice, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 medium tomatoes, seeded and cut into strips, 14 cup pimentos cut into slivers, 12 ounces smoked black forest ham, cut into small dice, Salt and pepper, 14 cup slivered pitted black nicoise olives, 14 cup minced parsley], title: Ham and Vegetables Over Medium Shells, picturelink: null}, 12329: {instructions: Preheat oven according to the cookie mix package directions. Prepare the cookie mix according to directions with the addition of a few drops of green food coloring and the mint extract. Adjust deepness of the color to your liking, 3 drops is enough to make it a medium color green. Scoop heaping tablespoons of the cooki8e batter between 2 cookie sheets, you should get about 2 dozen scoops. Bake cookies until just lightly golden at the edges, remove and cool slightly. Serve with peppermint stick or mint chocolate chip ice cream.nFor a fun, tasty and minty ice cream sammy, place small scoops of ice cream between 2 cookies. Push the ice cream to the edge and coat in mini dark chocolate chips or chocolate shavings. Place in freezer individually wrapped., ingredients: [1 package store bought chocolate chip cookie mix dry ingredients, available on baking aisle of market recommended: Duncan Heinz or Betty Crocker check label to see what the mixin ingredients are, i.e. butter and egg, Green vegetable food coloring, 1 teaspoon mint extract, 2 pints peppermint stick flavor or mint chocolate chip ice cream], title: Mint Chocolate Chip Cookies with Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 12330: {instructions: Rinse the blossoms under cold running water gently and dry on paper towels.nCombine the chopped raw shrimp with the shallots and tarragon. In a separate bowl combine the cream with the French bread and the salt and pepper and, using the back of a spoon or your fingers, mix until pasty.nMix this bread paste with the shrimp and combine well.nSplit the flowers open using a paring knife, insert a teaspoon of the shrimp paste inside, and fold the flower closed.nHeat the oil over medium heat in a large saute pan. Mix the flour and water together with a fork and add more flour if the batter is looser than heavy cream.nDip each flower into the batter and then fry in the hot oil until crisp and golden.nServe immediately., ingredients: [12 zucchini blossoms, 12 pound small raw shrimp, peeled, deveined, diced, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon fresh tarragon, 14 cup cream, 12 cup French bread cubes, all crust removed, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup flour, 12 cup water], title: Shrimp Filled Zucchini Blossoms, picturelink: null}, 12331: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 3inch round cookie cutternPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper.nIn a small bowl add 12 cup of sugar and the salt. Stir to combine and pour about half of it evenly onto a work surface. With your hands, press the dough into the sugar and roll out into a flat disk, about 12inch thick. Sprinkle the remaining 12 of the sugar evenly over the top of the dough and press it a few times to adhere. With a rolling pin, roll the dough into a thickness of about 18inch, turning and flipping as you roll to incorporate the sugar into the dough and to keep it from sticking to the surface. With a 3inch round cutter, cut out 12 dough rounds and arrange them on the lined baking sheet. Transfer to the oven and bake until crisp and golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool the crisp rounds completely on the pan.nMeanwhile, pour the balsamic vinegar into a small saucepan and bring it to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Simmer until thick and syrupy, about 4 minutes it should still swirl in the pan. If too thick, simply add about a teaspoon of balsamic, stir, and remove from the heat.nPut the strawberries in a small bowl and sprinkle them with 1 tablespoon of sugar. Let them stand until juicy, 5 to 10 minutes. To assemble the tarts, spread about 2 teaspoons mascarpone on each crisp dough round with a spoon or small offset spatula. Using a spoon to drain any excess liquid, put about 1 tablespoon of diced strawberries on the top of each tart. Drizzle a little balsamic syrup over the tarts and serve immediately.nCooks Note: The sugared dough scraps can be tossed with cinnamon and baked in the 400 degree F oven until browned and crisp as a treat for the little ones. Leftover strawberries or balsamic syrup are delicious over ice cream, ingredients: [8 ounces frozen pizza dough, thawed, 12 cup sugar, plus 1 tablespoon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 8 large strawberries, hulled and finely diced, 4 ounces mascarpone cheese, whipped], title: Mini Strawberry Mascarpone Tarts, picturelink: gKIb3AdokMaKNtZ2I0D2uE.A.do9Bm}, 12332: {instructions: Place rice flour in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Mix eggs and milk in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Place cornmeal in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nOpen up and cut the trout, diagonally, into 2 fillets. Season both the flesh and skin sides of the fillet with salt and pepper, to taste, and then dip each fillet into rice flour, then egg mixture, then cornmeal. Repeat with remaining trout.nHeat 3 tablespoons of the oil in a large skillet until almost smoking. Saute 4 fillets at a time until golden brown on both sides. Repeat with the remaining oil. Transfer to a large baking sheet and repeat with the remaining 2 trout. Place in the oven and bake for 5 to 6 minutes until just cooked through.nZest and juice both lemons, separately reserving the zest and the juice. Set aside.nWhile the trout is baking, melt the butter in a nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Watching carefully and lowering the heat if necessary, allow the butter to foam and turn golden brown. Immediately add the lemon juice, zest and salt and pepper, to taste.nWhile the butter is still foaming, add the pecans and parsley. Do not allow the butter to burn or it will be unusable.nPlace 2 fillets on each of 4 dinner plates and pour the PecanBrown Butter over the top. Serve alongside the Sauteed Swiss Chard with Red Onion and Serrano Chile Vinegar.nTear Swiss chard leaves from thick white stalks, discard the stalks and coarsely chop leaves, set aside.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until golden brown and fat as rendered. Remove bacon to a plate with a slotted spoon. Add the onions and cook in the rendered fat until soft. Add the garlic and cook for an additional minute. Add the Swiss chard, season with salt and pepper and stir to coat the leaves in the fat. Cook until the leaves have completely wilted. Add the bacon back to the pan. Add the vinegar and continue cooking for 2 minutes. Serve with additional vinegar on the side.nBring chiles, vinegar, and a teaspoon of salt to a boil in a medium nonreactive saucepan. Remove from heat, pour into a bowl, cover and let steep for at least 2 hours or overnight at room temperature. Strain through a fine strainer into a bowl or glass jar., ingredients: [2 cups rice flour, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 3 large eggs, 3 tablespoons milk, 2 cups white cornmeal, 4 8 to 10 ounces each whole rainbow trout, scaled and gutted, 6 tablespoons vegetable or peanut oil, 2 lemons, 2 sticks unsalted butter, 12 cup finely chopped pecans, 14 cup finely chopped fresh flat leaf parsley, Sauteed Swiss Chard with Red Onion and Serrano Chile Vinegar, recipe follows, 2 12 pounds Swiss chard, 12 pound slab bacon, cut into small dice, 2 medium red onions, halved and thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup Serrano Chile Vinegar, recipe follows, 4 serrano chiles, coarsely chopped, 2 cups white wine vinegar, Kosher salt], title: PanFried Rainbow Trout with Pecans and Brown Butter and Swiss Chard with Serrano Chile Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 12333: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the cucumber, 14 teaspoon garam masala, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl toss to coat. Stir in the yogurt and set aside. Combine the chutney, chopped jalapeno, cilantro and lime juice in a separate bowl stir to combine.nSeason the chicken on both sides with the remaining 1 34 teaspoons garam masala and a generous pinch each of salt and pepper. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, then add the olive oil. Add the chicken and cook until browned, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip and cook until browned on the other side, 2 to 3 more minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and add 14 cup water. Cover and cook until the chicken is cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, warm the naan in the oven on a baking sheet. Slice the chicken and divide among the naan. Top with the chutney mixture, red onion, sliced jalapeno and more cilantro. Serve with the cucumber mixture.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 seedless cucumber, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons garam masala, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 13 cup plain Greek yogurt, 12 cup mango chutney, 1 red jalapeno or Fresno chile pepper 12 chopped, 12 sliced remove seeds for less heat, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for topping, Juice of 1 to 2 limes, 1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts about 3 medium, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 pieces naan bread, 14 small red onion, thinly sliced], title: Indian Chicken Tacos, picturelink: a7mmRIcmsrjuOiStJTVmCAsmm4P0XK}, 12334: {instructions: Special equipment: Butchers TwinenFor the eggplant: Cover a large baking sheet with a paper towel. Lay the eggplant slices over in a single layer, sprinkling pinches of salt over the surface. Cover with another paper towel and repeat with another layer. Let the eggplants sit for 30 minutes to 1 hour. This will draw any excess water out of the vegetable, making it better for frying.nBring the tomato sauce to a boil in a pot. Reduce the heat gradually every 7 minutes until the sauce reaches a slow simmer.nMix together the breadcrumbs, basil, oregano, parsley, garlic powder, onion powder and some salt and black pepper in a large shallow container. Whisk together the eggs in another large shallow container. Dip each eggplant slice in the egg, and then coat both sides in the breadcrumb mixture.nFor frying and assembly: Heat a large frying pan over medium heat until hot.nMeanwhile, saute the onions and green peppers for 2 to 3 minutes in a small pan and set aside.nPour 12 cup of the grapeseed oil into the hot pan. Watch for ribbons forming in the oil, then add the eggplant slices one at a time in a single layer. Depending on the size, it is important to only cook as many as the pan allows for. Fry until a light caramel color, then flip and fry the other side. Transfer to a flat papertowellined plate.nOnce all of the eggplant has been fried, pour in the remaining oil and repeat the same process with the veal, transferring to a papertowellined plate to drain.nPlace a spoonful of onions and green peppers on the bottom of the buns, topped with a spoonful of the tomato sauce. Cut the veal in half or in thirds to make them the same size as the buns. Add 3 layers of veal to each bun, then sprinkle with mozzarella and a bit more of the tomato sauce. Layer 3 to 4 eggplant slices on top. Sprinkle some of the mozzarella again, top with more tomato sauce and finish with a dusting of the Parmesan. Place the top buns on and voila Behold the Gladiator on a Bun, ingredients: [1 large eggplant, sliced 14inch thick, Salt, 1 jar tomato sauce, 1 container wholewheat breadcrumbs, 14 cup white breadcrumbs, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried parsley, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 eggs, 1 white onion, diced, 1 green pepper, diced, 1 cup grapeseed oil, 4 to 5 pieces veal, pounded and tenderized, 4 fresh Kaiser buns, halved, 12 cup grated mozzarella, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Gladiator Bun, picturelink: null}, 12335: {instructions: In a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough canola oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 375 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the garlic, vinegar, mustard, horseradish and rosemary into a food processor. Pulse the ingredients until smooth. Slowly add the olive oil to emulsify and season with salt and pepper. Put the chicken in a large resealable bag. Pour the marinade into the bag and mix it into the chicken until well coated. Close the bag and refrigerate for 2 to 4 hours and up to overnight.nPut the flour in a shallow dish. Remove the chicken from the marinade. Dredge each piece of chicken in the flour, shaking off any excess. Working in batches, fry the chicken until golden brown, about 7 to 8 minutes. Remove the drumsticks from the fryer and arrange them on a sheet tray. Put them in the oven until cooked through, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove the chicken from the oven and arrange them on a platter for serving., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup wholegrain mustard, 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 12 cup chopped rosemary leaves, 12 cup olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 3 pounds chicken drumsticks, 2 cups allpurpose flour], title: Crispy Chicken Drumsticks, picturelink: null}, 12336: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F.nSTIR brownie mix, melted shortening and egg in medium mixing bowl until evenly moistened. Scoop into 1 12inch balls or drop by rounded tablespoons onto ungreased cookie sheet.nBAKE 10 to 11 minutes or just until set. Cool on cookie sheet 1 minute. Transfer to cooling rack. Spread frosting on cooled cookies. Sprinkle with chopped peanuts., ingredients: [1 12.35 oz. package Pillsburyu00ae Reduced Sugar Milk Chocolate Brownie, 14 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening, melted, 1 large egg, 1 16 oz. can Pillsburyu00ae Reduced Sugar Chocolate Fudge Frosting, 2 tablespoons chopped dry roasted peanuts], title: Chewy Fudge Cookies, picturelink: gltVMUOf54yNP08DSABSv7mTWlM2q0m}, 12337: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the vinegar, shallot, mustard, salt, and pepper. Gradually whisk in the oil to make a creamy dressing.nPut all but a large handful of the spinach in a large bowl. Toss with most of the dressing. Add remaining spinach and continue tossing until well coated.nServe immediately topped with goat cheese and walnuts., ingredients: [8 cups baby spinach leaves, stems trimmed, washed, and dried, 12 cup whole or chopped toasted walnuts, 13 cup crumbled goat cheese, 3 tablespoons quality walnut oil, see Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced shallot or red onion, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Spinach Salad with Goat Cheese and Walnuts, picturelink: so2v82lLlM8keVzICBgtEGoeobh8JB.}, 12338: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat the olive oil and saute the onions and sugar until caramelized. Add the garlic and caraway seed. Cook for 1 minute. Add the sweet and sharp paprika, marjoram, thyme, and bay leaf. Saute another minute, until fragrant. Add the tomato paste. Deglaze with the vinegar and the stock and add the pieces of beef shank, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer and cook until very tender, about 1 12 hours, stirring occasionally.nTaste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Serve with Spaetzle on the side.nIn a small bowl, beat together the egg yolks, egg and milk. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Add the egg mixture to the flour mixture and mix with hand until well blended. Do not overmix at this stage. Cover the bowl and refrigerate. Allow the batter to rest for at least 1 hour.nBring salted water to a boil. Place a perforated hotel pan on top of the pot. Place the batter on the pan and force through the holes to form spaetzle. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes, or until al dente. Transfer cooked spaetzle to a bowl of ice water to shock. When cool to the touch, drain well. Stir in half the oil. At this point you can cover and refrigerate up to 2 days.nOver high heat, place a large saute pan until it gets very hot. Add the remaining 14 cup of oil and the boiled spaetzle. Saute until golden. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Finish with butter and sprinkle with parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 4 cups onions, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon sugar, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, toasted and ground, 1 12 tablespoons sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon spicy paprika, 2 tablespoons minced fresh marjoram leaves, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 12 pounds beef shank, cut into 2inch cubes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Spaetzle, recipe follows, 4 egg yolks, 1 egg, 1 34 cups milk, 1 pound about 3 cups all purpose flour, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 12 cup peanut oil, Salt, Pepper, 2 ounces unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon fresh minced parsley], title: Wolfgangs Beef Goulash, picturelink: null}, 12339: {instructions: Put the chewy candy drop in the center of the cupcake. Put the gum pieces around it in a petal pattern.nIf necessary, snip the green jelly candy into a piece about 2 inches long. Put it on the cupcake next to the candy drop and between 2 petalsit should hang over the cupcake slightly.nUse a paring knife to press 1 vein down the center of the fish, and a few from the center vein to the edges. Put the leaf next to the stem., ingredients: [1 purple chewy candy drop, such as Jujube, 1 frosted cupcake about 2 tablespoons frosting works best, 5 oblong fruitflavored gum or candies, such as Mike and Ike, 1 green jelly spaghetti or other green jelly candy, 1 green chewy fishshaped candy], title: Fruity Gum Flower, picturelink: KZmERFhrO5bFnOGUUNGFfJgNsCTvc6e}, 12340: {instructions: Put the olive oil, garlic, red pepper, herbs, and citrus zests in a medium skillet. Heat over mediumhigh heat, swirling the pan until the mixture is fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the olives, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the garlic is golden and the zest begins to curl, about 5 minutes more. Discard and remove bay leaves, if using. Serve warm or at room temperature.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 12 teaspoons crushed red pepper, 1 large sprig fresh rosemary, 2 bay leaves, or both, Zest of 1 orange, peeled in long strips with a vegetable peeler, Zest of 1 lemon, peeled in long strips with a vegetable peeler, 12 ounces mixed olives, such as kalamata, nicoise, or cerignola, drained, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: CitrusSpiced Mixed Olives, picturelink: null}, 12341: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the herbed yogurt dip: Combine the yogurt, mint, parsley, dill, garlic, lemon zest and juice, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl and mix well taste to check the seasonings. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the roasted veggies: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nArrange the parsnips and carrots on a baking sheet in a single layer. Arrange the zucchini and onions on a second baking sheet in a single layer. Drizzle both with the olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nRoast the parsnips and carrots until lightly browned but still firm, about 10 minutes, roast the zucchini and onions until lightly browned but not soggy, 7 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a ziptop bag and refrigerate until cold.nServe the roasted veggies cold with the herbed yogurt dip., ingredients: [2 cups plain Greek yogurt, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill, 2 cloves garlic, grated, Zest of 1 lemon plus juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 parsnips, cut into sticks, 3 carrots, cut into sticks, 2 zucchini, cut into sticks, 2 red onions, cut into quarters, 12 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cold Roasted Veggies with Herbed Yogurt Dip, picturelink: 9PtJVGJJdEbdldTzq6jSOIW4ZqsBu6}, 12342: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with silicone baking mats or parchment paper.nMix the flour, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, combine the light brown sugar, butter, granulated sugar, vanilla, whole egg and egg yolk. Blend until smooth and combined, about 30 seconds. Add in the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Fold in the candy pieces.nUsing a 4ounce ice cream scoop, plop out 10 to 12 cookies on each prepared baking sheet. Bake until slightly golden and puffy, 14 to 17 minutes. Let cool for 15 minutes on a wire rack., ingredients: [2 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons salted butter, melted then cooled slightly, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 large whole egg, 1 large egg yolk, 2 cups chopped leftover Halloween candy, such as Reeses Peanut Butter Cups, Snickers, M and Ms and Butterfingers], title: Candy Bucket Cookies, picturelink: BdqyEFUldiQiOTLy6QXBc4LBzrjCrYS}, 12343: {instructions: Heat the oil to a frying temperature of 350 degrees F180 degrees C.nWash the flowers and dry thoroughly.nPut the egg and milk into a shallow dish and whisk to combine. Sprinkle with some salt and pepper. Sift the flour and cornstarch with a little more salt and pepper into another shallow dish.nDip the zucchini blossoms into the egg wash, then dredge in the flour mixture. Plop into the hot oil and fry until golden. Drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with flaked sea salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for deepfrying, 6 to 8 zucchini blossoms, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup30 g flour, 14 cup30 g cornstarch, Flaked sea salt], title: DeepFried Zucchini Blossoms, picturelink: null}, 12344: {instructions: Make the broth: Bring 6 cups water and 1 teaspoon salt to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the leeks and cook until tender, 3 to 4 minutes remove with a slotted spoon to a bowl. Adjust the heat to keep the broth at a gentle simmer.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon butter in a wide saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the rice and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the wine and cook, stirring, until almost evaporated, about 1 more minute.nAdd 2 cups of the hot leek broth to the rice cook, stirring occasionally, until almost absorbed, about 6 minutes adjust the heat to keep the risotto at a simmer. Add 1 more cup broth and cook, stirring, until almost absorbed, about 5 more minutes. Add the leeks, peas and 1 more cup broth and cook, stirring, until almost absorbed, about 5 more minutes. Taste the rice: If it is not fully cooked, add a little more broth and continue to cook, stirring, until al dente.nStir in the ham and remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Remove from the heat stir in 23 cup pesto, the mozzarella and parmesan. Season with salt. Divide among bowls and top with the remaining pesto.nPlace a rimmed baking sheet in the lower third of the oven preheat to 450 degrees F. Make the pesto: Pulse the parsley, basil, scallions, whole garlic, Worcestershire sauce, lemon zest and the juice of 1 lemon in a food processor. With the motor running, add 14 cup olive oil.nCoat the pork with 14 cup of the remaining pesto. Mix the remaining 12 cup pesto in a small bowl with 1 tablespoon hot water and the remaining lemon juice season with salt and pepper.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and brown all over, about 4 minutes. Transfer to the hot baking sheet and roast until a thermometer registers 145 degrees F, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, cook the polenta as the label directs.nHeat the remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil in the skillet over medium heat. Add the sliced garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the spinach, 3 tablespoons of the pesto mixture and 14 cup water cook, stirring, until wilted, 3 minutes. Slice the pork serve with the polenta, spinach and remaining pesto mixture. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 3 leeks white and light green parts only, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup arborio rice, 12 cup dry white wine optional, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 34 cup diced ham, 34 cup pesto storebought or reserved from Pesto Pork With Polenta, recipe follows, 1 cup small fresh mozzarella balls or diced fresh mozzarella, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, 2 cups fresh parsley leaves about 1 bunch, 2 cups fresh basil leaves about 1 bunch, 2 12 cups coarsely chopped scallions about 2 bunches, 4 cloves garlic 2 whole, 2 thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon, plus juice of 2 lemons, 14 cup plus 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds pork tenderloin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14 ounce tube prepared polenta, sliced, 1 pound baby spinach], title: Risotto With Pesto and Peas, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 12345: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the ground chuck, 1 12 teaspoons of the salt, and the pepper in a medium bowl and shape into six 12inchthick patties.nSlice the tomatoes into 13inchthick rounds and place on a baking sheet. Sprinkle with the paprika and the remaining 12 teaspoon salt. Rub with the olive oil.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Grill the burgers until cooked to the desired doneness, about 3 minutes per side for mediumrare. On a clean, welloiled area of the grill, grill the tomatoes until just charred, about 2 minutes per side. Grill the ciabatta rolls, cutside down, until lightly toasted, about 2 minutes.nPlace the burgers on the bottom halves of the rolls. Top each with 1 to 2 tablespoons of the gorgonzola, a tomato slice and some arugula. Cover with the roll tops and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef chuck, 80 percent lean, 2 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 beefsteak tomatoes slightly under ripe is best, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 6 ounces gorgonzola cheese, crumbled or cut into 12inch cubes, Six 4inch ciabatta rolls square or round or your favorite burger bun, halved horizontally, 1 cup fresh arugula], title: Gorgonzola Burgers, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 12346: {instructions: To make the syrup, melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the pecans and cook until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add the maple syrup and salt and cook, stirring constantly for 2 to 3 minutes, until thickened.nTo make waffles, heat a waffle iron. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and baking soda. In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, buttermilk, and melted butter. Pour the wet mixture into the dry mixture and fold to combine.nCook the waffles according to the directions for your waffle iron. Usually it will take 4 to 6 minutes for the waffles to turn golden and the waffle iron to stop releasing steam, which indicates that theyre done.nSprinkle the granola over the waffles and serve immediately with the buttered pecan maple syrup., ingredients: [2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1 cup maple syrup, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 3 eggs, 2 cups buttermilk, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup your favorite granola], title: Corries Granola Waffles with Buttered Pecan Syrup, picturelink: null}, 12347: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the strawberries, blueberries, raspberries and honey to a saucepan over medium heat. Cook the berries until they are soft and mushy, about 5 minutes, stirring often. Strain the cooked berries over a bowl and discard the solids. Stir in the chia seeds and set aside for 10 minutes.nSpread the chia jam over your morning toast., ingredients: [4 cups strawberries, stems removed, 1 cup blueberries, 1 cup raspberries, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons chia seeds, Toast, for serving], title: Chia Jam, picturelink: gzpTci8ZBHC7Arm6D4vnK5nD7LyBlSO}, 12348: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBuild a charcoal fire or heat a gas grill.nPlace the ground beef in a large bowl and add the mustard, olive oil, thyme, garlic, salt, and pepper. Mix gently with a fork to combine, taking care not to compress the ingredients. Shape the meat into 12 2inch patties of equal size and thickness.nWhen the grill is mediumhot, brush the grill grate with oil to keep the sliders from sticking. Place the sliders on the grill and cook for 4 minutes. Turn the sliders over with a spatula and cook for another 4 to 6 minutes, until mediumrare, or cook longer if you prefer the sliders more well done. For the last 2 minutes of cooking time, place 12ounce Gruyere on the top of each burger and close the grill lid. Remove the sliders to a platter and cover with foil.nSlice the buns in half crosswise and toast the halves cut side down on the grill.nDivide the baby arugula among the 12 bottom buns, top each with a slider, and finish with a slice of tomato and red onion. Cover with the top of the bun and serve hot with ketchup., ingredients: [2 pounds premium ground beef 80 percent lean and 20 percent fat, 1 tablespoon good Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, plus extra for brushing the grill, 1 teaspoon chopped thyme leaves, 3 teaspoons chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces grated Gruyere, 12 small Brioche buns, 4 ounces baby arugula, 3 medium tomatoes, sliced in 18inchthick rounds, 2 small red onions, sliced in 18inchthick rounds, Ketchup, for serving], title: Sliders, picturelink: 6d0uMZeKVsbi.tyTgBsQUpqky0K.W}, 12349: {instructions: In a large bowl, toss the cubed lamb with the garlic, thyme, oregano, rosemary, and lemon juice. Coat the lamb completely. Let the lamb marinate for 30 minutes.nHeat a large, deep skillet over high heat and drizzle in the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Season the lamb with 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Add the lamb to the skillet and cook until browned on all sides and cooked to mediumrare, about 4 minutes on each side.nHeat the pita bread in a dry pan or in the microwave for just a few seconds until warm and pliable. On each piece of bread, lay a few pieces of lamb, some tomato slices, lettuce, feta and a spoonful of each sauce. Transfer to a serving platter, fold and enjoynTo make Tzatziki sauce:nIn a small bowl, combine the cucumber, mint, dill, lemon zest, and yogurt. Season with salt, to taste, and serve with the gyros.nYield: about 2 cupsnTo make Spicy Sour Cream Sauce:nIn a small bowl, whisk the sour cream, lemon, and sriracha sauce together until completely blended. Season the sauce with salt, to taste, and serve with the gyros.nYield: about 1 cup, ingredients: [2 pounds boneless lamb leg or shoulder, trimmed of excess fat and cut into 1 12inch chunks, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried rosemary, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, Juice of 12 a lemon, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 pocketless pita bread, 2 tomatoes, thinly sliced, Shredded iceberg lettuce, 6 ounces feta, crumbled, Tzatziki Sauce, Serena Palumbos recipe follows, Spicy Sour Cream Sauce, Serena Palumbos recipe follows, 1 small cucumber, grated, Bunch fresh mint, leaves finely chopped, Zest of 1 lemon, 1 cup Greekstyle yogurt, Kosher salt, 1 cup sour cream, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons sriracha sauce, Kosher salt], title: Lamb Gyro with Tzatziki Sauce and Spicy Sour Cream Sauce, picturelink: FgqovyEKNekkEKAkgusTQ4xBv3Vyw1e}, 12350: {instructions: Put the chopped onion, ginger, garlic, and 4 tablespoons of the lemon juice in the container of the electric blender, and blend at high speed to get a smooth paste about 1 minute. In a bowl or pot with nonmetallic lining large enough to hold the meat, put the paste from the blender and all the other ingredients except the meats and the onion is to be used for garnishing later. Mix well. Carefully cut off all fat and tissue from the meat, and with the point of a knife make lots of in it into 2 pieces, if there is not room. Make a few more jabs with the knife, and be sure the paste gets rubbed into the meat and goes way inside the gashes. Cover the container and leave refrigerated for 24 hours. Turn the meat over at least 3 or 4 times during this period. The meat is now ready for grilling. But before you start, get your garnishes ready. Peel the second onion and slice it into very fine rounds paper thin if possible. Separate the rounds into rings and put them into a bowl of ice water, cover, and refrigerate. Cut off the stems, leaves, and tips from the radishes and then cut them into flowers. Starting from the tip end, start cutting into halves, but stop short as you reach the stem end. Next, cut into quarters and eights the same way. Put into a small bowl of ice water, cover and refrigerate. It will look prettier if you use unblemished radishes of approximately the same size for this. Get fire started. When hot, place the metal grill at the lowest notch. Lift meat from bowl leaving marinade and place on grill. Sear 5 to 8 minutes on either side. Then raise grill to its topmost notch and cook about 20 minutes on each side. Brush frequently with the marinade until it is all used up. If you dont have a grill that moves up and down, just remember that the meat needs to cook about 50 minutes and it should be very dark on the outside and pinkish inside. To serve: warm a large platter. Meanwhile place the meat on a carving board and slice it as you would a London broilinto thin diagonal pieces. Drain off water from the radishes and onion rings. Arrange radishes around meat and lay raw onion rings on top of meat., ingredients: [1 leg of lamb 89 pounds, butterflied, 2 mediumsized onions 1 coarsely chopped, 1 for garnishing, Piece of fresh ginger, 3 inches long and 1 inch wide, peeled and coarsely chopped, 57 cloves garlic, peeled and coarsely chopped, 23 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 1 teaspoon ground ground turmeric, 14 teaspoon ground mace, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 cup olive oil, 2 12 teapoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 121 teaspoon cayenne pepper optional, 121 teaspoon orange food coloring or American liquid kind], title: Butterflied Leg of Lamb Marinated and Barbecued, picturelink: null}, 12351: {instructions: Prepare fire pit by making sure the proper barbecue method is used to prepare the meat using red oak logs burnt down to the coals with very little flame is strongly suggested for cooking the rib roast. Alternatively, preheat a grill.nNext, pour the seasoning into a shallow pan and dip or roll the meat in it, making sure to completely cover all sides. Quickly sear the meat to seal in the flavorful juices and then raise the pit screen to prevent burning while slowly cooking the meat to your desired doneness. When the meat is finished cooking, remove it from the pit and let it rest 10 to 20 minutes before slicing and serving.nCombine all ingredients in proportions according to your taste. Use the seasoning to sprinkle on meat or roll large pieces of meat into seasoning in a shallow tray., ingredients: [2 ounces Suzie Qs Santa Maria Style Seasoning, recipe follows, 1 4 to 5pound beef rib roast, prime or choice grade, Salt, Black pepper, Garlic powder, Parsley, minced, Sugar], title: Original Santa Maria Style BBQ, picturelink: cod.ts9b6m96pXvl7gOhLE.E9HjmpL.}, 12352: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, cut together the topping ingredients with 2 knives until they are well combined and crumbly. Be sure the butter is evenly distributed in the mixture. If desired, freeze for up to 3 months, or use immediately.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees. In another large mixing bowl, combine the sugar and the tapioca and toss until evenly mixed. Add the pears and toss until they are evenly coated with the mixture. Mix in the raisins. Turn the fruit mixture into a 10 x 2 inch deep round baking dish, preferably glass. Sprinkle the crumb mixture evenly over the top and bake the crisp for 15 minutes, then turn the oven down to 375 degrees. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes more, or until the topping is golden. Cool on a rack for 10 minutes, then serve warm accompanied by a dollop of Crema, if desired.nWhisk the cream and the buttermilk together in a bowl. Cover and set in a warm place a gas oven with just the heat from the pilot light is fine for 8 hours. Crema may be kept in the refrigerator for as long as a week., ingredients: [1 14 cups all purpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, packed, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12 inch cubes, 34 cup sliced unpeeled almonds, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 cup sugar, 2 12 tablespoons tapioca, 6 medium ripe pears about 3 pounds, sliced, 1 cup golden raisins, Crema, for serving recipe below optional, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup buttermilk], title: Pear and Golden Raisin Crisp, picturelink: null}, 12353: {instructions: Start by making the dough, combining the flour, butter, salt and the water. Lightly mix together, just mixing until the dough comes together, being careful not to overmix. Wrap in plastic and set aside in the refrigerator for 30 minutes or more.nTo make the filling, start by cleaning the artichoke, removing the tough outside leaves and the fuzzy choke from the center. Slice the artichoke 14inch thick, preheat a skillet over moderatehigh heat with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and saute the artichokes, lightly browning on both sides. Season lightly with salt and pepper and add the wine and stock. Cook until the liquid has evaporated. Remove the artichokes from the pan, put the butter and remaining olive oil in and saute the mushrooms over high heat. Lightly season with salt and pepper, when the mushrooms are lightly brown, remove them from the pan. Add the pancetta until lightly brown, remove from the pan. In a separate bowl, beat together the eggs, cream, milk, and salt and pepper to taste.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees. Roll out the dough to 18inch thickness. Take a 9inch springform pan, lightly butter the pan, line the pan with the dough. Fill the pan with the artichokes, mushrooms, pancetta and the caciocavallo cheese, pour over the eggcream mixture. Bake for 30 minutes, or until the mixture is set and the pastry is golden brown. You can serve it hot or cold., ingredients: [2 14 cups of presifted allpurpose flour, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, Pinch of salt, 13 cup ice water, 4 medium sized artichokes, 3 12 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 2 tablespoons chicken stock or substitute water, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 pound white mushrooms, sliced, 2 ounces Pancetta, diced 14inch size, 2 whole eggs, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup whole milk, 3 12 ounces shredded caciocavallo cheese or substitute mozzarella], title: Crostata di Carciofi e Funghi Tart of Artichoke, Mushroom, and Caciocavalla Cheese, picturelink: null}, 12354: {instructions: Cut cucumber in half lengthwise and grate into a medium mixing bowl. Add yogurt, sour cream, lemon juice, and 1 tablespoon Greek seasoning. Stir to combine.nSeason with salt and pepper.nRefrigerate for at least 1 hour. Serve with toasted pitas chips.nPita Chips:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray baking sheet with olive oil cooking spray set aside.nCut each. pita bread into 8 triangles. Place on baking sheet, in a single layer. Lightly spray with cooking spray and sprinkle with remaining 2 teaspoons Greek seasoning. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove from oven let cool., ingredients: [1 medium hot house cucumber, 1 cup fatfree plain yogurt, 1 cup fatfree sour cream, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons Greek seasoning, divided, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 wholegrain pita pockets recommended: Thomas Sahara], title: Cucumber Yogurt Dip with Pita Chips, picturelink: Fy.hRwkdM4yTCka9.hcrG3V0ysmNzW}, 12355: {instructions: Crush ginger and thyme with wooden spoon in 1quart glass measuring cup. Stir in Pure Leafu2122 Not Too Sweet Peach Tea. Strain and serve in icefilled glasses. Garnish, if desired, with additional ginger and thyme.nFor a pitcher, simply double the recipe.nFor a cocktail version, simply add u00bc cup bourbon whiskey., ingredients: [3 slices fresh ginger, about 18inch thick, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bottle Pure Leafu2122 Not Too Sweet Peach Tea], title: PeachyGinger Tea Thyme, picturelink: ThoOEUZ1U1r9mVhBA2DvUYSnLMA8joC}, 12356: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly butter a 4quart rectangular baking dish.nBring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook until slightly al dente, about 7 minutes. Drain and set aside to keep warm.nWhisk the eggs in a large bowl until frothy. Add the butter, Velveeta, and 1 cup of the halfandhalf. Add the warm macaroni and toss until the Velveeta has melted and the mixture is smooth. Add the remaining 2 cups halfandhalf, 1 12 cups of the yellow cheddar, the remaining cheeses, the salt, and the pepper. Toss until completely combined.nPour the mixture into the prepared dish, and bake for 30 minutes. Sprinkle with the remaining 1 cup yellow cheddar and bake until golden brown on top, about 30 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for the baking dish, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 6 large eggs, at room temperature, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup 4 ounces cubed Velveeta cheese, 3 cups halfandhalf, at room temperature, 2 12 cups 10 ounces grated sharp yellow cheddar cheese, 1 cup 4 ounces grated extrasharp white cheddar cheese, 34 cup 3 ounces shredded mozzarella cheese, 12 cup 2 ounces grated Asiago cheese, 12 cup 2 ounces grated Gruyere cheese, 12 cup 2 ounces grated Monterey Jack cheese, 12 cup 2 ounces grated Muenster cheese, Pinch kosher salt, or to taste, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper], title: Delilah Winders SevenCheese Mac and Cheese, picturelink: MuYMpbASeG1lmUzggFGYXvlF7Tm50zu}, 12357: {instructions: Spread peanut butter side to side, evenly on 1 side of each piece of bread. Slice banana in 34inch slices and place on 1 piece of bread with peanut butter. Banana slices should be close together, and cover 1 side completely usually 9 slices. Top with the other slice of bread.nHeat butter in saute pan on medium heat. Place sandwich in pan and brown for approximately 3 to 5 minutes or until golden brown. Add 2 ounces of butter to the pan and flip sandwich to other side and continue cooking for 2 to 5 minutes or until golden brown and peanut butter is melting. Cut into quarters and serve very hot., ingredients: [4 ounces whole peanut butter, 2 slices Texas Toast or 12inchthick bread, 1 whole ripe banana, 4 ounces whole butter], title: Peanut Butter and Banana Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 12358: {instructions: Carefully remove the pie from the aluminum tin and place it on a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Lay another piece of parchment paper over the pie place your hand on top of the pie to stabilize it. Insert 10 wooden pop sticks into the side of the pie at equal intervals, sticking them through the crust and about 2 inches into the filling. If the crust starts to crack, pierce it first with a knife before inserting the sticks.nCut the pie into 10 wedges, with a stick in the middle of each wedge. Return to the freezer until rock hard, about 1 hour.nMelt the chocolate: Bring a deep saucepan of water to a boil over medium heat. Set a heatproof bowl on top do not let the bowl touch the water. Once the water boils, turn off the heat and add twothirds of the chocolate to the bowl. Stir constantly with a rubber spatula until the chocolate is melted. Transfer the melted chocolate to a quartsize container, such as a clean large yogurt or takeout container. Add the remaining chopped chocolate and puree with an immersion blender until smooth and shiny, 5 to 7 minutes. You can also stir vigorously with a whisk.nLine a baking sheet with heavyduty foil shiny side up or plastic wrap. Working quickly, hold a wedge of pie by the stick and dip it in the chocolate. Let the excess drip off, then lay the pie pop on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining wedges. Freeze the pops at least 15 minutes, or until ready to serve.nPhotograph by Mark Peterson, ingredients: [1 frozen 9inch Key lime pie, 2 pounds semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped], title: ChocolateDipped Key Lime Pie Pops, picturelink: Nm6yRaaChvUCxaL8YocX1X9MyFg.1wm}, 12359: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring 12 cup water to a boil. Add the honey to the boiling water, then chill.nAdd the cooled honey syrup to a pitcher with the apricot nectar, lemon juice and sparkling apple juice. Serve over ice with lemon slices to garnish., ingredients: [12 cup honey, 2 cups apricot nectar, Juice of 2 lemons, One 25.4ounce bottle sparkling apple juice, such as Martinellis, Lemon slices, for garnish], title: Honey Punch, picturelink: null}, 12360: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a large, deep skillet 12 way with water. Bring the water to a steady simmer and add the sausages. Poach the sausages for 6 to 7 minutes, until firm.nDrain the sausages and slice into bitesize pieces. In a large skillet, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil. When hot, add the sausage and cook until brown. Drain off the fat and add the balsamic vinegar. Simmer until vinegar is reduced and syrupy. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 sweet Italian sausages, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup balsamic vinegar], title: Venetian Sausage Bites, picturelink: VF3TKYGSgHJ0uFtudMgVSw90cWEnXm}, 12361: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace each type of ingredient in a separate small bowl and line up bowls on a table or countertop thats within reach for all the kids.nUsing ageappropriate skewers kebab skewers, disposable wooden skewers, coffee stirsticks or straws, have each kid personalize their own totem pole by adding ingredients of their choice onto the skewer. Make colorful patterns see who can fit the most ingredients onto their totem pole count pieces as each is added. Dip totem poles in Italian dressing and eat, ingredients: [2 cups tortellini cheese, meat, vegetable  your choice, cooked, drained and cooled, 12 pound mozzarella cheese bocconcini or cut into 1inch cubes, 1 cup cherry or grape tomatoes, 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 celery stalks, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 cup artichoke hearts, drained and rinsed, 34 cup black olives, pitted, 12 cup cucumber peeled and sliced into 12inch pieces, 12 cup roasted red peppers, cut into 112inch pieces, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 14 cup pepperoni slices, 14 cup Italian dressing], title: Tortellini Totem Poles, picturelink: I4IURl.XpHCa5Y9XQBz6K.IEHhyDfa}, 12362: {instructions: Finely grate the zest of the lemon, lime and orange into a medium bowl. Squeeze in the juice of each fruit. Add the chili powder, adobo seasoning and olive oil whisk to combine. Add the chicken and coat well with the marinade cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or overnight.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh. Grill the chicken breasts until cooked through, about 8 minutes per side, turning once. Move the chicken to the cooler side of the grill or reduce the heat on the stove and top each piece with 1 tablespoon salsa and 1 slice cheese. Cover and cook until the cheese melts, 1 to 2 minutes. Place a chicken breast on each roll bottom add a few slices of avocado and cover with the roll top. Serve with more salsa, if desired.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [1 lemon, 1 lime, 1 orange, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon adobo allpurpose seasoning, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 6 6ounce skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 34 cup fresh tomato salsa, plus more for serving, 6 slices pepper jack cheese about 8 ounces, 6 challah rolls or other soft rolls, halved, 1 Hass avocado, sliced], title: John McCain Chicken Queso Burger, picturelink: ZCLFpbD4F5ocuvxWe6g83w1P8ZiN0Zu}, 12363: {instructions: To a blender, add 12 cup of milk, 12 cup of coffee, 14 cup of syrup, and the cinnamon. Puree to combine ingredients. Add 1 pint ice cream and blend until smooth. Pour into 2 frosted fountain glasses or tall glasses and garnish with swirls of whipped cream, an extra pinch of cinnamon, and some chocolate savings and serve. Repeat to make 2 more shakes., ingredients: [1 cup cold milk, 1 cup strong black coffee, regular or decaf, 12 cup chocolate syrup, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 pints coffee flavor ice cream, Whipped cream in spray canister, garnish, Chocolate shavings, garnish], title: Mochaccino Shakes, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 12364: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSet up grill for direct cooking over high heat. Oil grill grate when ready to start cooking.nPlace a large skillet on a grill or side burner and add butter. When butter has melted, add onions. Cook until softened, about 10 minutes. Add beer and cover cook an additional 10 minutes.nRemove cover from skillet and let simmer until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 5 minutes.nTurn the heat on the grill down to medium. Place brats on oiled grill grates and cook 4 to 5 minutes per sidenServe brats hot on toasted rolls smothered with onions and topped with mustard.nINDOOR: In a large skillet over medium heat melt butter add brats and brown 10 minutes, turning them occasionally as they brown. Remove the brats and set aside. Add the onions and cook for 10 minutes, stirring frequently until softened. Pour in the beer and scrape up any brown bits in the bottom of the pan. Return the brats to the pan and cook over medium heat for 15 minutes or until beer has all but evaporated., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 2 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 yellow onion, thinly sliced, 1 12ounce bottle beer, 8 beef and Cheddar brats recommended: Hillshire Farms, 8 dark rye sesame rolls, Stoneground mustard], title: Wisconsin Beef and Cheddar Brats with BeerBraised Onions, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 12365: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 150 degrees F 65 degrees C.nSpread the lemon and orange zest on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Let dry in the oven, about 1 hour. Using a spice grinder, reduce the zest to a fine powder. Set aside.nMix the port, raspberries, orange liqueur and peaches in a big mason jar. Keep in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nRim tall serving glasses with the zest powder. Pour the sangria into the glasses, filling them onethird of the way full. Add the frozen grapes and top with the sparkling wine., ingredients: [Zest of 3 lemons, Zest of 3 oranges, 2 cups500ml white port, 1 cup250ml raspberries, 12 cup125ml orange liqueur, such as Triple Sec, 1 or 2 peaches, peeled, halved and diced, 1 cup250ml Corinthian grapes, frozen, 1 bottle750ml sparkling white wine], title: White Sangria, picturelink: null}, 12366: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSpray 8 small custard cups or souffle dishes with nonstick spray. Place on baking sheet.nHeat chocolate and butter in large glass bowl resting over a pan of boiling water until butter is melted. Stir with wire whisk until chocolate is completely melted. Stir in sugar until well blended. Blend in eggs 1 at a time, so that the eggs do not cook. Stir in Hazelnut extract and flour.nDivide batter evenly among prepared and nonstick sprayed custard cups, about 23 to 34 of the way full.nBake 12 to 14 minutes or until sides are firm but centers are soft. Let stand 1 minute.nInvert cakes onto dessert dishes and top with a little hazelnut liqueur and a spoonful of nutella on each lava cake.nServe immediately, with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and chocolate shavings., ingredients: [4 ounces semisweet chocolate, 12 stick butter, 2 cups powdered sugar, 4 eggs, 1 tablespoon hazelnut extract, 34 cup allpurpose flour, Nonstick spray, 1 tablespoon hazelnut liqueur, Nutella, Vanilla ice cream, Chocolate shavings], title: Chocolate Hazelnut Lava Cakes, picturelink: UMUvl2kyeITOuew5UsWBypHipZiR2rW}, 12367: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients and mix well. Taste and adjust seasonings. Use as a sandwich filling with your favorite bread. It makes a great openfaced tuna melt by topping the tuna with cheese and putting it under the broiler for a few minutes. Or mound it on top of cooked slices of eggplant or portobello mushrooms for a breadless treat., ingredients: [2 6ounce cans solid white tuna in water, drained, 1 cup mayonnaise, 4 canned artichoke hearts, chopped, 2 scallions, chopped, white and green parts, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 1 lemon, juiced, 6 dashes hot sauce, or to taste, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Georges Artichoke Tuna Salad, picturelink: cFleKWFrvkZTQt8Exg8fCle7p9uCwW}, 12368: {instructions: Heat a heavy pot or Dutch oven over high heat. Add the extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, and the meat and brown until crispy, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the chorizo and render the fat a bit, then add the onions, garlic and chiles and season with salt and lots of black pepper, to taste. Cook for 5 to 6 minutes more to soften the onions, then add the oregano, paprika, and chili powder. Once the onions are tender add the tomato paste and stir for 1 minute. Stir in the stock, lower the heat, and simmer for a few minutes to combine the flavors. Can be cooled and refrigerated for a makeahead meal and reheated over mediumlow heat with a little extra broth or water to reconstitute. The chili also freezes well.nPut the herbs, shallots, garlic, salt and pepper, to taste, vinegar and oil in food processor bowl. Pulseprocess until finely chopped but still a loose sauce. Sauce can be made fresh or refrigerated for a few days in airtight container.nTransfer the hot chili to serving bowls and topped with Chimichurri sauce. Serve with lots of crusty warm bread. You can also top with finely chopped seeded tomatoes, if desired., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds lean ground sirloin, patted dry, 14 to 13 pound Spanishstyle chorizo, casing removed and chopped or crumbled recommended: Gaspars or Trois Petit Cochons, 1 onion, finely chopped, 4 large cloves garlic, very thinly sliced, 2 small chile peppers, red preferably, very thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 sprig fresh chopped oregano, leaves chopped or 1 teaspoon dried, scant 13 palmful, 1 rounded tablespoon smoked sweet paprika, a slightly mounded palmful, 1 rounded tablespoon ground arbol or ancho chili powder, a slightly mounded palmful, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups beef stock, 1 cup packed herbs, coarsely chopped, including any mixture of: parsley, thyme, rosemary, oregano, basil or cilantro leaves, 2 large shallots or 1 small onion, chopped, 1 large clove garlic, grated or finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, About 14 to 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Crusty warm bread, for serving], title: Argentine Chili With Chimichurri, picturelink: 481UUG395T29Ch7MBANz0LJgOGJ7bTm}, 12369: {instructions: With a vegetable brush, clean the mussels under cold running water. Pull off and discard any beards. Discard any mussels with a broken shell or those that do not close when sharply tapped. Drain well.nIn a stainless steel or coatedaluminum wok, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic, and stirfry until the onion is wilted. Add the curry paste and turmeric, and cook, stirring, for about 1 minute, until aromatic. Add the wine, clam juice, lime leaves, and lemongrass. Bring to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Remove the limes leaves and discard.nAdd the mussels, cover the wok tightly, and steam over moderate heat for 5 minutes. The mussels will begin to open. Continue cooking until all the mussels have opened transfer those that opened to a platter and discard any that fail to open. Add the cream and cilantro leaves to the wok, and stir to blend. Pour over the mussels and serve., ingredients: [3 pounds mussels, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 medium onions, coarsely chopped, 1 head garlic, peeled and crushed, 3 tablespoons red curry paste, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 2 cups dry white wine, 2 cups clam juice, 10 Kaffir lime leaves, 4 stalks lemongrass white part only, very thinly sliced, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup loosely packed cilantro leaves], title: Steamed Mussels in Curry Broth, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 12370: {instructions: For the milk:nPlace 2 ounces of the coconut into a small mixing bowl and pour over the boiling milk. Stir to combine. Cover tightly and allow to sit for 1 hour. Transfer the mixture to the carafe of a blender and process for 1 minute. Place a tea towel over a mixing bowl and carefully pour the mixture into it. Gather up the edges and squeeze until all of the liquid has been removed. Discard the coconut. You may use the milk immediately or store in the refrigerator for up to 2 days.nFor the cream:nRepeat the same procedure as above only using 4 ounces of freshly grated coconut., ingredients: [1 coconut, see Cooks Note, 2 ounces freshly grated coconut, approximately 12 cup, 12 cup boiling 2 percent milk, 4 ounces freshly grated coconut, approximately 1 cup, 12 cup boiling 2 percent milk], title: Coconut Milk and Cream, picturelink: null}, 12371: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the sugar, cinnamon, and orange zest in a bowl. Sprinkle 12 the sugar mix on a clean work surface. Lay the puff pastry on top of the sugar and sprinkle the remaining sugar mix on top of the pastry.nUsing a rolling pin, roll the sugar into the dough, and roll the dough into an even rectangle, about 18inch thick.nWorking from the short ends of the rectangle, roll up each end of the dough to meet in the middle. Lay the rolls on top of each other and gently press to secure. Wrap the dough in plastic and let sit in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes.nCut the dough into slices that are 14inch thick. Lay the slices on 2 parchment paper or silpatlined sheet trays and bake in the preheated oven for 12 minutes. Turn the slices over and bake for another 6 to 7 minutes. When done, the cookies should be golden brown.nRemove from the oven, and cool on a rack before serving., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Zest of 1 orange, 12 17.3ounce package 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed], title: Palmiers, picturelink: yQqWwMBu.JfbeU60BLDWa3RjR2shm3e}, 12372: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the bread and filling: Using a small sharp knife, cut a 2inchlong slit in one side of each bread slice, cutting threequarters of the way through the bread and creating a pocket for the filling.nIn a medium bowl, add the piloncillo, pecans, chocolate, coffee, orange zest and cinnamon and stir until combined. Fill the pocket of each slice of bread with some of the filling.nFor the custard: In a shallow bowl, combine the milk, cinnamon, vanilla extract and eggs and whisk until combined. Dip the bread slices into the egg mixture, making sure to coat each side of the bread and allowing the egg mixture to soak in.nHeat a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add 1 tablespoon of butter and heat until it melts.nPut the raw sugar on a plate, then dip the soaked bread in it, coating both sides of each slice.nAdd some of the coated bread slices to the skillet and cook on both sides until light golden brown, about 4 minutes per side. Repeat with the remaining butter and bread slices.nServe the French toast with chopped pecans, grated Mexican chocolate and maple syrup., ingredients: [1 loaf challah bread, cut into 1 12inch slices, 1 piloncillo cone 7 12 ounces, finely grated see Cooks Note, 12 cup chopped pecans, 14 cup finely grated Mexican chocolate, 2 tablespoons ground coffee, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 to 1 cup raw sugar, 1 cup milk, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, Chopped pecans, Finely grated Mexican chocolate, Maple syrup], title: Cafe de la Olla French Toast, picturelink: AqcJRRVDPVNS456GF6v3WS0yJv00oS}, 12373: {instructions: For the Seasoning Mix: Combine the seasoning mix ingredients in a small bowl.nFor the Chicken with Tasso: Sprinkle the chicken pieces with 2 tablespoons of the seasoning mix and rub well with your hands. In a heavy 4quart pot, preferable nonstick, heat the olive oil over high heat until it begins to smoke, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the chicken, in batches if necessary, skin sides down first, and large pieces first, and cook until the skin is brown, about 4 minutes. Turn the pieces over and cook just until the other sides are brown but the chicken is not cooked through, about 4 minutes. Remove the chicken from the pot and set aside. To the same pot add the onions, celery, peppers and all the tasso. Stir well and scrape the bottom of the pot loosen the brown bits left from the chicken. Continue to cook, stirring frequently, for 3 minutesthe colors are so bright theyre almost glowingthen add the remaining seasoning mix and the garlic. Stir well, then cover and cook for 5 minutes. Uncover and stir well, youll see that the vegetables are beginning to brown and stick slightly. Scrape the bottom of the pot to loosen any sticking material, then recover and cook for 4 minutes. At this point the vegetables are medium brown and may be sticking hard, so add 12 cup of stock and degalze the pot by scraping to loosen all the material on the bottom. Add the flour and stir until the white is no longer visible, adding a little more stock if necessary to help absorb the flour. Scrape the bottom of the pot one more time, then cover and let the mixture cook for 3 minutes. Warning: do not do this if your pot does not have a good thick bottom. A thin pot will heat too quickly and your mixture will definitely burn, so reduce the heat and watch closely to be sure that the food doesnt burn. Your cooking time may have to be a little longer to make up for using less heat. But if you do have a good heavy bottomed pot, youll discover that flour moistened with the juices from the vegetables and tasso creates a wonderful flavor when it is allowed to brown in this way. Uncover, add the remaining 2 12 cups of stock, and scrape the bottom of the pot well. Bring to a boil, return the chicken and any accumulated juices to the pot, and return the liquid just to a boil. At this time, the broth is reminiscent of gumbo, but very salty from the seasonings. Reduce the heat to medium, recover and cook, stirring and scraping the pot occasionally, until the chicken is fully cooked, about 25 minutes. Serve over rice., ingredients: [1 tablespoon salt, 2 14 teaspoons dried cilantro leaves, 1 34 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 34 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 34 teaspoons paprika, 1 14 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 34 teaspoon cayenne, 12 teaspoon ground star anise, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 1 3 12pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 2 tablespoons seasoning mix, 14 cup olive oil, 2 cups onions, chopped, 2 cups celery, chopped, 12 cup green bell peppers, chopped, 12 cup red bell peppers, chopped, 12 cup yellow bell peppers, chopped, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 12 pound tasso ham, finely diced, 3 cups chicken stock, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: Chicken with Tasso, picturelink: null}, 12374: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together and let stand in a tightly sealed container or pitcher for at least 24 hours in the refrigerator before serving., ingredients: [2 bottles red Spanish table wine, 1 cup brandy, 12 cup triple sec, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cup pomegranate juice, 12 cup simple syrup, or more to taste equal parts sugar and water, heated until sugar dissolves, cooled, Orange slices, Apple slices, Blackberries, Pomegranate seeds], title: Red Wine Sangria, picturelink: fm2jQqprFKvTVbcGRcY.2lrhUMVgi}, 12375: {instructions: Make the barley: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add the barley, and cook until tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Drain well, transfer to a medium bowl and toss with 1 tablespoon of the butter and 12 teaspoon salt. Serve warm or at room temperature. The barley can be made and refrigerated up to 2 days ahead. Microwave just enough to take the chill off, about 2 minutes, stirring about halfway through.nMake the tomatopepper sauce: While the barley cooks, blend the tomatoes, peppers, mayonnaise, tarragon, garlic and 12 teaspoon salt in a blender until creamy and smooth. Refrigerate until ready to use. The sauce can be made and refrigerated up to 2 days ahead.nMake the bacon and breadcrumbs: Put the bacon in a large nonstick skillet, and set over mediumhigh heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until golden and crispy, about 5 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat, and transfer the bacon to a papertowellined plate with a slotted spoon. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of bacon drippings, and return the skillet to mediumhigh heat. Add the breadcrumbs, and stir constantly until golden and crunchy, about 2 minutes. Transfer the breadcrumbs to a small bowl.nFry the eggs: Wipe out the skillet, and melt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter over mediumhigh heat. Once the butter begins to foam, crack all 4 eggs into the skillet, and sprinkle each with some salt. Cook the eggs until the whites have set and the yolks are still runny, about 4 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat.nBuild the bowls: Divide the barley evenly among 4 bowls. Top each with neat rows or piles of bacon, frisee, goat cheese, olives and sauce leave room for the egg. Top each with an egg, some sauce and a sprinkling of toasted breadcrumbs., ingredients: [1 cup hulled barley not pearled, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt, 1 small ripe tomato, roughly chopped, 12 small red bell pepper, seeded and roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons packed fresh tarragon leaves, 1 small clove garlic, 4 slices thickcut bacon, cut crosswise into 14inch pieces, 14 cup fresh breadcrumbs, 4 large eggs, 1 small head frisee, torn into small, bitesize pieces, 2 ounces fresh goat cheese, crumbled, 14 cup pitted kalamata olives], title: Barley Bistro Bowl, picturelink: MnEjL50kzz2HQGunqTvFUjvd3kGANi}, 12376: {instructions: Trim fish into even portions and remove any membrane, let caviar come to cool temperature in a 70 degree room approximately 12 hour. Make Beurre Fondue by boiling cream 1 minute in a 1 quart nonreactive sauce pot add salt and pepper to taste and whisk in 34 of the butter to evenly emulsify. Let sit in warm area of the range. Heat a large skillet, nonstick preferably to moderately hot, season fillets with salt and white pepper and gently dredge bone side of fish in Wondra flour, add oil to pan, lay fish in gently without crowding, bone side down and saute gently 2 to 3 minutes. Turn and continue to cook 2 minutes and add remaining butter and finish cooking 2 additional minutes. Remove from pan and drain on paper towels. While pan is still hot, wipe any brown bits and oil out with paper towels and add pea shoots, season with salt and pepper and 3 tablespoons of Beurre Fondue then return to heat and wilt until just slightly broken down. Arrange pea shoots and potato puree on 4 warm plates, lay fish over top and garnish with generous amounts of caviar, and after warming the sauce gently add lemon juice, lemon zest and chives and sauce plate.nCover potatoes in cold water, bring to a boil, add salt to taste. Simmer slowly until just done, drain very well. Boil cream and set aside. Pass potatoes through food mill, add cream, salt, pepper, and butter, to taste. Blend gently. Serve with fish., ingredients: [13 cup heavy cream, 1 stick unsalted whole butter, room temperature, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 pounds Turbot fillet, portioned into 4, can substitute very fresh halibut, 14 cup Wondra flour, for dusting, Salt and white pepper, to taste, 1 pound pea shoots, not sprouts, baby spinach or arugula may be substituted, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons finely minced chives, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 can cavair, 125 grams, 4 12 ounces, Osetra or Sevruga, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 14s, 12 cup heavy cream, Salt and pepper, to taste, 3 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature], title: Fillet of Turbot with Caviar, Pea Shoots and Mashed Yukon Gold Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 12377: {instructions: Submerge the slices of dayold Tuscanstyle bread in a bowl of water.nUse your hands to squeeze out all the water that the bread has absorbed. Break up the bread into small pieces and put into a large bowl.nSqueeze the cherry tomato juices into a small bowl before adding the tomato halves to the bread mixture.nAdd the red onion, olive oil, and red wine vinegar to the bowl.nTear up the basil leaves and toss into the salad mixture. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss well.nLet the salad rest in the refrigerator for a few hours for all the flavors to come together., ingredients: [8 slices dayold Tuscanstyle or hearty bread, 10 cherry tomatoes, halved about 23 cup, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 4 fresh basil leaves, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Panzanella: Tuscan Bread Salad, picturelink: null}, 12378: {instructions: Heat the milk, cream and nutmeg in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until steaming, 5 to 7 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and keep warm.nWhisk the egg yolks and sugar in a separate saucepan until smooth. Cook over low heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture coats a spoon and registers 160 degrees F on a thermometer, about 25 minutes. Remove from the heat and gradually whisk in the warm milk mixture. Let cool 30 minutes.nTransfer the eggnog to a pitcher, cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 3 hours and up to 1 day. Pour 1 to 2 tablespoons bourbon into each glass. Top with the eggnog and sprinkle with nutmeg.nPhotograph by Devon JarvisStudio D, ingredients: [6 cups whole milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, plus more for sprinkling, 12 large pasteurized egg yolks, 2 cups sugar, Bourbon or praline flavored liqueur optional], title: Capital Eggnog, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 12379: {instructions: Fill a large steamer or pot with about 2 inches of water. Add 1 tablespoon sea salt and bring to a boil over medium heat. Put 2 lobsters about 1 12 pounds each in the steamer basket or directly in the pot cover and steam until the shells turn bright red, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the lobsters and rinse under cold water until slightly cool. Remove the meat from the shells and roughly chop chill the meat. Mix 13 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup diced celery, and the zest and juice of 1 lemon in a bowl. Stir in the chilled lobster meat and season with salt. Divide among 4 splittop hot dog buns and top with celery leaves.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: MaineStyle Lobster Rolls With Mayonnaise, picturelink: rVQhbhLPQECSmFLIGfNjBX52XqntORC}, 12380: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nMix the cayenne, cinnamon, ginger, mustard powder, sugar and 12 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Whisk the egg white in a large bowl until frothy. Toss in the nuts, then add the spice mixture and toss until well coated.nSpread the nuts on the prepared baking sheet bake until dry, about 45 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheet.nHot:nThese nuts are a nottoospicy crowd pleaser. Cayenne, ginger and mustard powder give them mild heat.nHotter:nAdd 2 teaspoons chipotle chile powder to the spice mixture, then continue as directed.nHottest:nAdd 2 teaspoons chipotle chile powder to the spice mixture, then continue as directed. While the nuts are baking, fry 4 thinly sliced serrano chile peppers in 350 degrees F canola oil until crisp, about 30 seconds. Drain on paper towels, season with salt and toss with the nuts.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 14 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 12 cup sugar, Kosher salt, 1 large egg white, 4 cups mixed roasted salted nuts], title: Spiced Mixed Nuts, picturelink: h0jPd5MF9KFSePtkd.w2g2pGxExu}, 12381: {instructions: Butter and sugar 8 6ounce souffle dishes, including the top edge of each dish. In a medium saucepan over high heat, combine milk and vanilla bean. Bring to a boil and remove from heat. Let seep for 1 hour. Remove bean from milk, reserving for another use.nIn a medium bowl, combine flour, 13 cup granulated sugar, and salt. Add 12 cup steeped milk, whisking to combine and form a paste. Transfer paste to saucepan with milk and cook over medium heat while whisking constantly until thickened and smooth, about 5 to 8 minutes. If the mixture begins to get lumpy, remove from heat and whisk until smooth. Remove saucepan from heat.nPrepare an ice bath. Add egg yolks and vanilla extract to the flour mixture and whisk to combine. Transfer souffle base mixture to a shallow 1quart container. Cover surface directly with plastic wrap to prevent a skin from forming. Transfer to the ice bath to cool completely. Refrigerate until ready to use.nRemove souffle base from refrigerator and bring to room temperature, about 1 hour.nAdjust oven rack to the center of the oven. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, on low speed, whip egg whites with cream of tartar until foamy. Gradually add remaining 14 cup sugar while slowly increasing the speed of the mixer until it is on high. Whip until egg whites are stiff and shiny.nGently fold egg whites into the souffle base in 3 additions. Divide between prepared dishes and gently tap on each dish on the work surface and place on a baking sheet. Transfer to oven and bake until dark golden and the sides appear spongelike, about 16 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven and dust with confectioners sugar. Serve immediately with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 plus 14 cup sugar, plus more for dishes, 2 cups milk, not skim, 12 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon coarse salt, 4 large eggs separated, plus 1 large egg white, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, recipe follows], title: Vanilla Bean Souffle, picturelink: null}, 12382: {instructions: Grate zucchini on the largest holes of a grater into a colander and combine well with salt. Let zucchini drain 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Using hands, squeeze as much liquid from zucchini as possible. In a bowl stir together zucchini, onion, egg, bread crumbs, and pepper to taste until combined well. Lightly brush a 12inch nonstick skillet with oil and heat over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Drop four 18cup measures of zucchini mixture into skillet and with a spatula flatten into 14inchthick pancakes. Cook pancakes 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until golden and cooked through, transferring pancakes to an ovenproof plate. Keep pancakes warm in oven while making more pancakes in same manner.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. and grease twelve 18cup minimuffin cups about 1 34 inches across top and 34inch deep. Lightly toast walnuts and chop fine. Core and peel apple and cut into 14inch dice. Into a bowl sift together flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt. In a saucepan melt butter and stir in brown sugar. Remove pan from heat. Whisk cider and egg into butter mixture until smooth and add to flour mixture, stirring until combined well. Stir in walnuts and apple. Divide batter among muffin cups and bake 15 minutes, or until golden. Make glaze while muffins are baking: In a 2quart saucepan boil cider 15 minutes, or until reduced to about 12 cup, and pour through a sieve lined with 4 layers of cheesecloth to remove sediment. Return cider to cleaned pan and add sugar. Simmer mixture, stirring, until syrupy, about 5 minutes. While muffins are still warm, with a wooden pick make several holes in top of each muffin. Brush warm glaze over muffins several times until absorbed. Yield: 12 minimuffins, ingredients: [1 12 pounds zucchini about 3 large, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup thinly sliced red onion, 1 large egg, 34 cup coarse fresh bread crumbs, Black pepper to taste, Vegetable oil for brushing skillet, 14 cup walnuts, 12 Granny Smith or Golden Delicious apple, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons unpasteurized apple cider, 1 large egg, 2 cups unpasteurized apple cider, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar], title: Zucchini Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 12383: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the cookies: Combine the flour and salt in a bowl. Put the butter, granulated sugar and confectioners sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment beat on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes or about 6 minutes if using a hand mixer. Add the egg yolks one at a time, beating on mediumhigh speed between each addition. Add the vanilla and lemon zest and beat until combined. Add the flour mixture in 2 batches and mix until just incorporated. Divide the dough in half, wrap in plastic wrap and chill at least 1 hour.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment and lightly oil. Roll out each piece of dough between 2 sheets of parchment until 18 inch thick return the dough to the refrigerator if it softens too much. Cut into 2to4inch shapes with cookie cutters arrange 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Reroll the scraps and cut out more cookies. Sprinkle with sanding sugar. To make a design like the one above, use a potato masher, slotted spoon or spatula as a stencil. Chill the cutouts 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the cookies until lightly golden around the edges, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool 3 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the icing: Put the chocolate, shortening, corn syrup, milk, confectioners sugar and vanilla in a microwavesafe bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave on high in 30second intervals, stirring, until smooth. Tint with food coloring.nIce the cookies as desired and decorate with toppings. Transfer to the rack and let set.nThumbprints are traditionally filled with jam, but these are much more fun: Try chocolate kisses, crushed candy canes or a dollop of frosting in the center.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest preferably Meyer lemon, Vegetable oil or cooking spray, for the baking sheets, Assorted sanding sugar optional, 12 pound white or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon vegetable shortening, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons milk, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Assorted food coloring optional, Nonpareils, coconut flakes, assorted sanding sugar, crushed peppermints, sea salt andor melted chocolate, for topping], title: Sugar Cookies, picturelink: aGdQ4rC6Otl3usGCHUiy9U3ALi8kJOO}, 12384: {instructions: Bring 1 bunch thyme and 1 12 cups each sugar and water to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Let cool, then strain the syrup into an icefilled pitcher. Stir in 2 cups each fresh lemon juice and cold water. Serve over ice with thyme sprigs and lemon slices.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [], title: Thyme Lemonade, picturelink: BBdqPtfaCB1kKi0AA8dJnFwEpdd0QT6}, 12385: {instructions: Place the mustard, lemon juice, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until the vinaigrette is emulsified.nBefore serving, cut the avocados in 12, remove the seeds, and carefully peel off the skin. Cut each half into 4 thick slices. Toss the avocado slices in the vinaigrette to prevent them from turning brown. Use a large, sharp knife to slice the peel off the grapefruits be sure to remove all the white pith, then cut between the membranes to release the grapefruit segments.nArrange the avocado slices around the edge of a large platter. Arrange the grapefruit segments in the center. Spoon the vinaigrette on top, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup good olive oil, 4 ripe Hass avocados, 2 large red grapefruits], title: Avocado and Grapefruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 12386: {instructions: Bring 1 cup water, the quinoa and a pinch of salt to a simmer in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Lower the heat to mediumlow, cover and cook until the quinoa is tender and the water is absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat, and let sit, covered, for at least 5 minutes the dish can be served warm or at room temperature.nWhisk together the yogurt, lime juice, cilantro and a pinch of salt in a small bowl.nPut the cooked quinoa in a cereal bowl, and top with the yogurt mixture, beans, salsa, avocados, radishes and pepitas in neat piles or rows. Garnish with cilantro. Then take a photo, ingredients: [13 cup red quinoa, rinsed well, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons 2 percent Greek yogurt, Juice of 12 lime, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, plus leaves for garnish, 3 tablespoons drained and rinsed canned black beans, 3 tablespoons salsa, 14 small avocado, sliced, 2 radishes, cut into thin matchsticks, 1 tablespoon pepitas pumpkin seeds], title: Mexican Quinoa Breakfast Bowl, picturelink: LuoBxiokQmJkq6P0KCv1yCoQMldooly}, 12387: {instructions: To mold the swan: Use a ladle to fill a mold with white chocolate. When it is full, empty it into the bowl of chocolate. The inside of the mold should be evenly coated with chocolate. Wipe the edge of the mold clean on the side of the bowl and place it upside down on a wire rack placed over a baking sheet. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the edge clean with a paring knife. When the chocolate sets, it shrinks or retracts from the sides of the mold. A clean edge will keep it from sticking and cracking as it shrinks. You can place the mold in the refrigerator for several minutes to help the chocolate to harden. Depending on the thickness of the chocolate, you may want to repeat this step to make the swan thicker. Unmold the chocolate swan. When the chocolate has completely set, the swans are ready to fill with candy. To mold the treasure chest: Use a clean paintbrush or pastry brush to apply dark chocolate to the inside details of the mold. I painted the hinges and fasteners dark chocolate. Use a ladle to fill a mold with milk chocolate. Use the same molding technique as used in the swan. You can fill the chest with candy or any special treat. Tie it closed with a ribbon. To make the picture and frame: This technique can be used to make any painted design. I downloaded a clipart image from the internet. A simple design with a lot of color makes the best result. Place your design underneath a piece of acetate. Mix together a few tablespoons of the cocoa butter with a small amount of powdered food color. It will be easier if you use a yogurt machine to store and warm your paints. Use a finetipped paintbrush to trace the outline of the painting with a darkcolored paint. Use other paint colors to fill in the design. This will certainly remind you of paintbynumber. Use and airbrush if you want to give it an antique finish. Allow the paint to dry. Pour some white chocolate at the edge of the painted acetate. Pull the raplette through the chocolate pulling the chocolate over the painted drawing. This will spread an even 18inch thick layer of chocolate over the painting. When the chocolate begins to set, use a sharp paring knife to cut the paint canvas to the finished size of the painting. Let this cool until the chocolate sets. When the chocolate has set completely, simply peel off the acetate. Use a brush dipped in dark chocolate to brush a very light layer of dark chocolate over the relief of the picture frame mold. Use a ladle or cornet filled with white chocolate to fill the mold with white chocolate. When the chocolate sets, unmold the picture frame. The dark chocolate will leave an antique effect. Use tempered white chocolate to glue the chocolate canvas into the frame. It is ready for display. Make the sleigh: Make a template for the sleigh skis and the sleigh bottom. You can make this any size that you like. The bottom of my sleigh measured 11 inches wide by 17 inches long. I used a wood grain tool normally used in house painting to give the sleigh the texture of wood. To make the wood grain chocolate, pour a little dark chocolate at the edge of a piece of parchment paper that measures at least 11 inches wide by 17 inches long. Use a back and forth rocking motion as you pull the wood grain tool through dark chocolate. Be sure to spread this chocolate all the way to the edge of the paper. Repeat the process until the paper is completely filled with the pattern. Repeat on more parchment to create enough wood grain pattern for all of the pieces in your sleigh.nUse an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered milk chocolate over all of the pieces that have the dark chocolate wood grain pattern. When cutting out the skis, use a paring knife to cut through the chocolate while tracing around the template. When the chocolate has set completely, remove the excess chocolate. When the chocolate is set, peel off the parchment. Make the sleigh handle: Roll parchment paper into a tight roll that is about 12inch in diameter. Use a cornet filled with milk chocolate to fill the roll. Be sure to pinch the bottom to keep the chocolate from escaping. Set aside until the roll has set. When the chocolate is hard, remove the parchment paper. Use a hot knife to cut the sleigh handle to the size that will fit onto your sleigh. Assemble: Lay a ski patternside down on the work surface. Place tempered milk chocolate in a large cornet and trim the tip. Draw a line of chocolate along the edge of the sleigh bottom. Position the sleigh bottom onto the ski. Draw a line of chocolate on the other edge of the sleigh and position the other ski on top. When the chocolate sets, stand the sleigh upright. Use tempered milk chocolate to glue the sleigh handle into place. The sleigh is ready for any display. Make the Dressy Gift box: To make the strips on the top, you can use a tiling spatula with square teeth cut from it. My box measured 7 inches wide by 10 inches long. Use an offset spatula to spread a 18inchthick layer of tempered milk chocolate over a sheet of acetate. Pull the slotted spatula through the chocolate along the longest side. This will leave long straight lines. When the chocolate begins to set, use an offset spatula to spread a 18inchthick layer of tempered white chocolate over strips, being careful not to press into the milk chocolate strips. Let the chocolate set completely. To make the base, use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered dark chocolate over a sheet of parchment paper. Use a paring knife to cut a rectangle that measures 7 inches wide by 10 inches. Then cut 2 strips that measure 612 inches long and 1 12 inches wide. Cut 2 more strips that measure 912 inches long and 112 inches wide. When the chocolate has set completely, remove the base and strips. Use tempered chocolate to glue the strips onto the base to form a box. Place the strips just inside the edge of the base. Make the box decorations: Use white modeling chocolate to make the tie, collar, pocket and pocket square. I colored some modeling chocolate red for the pocket square. Get creative and have fun. Dust the work surface with cornstarch. Use a rolling pin to roll out the white modeling chocolate until it is about 18inch thick. Use a paring knife to cut out the details of the shirt or blouse. Place the pieces on top of the striped chocolate box top. If you are inspired to do so, paint some patterns on the tie. When the chocolate has set completely on all of the pieces, the box is ready to be filled with any treat. Simply fill the box and cover with the top piece. SOURCES: Chocolate Melter: Demarle New Jersey, Demarle.com Chocolate Cold Spray: PCB in France 011 33 0388 587333 Swan mold: Tomric Plastics Treasure chest mold: Tomric Plastics Wood grain tool: hardwarepaint store Grout spatula for tiling: hardware Modeling chocolate: Beryls, ingredients: [5 pounds white chocolate, tempered, 5 pounds bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 8 pounds milk chocolate, tempered, Cocoa butter, Powdered food coloring as desired, Modeling chocolate, white], title: Chocolate Swan, Treasure Chest, Picture Frame, Chocolate Sleigh, and Dressy Chocolate Box, picturelink: null}, 12388: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the butter or shortening and sugar in a large bowl until fluffy. Beat in the egg and the brandy. Beat in the salt. Add the flour and beat until blended. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and knead until a soft dough forms. Form the dough into a ball. Divide the dough into 4 equal pieces. Shape the dough pieces into balls. Wrap the dough balls with plastic wrap and refrigerate 30 minutes.nWorking with 1 dough ball at a time, roll the dough ball into a 12inch diameter round the dough should be very thin and almost transparent. Using a fluted pastry cutter, trim the edges to form a square shape. Cut the dough into 1inch strips. Cut each strip in half crosswise to form 5inchlong strips. Gently stretch the strip gently so that you have enough dough to tie a bow. Repeat with remaining dough strips. Gather the dough scraps, then reroll and cut them to make additional bowtie pastries.nLine a baking sheet with paper towels. Heat the oil in a large heavy frying pan over medium heat to 375 degrees F. Working in batches, fry the pastries until they puff and become golden, turning once, about 2 minutes total. Using tongs, transfer the pastries to the paper towellined baking sheet to drain the excess oil. While still hot, dust the pastries generously with confectioners sugar and serve.nThe pastries can be made 2 days ahead. Store in an airtight container at room temperature., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter or vegetable shortening, 14 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 14 cup brandy, grappa or amaretto, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 cups olive oil, for deep frying, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Venetian Carnival Fritters Frappe, picturelink: emOQUZYycKyyv1j5MERevV5XXZ6WEy}, 12389: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: an 8inch square baking dish a meat grinder with 12inch grinder plate attachmentnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter the baking dish.nPut 3 tablespoons butter and the flour in a medium saucepan and cook, stirring, until the mixture begins to brown and thicken, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the milk. Bring the mixture to a simmer over high heat and cook, stirring, until thickened, 5 to 6 minutes. Set aside.nPut the egg yolks in a large bowl. Using a 12inch grinder plate attachment, feed the ham through the grinder, allowing it to fall into the bowl with the yolks. Stir in the thickened milk mixture and all but 1 tablespoon of the breadcrumbs until combined.nBeat the egg whites to stiff peaks using an electric hand mixer, and then fold them into the ham mixture. Transfer the mixture to the baking dish. Sprinkle the top with the remaining tablespoon of breadcrumbs. Bake until firm and golden brown, about 30 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 cups milk, 3 eggs, separated, 1 pound ham, cut into chunks for grinding, 12 cup dried bread crumbs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grammy Tabors Rule For Ham Soufflu00e9, picturelink: iQoYj5M2wV8jsFVzL2m9cST45jZPxu}, 12390: {instructions: First thing to do is steam the artichokes in a flavorful broth. Put the parsley, garlic, bay leaves, wine, and 1 of the halved lemons in a wide pot, add 2 quarts of water, and bring to a simmer. Season the broth with salt and pepper. In the meantime prepare the artichokes.nWash the artichokes under cold water. Using a paring knife, trim the bottom end of the stem and shave the stem down to expose the tender, inner part of the artichoke. Snap or cut off the outer petals until you reach the pale green, soft leaves in the center. Cut 1inch off the top of the artichoke. Repeat with the remaining artichokes.nPlace the artichokes in the steaming liquid. Cover and simmer on mediumlow for about 20 minutes, or until there is no resistance when a knife is inserted into the base. Remove the artichokes from the poaching liquid with tongs. Using a spoon, carefully scoop out the hairy choke from the center and discard. Try and keep the artichoke intact as best you can, it looks great for presentation.nPlace a large deep skillet over medium heat and coat with 2 tablespoons of the oil. When the oil is hot, add the sausage and cook for 5 minutes to render out the fat and brown the sausage slightly they should not be fully cooked through. Take the sausage out of the pan and slice it up. Cut the tomatoes in half and then squeeze them into a bowl to hand crush drizzle with a couple of tablespoons of oil and a pinch of salt. Toss the sausage slices back into the pan and pour in the tomatoes, along with any juice that has accumulated in the bowl. Cook for 3 minutes until the tomatoes start to break down and soften. Now its time for the artichokes to go in there. Nestle these little beauties into the sausage and tomato mixture season with salt and pepper. Add the butter and let it melt, give a squeeze of lemon juice to brighten the flavor, and serve., ingredients: [1 handful fresh flatleaf parsley, plus some chopped for garnish, 4 garlic cloves, 2 bay leaves, 14 cup dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, 2 lemons, halved, 2 quarts water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 whole artichokes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound chicken sausages, 3 vineripened tomatoes, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Artichokes with Sausage and Tomato, picturelink: null}, 12391: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add all the ingredients and shake well. Strain the mixture into a martini glass and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 34 ounces raspberry vodka recommended: Stoli Razberi, 2 ounces pineapple juice, Dash Triple Sec, Dash grenadine], title: Sunset Martini, picturelink: null}, 12392: {instructions: u00a92010 Publix Super Markets, Inc., ingredients: [CorianderCrusted Fish:, 3 tablespoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 4 fish fillets salmon, tuna, or swordfish 1 12 lb, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Chickpea Artichoke Salad:, 12 cup canned quartered artichokes, finely chopped, 14 cup red onion, finely chopped, 1 bag baby arugula leaves 45 oz, 12 cup canned chickpeas garbanzos, drained and rinsed, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 13 cup olive oil, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon pepper], title: CorianderCrusted Fish with Chickpea Artichoke Salad, picturelink: l0V6B20CZVzqMpWJsOzXMgLSj3H2i}, 12393: {instructions: Place cauliflower in a large microwavesafe bowl, and pour 13 cup water over it. Cover and microwave until soft, 6 to 8 minutes. Once the bowl is cool enough to handle, drain any excess water, if needed.nPut 2 cups cauliflower in a blender or food processor and set the rest aside. Add the mayonnaise, sour cream, Dijon mustard, ranch dressing or dip mix, nondairy creamer, and 14 teaspoon salt. Puree or pulse until blended. Dont worry if the puree isnt completely smooth. Set aside.nTo the bowl with the remaining chopped cauliflower, add the onion, celery, egg whites, chives, dill, 2 tablespoons parsley, and rice vinegar. Add the pureed mixture and lightly stir to coat.nChill for several hours before serving. Garnish with paprika and additional parsley, if using. Mmmmm, ingredients: [1 large head cauliflower, chopped, 1 12 cups fatfree mayonnaise, 12 cup fatfree sour cream, 3 tablespoons creamy Dijon mustard recommended: Best FoodsHellmanns Dijonnaise, 12 envelope dry ranch dressingdip mix, 2 tablespoons fatfree nondairy liquid creamer, Salt, 1 cup diced red onion, 2 celery stalks, diced, 6 hardboiled egg whites, chilled and chopped, 3 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar, 14 cup chopped chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, plus more, for serving, optional, Paprika, for serving, optional], title: I Cant Believe Its Not Potato Salad, picturelink: sUhp8geBQLnD6PegavnEwYph5q6w1i}, 12394: {instructions: Cut the salmon into cubes and chop, but not too finely. In a glass bowl combine the salmon, red pepper, green onion, mint and mayonnaise. Bind the mixture with the egg and breadcrumbs then season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate the mixture so it is easier to shape into cakes.nWhen you are ready to eat, season the flour mixture with salt and pepper. Shape the salmon mixture into four cakes. Heat 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil in a large nonstick 12 inchskillet. Lightly dredge each salmon cake in flour and cook, adjusting heat as necessary and turning once, anywhere from 5 to 10 minutes, depending upon how well cooked you like your fish to be. The less time they cook, the moister they will be. Set each salmon cake on a warm bun garnished with the mayonnaise, arugula and tomatoes. Eat as open an faced sandwich with a knife and fork Serve with steamed zucchini or yellow squash salad., ingredients: [1 pound fresh salmon, picked over for bones very cold, 14 cup seeded and minced red bell pepper, 14 minced green onion, 2 tablespoons minced fresh mint, 14 cup mayonnaise low fat is acceptable, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 14 or more cup soft fresh white breadcrumbs, Flour for dredging, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Salt and pepper, Egg rolls, cut in half toasted and lightly buttered, Sliced tomatoes, arugula, Mayonnaise optional], title: Chopped Fresh Salmon on a Bun, picturelink: null}, 12395: {instructions: Peel the potatoes and cut them in 1inch chunks. Place them in a large, deep saucepan, cover with water, and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes, until very tender. Drain and return the potatoes to the saucepan.nMeanwhile, heat the halfandhalf and butter in a small saucepan over medium heat until the butter melts. Off the heat, add the truffle butter and allow it to melt. If the butter doesnt melt completely, heat the mixture slightly but dont allow the truffles to cook With a hand mixer, beat the hot potatoes in the pot until they are broken up. Slowly beat in most of the hot truffle cream, the Parmesan, 2 12 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper and beat until the potatoes are thick and smooth. You may have some truffle cream left over  reserve it for reheating.nTo keep the potatoes hot or to reheat them, place them in a heatproof bowl set over a pot of simmering water. Heat slowly, adding more truffle cream if the potatoes get too thick. Season to taste and serve hot., ingredients: [2 12 pounds large Yukon Gold potatoes, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, 3 ounces white truffle butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Truffled Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: tKcqYZxfESSNlidG1jcksiB1xfWR6}, 12396: {instructions: Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Place eggs in a medium bowl. Place panko in another bowl. Dip chicken first in eggs, then in panko.nHeat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. When oil is hot, add chicken to pan and cook until browned on all sides, about 6 minutes total. Remove chicken with slotted spoon and drain on paper towels.nIn large bowl, toss greens, onion, pears, and cheese. Add just enough dressing to coat well. Arrange greens on 6 plates. Top with chicken tenders and Sugared Pecans. Drizzle with additional dressing and pass remainder.nAdd all ingredients, except oil, to a blender container. Blend until well combined. With the motor running, slowly add oil and blend until creamy. Transfer to a small bowl. Cover and store in the refrigerator if making ahead of time.nCarefully melt sugar in a medium frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Stir in cayenne pepper, salt and pecans. Stir until nuts are well coated, then transfer to a plate lined with wax paper coated with cooking spray. When cool, break into pieces. Store in an airtight container if making ahead of time., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken tenders, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 cups panko, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 bags 10 ounces each mixed baby greens, 1 cup thinly sliced red onion, 4 Bosc pears, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 cup Danish blue cheese, crumbled, Dressing, recipe follows, Sugared Pecans, recipe follows, 12 cup chopped pecans, 14 cup maple syrup, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup pecans, lightly toasted], title: Crispy Chicken Salad with Sugared Pecans, Pears and Blue Cheese, picturelink: XDJcKHy8Q4ulahbRWo90ydzV51EbUC}, 12397: {instructions: Special equipment: 5inchlong and 3inchwide copper piggy cookie cutternCombine butter, sugar, and molasses in a stand mixer with the paddle attachment until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together the remaining dry ingredients in a separate bowl. Add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture in increments, and continue to beat until thoroughly mixed together.nPour the dough out onto the countertop and divide into 3 pieces. Press each piece into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap. Place in the refrigerator and chill for 1 to 2 hours, or up to 3 days.nAdjust the racks to the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line sheet trays with parchment paper.nSpread 2 large pieces of parchment paper out and very lightly flour them. Place a disk of dough between the parchment sheets and roll out to 14inch thickness. Repeat with the remaining disks of dough. Rework all the scraps into balls and rechill before reusing. Repeat with all the dough.nCut out cookies and place on the parchmentlined sheet trays with an offset spatula, leaving 1 inch between each cookie. Bake the cookies for 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on the sheet trays for 5 minutes, and then transfer to a cooling rack to continue cooling to room temperature before decorating the cookies with Royal Icing.nAdd the egg whites, sugar and lemon juice to a large bowl. Beat, using a hand mixer, until glossy and stiff, 5 to 6 minutes. Add food coloring, if using, and mix well. Place in icing bags with fine tips to decorate cookies., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup mild molasses, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 2 teaspoons ground allspice, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Royal Icing, recipe follows, 2 egg whites, 3 cups confectioners sugar, whisked to remove lumps, Juice of 12 lemon, Food coloring, optional], title: Spiced Gingerbread Piggies, picturelink: lghrUo.QT9WzA6KPfIOe4cT6lGNjvgS}, 12398: {instructions: Put the beans and onions in a saucepan and heat over mediumhigh heat until it bubbles. Add ketchup, mustard, and brown sugar. Heat another 5 minutes. When ready to serve, sprinkle the pork meat across the top.nEnjoy, ingredients: [1 28ounce can baked beans recommended: Bushs Baked Beans, 14 small onion, diced, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoon spicy mustard, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 cup chopped or pulled pork shoulder meat], title: Butchs Baked Beans, picturelink: null}, 12399: {instructions: Heat grill to mediumhigh. Rub coriander over steak. Toss blackberries with 12 teaspoon oil on two sheets of foil seal to form a packet.nGenerously season steak with salt and pepper. Grill steak, corn, and blackberries, turning steak and corn occasionally, for 10 to 12 minutes for mediumrare steaks, charred corn, and tender berries. Let steak rest while preparing salad.nLet the berries cool in their juices. Cut kernels off corn cobs. Whisk soy sauce, lemon juice, remaining 3 tablespoons oil, and juices from the berry packet in a large bowl. Add endive, onion, greens, corn, and berries toss well. Divide among serving plates.nCut steak along grain into 3inchwide strips, then cut against grain into 12inch slices. Scatter over salads and drizzle any meat juices on top., ingredients: [2 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 1 34pound flank steak, 6 ounces blackberries, Kosher salt and black pepper, 3 tablespoons plus 12 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 ears corn, shucked, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 large endive, sliced, 14 red onion, very thinly sliced, 5 ounces baby greens], title: Flank Steak Salad with Grilled Corn and Blackberries, picturelink: k.xcSli6xJUXc4iFzPwvoi4egQIfIW}, 12400: {instructions: Set aside 2 tablespoons of the butter in the refrigerator. Heat the remaining butter in a large soup pot over medium heat. Add the onion, leeks, and garlic and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 12 minutes. Raise the heat to high, pour in the vermouth, and cook, uncovered, until almost dry, about 4 minutes.nAdd the potatoes, water, and salt. Tie the parsley, thyme, and bay leaf together with a piece of kitchen twine and add to the soup. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer, covered, until the potatoes are very tender, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to cool.nWhen the potato mixture has cooled, remove and discard the herb bundle. Working in batches, transfer the mixture to a blender and puree until smooth, or puree with an immersion blender. Return the puree to the pot and reheat over medium heat.nWhisk in the reserved 2 tablespoons butter, heavy cream, and lemon juice into the soup and season with pepper, to taste. Divide among warm soup bowls, garnish with the chives, and serve immediately.n, ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 3 leeks white part only, thinly sliced and well rinsed, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup dry white vermouth, 1 14 pounds waxystyle potatoes about 8, peeled and quartered, 7 cups water, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 sprigs fresh parsley, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh chives], title: Potato and Leek Soup, picturelink: null}, 12401: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan or preheat a gas or charcoal grill.nSeason the chicken and shrimp with the dried oregano, salt and pepper. Drizzle with olive oil. Grill the chicken for 5 to 6 minutes each side until cooked through. Grill the shrimp for 1 to 2 minutes on each side until pink and cooked through.nIn a small skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and cook, stirring constantly until browned, about 6 to 8 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Set aside.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine the garlic, parsley, oregano, vinegar, extravirgin olive oil, and lemon juice. Pulse until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSlice the chicken diagonally and arrange on a large serving platter with the shrimp. Drizzle with the chimichurri and sprinkle with the pancetta., ingredients: [6 6ounce boneless and skinless chicken breast halves, 1 pound jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for drizzling, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces pancetta, cut into 14inch cubes, 3 cloves garlic, 1 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, 12 cup fresh oregano leaves or 2 tablespoons dried, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken and Shrimp with Pancetta Chimichurri, picturelink: xUww4xD8Y5CEa5teFUWinEgveng4y7e}, 12402: {instructions: Mix the yolks, vanilla, and cinnamon in a bowl. In a saucepan bring the cream, milk, and sugar to a boil. Slowly blend this with the egg yolk mixture. Pour back into pot and over low heat stirring constantly until thickened. Remove from heat and cool., ingredients: [12 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 ounce vanilla, 2 14 cups heavy cream, 34 cup milk, 6 ounces sugar], title: Creme Anglaise Sauce with Cinnamon, picturelink: null}, 12403: {instructions: Heat the broiler to high heat. Sprinkle the steak with salt and pepper, and then place under the broiler until desired doneness is reached, about 8 minutes per side.nMeanwhile, heat some olive oil in a saute pan until hot. Saute the garlic, and then add the spinach, saute until just wilted, and season with salt and pepper. Serve alongside the steak., ingredients: [1 tomahawk steak, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for sauteing, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 cups baby spinach], title: Tomahawk Steak and Sauteed Spinach, picturelink: null}, 12404: {instructions: Cut a 6inch square from a double thickness of cotton cheesecloth to make a spice bag. Pinch the cardamom pods to break. Center the cardamom, cinnamon and cloves on the cheesecloth, bring up the corners and tie closed with clean kitchen string.nIn a 3 12to6quart slow cooker, mix the cranberry juice concentrate with water according to the directions on the can. Stir in the wine and honey add the spice bag. Cover and cook on low 4 to 6 hours or on high 2 hours to 2 hours 30 minutes. Remove and discard the spice bag. Ladle the punch into glasses and garnish with cranberries and orange slices.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [8 cardamom pods, 4 4inch cinnamon sticks, broken, 12 whole cloves, 1 can about 11.5 ounces frozen cranberry juice concentrate, 4 cups merlot or other red wine, 13 cup honey, Cranberries and orange slices, for garnish], title: Cranberry Punch Pizzazz, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 12405: {instructions: Trim storebought pie dough into an 8inch square. Pulse 1 cup dried figs, 12 cup pitted dates, a pinch of cinnamon, 12 teaspoon orange zest, 1 12 teaspoons orange juice and 1 tablespoon butter in a food processor. Spread over the dough and roll into a log chill 30 minutes. Cut into 12inchthick slices and bake 12 to 15 minutes at 375 degrees., ingredients: [], title: Fig Pinwheels, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 12406: {instructions: Wash the collards thoroughly and bunch it together. Take each bunch, roll it tightly, and cut in crosswise into thin strips. Wash the strips and drain them thoroughly. Heat the oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium heat, then cook the onion and garlic, stirring them until they are lightly browned. Add the kale strips and cook, stirring for 5 minutes so that the greens are soft, but retain their bright green color. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh collard greens, 3 tablespoons pure olive oil, 1 mediumsize onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced], title: Stir Fried Collard Greens, picturelink: null}, 12407: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. To make caramel: combine the sugar and the water in a medium saucepan. Be sure all the sugar granules are washed down from the sides of the pan use a wet pastry brush. Cook over moderate heat, swirling the pan occasionally, until the color is golden brown and the mixture smells like caramel. This will take about 10 to 15 minutes. Pour the caramel into a 9 inch round cake pan and, holding the pan with an oven glove, swirl it around to generously coat the bottom and sides. Set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, gently whisk together the eggs, egg yolks, sugar, vanilla, and 2 cups of the half and half, without whisking in any air. Bring the remaining half and half and the port to a simmer in a small saucepan and begin whisking this into the egg mixture a little at a time, whisking constantly until it is all incorporated. Pour through a strainer into the prepared cake pan. Place the pan inside a large roasting pan and pour very hot tap water into the pan so that it comes halfway up the sides of the cake pan. Bake for about 1 to 1 14 hours, or until the center is slightly jiggly but not wavy. Cool to room temperature and then cover with plastic wrap with the plastic gently touching the top of the flan. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours and up to 4 days.nTo unmold the custard, run a small sharp knife around the inside edges of the dish several times to loosen it. Dip the bottom briefly in a basin of very hot tap water. Invert a round platter over the dish and turn them both over together, shaking the two a little to help release the custard or rap the bottom of the platter gently on the work surface. The caramel sauce will run out around the edges of the platter. Garnish the top of the flan with violets or other edible flowers., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 8 large eggs, 4 large egg yolks, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 1 quart half and half, 2 teaspoons port, Violets, nasturtiums, or other edible flowers, for garnish], title: Portuguese Flan, picturelink: null}, 12408: {instructions: Combine garlic, pecans, oil, sundried tomatoes, cheese and basil together in a food processor and process until smooth. Over medium heat, saute prawns in butter, or until they turn pink all over, about 4 minutes. Toss with pesto and serve., ingredients: [2 small cloves garlic, 14 cup pecans, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 heaping tablespoons oilpacked sun dried tomatoes, 2 heaping tablespoons Parmesan cheese, 12 cup basil leaves spinach will do in a pinch, 1 pound prawns, shelled and deveined, 2 tablespoons butter or oil], title: Sun Dried Tomato and Pecan Pesto with Prawns, picturelink: null}, 12409: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees.nClean asparagus by trimming lower 2 inches or so of tough asparagus bottom and peel remainder of stalk to within 2 inches of tip. Tie asparagus into small bundles for easier handling.nIn a pot, combine water, lemon juice, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil. Add asparagus and poach for 3 minutes. Drain asparagus and submerge in ice water to stop blanching process. Asparagus may be drained and held at this point for future use.nPlace drained asparagus in baking dish and drizzle with olive oil and lemon juice. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese and black pepper over asparagus and place in oven. Roast until cheese melts. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds jumbo asparagus, Water, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 cup Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper], title: Poached and Roasted Asparagus with Parmesan Cheese, picturelink: null}, 12410: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large deep skillet or pot, brown ground beef in oil over high heat. Season meat with salt and pepper, then add Worcestershire sauce. Reduce heat to medium high when the meat is browned and crumbled, then add onion, garlic, red peppers, jalapeno. Season veggies and meat with chili powder and cumin. Cook veggies and meat together 5 minutes. Stir in broth and scrape up pan drippings. Stir in diced and pureed tomatoes and black beans. When the mixture comes to a bubble, reduce heat to simmer and stir in cilantro, optional.nMix together 2 packages of corn muffin mix with 1 cup milk, 2 beaten eggs, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil and sliced scallions. Batter should be thick. Heat a nonstick skillet or griddle pan over moderate heat. Nest a pat of butter into folded paper towel and wipe hot pan surface with it to lightly grease. Pour corn cake batter into the hot griddle pan or skillet in 3 or 4inch rounds. Cook 2 or 3 minutes on each side, until golden. Transfer to a plate and repeat with remaining batter.nTo serve, top bowls of beef and black bean chili with green onion corn cake toppers. Eat the chili and corn toppers as you would a pot pie, grabbing some of the corn cake with each spoonful of chili., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef sirloin, 90 percent lean, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 4 to 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 3 tablespoons dark chili powder, 2 palm fulls, 1 tablespoon cumin, 12 palm full, 1 cup beef stock or broth, 12 a 14ounce can or paper container, 1 14 12 ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce or tomato puree, 2 15ounce cans black beans, drained, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, a handful, optional, 2 8 12ounce packages, corn muffin mix, 1 cup milk, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 tablespoons vegetable or corn oil, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, Butter, for greasing griddle pan], title: Beef and Black Bean Chili with Green Onion Corn Cakes, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 12411: {instructions: Heat the oven to 475 degrees F.nWhisk together the miso and honey in a small bowl. Lay the fish fillets in a 6 by 10inch glass baking dish and brush with the glaze. Put the dish in the oven on the middle rack and bake until the fish reaches an internal temperature of 135 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest in the dish for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons light or white miso, 2 tablespoons honey, 4 6ounce black cod or halibut fillets, 34 to 1inch thick], title: Miso Honey Glazed Fish, picturelink: null}, 12412: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the olive oil and butter to a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until caramelized, about 20 to 25 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove from the heat and allow the onions to cool.nBlend the sour cream, mayonnaise, hot sauce, garlic powder, and chives together in a medium bowl. Add the onions and stir well to blend. Taste for seasonings. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nCooks Note: This dip is best made the night before, so the flavors have time to meld.nPreheat oil in a deepfryer or Dutch oven to 350 degrees F.nMix all ingredients in a large bowl. Drop heaping tablespoonsized amounts of the mixture into the hot oil. Fry in batches for 2 to 3 minutes each. Remove from the oil to paper towels to drain and season immediately with salt and pepper Transfer to a serving platter or bowl and serve with the onion dip., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 Vidalia onions, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, Dash hot sauce, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 14 cup finely chopped chives, Shrimp Hushpuppies, for serving, recipe follows, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 34 cup selfrising flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 small onion, grated, 14 cup chives, chopped, 12 pound cooked shrimp, cleaned and tails removed, chopped, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 egg, beaten, 14 cup cheddar cheese, grated, Peanut oil, for frying], title: Shrimp Hushpuppies with Vidalia Onion Dip, picturelink: fjbiPAE0Kn.OKY5QSVVWQ0OlMUDlcdG}, 12413: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk the flour, cocoa powder, espresso powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then beat in the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture and beat until just incorporated, then beat in the hazelnuts.nDivide the dough in half and put on the prepared baking sheet. Lightly dust your hands and the dough with flour, then shape each piece into an 11by2inch log, about 5 inches apart. Freeze until firm, about 10 minutes.nTransfer to the oven and bake until puffed and set, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes on the baking sheet, then transfer the logs to a cutting board. Reduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nSlice the logs crosswise 12 inch thick. Arrange the slices cutside down on the baking sheet. Return to the oven and bake, turning the cookies halfway through, until dry, about 40 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool completely they will harden as they cool.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup blanched hazelnuts], title: MochaHazelnut Biscotti, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 12414: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F and line a baking sheet with foil. Loosen the chicken skin with your fingers rub 1 tablespoon olive oil over and under the skin. Stuff the lemon slices and garlic under the skin season the outside with salt and pepper. Transfer the chicken to the prepared baking sheet, skinside up. Roast until crisp and cooked through, about 25 minutes. Let rest 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the asparagus and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender and browned in spots, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate.nReduce the heat to medium and add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the onion and thyme to the skillet cook, stirring, until the onion is tender, about 3 minutes. Stir in the orzo and cook, stirring, until lightly toasted, 2 to 3 minutes. Add 2 12 cups water and a pinch of salt. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until the orzo is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat discard the thyme and stir in the asparagus and chives. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with the chicken and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 chicken leg quarters about 12 ounces each, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon 12 thinly sliced, 12 cut into wedges, 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 bunch thin asparagus, trimmed and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 to 3 thyme sprigs, 1 cup orzo, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: Roast Lemon Chicken with Orzo, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 12415: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce: Mix all ingredients together and set aside.nPreheat a fryer or a deep pot halfway filled with oil to 375 degrees F.nMix 1 of the packages of batter, but only use 12 the required amount of water and use beer for the remaining amount instead. Add the beer until the batter becomes almost like a heavy cream consistency.nUsing the other package of batter add salt and garlic powder, coat cod pieces with the dry mix, then dip into prepared batter. Deepfry for about 3 minutes, or until golden brown and cooked through.nPlace fried cod pieces on warmed corn tortillas, add white sauce to fish, a little shredded cabbage and a squeeze of lime, to taste., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup milk, 4 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, Oil, 2 packages Tempura Batter Mix, 1 can beer, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 24 ounces boneless cod, cut into 2inch pieces, 6 corn tortillas, 2 cups shredded cabbage, 2 limes], title: Baja Fish Tacos, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 12416: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, apple cider vinegar, mustard, Sriracha, sugar and celery seed. Season with salt and pepper. In a large bowl, combine the green cabbage, red cabbage and carrots. Pour over the dressing and mix together. Let stand for 30 minutes before serving. Season with salt and pepper if needed., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon stoneground mustard, 1 tablespoon Sriracha, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon celery seed, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 8 ounces green cabbage, finely shredded, 8 ounces red cabbage, finely shredded, 1 large carrot, peeled and grated], title: ThreeTone Power Slaw, picturelink: 6fu5iCjfyT2VzxGNcCFzh8PqJuZoN96}, 12417: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRough up the scallion slices a little with your fingers so all the little layers of the scallion whites separate. Toss the coleslaw mix or both kinds of cabbage, the red onion and scallions together in a large bowl until everything is thoroughly mixed. You can make the slaw up to this point up to a day in advance as long as you keep it refrigerated. Before serving, simply bring the slaw back to room temperature, make the dressing and toss.nStir the remaining ingredients together in a small bowl until blended, then pour over the vegetables. Serve within 1 hour of dressing or the cabbage will get wilty and sad., ingredients: [1 bunch 6 large scallions, trimmed and thinly sliced, 2 16ounce bags coleslaw mix or 1 16ounce bag each of shredded green and shredded red cabbage, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger from about a 1inch piece, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons Asian sesame oil, 2 teaspoons sesame seeds, optional, 1 teaspoon salt, 20 grinds black pepper], title: Asian Style Slaw, picturelink: tea5pxy5zPM8j3p8yMcOhke7.JyHLO}, 12418: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees.nPat the chicken breasts dry with paper towels and sprinkle them generously on both sides with salt and pepper. In a 12inch castiron skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat for 2 minutes, until it begins to smoke. Place the chicken breasts, skin side down, in the skillet and cook for 4 to 5 minutes without moving, until golden brown.nUsing tongs, turn the chicken breasts skin side up, place the skillet in the oven, and roast for 12 to 15 minutes, until the chicken is cooked through.nMeanwhile, in a medium saute pan, combine the white wine, lemon juice, and shallots and cook over mediumhigh heat for about 5 minutes, until only 2 tablespoons of liquid remain in the pan. If it reduces too much, add an extra splash of white wine or water. Add the cream, 1 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper and bring to a full boil. Remove from the heat, add the diced butter, and swirl the pan until the butter is incorporated. Dont reheat or the sauce will break Sprinkle with salt and serve the chicken hot with the sauce spooned over it., ingredients: [4 boneless chicken breasts, skin on 6 to 8 ounces each, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable or canola oil, 12 cup dry white wine, 13 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 3 lemons, 14 cup minced shallots 1 large, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, diced, at room temperature], title: Chicken with Shallots, picturelink: pCWIF5wCfeKDZ8efFTaUSI2kNvHMYO.}, 12419: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Lay a 2 12footlong sheet of aluminum foil on a baking sheet, letting the ends hang off. Lay another sheet of foil perpendicular on top. Rinse the couscous in a finemesh sieve under cold water. Mix the olive oil, paprika and 34 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a small bowl. Pile the couscous in the center of the foil toss with 12 tablespoon of the seasoned oil and spread in an 8inchsquare layer.nBrush the fish fillets on both sides with 1 tablespoon of the seasoned oil and arrange side by side on top of the couscous. Toss the lemon slices, parsley, red onion, tomatoes, garlic and the remaining 12 tablespoon seasoned oil in a bowl, then scatter evenly over the fish and couscous. Drizzle with 23 cup water, then bring the opposite ends of the foil together, fold over and crimp closed to make a sealed packet. Transfer the foil packet on the baking sheet to the oven and bake 25 minutes.nOpen the foil packet divide the fish among plates. Toss the couscous and vegetables serve with the fish. Sprinkle with the lemon juice.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 cup couscous preferably whole wheat, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 34 teaspoon smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 6ounce skinless catfish fillets, 2 lemons 1 thinly sliced, 1 juiced, 13 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley or mint, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped], title: Catfish Baked in Foil, picturelink: rHme2yXxYd1WdnqM6WPlXfE.k7rom}, 12420: {instructions: Generously butter 2 15 by 10 by 1inch baking jelly roll pans and line them with parchment paper. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nOver medium heat, melt the butter in a saucepan. Whisk in the flour, cayenne, and salt. Cook 3 to 5 minutes, stirring until the center bubbles. Remove from heat, and stir in the milk. Return to heat and cook 3 to 5 minutes more, stirring continuously, until the mixture thickens. Remove from heat.nIn a large bowl, beat the egg yolks with a wire whisk. Gradually whisk in the flour mixture beat until smooth.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the egg whites and cream of tartar until stiff peaks form. Gently fold the whites into the yolks, being careful not to overmix.nUsing rubber spatula, divide the batter between the 2 pans and spread evenly. Bake 15 to 20 minutes, until the roulade springs back when touched in the center. When completely cooled, invert the roulade sheets onto a clean surface, and discard the parchment paper.nWhip together the salmon, cream cheese, and dill, until light and fluffy. Spread the salmon mixture evenly on the surface of the roulade. Place 1 of the 15inch roulade sides in front of you. Carefully roll it toward the other 15inch side, until the width of the roulade forms a spiral of egg and filling. Cut each roulade into 10 slices. Refrigerate if not serving immediately.nSpread the roulade slices out on a greased baking tray in a single layer so that the sprial is on the top and bottom of each slice. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese. Reheat in a preheated 350 degree oven for 8 to 10 minutes. Broil for 3 to 5 minutes, until lightly browned., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups milk, 12 eggs, separated, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 12 pound smoked salmon, roughly chopped, 1 pound cream cheese, room temperature, 14 cup fresh dill, chopped, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Smoked Salmon Souffle Roulade, picturelink: null}, 12421: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPut sweet potatoes in a glass or stainless steel bowl.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Stir in brown sugar and lemon juice. When sugar is completely melted, stir in Toasted Spice Rub and gray salt. Pour mixture over sweet potatoes. Toss well.nArrange sweet potatoes in a baking dish, cut side up. With rubber spatula, scrape all the butter and spice mixture over the top of the sweet potatoes, and then add a sprinkling of Toasted Spice Rub on top of each one. Cover with foil and bake at 375 degrees F until easily pierced with a knife.nToast the fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns in a small, heavy pan over medium heat. When the fennel turns light brown, work quickly. Turn on the exhaust fan, add the red pepper flakes, and toss, toss, toss, always under the fan. Immediately turn the spice mixture out onto a plate to cool. Put in a blender with the chili powder, salt, and cinnamon and blend until the spices are evenly ground. If you have a small spice mill or a coffee grinder dedicated to grinding spices, grind only the fennel, coriander, pepper, and chili flakes. Pour into a bowl and toss with the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [4 medium sized yams, or sweet potatoes, cut in 12, 12 cup unsalted butter, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons Toasted Spice Rub, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon gray salt, 14 cup fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon peppercorns, 1 12 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 14 cup 1ounce pure California chili powder, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon], title: Yams with Toasted Spice Rub, picturelink: B9eOULXOpF7.w00RsQO9lC0HXzE56SC}, 12422: {instructions: With a heavy sharp knife, chop tuna into very small slices. In a mixing bowl, combine tuna, chives, capers, shallots, lemon juice, oil, salt and freshly ground pepper and chill for 1 hour. While tuna is chilling, prepare cucumber boats. Peel cucumber and cut into 2inch long cylinders. With a teaspoon, scoop out the seeds from inside the cucumber disk without touching the very bottom of the cucumber. In other words, leave a bottom in the hollowedout center of the cucumber. Season cucumber with salt and pepper. Fill with 1ounce of tuna tartare. Top with 18 teaspoon of caviar. Finish with a sprig of parsley., ingredients: [6 ounces sushi tuna, 1 teaspoon chopped chives, 12 teaspoon chopped capers, 1 teaspoon chopped shallots, 1 lemon, juiced, 1ounce extravirgin olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 to 6 cucumbers to make 6 cucumber boats, 1ounce American farmed black caviar, 6 parsley sprigs], title: Tuna Tartare in a Cucumber Boat topped with Caviar, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 12423: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove the woody ends of the asparagus spears trimming the spears to the same length.nBundle 3 asparagus stalks together and wrap each grouping with one slice of prosciutto, leaving the tips exposed. Drizzle the bundles with olive oil.nRoast the bundles for 10 minutes, or until the asparagus ends and the prosciutto slices are crisp.nDrizzle each prosciuttowrapped asparagus bundle with the prepared beurre blanc and serve.nBring the shallots, vinegar, and wine to a boil in a heavybottomed saucepan until the liquid is reduced to 2 tablespoons, about 5 minutes.nAdd the cream, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil for 1 minute. Reduce the heat to low and whisk in a few tablespoons butter. Continue to whisk and add a few pieces at a time of the remaining butter. Wait until each addition is incorporated before adding more butter. The sauce should remain warm, but never hot or the sauce will break.nRemove the sauce from the heat and season with salt, and pepper, to taste. If desired, strain the sauce through a sieve to remove the shallot. Discard the shallot. Serve the sauce immediately.nBeurre Rouge: Replace the white wine in the original recipe with red wine and the white wine vinegar with red wine vinegar.nBeurre Citron: Replace the vinegar and wine in the original recipe with 14 cup citrus lemon, lime, andor orange juice and add 1 teaspoon citrus zest.nLimeGinger: Replace the vinegar in the original recipe with an equal amount of lime juice and add 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger.nSaffron: Add a pinch saffron threads to the reduction., ingredients: [2 shallots, finely diced, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup dry white wine, 13 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, Beurre Blanc Variations, recipes follow], title: Asparagus Wrapped in Prosciutto with Beurre Blanc, picturelink: 0i2R4bxhsAq.MyCVhK2UemyM88Rn5Hi}, 12424: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPotstickers: In a food processor, add the shrimp, garlic, scallions, soy sauce and egg. Pulse until combined but still chunky. Remove the mixture to a bowl. To assemble the potstickers, put about 1 teaspoon of filling into the center of a wonton wrapper. Moisten the rim of the wrapper with water. Fold the dough until the ends meet and press the air out of the center towards the edges. Seal by pressing firmly. This is the simplest way.nTo make the classic pleated look: using your thumb and index finger, pinch the corner of the unsealed wonton closed. Using your other hand pull a bit of the unsealed wonton edge toward the pinched corner and pinch to make a slight pleat in the wrapper, continue to pull the loose wrapper in and pleating until you run out of space, then push the air out through the final opening and pinch together. Repeat for the rest of the wontons. You can freeze them at this point on a baking sheet first, and then transfer to a freezer bag.nDipping sauce: Stir all the ingredients together in a small serving bowl.nWhen ready to cook the potstickers, add oil to a large saute pan. When oil begins to swirl, add potstickers to the pan and cook until golden brown on 1 side. Flip and add 3 ice cubes. Immediately cover the pan to let the potstickers steam and cook through, about 3 minutes. Remove to a large platter and serve with dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 3 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 egg, 40 round wonton or gyoza wrappers, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 13 cup ponzu, 1 scallion, minced, 1 teaspoon chili sauce recommended: Sriracha, 12 teaspoon minced ginger, 12 teaspoon sugar], title: Easy Shrimp Potstickers, picturelink: 2VyPvcgNGxMUdwKJq5EUIzhmXnInRt2}, 12425: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium high. Mix the turkey, jerk seasoning, apple, 14 cup scallions and the panko in a bowl season with salt and pepper. Form into four 1inchthick patties and make a small indentation in the middle of each with your thumb to prevent it from puffing up on the grill. Refrigerate.nWhisk the mayonnaise and chutney in a large bowl. Add the cabbage, carrot and the remaining 14 cup scallions, season with salt and pepper and toss to coat.nBrush the grill with canola oil. Grill the turkey patties until browned and cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes per side.nBrush the cut sides of the buns with mayonnaise and sprinkle with jerk seasoning toast on the grill, about 30 seconds. Serve the burgers and slaw on the buns.nPer serving: Calories 504 Fat 20 g Saturated 3 g Cholesterol 51 mg Sodium 894 mg Carbohydrate 51 g Fiber 4 g Protein 36 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound ground turkey, 1 tablespoon jerk seasoning, plus more for sprinkling, 1 small green apple, peeled and grated, 12 cup finely chopped scallions, 14 cup panko Japanese breadcrumbs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup mayonnaise, plus more for brushing, 14 cup mango chutney, roughly chopped, 3 cups shredded green cabbage, 1 carrot, shredded, Canola oil, for the grill, 4 hamburger buns or challah rolls, split], title: Jerk Turkey Burgers with Mango Slaw, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 12426: {instructions: For the soup: Add 2 tablespoons olive oil to a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Once hot, add the olive oil, garlic and onion and saute until translucent.nRoast the peppers on an open flame until charred place in plastic bag to sweat remove skin and seeds. Puree the peppers and add to onions and garlic. Add the tomatoes, tomato paste, chicken base, and water bring to a simmer. Simmer for 20 minutes.nAdd basil, thyme, salt, pepper, and Cajun spice, to taste. Puree the mixture through a food mill and serve hot.nFor the cilantro cream: Place all ingredients in a food processor and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place mixture in piping bag or plastic dispensing bottle. Pipe a line on Fire Roasted Red Pepper Soup and run a toothpick through to create a design.nFor the Lime Grilled Cajun Seafood: Combine all ingredients except for seafood, mix well. Add seafood and marinate for 10 minutes prior to cooking. Cook seafood until done on grill or under broiler. Serve hot as a topping for Fire Roasted Red Pepper Soup or as a topping for pasta, salads, or as an appetizer. Some of the marinade may be served as a dipping sauce.nFor the Corn Hash: Grill or roast corn until tender. Remove corn from cob with French knife. Saute onion in olive oil and add remaining ingredients. Serve as a topping for Fire Roasted Red Pepper Soup., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, divided, 14 cup minced garlic, 12 cup diced onion, 4 pounds red bell peppers, 1 cup tomatoes, diced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 ounces chicken base, 2 cups water, 10 leaves basil, chiffonade, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cajun seasoning, to taste, about 1 tablespoon, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced chives, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, 8 U 1620count shrimp, 8 U 30count scallops, 8 ounces crabmeat, leg or lump, 8 mussels, 1 ear corn on the cob, 1 ounce onion, diced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 ounces zucchini, diced, 1 ounce red pepper, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon chiffonade fresh basil leaves], title: Fire Roasted Red Pepper Soup with Cilantro Cream and Grilled Cajun Shellfish, picturelink: null}, 12427: {instructions: Heat up the hot fudge in a microwave or a pot of boiling water. Pour 14 cup of marshmallows into each bag of graham crackers. Next, drizzle in some hot fudge, immediately close each bag, give it a shake and leave closed for a minute so the heat from the fudge can melt the marshmallows. Open and eat with a spoon., ingredients: [1 jar hot fudge, 1 cup mini marshmallows, 4 small bags mini graham crackers], title: Walking SMauros, picturelink: CkCQxL6HJE..oiu2QbfFBellD4DCidi}, 12428: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F for lightly colored pans or 300 degrees F for dark colored pans.nFor the crust: In a small bowl, toss crumbs with melted butter. Press onto bottom of 9inch springform pan. Bake for 8 minutes. Set aside.nFor the filling: Meanwhile, combine cream cheese and sugar until well blended. Stir in peach schnapps until just blended. Add eggs, 1 at a time, stirring after each addition until just blended.nPour onto crust.nUsing heavy duty foil, wrap outsides and bottom of pan. Place cheesecake on a wire rack inside a larger pan. Fill larger pan with very hot water 13 the way up the springform pan. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes or until center is almost set. Remove cheesecake from hot water bath and remove foil. Let stand 10 minutes before running knife around the edge to loosen cake from sides. Cool for 1 hour then refrigerate uncovered at least 4 hours or overnight.nJust before serving: Remove cake from icebox and remove the sides of the pan. Transfer cheesecake to serving plate. While preparing the topping, allow cheesecake to come to room temperature.nFor the topping: In a large skillet, melt butter over mediumhigh heat. Add brown sugar and allow mixture to caramelize. Add peaches, cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until peaches are well coated and tender. Add brandy and ignite to flambe the peaches. Serve immediately over slice of cheesecake and garnish with walnuts, if desired., ingredients: [1 12 cups snickerdoodle cookies, crushed, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 24 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons peach schnapps, 3 large eggs, room temperature, 3 to 4 tablespoons butter, 12 cup brown sugar, 4 medium peaches, ripened, peeled and cut into wedges, Splash brandy, preferably peach flavored, Walnuts, optional], title: Hollys Peach Flambe Cheesecake, picturelink: ZSDYfLJLBTwyScuCqp4xTOnVek6ki}, 12429: {instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill or heat a grill pan on the stove over mediumhigh heat.nUsing your hands, combine all ingredients in a medium bowl, mixing just to combine. Divide meat into 3 or 4 portions and form each into patty using your hands. Grill for 4 to 6 minutes on both sides for mediumrare to medium doneness. If desired, place buns, cut side down on the grill, until toasted, about 1 to 2 minutes. Serve burgers on buns., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 1ounce package onion soup mix, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons bourbon recommended: Jim Beam, Dash hot pepper sauce recommended: Tabasco, Hamburger buns, for serving], title: Troy Gentrys Hamburgers, picturelink: null}, 12430: {instructions: Remove the skin from the Granny Smith apple. Chop the apple into small, thin pieces. Place the apples in a small bowl and squeeze some lemon juice over them to keep them from browning. In a small pan add the I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Original Soft Spread, brown sugar, Saigon cinnamon and Allspice. Set the pan over mediumhigh heat and stir. Once the spread has melted add in the apple pieces. Continue to cook over medium heat for 56 minutes, stirring frequently.nPut all of the Cinnamon Spread ingredients in a small mixing bowl and mix until well combined.nLightly coat both sides of the bread with the Cinnamon Spread, then place in a large pan.nToast bread in the pan over medium heat, turning it over every 12 minutes until both sides are evenly toasted.nWhen toasted, remove the bread from the pan and set on a plate. Top with the apple mixture.nOptional  Top with chopped walnuts, raisins andor whipped cream.nNutrition Information Per ServingnCalories 350, Calories From Fat 160, Saturated Fat 4.5g, Trans Fat 0g, Total Fat 17g, Cholesterol 0mg, Sodium 320mg, Total Carbohydrates 46g, Sugars 31g, Dietary Fiber 5g, Protein 4g, Vitamin A 25, Vitamin C 15, Calcium 8, Iron 6, ingredients: [1 Granny Smith apple, Lemon Juice, 2 tablespoons of I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Original Soft Spread, 2 packed tablespoons of brown sugar, 12 teaspoon of Saigon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon of Allspice, 2 tablespoons of I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Original Soft Spread, 1 packed tablespoon of brown sugar, 12 teaspoon of Saigon cinnamon, 2 slices whole wheat bread or your favorite bread, Cinnamon spread from above], title: Apple Pie French Toast, picturelink: null}, 12431: {instructions: In a blender, combine the fish sauce, vegetable oil, brown sugar, garlic, shallot, 2 teaspoons salt, a few grinds of black pepper and 14 cup cold water. Blend until smooth. Place the steak in a 1gallon resealable plastic bag. Pour the marinade into the bag, seal, and toss to coat. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours.nMeanwhile, combine the granulated sugar, vinegar, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 cup cold water in a small saucepot. Bring to a boil and then pour the hot pickling liquid over the carrots and jicama. Let sit until cooled to room temperature. Use at room temperature or refrigerate, covered, for later use.nPrepare a grill for high heat. Remove the steak from the marinade and pat dry. Grill the steak for 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium. Remove from the grill, let rest for 5 minutes, and then cut into 12inch pieces.nWarm the tortillas in a dry saute pan or in a 350degree oven, wrapped in a foil pouch, for 10 minutes you can also heat them over a gas burner until charred in spots. Spread some of the mayonnaise on one side of each tortilla. Top with some steak, cucumbers, chiles and pickled carrots and jicama. Sprinkle with cilantro and cotija., ingredients: [13 cup Asian fish sauce, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 clove garlic, 1 shallot, quartered, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound skirt steak, trimmed, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup distilled white vinegar, 1 cup shredded carrot, 1 cup julienned jicama, Six 4 12inch yellow or white corn tortillas, 13 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup julienned English cucumber, 1 Fresno chile, thinly sliced, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 12 cup crumbled cotija cheese], title: Steak Banh Mi Tacos, picturelink: lmeQQlphaqIUkQP2HfsiTK2xTktIPK}, 12432: {instructions: Bloom gelatin sheets in cold water. Combine liqueur and vanilla bean seeds in a small saucepan over low heat. Once gelatin sheets have bloomed, add gelatin to the small saucepan to dissolve.nWhip heavy cream and confectioners sugar to soft peaks. Once the gelatin has dissolved, pour into the whipped cream and begin whisking on high speed to combine. Pour into glasses and allow to set up overnight., ingredients: [3 gelatin sheets, 3 ounces black raspberry liqueur recommended: Chambord, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 1 quart heavy cream, 4 ounces confectioners sugar], title: Vanilla Souffle, picturelink: null}, 12433: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Coat a 9 by 13inch baking pan with cooking spray.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook until tender but firm, about 5 to 8 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl.nMeanwhile, place the frozen squash and milk into a large saucepan and cook over a low heat, stirring occasionally and breaking up the squash with a spoon until it is defrosted. Turn the heat up to medium and cook until the mixture is almost simmering, stirring occasionally. Remove the pan from heat and stir in the Cheddar, jack cheese, ricotta cheese, salt, mustard and cayenne pepper. Pour cheese mixture over the macaroni and stir to combine. Transfer the macaroni and cheese to the baking dish.nCombine bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese and oil in a small bowl. Sprinkle over the top of the macaroni and cheese. Bake for 20 minutes, then broil for 3 minutes so the top is crisp and nicely browned., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 2 10ounce packages frozen pureed winter squash, 2 cups 1 percent lowfat milk, 4 ounces extrasharp Cheddar, grated about 1 13 cups, 2 ounces Monterrey jack cheese, grated about 23 cup, 12 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon powdered mustard, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons unseasoned bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon olive oil], title: Macaroni and 4 Cheeses, picturelink: dYH6QXqwD34dskSXMpII1AGzc3VvDu}, 12434: {instructions: In a large casserole, over medium high heat, melt the butter. When the foaming subsides, add the mushrooms and saute for a minute until they begin to soften. Add the carrots, caraway seeds, paprika, 14 cup water, cover and simmer just for 4 to 5 minutes or until the vegetables are just tender.nAdd the leftover stew, cover and simmer 10 minutes just to reheat and bring flavors together. Meanwhile parboil the potatoes until tender but not falling apart. Season to the stew to taste with salt and pepper, remove from heat and stir in the sour cream if you wish. Center potatoes in a deep platter and surround them with the stew garnish potatoes with parsley and meat with pickles., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups small mushroom caps, 2 carrots, cut into 12 inch rounds, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 1 tablespoon paprika, Half of leftover beef stew, 2 pounds potatoes, cut into 1inch cubes or chunks, 14 cup sour cream, optional, Chopped parsley and diced Kosher dill pickles, for garnish], title: Variation on Beef Stew, for Second Time Around, picturelink: null}, 12435: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a large plastic bag add Worcestershire sauce, oils, dry hot mustard, salt, peppercorns and garlic. Mix and add brisket then seal making sure marinade covers all parts of the meat. Marinate for 2 hours. In a Dutch oven or roasting pan place 3 of the onion rings in a circle to form a trivet for the brisket if using a roasting pan place all onion rings out in a single layer. Place the garlic in the spaces not occupied by the rings, then add one slab of brisket making sure to place it evenly on top of the rings. Add another layer of onion rings then the second slab of brisket if using roasting pan, place brisket side by side in single layer on top of onons. Pour over the remaining marinade, the broth and wine in equal parts until the meat is just covered. Cover and cook for 3 hours adding the carrots and celery 30 minutes before the end of cooking. Check the brisket a few times while cooking and add salt, as needed, and broth and wine in equal parts if the level of the liquid falls below the meat. The brisket is done when it is tender to the fork and easy to pull apart., ingredients: [4 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoons garlic oil, 1 tablespoon oriental dry hot mustard, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 20 cloves garlic, 2 1 12pound cuts beef brisket, 6 12inch thick onion slices, 2 cups beef broth approximate, 2 cups Merlot red wine approximate, 1 cup baby carrots, 1 stalk celery, chopped], title: 20 Clove Brisket, picturelink: null}, 12436: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a heavybottomed pot, Dutch oven heat enough peanut oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 365 degrees F.nSlice the po boy rolls in half, not cutting through, and put them on a baking sheet. Lightly toast the bread in the preheated oven.nCombine the corn flour, seasoning and salt and pepper, to taste, in a shallow dish. Pat the fillets dry and dredge them in the seasoned flour mixture, shaking of the excess.nOnce the oil is properly heated, carefully drop the catfish into the oil. Be careful not to overcrowd the pot. Fry until golden brown and beginning to float to the surface, about 5 minutes. Do not overcook. Carefully remove the fillets with a slotted spoon or spider and drain them on paper towels. Put 1 catfish fillet in each toasted roll and top with lettuce, tomatoes, and hot sauce. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [Peanut or canola oil, for frying, 4 hoagie rolls or 1 French baguette, 34 cup corn flour, 2 tablespoons Creole seasoning recommended: Tony Cacheres, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 4 6 to 8ounce catfish fillets, Shredded lettuce, thinly sliced tomatoes and hot sauce, for serving, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Catfish Po Boys, picturelink: Xwp0y51HW9ELtXuAD9AkcQo920Ja4PC}, 12437: {instructions: Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Combine the granulated sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl and set aside.nWhisk together the flour, baking soda and 14 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Whisk together the brown sugar, melted butter and corn syrup in a large bowl until smooth. Add the vanilla and egg and whisk until combined. Add the flour mixture and stir with a rubber spatula until just incorporated. The dough will be quite loose refrigerate for 15 minutes to let it firm up a little.nPosition 2 oven racks in the center of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F.nScoop out 12 mounds of dough, about 2 scant tablespoons each, and place them at least 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. The cookies will spread a lot during baking. Lightly flour your hands and press the dough out until it is about 14inch thick. Sprinkle each cookie with some cinnamon sugar, using all of it.nBake the cookies, switching the sheets about halfway through the baking time, until lightly browned at the edges, 10 to 12 minutes. Let the cookies rest on the sheets for 5 minutes, then carefully transfer to a rack to cool completely, about 20 minutes.nTo assemble: Turn 6 cookies upsidedown on a cutting board. Scoop about 13 cup of the ice cream onto each cookie and spread it with a spoon or butter knife to the edges of the cookies. Top each with a second cookie, and press down gently to adhere. Serve the ice cream sandwiches right away, or put them in the freezer to harden for about 1 hour, then wrap and freeze for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring hands, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Kosher salt, 12 cup packed lightbrown sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 2 cups coffee ice cream, softened slightly], title: Cappuccino Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: R72foMItCmMJnOByj0I3PASqnmBrTYu}, 12438: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo prepare the crust, put the wholewheat pastry flour, allpurpose flour, granulated sugar and salt in the bowl of a food processor and pulse 3 times to combine. Add the butter and pulse about 12 times, until you get a pebbly course texture. In a small bowl combine the buttermilk and ice water. Add the buttermilkwater mixture and pulse 3 to 5 times more to combine. Pat the dough into a 4inch round and wrap in plastic wrap. Place in the freezer for 10 minutes, or make ahead and refrigerate for up to 1 day.nIn the meantime, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F, and prepare the filling. Core the apples and cut them into 14inch slices. In a large bowl toss the apple slices with the lemon juice. Add the dried cherries then sprinkle in the cornstarch, brown sugar and cinnamon and toss until the apples are evenly coated. Set aside.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll the chilled dough into a large circle about 9 inches in diameter. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper, and draping the dough over the rolling pin, transfer it to the prepared baking sheet. If the dough breaks, patch it up with your fingers.nArrange the apple mixture in a mound in the center on the dough, leaving a 1 to 2inch border. Fold the border over the filling. It will only cover the filling partially and does not need to be even.nBake the pie at 425 degrees F for 15 minutes, and then reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F, keeping the pie in the oven all the while, and bake for another 40 minutes, until the apples are tender and the crust is golden brown.nIn a small bowl stir together the honey and boiling water to make a glaze. When the pie is done remove it from the oven and brush the honey glaze all over the top of the fruit and crust. Transfer to a plate to cool slightly. Cut into 6 wedges and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup wholegrain pastry flour or regular wholewheat flour, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons cold, unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons lowfat buttermilk, 3 tablespoons ice water, 3 medium Golden Delicious apples, unpeeled, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 13 cup dried tart cherries, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon honey, 14 teaspoon boiling water], title: Rustic Apple Pie with Dried Cherries, picturelink: 4wgX8nTKc5rV87a6Uh3z8XsdysVbzi}, 12439: {instructions: Melt the butter in a sauce pan. Add the jam and allow it to melt into the butter. Add the amaretto and blend in. Let simmer for 5 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 jar 18 ounces apricot jam, 12 cup amaretto liqueur], title: Apricot Amaretto Sauce, picturelink: MQopBjB..6lndwcN0EOfVAo6Rq7bRZm}, 12440: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together marinade ingredients. Arrange mushroom caps in a single layer in a non reactive shallow pan. Pour marinade over mushrooms, cover and marinate for 1 hour, turning mushrooms several times.nUsing a blender, blend vinaigrette ingredients until smooth. Taste for seasoning.nHeat a clean griddle or skillet and wipe down with an oiled cloth. Remove mushrooms from marinade, place in skillet and use a weight to press down on them. Sear them about 1 minute on each side, or until tender. Transfer mushrooms to a cutting board, slice thin and drizzle with red pepper vinaigrette., ingredients: [4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 6 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 13 cup olive oil, 1 pound fresh Portobello mushrooms, stems trimmed, Olive oil for skillet, 1 red pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped coarsely, 1 Poblano chile, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped coarsely, 4 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Juice of 1 lemon, 14 cup olive oil, Coarse salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Marinated Portobello Mushrooms with Roasted Pepper Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 12441: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCompletely melt the chocolate in a double boiler. Add the cream to a medium bowl and pour in the chocolate. Whisk the mixture very slowly creating a shiny, elastic emulsion. Refrigerate until firm.nRemove the chilled ganache from the refrigerator. Scoop out little amounts onto a parchment or waxed paperlined baking sheet. Chill in the refrigerator for about 10 minutes. Immediately roll out each scoop into golf ballsized pieces.nRoll in the various coatings and arrange on a serving tray or store in the refrigerator, covered, until ready to serve., ingredients: [8 ounces good dark chocolate, chopped not below 60 percent cocoa, recommended: Valrhona, 8 ounces heavy cream, scalded, cocoa powder, caramelized hazelnuts, crunchy pearls, rainbow sprinkles, crushed toasted almonds], title: Truffles, picturelink: b7joWHKXSI.mnqcepJgAuTxVwu.7LOm}, 12442: {instructions: In a large pot of boiling salted water, over medium heat, add the beans and blanch for 3 minutes. Remove from water and shock in an ice bath. Drain, pat dry and add to a large serving bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and toss., ingredients: [1 12 pounds green beans, stemmed, 2 shallots, sliced thin, 6 slices deli ham, diced, 14 cup slivered almonds, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped dill leaves, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Ginas Green Bean Salad, picturelink: BTlpk1yGAM8dh84Rbhkl16UxB4xi9oC}, 12443: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 6 4inch diameter tartlet pans with removable bottomsnGrease 6 4inch individual tartlet pans with removable bottoms with butter and place on a baking sheet.nPlace the flour and salt in food processor and pulse to combine. Add the chilled butter and process to a coarse meal. With the machine running, add 5 tablespoons of water in a steady stream until the mixture forms a dough. Add additional water, 1 tablespoon at a time, if the dough is too dry.nDivide the dough into 6 equal balls and press into the bottom and sides of the prepared tartlet pans. Refrigerate the crusts for 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line the crusts with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake for 15 minutes. Cool completely can be made 1 day ahead.nMix the chorizo and remaining ingredients. Pour into the prepared crusts, dividing equally. Bake until the quiches are puffed and cooked through, or when a knife inserted into center of the quiches comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the pans, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, diced, 5 tablespoons chilled water, plus extra as needed, 6 ounces chorizo, or spicy Italian sausage, casings removed, and cooked until crisp, 4 eggs, 12 cup Mexican crema, or creme fraiche, 1 cup grated Manchego, Swiss, or Pecorino Romano cheese, 12 cup diced russet potatoes, boiled until tender and cooled, 14 cup whole milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mini Chorizo Quiches, picturelink: P3bC9x7NMWZH.CDN0ILVH9lb69xnmLa}, 12444: {instructions: 10inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water at least 1 hour prior to grillingnStir together salad dressing, herb marinade packet, and 12 cup water. Set aside.nPlace cheese and vegetables in a resealable bag and pour in marinade. Seal and marinate in refrigerator for 1 to 4 hours.nThread the skewers by alternating vegetables, cheese, and bread.nBrush bread with some of the leftover marinade mixture and save the rest for garnish.nSet up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Lightly oil the grilling grates and place the skewers on the grill. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes per side, turning once. Bread should be toasted and cheese softened. Serve right off the grill drizzled with additional marinade., ingredients: [23 cup olive oil and vinegar salad dressing recommended: Newmans Own, 1 packet 1.06 ounces herbs marinade mix recommended: McCormick Grill Mates, 16 ounces fresh mozzarella in water, cut into 1inch pieces, 24 cherry tomatoes, 1 red onion, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 sourdough baguette, cut into 24 1inch pieces], title: Mozzarella Skewers, picturelink: K.KkpVR69Zbin8ZnPJBcN7ymcoMQtNO}, 12445: {instructions: In a small bowl or measuring cup, combine the stock, oyster sauce, rice wine and soy sauce. Stir into any nearly completed stirfry dish and bring to a boil until the sauce thickens, about 1 minute., ingredients: [1 cup vegetable stock, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce], title: AllPurpose StirFry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 12446: {instructions: Special equipment: toothpicksnOn a microwave proof plate, layer 2 slices ham, 1 slice cheese, 2 slices roast pork, 1 pickle slice and 1 more slice of cheese. Heat in the microwave for about 30 secondsjust long enough to melt the cheese. Spread 12 teaspoon mustard on the inside of a lettuce leaf, top with the layered meat and cheese, and roll it up. Secure with a toothpicks. Repeat to make 4 total.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F. Score the fat and skin on the pork shoulder in a hatch mark fashion. Place the shoulder in a roasting pan lined with a rack, and pour the dressing over it. Rub the shoulder with the remaining ingredients and roast uncovered for 1 hour. Tent the shoulder loosely with aluminum foil and continue roasting while basting occasionally, until the meat starts to easily pull apart from the bone, about 1 12 hours more. Transfer the shoulder to a cutting board and let rest for 15 minutes. Trim off any excess fat and cut into thin slices. Yield: 8 servings Prep Time: 15 minutes Cook Time: 2 to 2 12 hours Ease of preparation: easy Nutritional Analysis per Serving: Calories: 589 Total Fat: 49 Saturated Fat: 10 Carbohydrates: 3 Fiber: 0, ingredients: [8 slices boiled nosugaradded ham about 14 pound, 8 slices Swiss cheese about 14 pound, 8 slices Mojo Pork Roast, recipe follows, 1 kosher dill pickle, thinly sliced lengthwise, 2 teaspoons yellow mustard, 4 outer leaves Boston lettuce, 1 5pound bonein fresh pork shoulder half preferably arm picnic, 1 16ounce bottle nosugaradded Italian dressing recommended: Paul Newmans Olive oil and Vinegar, 2 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 bay leaves], title: Cubano Lettuce Wrap, picturelink: null}, 12447: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the bulgur: In medium saucepot over mediumhigh heat, bring the chicken stock to a boil. Add the bulgur, cover and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Simmer the bulgur until tender, about 15 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes, and then fluff with fork.nFor the cider vinaigrette: Combine the vinegar, shallots and agave nectar in small glass jar with a tightly fitted lid. Shake to combine. Add the oil and shake vigorously to emulse. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside until ready for use.nFor the salad: In a large mixing bowl, gently combine the bulgur, almonds, apricots, kale and red onions. Add the vinaigrette and mix until thoroughly dressed. Season with salt and pepper. Serve garnished with the chives., ingredients: [2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 1 cup bulgur wheat, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon minced shallot, 12 teaspoon agave nectar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup toasted almonds, 13 cup diced dried apricots, 14 cup finely julienned kale, 12 small red onion, shaved, 2 teaspoons finely sliced fresh chives], title: Bulgur Wheat and Kale Salad, picturelink: sQHgs1Eh2x7Psg5Ihon3X2jdQqNOwsq}, 12448: {instructions: Place a 10inch saute pan over medium heat. Place butter in the pan, followed by a flour tortilla. Lay some of the cheeses in first, see Cooks Note.nAdd onions, peppers, chicken, top with a little more cheese, and cover with a second tortilla. Place a lid on the saute pan, and let sit for 3 to 4 minutes or until golden brown before flipping. Flip and cook until golden brown on both sides. Repeat with remaining tortillas and ingredients. Allow the quesadilla to cool before cutting, about 2 minutes. Cut into pie shapes. Place a dollop of sour cream and chives on top. Enjoy., ingredients: [Butter, for sauteeing, 10 10inch flour tortillas, 1 medium wheel double cream brie cheese, 1 cup grated Swiss cheese, 1 cup Cheddar, 2 large sweet onions, sliced and grilled, 2 to 3 roasted red bell peppers, julienne, 6 grilled chicken breasts, sliced thinly, 1 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons minced chives], title: Three Cheese Quesadilla, picturelink: null}, 12449: {instructions: In a large bowl, stir yeast into water to soften. Add milk, butter, sugar, eggs, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, pepper, and 2 cups flour. Beat vigorously for two minutes. Add the currants and lemon peel and stir to combine. Gradually add flour, 14 cup at a time, until the dough begins to pull away from the side of the bowl.Turn dough out onto a floured work surface. Knead, adding flour a little at a time, until you have a smooth, elastic dough. Put dough into an oiled bowl. Turn to coat the entire ball of dough with oil. Cover with a tightly woven towel and let rise until doubled, about one hour. Turn the dough out onto a lightly oiled work surface and divide into 24 equal pieces. Shape each piece into a ball and put into two wellseasoned 9 by 12inch baking pans. Cover with a towel and let rise until almost doubled, about 45 minutes.About 10 minutes before baking, preheat oven to 375 degrees. Just before baking, cut a cross into the top of each bun. Combine the milk and sugar for the glaze and brush lightly over the top of the buns.Bake for 20 minutes, or until the internal temperature of the buns reach 190 degrees. Immediately remove buns from pans and cool on a rack for about 10 minutes.In a glass measuring cup with a pouring lip, combine the confectioners sugar with lemon juice and enough heavy cream to reach the consistency of honey. Use to pour into the cross on the top of each bun. Bread Basket method follows.nBread Basket: To shape a basket of bread eggs Divide the dough in half. Return 12 the dough to the rising bowl and cover with a towel until needed. Divide the other piece of dough into 6 pieces. Shape each piece into a 26inch strand. Twist the strands together. Lightly grease the bottom of an ovenproof bowl or pan with no handles I have a Pyrex bowl that measures about 8 inches across the top and is about 4 inches deep that works perfectly and place it on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Loosely coil the twisted strands around the beginning with where the pan and bowl meet. Continue until you get to the center of the bowl bottom. If you have too much dough left, pinch it off to use when making the eggs. Take the remaining dough and divide it evenly into golfball sized pieces. Place on a parchmentlined baking sheet about 3 inches apart. Cover dough with a towel and let rise until almost doubled, about 45 minutes. About 10 minutes before baking, preheat oven to 375 degrees. Just before baking, lightly brush breads with glaze. Sprinkle the basket with nonpareils if desired.Bake for 25 minutes, basket, and eggs for 15 minutes, or until the internal temperature of the breads reach 190 degrees. Immediately remove breads from baking sheet and cool on a rack. To serve the bread basket and eggs: Once the bread has cooled, pour the icing glaze over the eggs scrape up what runs off and use it again. Let the glaze set, about 15 minutes. Decorate the eggs with decorators icing. Allow time for the icing to set so they can be placed in the bread basket without smudging. Put dyed coconut in a plastic bag, shake 3 cups shredded coconut with 2 or 3 tablespoons green food coloring until well coated  spread coconut on waxed paper to dry for about 30 minutes into the basket. If the top edge of your basket isnt pretty, you can use some of the icing glaze to paint the edge to hold coconut in place to hide the edge. Place the eggs in the basket and serve., ingredients: [1 scant tablespoon or 1 14ounce package active dry yeast, 14 cup warm water about 110 degrees, 1 12 cups warm milk about 110 degrees, 13 cup soft unsalted butter, 12 cup light brown or raw sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 3 12 to 412 cups unbleached flour, 12 cup currants, 12 cup candied lemon peel or candied citron, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 to 2 tablespoons heavy cream], title: Hot Cross Buns, picturelink: null}, 12450: {instructions: Combine mustard, cream cheese, lemon juice, salt, and black pepper in a bowl. Thoroughly mix until smooth.nAdd salmon and stir well. Add tomatoes, cucumber, red onion, and capers and toss lightly to mix.nSeason with additional salt and black pepper, if desired. Dig in, ingredients: [2 tablespoons creamy Dijon mustard recommended: Best FoodsHellmanns Dijonnaise, 1 tablespoon fatfree cream cheese, room temperature, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, Dash salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces canned or poached boneless skinless pink salmon, drained and flaked if needed, 12 cup quartered cherry or grape tomatoes, 12 cup chopped cucumber, 14 cup chopped red onion, 12 tablespoon capers, drained], title: Scoopy Salmon Salad, picturelink: gyzhitWoxpmX6jBS6gg.tgx2n67xPo2}, 12451: {instructions: If the leaves dont peel off, blanch the whole head in boiling water until each layer strips off. You need 16 big leaves. Return the leaves to the pot and cook for 2 minutes until pliable. Drain and cut out the thick, tough part of the stem.nMix the stuffing ingredients together and form a 14 cup of it into an oval. Place it in the center of a leaf. From the stem end, roll it up once. Tuck in the sides and roll up the rest of the way.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn the oil, saute the onions to golden, then saute the garlic for one more minute. Add the tomato sauce and beef stock. Whisk in the paprika. Shred the remaining cabbage and spread it on the bottom of a large baking dish. Arrange the stuffed cabbages seam side down, on top of the shredded cabbage. Cover with the sauce. Bake covered for 1 hour, adding more liquid as necessary to keep cabbage moist. Uncover and bake for another hour., ingredients: [3 garlic cloves minced, 2 cups strong beef stock, 1 cup tomato sauce, 1 tablespoons sweet paprika, 2 large heads cabbage outer leaves for rolling, inside leaves for stuffing, 1 12 pounds ground beef, 1 12 cups barley, cooked in beef stock according to package instructions, 1 large onion, minced, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped], title: Stuffed Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 12452: {instructions: Boil potatoes, in their skins for about 35 to 40 minutes or until just tender but not mushy. Drain and let cool 10 minutes or until you can handle them to peelnMeanwhile cook the bacon until crisp. Remove 13 for garnish, leaving remaining in skillet. Use this time to chop parsley, scallion and pickles.nWhen potatoes are cool enough, but still warm, peel and cut them into 12 inch cubes and transfer them to a mixing bowl with romaine lettuce.nReheat bacon in skillet. Add garlic, broth and vinegar and bring to a boil. Remove skillet from heat and add parsley, scallion and pickles, season with salt and pepper and immediately toss with potatoes and romaine lettuce. Sprinkle reserved bacon over the top and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds russet or Yukon Gold potatoes, 8 ounces thick sliced bacon cut into 12 inch pieces, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, 14 cup chicken broth, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley, sliced scallion and sour pickles gherkins or Frenchcornichons, 6 Romaine lettuce leaves, washed and cut into chiffonade, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Potato Bacon Salad with Romaine Lettuce, picturelink: null}, 12453: {instructions: Preheat grill. Combine the garlic and butter in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste. Spread 1 tablespoon of butter on one side of each slice of bread. Grill butterside down until lightly golden. Turn each slice over, sprinkle with parsley and grill an additional 20 seconds., ingredients: [6 cloves roasted garlic, 1 stick butter, softened, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 slices Italian bread, sliced 14inch thick, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley], title: Grilled Garlic Bread, picturelink: null}, 12454: {instructions: Whisk 2 tablespoons orange juice, 2 teaspoons sherry vinegar and 1 teaspoon dijon mustard in a bowl whisk in 2 tablespoons olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Thinly slice 1 12 pounds peeled chioggia or golden beets. Toss with the vinaigrette, segments from 2 oranges, 2 cups fresh parsley and 12 cup torn mint. Top with chopped marcona almonds and crumbled goat cheese.nTIP: Slice the beets on a mandoline for this nocook saladitll come together in minutesnHow to Peel and Juice a BeetnPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: NoCook BeetOrange Salad, picturelink: 5G5Yl8y0kL.xddLYmRghBtzvCkLzrz2}, 12455: {instructions: Heat 3 inches of oil in a large deep skillet or heavy pot to 325 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix the cornstarch, egg whites, salt, and pepper until foamy. Spread the coconut out in a pie dish. Dredge the shrimp with the cornstarchegg white mixture and shake off any excess. Press the shrimp into the coconut flakes turn shrimp over and press into coconut again to coat both sides.nDeepfry the shrimp in batches until the coconut is golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Using tongs or a slotted spoon, remove the shrimp to paper towels to drain. Arrange the shrimp on a platter, serve immediately with red curry sauce and garnish with green onion and mint.nPlace a small pot over medium heat and coat with the oil. Stir the red curry paste into the pan and fry until aromatic. Slowly pour in the coconut milk and continue to stir to incorporate. Add the lime juice and 1 of the squeezed out halves for added flavor and cook for 5 to 10 minutes to thicken. Pour the sauce into a nice serving bowl and serve with the coconut shrimp.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [Peanut or vegetable oil, for frying, 14 cup cornstarch, 3 large egg whites, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups flaked coconut, 1 12 pounds jumbo shrimp, peeled with tails on, Red Curry Sauce, recipe follows, 1 green onion, white and green part, chopped, 1 handful fresh mint leaves, handtorn, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons Thai red curry paste, 1 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 1 lime, juiced], title: Coconut Shrimp with Red Curry Sauce, picturelink: f8AQtIQHVYcBiAuWWaTaUWEs9lEfiEe}, 12456: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat for 1 minute. Reduce the heat to medium and add the potato slices a few at a time so they dont stick together. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes are tender and the onions are golden but not brown, about 10 minutes. Place a strainer over a bowl in your sink and transfer the potatoes and onions to drain reserve the oil.nWhisk the eggs, milk, salt and pepper together in a large bowl. Drain excess oil off of the potato mixture. Add the potatoes and onions to the egg mixture and combine until they are completely mixed in. Set the bowl aside for about 15 minutes to let the potatoes release some of their starches into the eggs.nHeat 3 tablespoons of the reserved olive oil in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh for 1 minute. Add the eggpotato mixture, rotating the skillet in a circular motion to distribute it evenly. Lower the heat to mediumlow and shake the pan a few times to prevent sticking by shaking the pan, you ensure that the eggs and potatoes release from the pan bottom. Cook the tortilla for about 5 minutes or until the potatoes on the bottom start to turn golden brown. Place the skillet in the oven and cook for 6 to 8 minutes, or until almost set. Remove from the oven and place a large flat plate on top of the skillet and invert the skillet. The tortilla should come right out. Add a tablespoon of the reserved olive oil to the skillet and slide the tortilla back in to cook the other side until it is goldenbrown, about 5 minutes.nTurn the heat off and set the skillet aside until the tortilla cools to room temperature. Transfer the tortilla to a plate sprinkle with parsley and serve at room temperature cut into triangles or squares.nCooks Note: The Yukon potatoes should be sliced using a mandolin., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 4 large Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and sliced about 18inch thick, see Cooks Note, 12 large yellow onion, chopped, 6 large eggs, 14 cup milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped flatleaf parsley, for garnishing], title: Simple Spanish Tortilla, picturelink: A6xXIUT.fLA1jcT63QpaMKrfi0.u2ry}, 12457: {instructions: Trim the beet greens. Slice the garlic thinly. Place the garlic and oil in a cold skillet. Bring up the heat slowly and slightly brown the garlic. Remove the garlic and add the greens to the skillet. Cover with lid if possible and cook until wilted, about 3 to 5 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds beet greens, 2 cloves garlic, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Garlic Beet Greens, picturelink: null}, 12458: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nWash and gently scrub potatoes under cold running water to remove any excess dirt and thick skin. Poke with a fork to make holes all over  this allows the moisture to escape while baking. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil, season with salt and place into preheated oven. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes until a paring knife goes through cleanly but the potato is still firm to touch.nRemove from oven and allow to cool so you can handle them. Cut into large wedges and lay out in a single layer to dry slightly before dusting with a little potato starch. Turn them over and dust again.nHeat some oil in a large pot to 350 degrees F.nFry the potatoes in batches for 5 to 7 minutes until golden brown. Drain on paper towels and season with salt immediately., ingredients: [4 about 2 12 pounds large russet potatoes, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, for seasoning, 2 cups potato starch, 2 to 3 quarts combined 5050 olive and vegetable oil, for deepfrying], title: TwiceCooked Rustic Fries, picturelink: Q6QURb8QUcxYrgsk1IJ4aGm6myKvsZC}, 12459: {instructions: Heat large sautu00e9 pan over high heat. Add butter and cauliflower sautu00e9 on high until brown, stirring so cauliflower doesnt burn. Season with salt and pepper remove to plate lined with paper towels drain.nFor batter: Whisk together flours, cornstarch, and a pinch of salt and pepper. Whisk in cold seltzer water until smooth. Water MUST be cold for tempuratype batter. Store batter in the refrigerator until ready to fry.nHeat 34 inches vegetable oil to 350 degrees F in fryer or deep pan. Dip onion slices into the batter to cover and fry until golden brown. Drain on papertowellined plates and season with salt and pepper.nHeat grill over medium. Drizzle one side of each slice of bread with a 12 tablespoon olive oil place 4 slices, oilside down, on grill or use panini press. Top each slice with Pepper Jack, cauliflower, fried onions, and a slice of Cheddar, in that order. Place remaining 4 bread slices on top of sandwiches, oilside up. Grill, turning once, until the bread is golden and the cheese is melted., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 head cauliflower, cut in small pieces, Salt and pepper, 12 cup flour, 12 cup rice flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 cup cold seltzer water club soda, Vegetable oil for frying, 2 yellow onions, thinly sliced, 8 slices sourdough bread, 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 4 slices Wisconsin Pepper Jack cheese, 4 slices Wisconsin Cheddar cheese], title: The Sergeant Pepper, picturelink: OQDkkPGmjb.8VA.LywQ5I0G63dCeG}, 12460: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor fitted with a sharp blade, process the vinegar, mustard, honey, shallots, salt and pepper until the shallots are finely chopped. With the processor running, add the oil in a small stream until all the oil has been incorporated and the dressing has achieved a silky, smooth texture. The dressing may be stored, covered, for up to one week in the refrigerator, but should be brought to room temperature before using., ingredients: [14 cup champagne vinegar, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon clover honey, 4 large, peeled shallots, thinly sliced, about 14 cup, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 34 cup extra virgin olive oil], title: Mustard Shallot Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 12461: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the turkey wings into a small roasting pan and roast them until they are golden brown, about 30 minutes. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large stock pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, carrots, garlic, herbs, and peppercorns and cook for 5 minutes. Add the turkey wings. Pour some water into the roasting pan and scrape up all the browned bits on the bottom add this to the pot. Cover everything in the pot with coldnwater by 1inch and bring to the boil, skimming any foam that rises to the surface. Reduce the heat and simmer for about 1 12 to 2 hours. Strain out the solids and discard. Wipe out the pot and put it over medium heat. Melt the butter with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and add the flour. Cook this roux, stirring frequently, until it is golden brown. Slowly whisk in the strained stock being careful to work out any lumps. Cook until the gravy has thickened, about 10 to 15 minutes.nCooks note: Also add the backbone and neck from the turkey you are grilling., ingredients: [2 pounds turkey wings, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, halved, 4 carrots, chopped, 1 head garlic, smashed, 12 bunch fresh sage, 12 bunch fresh thyme, 8 black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Turkey Gravy, picturelink: rpze8kq1DBmc8HiSQc0sRU0EbDm8G}, 12462: {instructions: Heat the butter and EVOO in a large, deep skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Lightly brown the mushrooms, 10 to 12 minutes. Stir in the thyme, leeks, carrots and celery, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook, partially covered, until the vegetables soften, 10 minutes. Sprinkle in the flour and stir 1 minute, and then pour in the wine, letting it absorb. Add the stock and bring to a bubble. Stir in the cream, season with a little nutmeg and let the sauce thicken a bit. Add the chicken and cook to heat through.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil and cook the noodles to al dente. Stir the Dijon mustard into the creamy chicken, and then combine the sauce with the noodles and chopped herbs., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 12 ounces white mushrooms, sliced, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, finely chopped, 2 leeks, thinly sliced, 1 small carrot, finely chopped, 1 small rib celery, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 12 to 2 cups homemade or storebought chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, A few grates nutmeg, 2 to 3 cups cooked poached chicken breast or rotisserie chicken, pulled or chopped, skin and bones removed, 12 pound extrawide egg noodles, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill or tarragon], title: Creamy Chicken and Noodles, picturelink: YoeV7u9AIGAzpuynZkMmtxSUtLISyK}, 12463: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the red snapper into 4 equal portions, approximately 6 ounces each. Score skin to prevent curling. Season with salt and pepper.nPreheat a stainless saute pan on medium heat and add 2 tablespoons of peanut oil. Lay fish in pan, skinside down, and cook for 2 minutes or until skin starts to color. Turn fish and cook for 1 minute. Place pan in oven and roast for 7 minutes.nTo make lime jus, remove fish from pan, add fish bones, carrots, celery, onion, 12 of ginger, and lime leaves. Return to heat and saute for 1 minute. Add water and fish sauce and gently simmer for 20 minutes. Strain through cheesecloth, return to heat, and add the soy sauce.nPreheat another stainless steel pan on high heat. Coat pineapple slices and heart of palm with peanut oil. Char in hot pan until hearts of palm are light brown and pineapple is dark brown.nTo serve return fish to oven to briefly warm. Place fish, skin side up, in a large bowls, lay alternating slices of pineapple and hearts of palm on fish, ladle lime jus around fish, float green onion, ginger, and cilantro in jus, and top pineapple with basil leaves., ingredients: [1 3pound Onaga or Red Snapper, scaled, filleted, and bones reserved, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, plus 1 tablespoon, Salt and pepper, 14 cup diced carrot, 14 cup diced celery, 14 cup diced onion, 1ounce ginger, peeled and cut into julienne, 3 Kafir lime leaves, 1 12 cups water, 1 tablespoon Thai fish sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 pineapple, peeled and cored, 8 ounces canned hearts of palm, 2 green onions, cut into 2inch bias, 2 tablespoons cilantro, leaves only, 1ounce Thai basil, leaves removed and stems reserved], title: Pan Roasted Onaga Red Snapper with Charred Sugarloaf Pineapple, Hawaiian Hearts of Palm and Kafir Lime Jus, picturelink: 8CfEw.dqOpkubjTV7snK7zYljr7eR36}, 12464: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the ground chuck, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. Shape the mixture into 4 12inchthick patties.nLightly drizzle both sides of the mushrooms with the oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nMix the mayonnaise, lemon juice, and garlic in a small bowl to blend. The patties, mushrooms, and garlic mayonnaise can be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead. Cover them separately and refrigerate.nPrepare the barbecue mediumhigh heat. Grill the burgers until cooked to desired doneness, about 4 minutes per side for mediumrare. Grill the mushrooms until just tender, about 5 minutes per side. Grill the focaccia squares cut side down, until lightly toasted, about 2 minutes.nSpread the garlic mayonnaise over the roll bottoms. Cut the mushrooms into strips and arrange the mushroom strips over the mayonnaise. Place the burgers atop the mushrooms. Spread garlic mayonnaise on the cut side of the tops and arrange a handful of arugula on each. Cover the burger with the roll tops and serve., ingredients: [1 14 pounds lean ground chuck, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 portobello mushrooms, stems trimmed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 4 4inch square or round ciabatta or foccacia squares, halved horizontally, 2 cups fresh arugula], title: Beef Burgers with Mushrooms and Aioli, picturelink: zMBlMMIJ1wJb4xn1RuLelyMWYpLNM2y}, 12465: {instructions: Clean the head of the cabbage by removing all the leaves and the hard stems on it. Blanch quickly in boiling water and refresh it in cold water. Clean the wild mushrooms. In a medium pot over low heat sweat the bacon and add the cabbage mix everything together until the cabbage gets very soft add the mushrooms sweat some more the add the chicken broth. Let simmer slowly until the cabbage is very soft. Add a little bit of butter and finish cooking everything. In a saute pan over high heat add oil, sear the char skin side down only. Cook the char until, medium rare .nFinish the cabbage with a little drop of balsamic vinegar. Place the cabbage on a platter and serve the char on top .nServe very hot., ingredients: [1 head green savoy cabbage, 2 ounces wild mushrooms, 2 pieces smoked bacon in large dice, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 ounce butter, 1 small arctic char, 23 pound, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar], title: Arctic Char in a Broth with Cabbage and Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 12466: {instructions: For the chicken: In a large resealable bag, combine 1 tablespoon each of the coriander, cumin and ginger, 2 teaspoons of the red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon of the turmeric, 3 of the garlic cloves, and the cilantro and lemon juice. Add the chicken and refrigerate for 4 hours, turning every hour to distribute the marinade.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and place, skinside up, on a wire rack set over a baking sheet. Drizzle with 14 cup of the olive oil and sprinkle generously with salt on both sides. Roast until the juices run clear when the leg is pierced or the chicken reaches an internal temperature 165 degrees F, 25 to 30 minutes. Let rest at room temperature for about 45 minutes. Cut the chicken off the bone and dice into large bitesize pieces. Set aside.nFor the white sauce: Whisk together the yogurt, mayonnaise, parsley, lemon juice, vinegar, sugar and some salt in a bowl. Set aside.nFor the rice: Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the cumin and lightly toast, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes do not let the butter brown. Add the rice and bay leaf, stirring to coat in the butter. Stir in the chicken broth, and season with salt. Bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer. Cover and cook for 15 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat and let sit, still covered, for another 10 minutes.nMelt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a small skillet. Stir in the turmeric and lightly toast to infuse the butter, about 1 minute. Stir the turmeric butter into the rice just before serving.nFinish the chicken: Heat the remaining 14 cup olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in the remaining 12 teaspoon ground coriander, cumin, ginger and crushed red pepper, 1 teaspoon turmeric and 1 clove minced garlic, along with 1 teaspoon black pepper. Cook, stirring, until aromatic, about 3 minutes turn down the heat if the garlic starts to brown.nAdd the reserved chicken to the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes. Taste and season with salt as necessary. With a slotted spoon, transfer the chicken to a shallow bowl and keep warm. Keep the heat at medium.nSlip the eggs into the same skillet and cook until the whites are set but the yolks are still soft, 2 to 3 minutes.nTo serve: While the eggs are cooking, divide the rice among 4 plates. Spoon the chicken over the rice, top with a fried egg and a very generous drizzle of the white sauce. Serve immediately, with pita if using, tomatoes and lettuce for diners to add as they wish., ingredients: [1 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 2 12 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons turmeric, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 sprigs fresh cilantro, chopped, Juice of 1 lemon, One 4pound chicken, backbone removed, split in half, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup Greek yogurt, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons distilled white vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 cup basmati rice, 1 bay leaf, 1 34 cups chicken broth, preferably low sodium, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 4 large eggs, 4 pitas, warmed, optional, 2 ripe tomatoes, diced, 1 small head iceberg lettuce, shredded], title: Halal GuysInspired Chicken and Rice with Fried Egg, picturelink: UR3QIeyaCLTpBrBMg.6wv.7z1BJKcrK}, 12467: {instructions: For the white bean spread: Combine the cannellini beans, mascarpone, salt and lemon zest in a food processor. Process for 30 seconds, until a paste forms. With the machine running, add the olive oil and lemon juice continue processing until smooth, another 30 seconds. Transfer the spread to a bowl and set aside while you make the tuna salad.nFor the tuna salad: In a medium bowl, stir together the tuna, celery, fennel, fennel fronds, sundried tomatoes, capers, parsley, olive oil, lemon juice, salt and pepper.nTo assemble: Spread each English muffin half with 2 tablespoons of the white bean spread. Add 5 or 6 arugula leaves and top with 2 tablespoons of the tuna salad. Finish with a drizzle of olive oil. Serve., ingredients: [One 15ounce can cannellini beans, rinsed and drained, 4 ounces mascarpone, room temperature, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest 2 small lemons, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 small lemons, One 6.7ounce jar tuna packed in olive oil, drained and flaked, 2 ribs celery with leaves, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fennel or 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fennel fronds, 2 tablespoons finely chopped sundried tomatoes, 1 tablespoon capers, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice 1 small lemon, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 English muffins, halved, lightly toasted, 14 cup baby arugula], title: OpenFaced Tuna Tea Sandwiches with White Bean Spread, picturelink: 6Ci.28xdfuCrpSXrnkEUDQs2Aco1ZO}, 12468: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDrain all but a tablespoon of olive oil from the tuna and then flake the fish into the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Add the anchovy paste, thyme, parsley, lemon zest, and garlic and pulse a few times. Add the lemon juice, 3 tablespoons of olive oil, and the mascarpone and process until almost smooth. Add the olives, capers, salt, and pepper and pulse just to incorporate. Transfer the mixture to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nMeanwhile, heat a gas or charcoal grill or preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Brush the bread lightly on one side with olive oil. Grill the crostini on both sides until lightly browned or arrange the bread on a sheet pan and bake for 6 to 8 minutes. Allow to cool slightly.nMound the tapenade on each toast, sprinkle with parsley, and serve., ingredients: [10 to 12 ounces canned or jarred Italian tuna packed in olive oil, 2 teaspoons anchovy paste, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, plus extra for garnish, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 2 teaspoons minced garlic 2 cloves, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, plus extra for brushing bread, 13 cup Italian mascarpone cheese, 14 cup pitted and chopped kalamata olives, 1 tablespoon drained capers, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 36 slices French bread, cut diagonally], title: Crostini with Tuna Tapenade, picturelink: NHdmQgHzTT789Jf30R3nHZcoZz.KBK}, 12469: {instructions: Place chipotle chile in a small pot and add 12 cup of water. Bring to a boil, cover and remove from heat until cool. When cool, remove stem and seeds from chipotle and chop finely.nIn a large bowl, combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, sugar, salt and baking soda. Melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Cook the onions until soft, about 5 minutes. Add chopped chipotle and set aside.nGrease a cast iron skillet 6 inches in diameter and at least 1inch deep, with 1 teaspoon of the shortening and heat skillet in a 450 degree oven for 10 minutes. Add the remaining shortening to the cornmeal mixture and blend until it resembles coarse crumbs. Add the onion mixture and gradually stir in the buttermilk so that batter that barely holds its shape. Stir until just mixed.nPour batter into the hot skillet and bake it in the middle of a 450 degrees oven for 10 to 12 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes in the pan. Place a rack over the skillet, turn skillet over and invert bread onto rack., ingredients: [1 dried Chipotle chile, 34 cup coarsely ground yellow cornmeal, 14 cup all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon doubleacting baking powder, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 small onion, finely diced, 2 12 teaspoons chilled shortening, 34 cup buttermilk], title: Corn Bread, picturelink: null}, 12470: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix together the granulated sugar, oil and eggs in a large bowl. In another bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. Add the flour mixture to the sugar mixture and combine. Then add the carrots and mix well. Pour the batter into a greased and floured Bundt pan and bake until done, about 50 minutes. Leave to cool completely.nMeanwhile, for the icing: In a larger bowl, cream the butter and cream cheese together. Add the powdered sugar and vanilla and blend. Then mix in the pecans. Spread the icing on the cooled carrot cake.nEat. Faint. Repeat as needed., ingredients: [2 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup vegetable oil, 4 whole eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups grated carrots, Butter, for greasing, 1 stick butter, softened, 1 package 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 pound powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup pecans, chopped finely], title: Sigrids Carrot Cake, picturelink: jqEmHCyMKnW.Mm3kxNHCEaY66xjTe}, 12471: {instructions: Place the butter and flour in the bowl of an electric mixer, mix with paddle attachment the mixture resembles small peas. Add powdered sugar, orange zest, baking powder and salt, mix to combine. Add egg yolks and mix jut enough to make a smooth dough. Do not over mix the dough or it will become tough. Remove the dough from the bowl. If your butter was very cold, you will be able to roll the dough immediately. If not, place it in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. If necessary, remove the dough from the refrigerator. The dough will be hard when it comes out of the refrigerator and you will need to give it a few quick raps with a rolling pin to make it easier to roll. Lightly flour the dough and roll out into a 5 by 10inch rectangle about 14inch thick. Cut 1inch square cookies and place them on a parchment papercovered baking sheet about 12inch apart. Bake until lightly browned, about 15 minutes and cool on a wire rack. Arrange the cookies on a silicone mat covered baking sheet. Cut the stems from the edible flowers and place 1 flower on top of each cookie.nPlace the sugar, corn syrup and water in a large saucepan and cook to 320 degrees F. Pour a small amount of cooked sugar on the short side of a silicone baking mat placed over marble or granite. Use an offset spatula to spread the sugar evenly over the entire mat until it is about 116inch thick. The spread sugar will cool very quickly but you want to use it while it is still warm.nOverturn the sugar layer onto the cookies and remove the silicone mat from the thin sugar sheet. Use a minitorch or heat gun and melt the sugar until it melds into the flower and coats the cookie. Use the heat of the torch to cut the cookies from the sugar. Move the finished cookie to a platter., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cubed, 1 cup plus 1 12 tablespoons powdered sugar, 12 orange, zested, Pinch baking powder, Pinch salt, 4 large egg yolks, Edible flowers, Scant 5 cups or 1 kilo sugar, 1 14 cups or 400 grams corn syrup, 1 cup and 2 tablespoons or 250 grams water], title: Floral Sugar Squares, picturelink: null}, 12472: {instructions: Put the lentils and barley in a saucepan with cold water to cover by about 2 inches. Season with salt, and bring to a boil over high heat reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, until the lentils and barley tender, about 20 minutes. Drain excess liquid and put the beans and grain into a large bowl. Cool.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in skillet over medium heat and cook the onion, garlic, and ginger until the onion is tender, about 4 minutes. Stir in the curry powder and cook until aromatic, about 1 minute more. Cool slightly and then add to the lentils and barley.nStir the cilantro, bread crumbs, and eggs into the lentil mixture, and season with 1 teaspoon salt and pepper, to taste. Puree 1 cup of the burger mix in a food processor until smooth. Return puree back to the bowl and mix well. Form mixture into 6 burgers about 12 cup each. Place on a plate and refrigerate for 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season burgers with salt and pepper and cook 3 burgers, turning once, until golden brown on both sides, about 5 minutes in all. Transfer the browned burgers to a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining oil and burgers. Transfer burgers to the oven, and cook until firm, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile lightly toast buns or pitas. Mix the goat cheese and yogurt in a small bowl until smooth, season with salt and pepper. Put the burgers on the buns, and top with cheese and lettuce, cucumber, radish, andor a squeeze of lime juice, if desired. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup green lentils, picked through and rinsed thoroughly, 14 cup pearl barley, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh ginger, 1 12 teaspoons curry powder, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 1 whole egg plus 1 egg white, lightly beaten, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 sesame burger buns or pocket pitas, 12 cup goat cheese, 2 to 3 ounces, room temperature, 14 cup whole milk yogurt, Lettuce, sliced cucumber, radish, andor a squeeze of fresh lime juice], title: Veggie Burgers, picturelink: null}, 12473: {instructions: Form Potato: Take 3 generous scoops of vanilla ice cream and place in aluminum foil. Mold to shape of baked potato and return to freezer until firm, about 1 hour.nMake Chives: Mix roasted pecan bits with green food coloring until well coated.nMake Butter Patty: In mixer, cream butter with powdered sugar and add yellow food coloring. Spread 14inch thick on foillined pan and freeze about 20 minutes. Remove and cut in 1inch pats.nAssembly: Spoon a generous amount of chocolate sauce on the bottom of a dessert plate. Unwrap frozen potato and dust with cocoa powder all over. Spoon whipped cream on top of potato, sprinkle with chives, and top with butter patablespoon.nPut all ingredients in glass bowl and microwave for 1 minute on high. Remove and whisk until smooth., ingredients: [Vanilla ice cream, softened, 1 cup pecan bits, roasted, 1 teaspoon green food coloring, 4 ounces 1 stick sweet butter, softened, 14 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon yellow food coloring, Chocolate sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup cocoa powder, for dusting, 2 cups whipped cream, 1 cup chocolate chips, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Ice Cream Baked Potato, picturelink: null}, 12474: {instructions: Begin by seasoning the monkfish chunks with salt and pepper. Pour the bottle of white wine into a large pot and cook over medium heat until the alcohol is cooked out. Turn the heat to mediumlow, and add the sliced garlic. In a medium sized pan over high heat, saute the pearl onions in a small amount of olive oil until they begin to brown. Add these to the wine pot. Next, saute the sliced fennel over high heat with some olive oil until they brown, add these to the wine pot. Wait for the onions and fennel to become soft. In a medium pan over high heat, saute the monkfish chunks with olive oil until they begin to brown as well, add these to the wine pot. Repeat the same process with the bay scallops and add them to the wine pot. While all ingredients are in the wine pot, add salt and pepper, to taste. Finally add the tomatoes and marjoram to the pot and cover for 2 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds monkfish fillet, skin removed and cut into chunks, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 bottle dry white wine, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 20 white pearl onions, peeled, Olive oil, 2 heads fennel, fronds removed, bulbs thinly sliced, 1 pound fresh bay scallops, 10 cherry tomatoes, 1 bunch marjoram, picked leaves, roughly chopped], title: Monkfish Crazy Water Style, picturelink: null}, 12475: {instructions: Place the kale into a salad bowl. Toss with the carrot, orange juice, lemon juice ,and salt, and using your hands, rub the acid into the kale. Let the kale sit a few minutes while you shock the onion. Prepare a large bowl of ice water and a saucepan with boiling water. Place the thinly sliced onion into the boiling water for 15 to 30 seconds, and then shock them in the cold water, stopping the cooking immediately. Drain the water and blot the onions with a paper towel. Add the onion, bacon, olive oil, salt and pepper and toss well. Add the mayonnaise and mix the slaw well. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Can be made several hours in advance., ingredients: [1 head kale, stems removed and thinly sliced, 1 large carrot, grated, 12 an orange, juiced, 12 a lemon, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 red onion, sliced very thinly, 1 slice bacon, cooked crisp and chopped, 1 rounded tablespoon mayonnaise], title: Kale Slaw, picturelink: ECtVZAnwK.navVzyuBhvxddPjh7zpqa}, 12476: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the leeks and cook until wilted, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, ginger and curry powder and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add 2 cups of the popcorn and toss to coat in the butter.nAdd the stock, pumpkin and heavy cream. Bring to a simmer. Cook until the leeks are very tender, the popcorn has dissolved away from the kernels and the kernels are softened, about 15 minutes.nPuree the soup with a hand blender or in batches in a countertop blender. Stir in the lime juice and taste for seasoning, adding a little salt if necessary. Thin with up to 12 cup water, if desired. Serve in individual bowls with the remaining popcorn as a garnish.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 medium leeks white and light green parts, thinly sliced and well rinsed, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped peeled fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 2 12 cups plain popped popcorn, 1 quart chicken stock, 1 cup canned pumpkin puree, 12 cup heavy cream, Juice of 1 lime about 2 tablespoons, Kosher salt], title: PumpkinPopcorn Soup, picturelink: tfyfMjad0akuv9WHwcqZQVGiBORMWS.}, 12477: {instructions: Special equipment: bamboo skewers, soaked for 30 minutes or metal skewersnFor the vinaigrette: Add the grapefruit juice and vinegar to a medium bowl. Add the olive oil while whisking to combine. Season with a pinch of salt and pepper.nFor the calamari salad: Mix together the oil, chili flakes, garlic, lemon juice and zest, parsley and some salt in a large bowl. Add the calamari, toss together and let marinate for 20 minutes or up to 1 hour. Preheat a grill to high heat. Remove the calamari from the marinade and skewer them. Skewering the rings of the calamari onto 2 skewers each will help to keep them on the skewer and not fall off into the grill. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, and grill for about 2 minutes per side. They should be slightly charred and opaque. Add the calamari, arugula, grapefruit segments, fennel and vinaigrette to a large bowl and toss. Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup fresh grapefruit juice, 1 12 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Pinch red chili flakes, 1 clove garlic, peeled and finely chopped, Zest of 1 lemon, plus juice of 12 lemon, 1 small bunch fresh parsley, chopped about 13 cup, Sea salt, 1 pound calamari, bodies only, cleaned and sliced into 12inch rings, Freshly ground pepper, 4 handfuls baby arugula, 1 pink grapefruit, segmented, 12 bulb fennel, shaved very thinly on a mandolin], title: Grilled Calamari and Arugula Salad, picturelink: null}, 12478: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nToss the apple wedges and kale with 3 tablespoons vegetable oil and 34 teaspoon salt on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast, stirring occasionally, until the apples are tender and the kale is crisp, about 20 minutes.nWhisk together the almond butter, milk, honey and 1 teaspoon salt in a small bowl.nDredge the chicken in the flour, coat with the almond butter mixture, then roll in the panko breadcrumbs.nHeat 12 inch vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat to 350 degrees F. Pan fry the chicken, adjusting the heat as necessary to prevent burning, until crispy and cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Serve with the roasted kale and apples and lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 crisp, tart apples, such as Granny Smith, cut into wedges, 1 large bunch kale, tough stems removed and chopped into 2 to 3inch pieces, Vegetable oil, for tossing and frying, Kosher salt, 12 cup almond butter, 13 cup milk, 1 tablespoon honey, 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, Panko bread crumbs, for coating, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Almond Fried Chicken with Roasted Kale and Apples, picturelink: rIz9gtbyjbj.q6OQaeEJaWSyi5.XQQi}, 12479: {instructions: Cut squash in half lengthwise, and scoop out the seeds. Arrange the halves cut side down in roasting pan that has been sprayed with nonstick vegetable oil spray. Bake squash in the oven for 4045 minutes or until very tender. Set aside to cool.nWhen the squash is completely cool, scoop the flesh from the skin.nWhile the squash is baking, cook the onion and the ginger in the butter in a saucepan, over moderately low heat, for 5 minutes or until the onion is softened, Add the broth and simmer the mixture for 10 minutes, covered. Add the squash pulp to the sauce pan.nTransfer the mixture to a blender or food processor, in batches, and puree until smooth. Add enough water to achieve the desired consistency, and salt and pepper to taste. Return the soup to the sauce pan and cook over moderate heat until it is hot.nGarnish each portion with the heaping teaspoon of lowfat sour cream., ingredients: [1 medium butternut squash about 2 14 pounds, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 1 medium onion, chopped about 1 cup, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, optional, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cups chicken broth, 12 cups water, as needed, Salt and pepper to taste, Sour cream for garnish], title: Butternut Squash Soup, picturelink: null}, 12480: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the pasta according to the package directions.nHeat the milk and butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the cheeses and stir until melted. Stir in the pepper, salt and seasoned salt. Drain the pasta, and stir it into the cheese sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound mini shells pasta, 2 cups whole milk, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cups grated CheddarJack, 8 ounces processed cheese, such as Velveeta, diced, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon seasoned salt], title: Quick Shells and Cheese, picturelink: oRgZ4.kGsW6if.wmZrRW8pCu1pusT12}, 12481: {instructions: Marinade: Stir together marinade ingredients and reserve one fourth of marinade for sauce. Marinate steak, then broil: Put steak and remaining three fourths of marinade in a glass dish, turning steak to coat, and marinate at room temperature, turning once, 30 minutes. While steak is marinating, cut apples and mango into 1 by 14 inch sticks. Toss together with juice and chili sauce and season with salt. Preheat broiler. Broil steak on rack of a broiler pan 2 to 3 inches from heat until slightly charred, 2 to 3 minutes on each side for medium meat. Let steak stand 5 minutes. Cut crosswise into 14 inch thick slices, then halve slices crosswise. Toss beef in reserved marinade with salt and pepper to taste and divide among lettuce leaves. Top with fruit and sesame seeds., ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup rice vinegar not seasoned, 13 cup chopped scallion, 14 cup 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil, 1 12 teaspoon Asian chili sauce, 1 34 pound skirt steak, 2 small red apples such as Gala, 1 firmripe mango, peeled and pitted, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon Asian chili sauce, or to taste, 60 3 to 4 inch long Bibb lettuce leaves, Toasted sesame seeds], title: Korean Beef Barbecue, picturelink: null}, 12482: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the lentils in a strainer and rinse them under running water. Add them to a bowl, cover with water and let soak for 30 minutes. Drain and set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, combine 2 cups of water, the onions, garlic, ginger, tomatoes, chile, if using, and the lentils. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Skim any scum from the surface. DO NOT ADD SALT YET it will toughen the lentils, thereby lengthening their cooking time. Lower the heat, cover the pot with a lid and gently simmer until the lentils are tender, almost translucent, and almost falling apart, about 30 to 40 minutes.nWhisk the lentils, releasing its natural starch, and mash some them so the mixture becomes thick. Add salt, to taste.nTempering oil bagaar: In a small bowl, combine the cumin and mustard seeds. In another bowl, combine the spice powders. Have all the ingredients ready because this will move very fastnIn a small skillet, over a mediumhigh flame, warm 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. Once the oil is shimmering, add seeds and immediately cover so you dont get covered in spluttering oil and seeds Add the spices. They should sizzle and bubble a little  thats the blooming and its exactly what you want. Dont let them burn. The mixture should bloom for about 30 seconds, no more.nPour the oil mixture into the lentils, standing back so you dont get hurt when the mixture splutters again. Stir to combine. Transfer the lentils to a serving dish and garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [1 cup masoor dal red lentils, picked through for stones, 2 cups water, 1 onion, diced, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, One 12inch piece ginger, peeled and minced, 2 medium tomatoes, diced, 1 serrano chile, sliced in 12, optional, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon black mustard seeds, Generous 12 teaspoon turmeric powder, 12 teaspoon paprika or bafaat powder, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Handful chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Mums Everyday Red Lentils, picturelink: N5.H8K.ra7lHKd8ZfirA3pHkA9vLpu}, 12483: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nFor the gyro meatloaf: Gather the minced onions in a clean kitchen towel and wring out as much liquid as possible. In a large mixing bowl, combine the onion, beef, lamb, milk, breadcrumbs, oregano, thyme, fennel, coriander, egg and some salt and pepper and mix together. Fry up a small test batch taste for salt and pepper, and adjust the seasoning as needed.nTransfer the meatloaf mixture to a food processor and process it to the consistency of a paste. Tightly pack it into a loaf pan, making sure there are no cracks or air pockets. Bake until cooked through, about 45 minutes. Let cool completely before cutting into thin slices.nFor the tzatziki sauce: Grate or mince the cucumber and add it to a bowl along with the yogurt, dill, lemon juice, mint, olive oil, coriander and cumin. Whisk to blend. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the lemon vinaigrette: In a blender, combine the lemon juice, oregano, thyme and mustard. With the motor running, add the olive oil in a slow, steady stream to emulsify.nFor the salad: Toss the lettuce, red onions and tomatoes with about 4 tablespoons of the vinaigrette.nHeat the 1 teaspoon olive oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Briefly warm up the pitas in the pan, giving them just long enough on each side to get hot but not crispy. In the same pan, sear the slices of gyro on both sides, about 2 minutes per side.nSpread 1 heaping tablespoon of tzatziki sauce onto each pita. Top with some slices of meatloaf and finish with some of the salad. Roll the pitas up tightly and wrap them in foil or secure them with a toothpick. Serve., ingredients: [12 cup minced onion, 1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground lamb, 12 cup milk, 13 cup breadcrumbs, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, toasted and ground, Pinch ground coriander, 1 egg, Salt and pepper, 1 English cucumber, peeled and seeded, 1 cup Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon coriander, 12 teaspoon cumin, Salt and pepper, 12 cup lemon juice, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 12 cups olive oil, 2 cups shredded lettuce, 1 cup diced tomatoes, 1 cup sliced red onions, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 6 pitas], title: Gyro, picturelink: null}, 12484: {instructions: Unwrap ham and scrub off any surface mold if you hung in a sack for 6 months youd have mold too. Carefully remove hock with hand saw. If this idea makes you eye your first aid kit, ask your butcher to do it. But make sure you keep the hock, its the best friend collard greens ever had.nPlace ham in cooler and cover with clean water. As long as its not too dirty you can use what southerners call the hose pipe. Stash the cooler in the bushes. If its summer, throw in some ice. If its freezing out, keep the cooler inside. Change the water twice a day for two days turning the ham each time.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace ham in a large disposable turkeyroasting pan and add enough Dr. Pepper to come about halfway up the side of the ham. Add pickle juice if youve got it and tent completely with heavyduty foil. Cook for 12 hour then reduce heat to 325 degrees F, and cook another 1 12 hours.nTurn the ham over, insert an oven safe thermometer probestyle is best and cook another 1 12 hours, or until the deepest part of the ham hits 140 degrees F approximately 15 to 20 minutes per pound total.nLet rest 12 hour then slice paperthin. Serve with biscuits or soft yeast rolls.nCooks note: Even after soaking, country ham is quite salty, so thin slicing is mandatory. If youre a bacon fan, however, cut a thicker 14inch slice and fry it up for breakfast., ingredients: [1 country dry cured ham, 1 liter Dr. Pepper, 1 cup sweet pickle juice, optional], title: Country Ham, picturelink: null}, 12485: {instructions: Put 7 cookies in a resealable plastic bag and crush into crumbs with a heavy pan. Brush the bottoms and about 1 inch up the sides of 6 parfait glasses with the butter. Add a spoonful of crumbs to each and roll them around the insides of the glasses pour out the excess crumbs and reserve for topping. Refrigerate the prepared glasses.nPut 34 cup confectioners sugar, the pumpkin, 1 12 teaspoons bourbon and the nutmeg in a food processor. Pulse until smooth, about 1 minute.nPut the white chocolate chips in a microwavesafe bowl and microwave at 50 power until melted, about 1 minute, stirring halfway. Add to the pumpkin mixture and process until combined. Transfer to a large bowl.nBeat 1 12 cups cream in a bowl with a mixer until soft peaks form fold into the pumpkin mixture until smooth. Divide among the prepared glasses and refrigerate until ready to serve.nBeat the remaining 12 cup cream with a mixer until foamy. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar and 1 teaspoon bourbon and beat until soft peaks form. Top the parfaits with the whipped cream, reserved cookie crumbs and the remaining 6 cookies.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [13 gingersnaps, chocolate wafers or graham crackers, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 12 cup canned pure pumpkin, 2 12 teaspoons bourbon, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 12 cup white chocolate chips, 2 cups cold heavy cream], title: PumpkinPie Parfaits, picturelink: OHNjng6xwXxjX.L8ELs2NPNZfYbLMC}, 12486: {instructions: Make the coffee rub: Toast the cumin seeds in a small dry skillet over low heat until fragrant, about 2 minutes, making sure to shake the pan frequently. Transfer to a spice grinder and finely grind. Mix the toasted cumin seeds with the ground coffee, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 12 tablespoons pepper, the chili powder and cinnamon in a small bowl.nBlot the steaks dry. Brush the meat with a little canola oil. Spread the coffee rub on a baking sheet and roll the steaks in the mixture to coat, using about 1 tablespoon per steak. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour but no longerotherwise, the meat will begin to cure.nPreheat a grill to medium high. Drizzle a little canola oil on both sides of each steak, then grill 5 to 6 minutes per side for medium rare. Transfer the steaks to a cutting board and let rest 15 minutes before slicing.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons cumin seeds, 14 cup freshly ground coffee beans, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 tablespoons chili powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 4 8ounce flat iron steaks, Canola oil], title: Chili and CoffeeRubbed Steaks, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 12487: {instructions: In a large bowl add the peppers, vinegar, oil and oregano. Toss and season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve with sliced grilled bread., ingredients: [2 roasted red peppers, peeled, seeded and sliced, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, Salt and fresh ground pepper], title: Red Pepper Salad, picturelink: null}, 12488: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSpray a 2quart casserole dish with nonstick cooking spray and set aside. Bring a large pot of water to the boil. Salt water, add macaroni, and cook until al dente. Drain into a colander, run under cold water to stop the cooking, and then set aside.nWhile pasta is cooking, combine flour and milk in a large saucepan, whisking until blended. Cook over medium heat until thick, about 10 minutes, stirring constantly. Add cheeses and cook until melted and thickened. Remove from heat and stir in the macaroni and 14 teaspoon salt. Pour mixture into prepared casserole dish. Sprinkle bread crumbs over top. Bake until bubbly, about 30 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, Salt, 3 cups elbow macaroni, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 13 cups 1 percent milk, 34 cup shredded Fontina cheese, 12 cup Parmesan, 12 cup shredded nonfat cheddar, 4 ounces processed light American cheese recommended: Velveeta Light, 12 cup Japanese panko bread crumbs], title: Creamy Four Cheese Macaroni, picturelink: zOEgk7vNfzfeIYI2lr5YIr710Tobm}, 12489: {instructions: For the waffles: Whisk together the buttermilk, cream, butter, food coloring and eggs in a large bowl. Mix together the flours, sugar, cocoa, cornmeal and baking powder in another bowl. Mix the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients in thirds, stirring just until incorporated. Do not overmix. Let rest, covered with plastic wrap, overnight in the refrigerator.nFor the cream cheese mousse: Mix together the cream cheese, sugar, vanilla and orange zest using a mixer until smooth and creamy.nFor the compote: Combine the cherries, molasses, bourbon and salt in a saucepan and heat until the cherries are softened. Serve warm like a chunky syrup.nFire up the waffle iron and get cooking. Pour the batter onto the hot waffle iron and cook to desired doneness. Garnish with bourbon cherry compote, cream cheese mousse, toasted pecans and powdered sugar., ingredients: [2 cups buttermilk, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 ounces unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup natural red food coloring, 4 eggs, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups cake flour, 1 12 cups sugar, 34 cup Dutch process cocoa powder, 12 cup cornmeal, 1 tablespoons baking powder, 8 ounces softened cream cheese, 14 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Zest of 1 orange, 2 cups dried cherries or fresh when in season, 1 cup molasses, 14 cup bourbon, Pinch salt, Toasted pecans, for garnish, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Suppers Red Velvet Waffles, picturelink: null}, 12490: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt together the butter and brown sugar in a 10inch castiron skillet on medium heat. When the sugar and butter have melted together stir in the blackberries, pineapple, thyme leaves and salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the brown sugar begins to bubble, about 3 minutes. Once this happens turn the heat off.nPrepare the cake mix as directed on the package and pour over the fruit. Bake until the cake is slightly golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the creme fraiche: Whisk the creme fraiche, sugar, vanilla bean seeds, lemon zest and salt in a medium bowl to stiff peaks.nTo serve: Serve slices of cake warm or at room temperature with dollops of vanilla creme fraiche., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 pint blackberries, 1 cup canned diced pineapple, drained, Leaves from 2 sprigs thyme, Pinch kosher salt, 1 box yellow cake mix I like Duncan Hines, 12 ounces creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, Seeds from 12 vanilla bean, Zest of 12 lemon, Pinch kosher salt], title: CastIron Fruit Cake, picturelink: w22lCsR.UZ2tTS5NWXrFZQBZ4IbQaO}, 12491: {instructions: In a medium nonreactive saucepan, combine the cream, green tea, and vanilla extract. Halve the vanilla beans and scrape the seeds into the cream. Add the scraped beans to the mixture and bring just to a boil over high heat. Immediately reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, until the mixture has reduced by 14, about 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool, then refrigerate, covered, for at least 6 hours and preferably overnight.nChill a medium bowl. Strain the creamtea mixture into the chilled bowl, and beat until stiff peaks form.nIn the top of a double boiler over barely shimmering water, combine the confectioners sugar, egg yolks, and eggs, and cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture forms a ribbon when the whisk is lifted from the pan, 12 to 15 minutes.nTransfer to a mixer bowl and beat at high speed until lightened and pale in color, about 10 minutes. Fold in the whipped cream. Prepare a parchment paper collar to wrap around the outside of each ramekin. Generously pour the mixture into the ramekins and freeze until firm, at least 8 hours, and preferably overnight.nRemove the parchment paper from the outside of each ramekin, surround each souffle with a marinated cherry, and serve.nIn a small saucepan, combine the sake, sugar, cherries, and water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Remove from the heat, cool to room temperature, and chill, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup loose green tea, 3 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 4 vanilla beans, preferably Tahitian, 12 egg yolks plus 6 eggs, 1 34 cups confectioners sugar, 8 4ounce ramekins, for the souffles, 12 cup sake, 12 cup sugar, 2 ounces dried cherries, 14 cup water], title: Green Tea Iced Souffle with SakeMarinated Dried Cherries, picturelink: null}, 12492: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter. Add shallots and saute 1 minute. Season with a pinch of salt. Add lemon juice, wine, stock and cream. Simmer over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes, until reduced to about 2 tablespoons.nLower the heat and whisk in the remaining butter 1 tablespoon at a time, adding each piece when the previous one is almost melted.nAdd hot sauce and season with salt and pepper to taste. Strain the sauce through a fine sieve, into a bowl. Cover to keep warm until ready to serve.nMix together the mustard powder, salt, and pepper. Brush the top of the salmon fillets with the melted butter. Season both sides with the mustard mixture and set aside.nPut the soaked shingles in the oven, directly on the racks, for about 3 to 5 minutes until the wood is lightly browned on top. Carefully take the shingles out of the oven and place them on a heatproof surface.nTurn on the oven broiler.nImmediately brush the shingles with a thin layer of olive oil and lay the salmon fillets, skinned side down, on the browned side of each shingle. Place the shingles under the broiler and cook the fish for about 5 to 7 minutes, until firm but not dry. Remove the fillets to a platter or serve directly from the shingles.nJust before serving, stir the parsley and grated eggs into the reserved warm egg sauce. Fold in chives and caviar if using. Top the fillets with the egg sauce and a sprinkling of chives, and a dollop of caviar if using., ingredients: [14 teaspoon dry mustard powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, skinned, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 2 cedar or alder planks, or 2 untreated cedar shingles or shims available at lumberyards, about 5 inches wide and 12 inches long, soaked at least 2 hours, or overnight, so as not to flame up, Olive oil, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 8 pieces, 1 teaspoon minced shallots or scallions, 14 cup dry white wine, 14 cup fish stock, chicken stock or lowsalt canned chicken broth, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 13 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 hardcooked eggs, coarsely grated or chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh chives, optional, 1 tablespoon Californian sturgeon caviar, optional], title: AlderPlanked Salmon with Egg Sauce, picturelink: Heb8r6zM72y3fCsmeU4AcZ3dxZjHkO}, 12493: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCook onion, garlic, oregano, and red pepper flakes in 1 tablespoon oil in a 4quart heavy pot over moderately high heat, stirring, until onion is softened, about 3 minutes. Add wine and boil until reduced by 12, about 3 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and salt, then reduce heat, and simmer briskly, stirring frequently, until slightly thickened, about 8 minutes. Stir shrimp into sauce and simmer, stirring occasionally, until shrimp are just cooked through, about 3 minutes.nWhile sauce and shrimp are cooking, cook orzo in a 6quart pot of boiling salted water until al dente. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain orzo in a sieve. Return orzo to pot and toss with remaining tablespoon oil. Stir in sauce with shrimp and reserved cooking water, then add olives and salt and pepper, to taste.nSpoon 12 of pasta into an oiled 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish, then sprinkle with 12 of feta. Top with remaining pasta and feta, then bake in middle of oven, uncovered, until cheese is slightly melted and pasta is heated through, 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 medium onion, finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 14 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 28 to 32ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 pounds large shrimp about 36, shelled and deveined, 1 pound orzo riceshaped pasta, 12 cup Kalamata or other brinecured black olives, pitted and chopped, 1 pound feta, patted dry and crumbled 3 cups], title: Baked Orzo with Shrimp, Tomato Sauce, and Feta, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 12494: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the ground beef in a large pot and throw in the garlic. Cook over medium heat until browned. Drain off the excess fat, and then pour in the tomato sauce, chili powder, cumin, oregano, salt and cayenne. Stir together well, cover, and then reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. If the mixture becomes overly dry, add 12 cup water at a time as needed.nAfter an hour, place the masa harina in a small bowl. Add 12 cup water and stir together with a fork. Dump the masa mixture into the chili. Stir together well, and then taste and adjust the seasonings. Add more masa paste and or water to get the chili to your preferred consistency, or to add more corn flavor. Add the beans and simmer for 10 minutes. Serve with shredded Cheddar, chopped onions, tortilla chips and lime wedges., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, One 8ounce can tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup masa harina, One 15ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, One 15ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, Shredded Cheddar, for serving, Chopped onions, for serving, Tortilla chips, for serving, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Simple, Perfect Chili, picturelink: SG3YLXrOs8y4QsVB4IDQvNqo9PWnn2u}, 12495: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the cream cheese, ranch dressing mix and the black pepper together thoroughly.nSpread the mixture on the tortillas, and then sprinkle over the diced bell peppers and green onions. Roll up tightly, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until party time for at least 1 hour.nSlice into small wheels and serve., ingredients: [2 packages cream cheese, softened, 1 package ranch dressing mix, Freshly ground black pepper, 5 flour tortillas, 12 cup finely diced green bell peppers, 12 cup finely diced red bell peppers, 2 green onions, sliced], title: Holiday Roll Ups, picturelink: 9gI2x8rsHoIZyzF6QSI9QibHIvOt2.}, 12496: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F and arrange a rack in middle.nWhisk together milk, cream, eggs, 12 cup sugar, liqueur, vanilla, and salt in a medium bowl until egg is broken up and mixture is smooth. Evenly distribute bread and walnuts in a 2 quart baking dish, pour custard mixture over bread, and allow to soak for at least 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring about 8 cups water to a simmer over mediumhigh heat.nEvenly distribute remaining 1 tablespoon sugar over bread pudding. Set the filled baking dish into a larger roasting pan and add enough of the hot water to reach halfway up the sides of the baking dish. Bake until custard is set and top is lightly browned, about 50 to 60 minutes. Remove from water bath and let sit 5 to 10 minutes before serving. Serve warm, at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 34 cup heavy cream, 4 large eggs, 12 cup granulated sugar plus 1 tablespoon for garnish, 13 cup nutflavored liqueur recommended: Di Saronno or Frangelico, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 7 cups large dice cinnamon challah or plain challah or brioche plus 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon about 10 ounces challah, 1 cup walnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped], title: Cinnamon Roll Bread Pudding, picturelink: ojL9z2BYE.mRivqMTclZIvyGRwZqe}, 12497: {instructions: 1. Lengthwise cut bananas in half. Crosswise cut each half into two pieces. In large nonstick skillet coated with cooking spray place banana pieces, cut side down. Cook over mediumhigh heat about 2 minutes or until lightly browned. Carefully turn. Add orange juice. Cook, frequently shaking skillet, about 1 minute more or until banana pieces soften.n2. Heat one Kelloggsu00ae Eggou00ae Homestyle waffle according to package directions. Place waffle on serving plate. Top with banana pieces. Pour any remaining juices from skillet over waffle and bananas. Add about 2 tablespoons yogurt and garnish as desired.nFor more great recipes, visit www.Kelloggs.com.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9 2010 Kellogg NA Co., ingredients: [4 Kelloggsu00ae Eggou00ae Homestyle waffles, 3 large ripe bananas, 14 cup orange juice, 12 cup low fat Greek yogurt, 14 cup toasted slivered almonds, milled flaxseed, toasted coconut or AllBran], title: Kelloggsand174 Eggoand174 Waffles with Caramelized Bananas and Greek Yogurt, picturelink: null}, 12498: {instructions: Make the crust:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt butter and sugar together in a saucepan over medium heat. Gradually add cookie crumbs and stir to combine well. Press crumb mixture onto the bottom and up the sides of a 9inch pie dish. Bake crust 10 to 12 minutes. Cool completely.nFor filling:nHeat the milk over medium heat until warmed, but not boiling. Beat the yolks in a large bowl. Slowly whisk the warm milk into the yolks and add the vanilla. Whisk sugar, cornstarch, and salt together in heavy medium saucepan. Over medium heat, gradually whisk in the egg, milk, and vanilla mixture to the dry ingredients until custard thickens and you can see the tracks from the whisk in the bottom of the pan, about 6 minutes. Remove from heat. Transfer custard to large bowl and fold in bananas cover bowl with plastic wrap and cool custard completely in refrigerator, about 1 12 hours.nWhen custard has chilled, make topping by whipping cream with sugar and vanilla in a mixer at high speed until soft peaks form. Fold in most of the remaining chocolate cookie crumbs, reserving a few for garnish.nStir custard to loosen, if necessary. Spread over bottom of prepared crust. Top with whipped cream mixture. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Scatter remaining chocolate crumbs over top just before serving., ingredients: [2 cups coarse chocolate cookie crumbs, plus 14 cup for topping, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 cups whole milk, 4 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 ripe bananas about 1 12 pounds total, peeled, halved lengthwise, and sliced 14inch thick, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped to soft peaks, 2 tablespoons sugar, A few drops vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Cookie Crust Banana Cream Pie, picturelink: gRo.yBUmUhUcSE544hp.pWWKUqy45m}, 12499: {instructions: For a nobother dessert, set out your favorite dessert wine with biscotti or almond cookies for dipping and a combination of fresh and dried fruits as compliments., ingredients: [A selection of your favorite dessert wines, such as: Sweet Sherry, Port, Vin Santo, Riesling, Asti Spumante, 12 store bought semisweet cookies, such as almond toasts or biscotti, 1 pound fresh red or green seedless grapes, 2 ripe pears, 8 ounces assorted dried fruit: apricots, dates, figs], title: Dessert Wines, Cookies, Fresh and Dried Fruits, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 12500: {instructions: Peel and cut the melon into large chunks. Put into a food processor, add salt, and puree until smooth. Put puree into a pitcher and refrigerator for at least an hour or until well chilled.nServe ice cold in chilled martini glasses garnished with Crispy Prosciutto and a sprig of mint.n8 slices prosciuttonPlace prosciutto slices into a cold nonstick pan in a single layer. This will have to be done in batches. Cook over medium heat until browned. Carefully turn the slices over and continue cooking until brown and crispy. The slices should be stiff when picked up. Drain on paper towels.nYield: 8 slices, ingredients: [1 small seedless watermelon or seeded cantaloupe, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 Crispy Prosciutto, recipe follows, for garnish, 8 mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Melon and Prosciutto Straight Up, picturelink: null}, 12501: {instructions: Puree 3 cups strawberries, 14 cup orangeflavored liqueur, 13 cup fresh lime juice, 34 cup tequila preferably anejo, 2 tablespoons honey and a pinch of salt in a blender. Add 3 cups ice and blend until smooth. Divide among 4 stemmed glasses garnish with strawberries dipped in sugar., ingredients: [], title: Frozen Strawberry Margaritas, picturelink: jQ7Q6L9r4VVQvAygZ2I0J6jD0tX0NgW}, 12502: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace all the vegetables and garlic in a large pot and fill with cool water to cover season with a teaspoon of salt. Bring to boil over medium heat and simmer for about 30 minutes, until the vegetables are very tender.nWhile the vegetables are cooking, combine the heavy cream, butter, and herbs in a pot and heat over low flame to melt the butter and infuse the herb flavor into the cream  do not allow to boil. Shut off the heat, cover, and let steep until needed. When ready to use, remove the herb stems and the bay leaves.nDrain vegetables and put them into a large mixing bowl. Mash with a potato masher. Stir in the warm cream mixture and mix until the liquid is absorbed and the vegetables are smooth season with salt and pepper. Put the mashed root vegetables in a serving bowl, garnish with chopped chives and drizzle with a healthy dose of olive oil., ingredients: [3 pounds assorted root vegetables, such as carrots, parsnips, turnips, and rutabaga, coarsely, 4 garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 handful fresh thyme sprigs, 1 handful fresh rosemary sprigs, 2 bay leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch fresh chives, chopped, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Savory Mashed Root Vegetables, picturelink: 5aGFatz0bV17QA175PSfZu5pVxHBti}, 12503: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the potatoes on a rimmed baking sheet and toss with the olive oil and sprinkle with 34 teaspoon salt. Bake until a knife inserted into the potatoes goes in with little to no resistance, about 1 hour. Allow to cool slightly.nIn a medium skillet, cook the bacon over mediumlow heat until the fat is rendered and the bacon is crispy, about 10 minutes. Drain well and place half of the bacon into a bowl. Add the panko, 2 tablespoons chives and 2 tablespoons Parmesan. Mix to combine and set aside.nIn another bowl, combine the sour cream, butter, heavy cream, the remaining bacon, 14 cup Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chives and 14 teaspoon salt. Set aside.nWhen the potatoes are cool enough to handle but still warm, cut off the top third of each potato. Remove the skin from the tops. Using a 1 teaspoon measure or a melon baller, scoop out some of the insides of the cooked potatoes, leaving 14inch borders around the edges. This creates little boats. Place the scooped insides and the peeled tops of the potatoes in a medium bowl and mash using a potato masher or the back of a fork. Add the reserved bacon and sour cream mixture. Using a rubber spatula, mix together the filling until well combine. Spoon the filling back into the potato boats until slightly overfilled and mounded on top. Top with a sprinkling of the panko mixture and a drizzle of olive oil. Bake until the filling is heated through and the topping is golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 pounds medium Yukon gold potatoes 12 to 14 potatoes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 ounces bacon, chopped fine, 13 cup panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus 2 tablespoons, 14 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, at room temperature], title: Mini TwiceBaked Potatoes, picturelink: QP0UI0cSaVmMITFQwvDyzZwF7TtE3U6}, 12504: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bring a large pot of water to a boil.nMelt the butter in a castiron skillet set over low heatu00bfit is very important that this step be on low heat Add the cubed cheddar and melt until creamy, stirring constantly. Stir in the egg, taking care not to let it scramble.nWhile the cheese is melting, add the olive oil and salt to the pot of boiling water. Add the pasta cook for 10 minutes. Strain and return the pasta to the pot.nAdd the melted cheese and egg mixture to the cooked pasta, along with the cream of mushroom soup, the evaporated milk and the sour cream stir, then add half of the cracker crumbs. Mix together until the pasta is well coated and the sauce comes together.nAdd half of the pasta mixture to a 9by13inch baking dish and top with half of the shredded cheddar. Add the remaining half of the pasta, followed by the remaining shredded cheddar. Sprinkle the remaining cracker crumbs over the top. Bake for 40 minutes., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons salted butter, 4 blocks 8 ounces each sharp cheddar cheese, such as Cracker Barrel, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon olive oil, Pinch kosher salt, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 1 can cream of mushroom soup, 12 can evaporated milk, such as Carnation, 5 tablespoons sour cream, 8 ounces extrasharp cheddar cheese, shredded, 1 cup crumbled butter crackers, such as Ritz], title: Corys Famous Mac and Cheese, picturelink: Xem.7RcJDLY4FHMF9rlmu0zfrbTDi}, 12505: {instructions: In a collins glass filled with ice, pour in orange vodka and fill almost to the top with mango nectar. Pour grenadine over top. As grenadine sinks, float dark rum by pouring over the back of a spoon., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 1 shot orange vodka, Mango nectar, 12 shot grenadine, 1 shot dark rum], title: Sunset Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 12506: {instructions: Mango Pork Tenderloin:nCombine all the dry rub ingredients in a small bowl.nCoat the loins with the dry rub, put them into a resealable plastic bag and refrigerate for 2 hours. Puree the soy sauce, white wine, orange juice, ketchup, ginger, garlic and sugar in a blender until smooth. Add the marinade to the tenderloins, and refrigerate for 4 to 6 hours.nRemove the tenderloins from the marinade and allow them to rest at room temperature for 30 minutes.nCombine all the ingredients in a nonstick saucepan over medium heat and simmer hard, stirring often, until the mango breaks down and thickens to a jam.nTransfer the marinade to a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the mango jam and the sweet chili sauce, and bring to a hard simmer. Reduce the mixture by 12 the volume, stirring occasionally, as the sugars can settle and burn. Remove 12 of the marinade to a small bowl and set aside for service.nSweet Ginger Rice:nCook the rice according to package directions. Coat the inside of an 8 by 8inch baking dish with cooking spray.nTransfer 2 cups of the warm cooked rice to a mixing bowl. Add the pickled ginger, fish sauce and chili garlic sauce and gently combine. Press the mixture into the baking dish, cover and refrigerate until cooled and set, about 1 hour.nWhen the pork loins have been put on the grill gently turn the set rice cake out onto a cutting board. Cut the cake corner to corner to make 4 triangles. Heat the 2 tablespoons of oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Carefully add the 4 rice cakes. If a part of the cake breaks away, gently press it back into shape. Saute on the first side until the cakes have caramelized, about 15 minutes. Carefully turn the cakes over, add 1 tablespoon oil and 1 tablespoon butter. Saute the second side until you can hear the caramelized cakes gently scratching the bottom when the pan is jiggled, about 10 to 15 minutes.nGrilled Pineapple:nCut the pineapple lengthwise into logs or wedges, then cut in half and put them into a large bowl. Combine the rum, sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl and pour it over the pineapple. Allow it to sit at room temperature for 1 hour.nWhen the tenderloins have been removed from the grill to rest, grill the pineapple on mediumhigh heat for a couple minutes per side turning and basting with the rum sauce to achieve caramelized grill marks.nPrepare a charcoal or gas grill with 1 side mediumhigh heat and 1 side mediumlow heat. Sear the loins on all 4 sides on mediumhigh for 3 minutes per side. Move the loins to the mediumlow heat side. Baste with the marinade, close grill and cook, basting every 5 minutes, until the loins reach mediumrare or to desired doneness.nRemove the loins to a cutting board and cover loosely with foil. Let rest for 15 minutes before carving on the diagonal into 14inch medallions. Transfer the medallions to a serving platter and serve with sweet ginger rice, grilled pineapple and reserved marinade., ingredients: [3 tablespoons paprika, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons seasoned salt, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon ground oregano, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 1 package fresh pork tenderloin 2 loins, 12 cup soy sauce, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup ketchup, 3 tablespoons peeled and chopped fresh ginger, 4 to 5 peeled garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 cup mango jam, recipe follows, 14 cup Asian sweet chili sauce, 1 cup chopped fresh sweet mango, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 cup sushi rice, Cooking spray, 1 tablespoon slivered pickled ginger, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 tablespoon chili garlic sauce, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 peeled and cored fresh pineapple, 14 cup spiced rum, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Mango Pork Tenderloin with Sweet Ginger Rice and Grilled Pineapple, picturelink: 7MxTEN6nnc3HDQYBzPO42UlNUBIXGui}, 12507: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. For the potato topper: Boil the potatoes in salted water until just tender. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. Heat the butter and EVOO in a small skillet over medium heat and toast the caraway seeds. Pour the caraway mixture over the potatoes and season with salt and pepper. Spread the potatoes on a baking sheet and squish them with the bottom of a water glass to flatten them. Roast until crisp, 25 to 30 minutes. Leave the oven on. Meanwhile, for the casserole filling: Heat the EVOO in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the corned beef and cook until browned, and then remove to a plate. Add the ground beef and cook until browned. Add the garlic, celery, bay leaf, carrots and onions and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Return the corned beef to the skillet. Heat the butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and cook, whisking, until light golden. Whisk in the beer, Worcestershire, mustard and consomme season with pepper. Pour the gravy over the corned beef mixture and stir to combine. Transfer to a casserole dish and top with the sauerkraut, cheeses and potatoes. Bake until the cheese is melted and the casserole is heated through. Meanwhile, for the Russian dressing topper: Combine the sour cream, ketchup, relish and hot sauce and season with salt and pepper. Drizzle the casserole with the dressing and garnish with watercress just before serving. Cooks Note: The unbaked casserole can be covered and refrigerated for a makeahead meal. Reheat in the oven before serving., ingredients: [2 pounds baby red or yellow potatoes, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, Freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 1 pound thickcut goodquality corned beef, chopped, 1 pound ground beef sirloin, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 to 3 small stalks celery with leafy tops, finely chopped, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 rounded tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup lager beer, room temperature, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, One 10ounce can beef consomme or 1 12 cups beef stock, One 1pound bag sauerkraut, rinsed and drained well, 1 12 cups shredded goodquality Swiss cheese, 1 cup shredded or crumbled sharp white Cheddar, 1 small bunch watercress, chopped, 1 cup sour cream, 13 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons sweet pickle relish, Few dashes hot sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: ReubenStyle Shepherds Pie, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 12508: {instructions: Using a longhandled fork, char chiles over an open flame, turning, until skins are blackened, 4 to 6 minutes. Alternatively, broil chiles on a broiler pan about 2 inches from heat, turning occasionally until skins are blistered and charred. Transfer chiles to a bowl and let stand, covered, until cool enough to handle. Using a small knife, carefully scrape the charred skin off the chiles leave the stems attached.nCarefully cut a lengthwise slit in each chile to form a pocket, and cut out and discard the seeds. Stuff each chile with some of the mild cheddar, and thread shut with a toothpick. In a large saucepan, melt enough shortening to reach 12inch up the sides, and heat to 375 degrees F. on a deepfat thermometer.nPreheat the broiler. In a bowl, combine flour, salt, and pepper. In another bowl, carefully fold yolks into egg whites. Working in batches, dredge the chiles in the flour and, using a slotted spoon, dip into the eggs to coat completely. Fry, turning occasionally, until golden, no more than a couple of minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer chiles careful, they are delicate to paper towels to drain.nArrange chiles on a flameproof plate and sprinkle with the sharp cheddar. Broil chiles just long enough to melt cheese and serve immediately, accompanied by salsa, if desired., ingredients: [8 poblano chiles, 34 pound grated mild cheddar cheese about 3 cups, Vegetable shortening for frying, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 large egg yolks, beaten, 4 large egg whites, beaten until foamy, 14 pound grated sharp cheddar about 1 cup, Accompaniment: Prepared salsa], title: Chiles Rellenos, picturelink: null}, 12509: {instructions: Mix the sugar, sesame seeds and cinnamon in a small bowl. Lay out a 12by16inch piece of parchment paper. Sprinkle 12 cup of the sugar mixture evenly on the paper. Lay the puff pastry on top and sprinkle with another 12 cup of the sugar mixture. Roll out the dough into a 12inch square, pressing the sugar into the dough with the rolling pin. Roll up the dough tightly into a log. Wrap in the parchment paper and freeze until firm, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Slice the log into 12inchthick rounds and place 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. If the spirals unravel, pinch them back together. Freeze until firm, about 20 minutes.nBake until the pastry is puffed and light brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with the remaining sugar mixture. Return to the oven and bake until the cookies are glazed and golden, 10 to 15 more minutes. Use a spatula to transfer the warm cookies to another sheet of parchment paper, flipping them over before the sugar hardens. Let cool completely. Store in an airtight container up to 1 week.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 12 cup sesame seeds, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 7to9ounce sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed half of a box], title: Golden Sesame RollUps, picturelink: OSF9ayg900LjBbsnXCOKz3zar2fxA.}, 12510: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter 12 4ounce ramekins. Melt chocolate and butter in double boiler, stirring gently. Add sugar. Remove from heat and keep warm.nIn a large bowl beat eggs and yolks until volume is doubled. Fold in flour gently until well incorporated. Fold 14 of warm chocolate mixture with egg mixture, to temper. Combine mixtures by folding gently. Fill ramekins 23 full. Bake for 4 to 6 minutes., ingredients: [12 pound bittersweet Vahlrona Chocolate, 12 pound diced unsalted butter 2 sticks, 2 14 ounces sugar, 4 eggs, lightly beaten, 4 yolks, 2 14 ounces cake flour, sifted], title: Chocolate Ganache, picturelink: null}, 12511: {instructions: Boil the black beans in water with onions, 12 cup green peppers, chipotle peppers, salt and pepper. Add additional water if needed. Cook beans until slightly tender, then add the 14 cup green pepper and remaining ingredients and simmer approximately 45 minutes to 1 hour. Add water as necessary for consistency., ingredients: [3 pounds black beans, dry, 2 quarts water, 1 12 cups onions, chopped, 12 cup green pepper, chopped plus 14 cup green pepper, chopped, 2 tablespoons chipotle chili pepper, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 quart chili sauce, 14 cup red pepper, chopped, 12 cup tomatoes, diced, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon cumin, 1 teaspoon lime juice, 2 bunches cilantro, chopped, 3 cups water or vegetable stock], title: Mexican Black Bean Chili, picturelink: null}, 12512: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPour the cream into a saucepan over mediumlow heat. Scrape the vanilla caviar from the vanilla bean and add it to the cream or add the vanilla extract if using instead. Bring almost to the boil, and then turn off the heat.nPlace the egg yolks in a large bowl and add 34 cup sugar. With a whisk, mix the eggs and sugar together. Now, break out your elbow grease and take a deep breath. Youre going to need to whisk the mixture like crazy for 3 or 4 minutes, until its very light yellow in color.nPlace a fine mesh strainer over a large bowl. Pour the hot cream into the bowl through the strainer.nTo temper the egg mixture, very slowly drizzle 1 cup of the hot cream into the eggsugar mixture, whisking constantly to prevent the eggs from cooking. Continue adding the rest of the hot cream to the bowl very slowly, whisking constantly. You can add the cream a little more rapidly as the mixture warms.nPlace ramekins on a rimmed baking sheet and ladle in the custard until the ramekins are threequarters full.nPlace the baking sheet inside the oven, and then pour water into the baking sheet until it reaches twothirds of the way up the ramekins.nBake until the custard is set but not brown, 35 to 40 minutes, watching carefully to avoid browning.nRemove the ramekins and allow to cool. Refrigerate the custards, covered, for at least 2 hours or overnight.nWhen you are ready to serve the dessert, sprinkle the top of each custard generously with superfine sugar. Use a kitchen torch to burn the sugar to a crisp, working quickly to avoid cooking the custard below. You may also place the ramekins on a pan and put them right under the broiler, but you have to be careful not to affect the custard below.nServe immediately with spoons., ingredients: [1 quart heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, split, or 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 10 egg yolks, 34 cup superfine sugar, plus extra for sprinkling], title: Creme Brulee, picturelink: TTtn31X9Y4uqD4XKUvSJ4GR.zZure}, 12513: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large soup pot over medium heat. Add the onion, celery, and carrots and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 12 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, for 2 minutes more.nPour in the broth and bring to a boil while whisking constantly. Tie the parsley sprigs, thyme, and bay leaf together with a piece of kitchen twine and add to the soup. Lower the heat and simmer for 15 minutes.nStir in the chicken and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat.nWhisk the heavy cream, sherry, and salt into the soup and season with pepper to taste. Remove and discard the herb bundle. Divide among soup bowls, sprinkle the top of each soup with the chopped parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, 1 medium Spanish onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery with leaves, chopped, 3 medium carrots, chopped, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon flour, 7 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 3 sprigs parsley, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 2 34 cups cooked, diced chicken, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 12 teaspoons dry sherry, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Cream of Chicken Soup, picturelink: null}, 12514: {instructions: Combine milk, sugar, and butter in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Add semolina, and cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens. Put the pudding in four 4ounce cups that are rinsed with cold water and lightly sprayed with nonstick cooking spray.nBoil currants with the water, sugar, and lemon juice. Cook until the sugar is dissolved and the currants are very soft, about 10 minutes. Puree mixture in a blender and then push through a strainer to get a smooth sauce.nRefrigerate pudding and sauce until cold, about 2 hours. Unmold the pudding onto dessert plates and dress with sauce., ingredients: [1 quart milk, 3 12 ounces sugar, 1 34 ounces butter, 3 ounces semolina, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 14 ounces fresh red currants, 12 cup water, 14 cup sugar, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Semolina Pudding with Red Currant Sauce, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 12515: {instructions: Saute pears in butter for about 3 to 4 minutes or until just soft and golden. Add the vanilla, port and lemon juice. Toss for a couple of minutes just to reduce sauce a little. Remove from heat. Whip cream with icing sugar until peaks begin to form. Fold in the ground praline. Serve over warm pears.nIn a medium saucepan with heavy bottom on high, heat sugar until melted and starting to turn amber. Add the pumpkin seeds and continue to cook for about 2 minutes or until sugar turns a rich brown caramel color. Be cautious because seeds will pop. Tilt pan to blend sugar, do not stir. Ensure that you have a baking sheet lined with parchment paper ready as mixture is very hot. Remove from heat immediately and pour onto baking sheet. Let cool completely. Transfer to food processor and grind., ingredients: [2 large bosc pears, ripe but fir , peeled, cored and sliced, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 vanilla bean, scraped, 14 cup port, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 cup whipping cream, whipped to soft peaks, 1 tablespoon icing sugar, Ground pumpkin seed praline, recipe follows, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup pumpkin seeds, shelled], title: Sauteed Pears with Pumpkin Seed Praline Cream, picturelink: null}, 12516: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet. Add the cracked wheat and saute until toasty brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the broth, cover and cook until the wheat is tender, about 20 minutes. If the wheat is tender but has not absorbed all of the water, remove the cover and cook for another few minutes, stirring occasionally until the excess moisture has evaporated. Add the sundried tomatoes and pesto season to taste with salt and pepper. Add the chick peas, cover and cook for about 5 minutes or until the chick peas are heated through. Adjust seasoning. Serve with sour cream or plain yogurt as a topping., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup cracked wheat, 1 and 12 cups chicken broth, 6 sundried tomatoes, packed in olive oil, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons pesto, homemade or store bought, Salt and pepper, 16 ounce can chick peas, drained, Plain yogurt or sour cream, optional], title: Mediterranean Skillet Supper, picturelink: null}, 12517: {instructions: Combine the flour, sugar, salt, and lemon zest in a large mixing bowl. Add the butter and mix with a pastry blender or your fingers until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the egg yolk and ice water and work that in with your hands. Or do the whole thing in a food processor, pulsing a couple of times to combine the dry ingredients, then pulsing in the butter, and then the egg. Check the consistency of the dough by squeezing a small amount together between thumb and forefingers: You want there to be just enough moisture to bind the dough so that it holds together without being too wet or sticky. If its still crumbly, add a little more ice water, 1 teaspoon at a time. When you get it to the right consistency, shape the dough into a disk and wrap it in plastic. Put it in the refrigerator and chill for at least 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 lemon, zested and finely grated, 34 cup 1 12 sticks cold, unsalted butter, cut into small chunks, 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons ice water, plus more if needed], title: Basic Pie Pastry, picturelink: null}, 12518: {instructions: Place the mayonnaise, garlic, toasted paprika, cayenne and lemon juice in a blender and blend until smooth. Preheat grill. Brush the crabs with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill. Place 1 crab on each roll, spread with aioli and top with watercress., ingredients: [1 cup prepared mayonnaise, 6 cloves roasted garlic, 2 teaspoons Spanish paprika, toasted, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 softshell crabs, cleaned, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups watercress, washed, 4 large crusty rolls], title: Softshell Crab Sandwich with Toasted Paprika Aioli, picturelink: null}, 12519: {instructions: Wash rice at least 3 times or until water is clear. Fill rice cooker or casserole with water to about 1inch over rice. I highly recommend a rice cooker B more than 2 billion people use them in Asia for a reason. Slowly heat vinegar, mirin and sugar until very hot but not boiling. Fold in su vinegar and sugar with the hot rice, add enough so that the rice has a tartsweet taste. Rice should be shiny, not mushy. Carefully put rice in a clean bowl, cover with a damp cloth and let rest for 30 minutes. Lay down nori on sushi mat and lightly pat on rice on bottom 23rds of nori. Place smoked salmon, jicama, daikon, gari and a touch of wasabi oil. Roll, moisten end and let rest., ingredients: [4 cups sushi rice Calroseshort grain, Water, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup mirin, 12 cup sugar, 8 sheets of nori, 1 cup smoked salmon strips, 1 cup of jicama strips, 1 cup diakon sprouts, 14 cup gari pickled ginger julienned, Wasabi oil, Soy syrup], title: Smoked Salmon and Jicama Maki Sushi Rolls, picturelink: null}, 12520: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut 4 pieces of parchment paper into 1foot squares and place on a flat surface may use aluminum foil if desired. In the center each piece, lay down a piece of catfish. Divide the remaining ingredients among the servings. Fold in the edges of the parchment paper and seal tightly to form a bundle. Rub the top of the parchment with a little olive oil to prevent the paper from scorching in the oven. Place packages on baking sheet and bake until the packages puff and fish is opaque, about 15 minutes. The potatoes and tomatoes should be very soft.nTransfer packages to plates. Allow each guest to open his or her own package at the table. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [4 catfish fillets, 6ounces each, 4 baby red potatoes, thinly sliced in circles, 2 Roma tomatoes, cut in half, 16 basil leaves, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 teaspoons butter, 2 lemons, sliced in circles, 4ounce can artichoke hearts in water, drained and quartered, 14 cup Kalamata or other black olives, pitted, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Catfish in Provencal Packages, picturelink: null}, 12521: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place the sweet potatoes into a nonstick saucepan. Cover with cold water. Bring to a simmer and cook until fork tender. Drain well. Mash with potato masher. Add buttermilk, cinnamon, and light butter and continue mashing until well blended. In a separate nonstick saucepan, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Add garlic and saute for 30 seconds. Add carrot and mushrooms and continue sauteing for 1 minute or until the mushrooms are soft. Add tomato paste and steak sauce and mix until well blended. Sprinkle flour into the mixture. Mix with a wooden spoon until the flour has absorbed all of the moisture. Slowly pour the beef stock into the mixture and stir to blend completely. Add the shredded turkey and simmer until the sauce is thick. Pour the turkey mixture into a 2quart casserole dish. Top with the sweet potato mixture. Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until the sweet potatoes are slightly browned., ingredients: [2 12 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and diced 1 cup buttermilk 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon 1 tablespoon light butter 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed 1 large carrot, diced, 2 cups white button mushrooms, wiped clean 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons steak sauce 14 cup allpurpose flour 1 cup beef broth, 1 pound turkey thighs, roasted and shredded, skin removed], title: Sweet Potato Shepherds Pie, picturelink: kMFd2U01eOt1s9re8.99YxVe2e3INC}, 12522: {instructions: Scoop the gelato into bowls and pour the hot espresso over. Eat immediately., ingredients: [2 pints vanilla gelato, Pot of hot espresso], title: Espresso Affogato, picturelink: null}, 12523: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the mole sauce, soak the chiles in 1 14 cups water for 15 minutes. Drain well and discard the soaking liquid.nHeat the oil in a large heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and saute until translucent, 5 minutes. Transfer to a blender with the chiles, chocolate, chicken broth, peanut butter, sugar, oregano and tostadas and blend until very smooth. Transfer the sauce to a saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium, cover and simmer for 20 minutes.nSeason with salt and pepper. Add the rotisserie chicken pieces and stir to combine., ingredients: [5 pasilla chiles, stemmed and seeded, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups chopped onions, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 5 12 ounces Mexican chocolate, such as Ibarra, chopped, 1 34 cups chicken broth, 3 tablespoons smooth peanut butter, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon crumbled dried oregano, 2 corn tostadas, torn into pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 rotisserie chicken, cut into 6 pieces], title: Easy Chicken Mole, picturelink: Us71AjWTECbEiYjqTvCmui1jea65t6K}, 12524: {instructions: Heat a grill pan or large skillet over medium high heat.nFor Beef Fajita Burgers:nCombine sirloin, Worcestershire, spices, thyme, hot sauce and grill seasoning. Mark meat into 4 sections and make 4 patties, 1inch thick. Using the reserved 14 onion piece, grate half of it on the burgers. Drizzle extravirgin olive oil on the patties. Cook patties 4 minutes on each side for medium or, until desired doneness.nFor Chicken Fajita Burgers:nCombine chicken, chipotle powder, cilantro, hot sauce and grill seasoning. Score and divide meat into 4 sections and form big patties, 1inch thick. Using the rest of the 14 reserved onion piece, grate the other half of it on the burgers. Drizzle patties with extravirgin olive oil and cook 6 minutes on each side or until meat is firm and cooked through.nHeat a medium skillet over high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil and peppers and onions. Stirfry the veggies tossing them with tongs to sear them at edges. Add the jalapeno or serrano pepper. Toss and turn the mixture about 3 minutes, then add salsa of choice and toss a minute longer. Place burgers on each bun bottom and top with 14 of the pepper and onion mixture and bun top. Serve Bacon and Bean Smash on the side., ingredients: [1 13 pounds ground sirloin, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 tablespoons chili powder, a palm full, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, half a palm full, 2 to 3 tablespoons fresh picked thyme leaves, several sprigs, Several drops hot sauce, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 13 pounds ground chicken, 1 tablespoons ground chipotle smoky flavor chili powder, a palm full, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Several drops hot sauce, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 red or green bell peppers, seeded and thinly sliced lengthwise, 1 medium yellow skinned onion, thinly sliced lengthwise, reserve 14 of a piece, uncut, 1 jalapeno or serrano, seeded and chopped, 2 cups tomatillo, green chili salsa or chipotletomato salsa, your choice, 8 crusty rolls, split, Bacon and Black Bean Smash, recipe follows], title: Beef and Chicken Fajita Burgers: Have One of Each, picturelink: R5Om0dCiQz6lN10wTekmMAoki1e7gA2}, 12525: {instructions: Wrap the beets in foil and place on a rack, set over a pan of hot water. Roast in a preheated 400 degree oven for 40 minutes. When cool enough to handle, peel and slice 14 inch thick. Mix together the onions, vinegar, sugar, fennel seeds, chile, salt, and pepper. Mix into the beets and marinate, refrigerate for at least 4 hours. Garnish with Thai basil chiffonade., ingredients: [2 pounds beets, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1tablespoon fennel seeds, toasted, 1 serrano chile, deveined, seeded and chopped, Salt and pepper, to taste, Thai basil, chiffonade], title: Spicy Pickled Beets, picturelink: null}, 12526: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the garlic, jalapeno and vinegar in a bowl. Stir in the parsley, oregano, and lime juice. Whisk in the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Mix well and set aside at room temperature to allow the flavors to marry.nMarinate the steak in olive oil for 30 minutes, turning to coat both sides.nPreheat an outdoor charcoal grill or oven broiler to high. Remove the steak from the oil and season both sides with a generous amount of salt and pepper you should see the seasoning on the meat. Grill the steaks on the hottest part of the barbecue for 4 minutes per side, until well charred. Transfer the steak to a cutting board and let stand for 5 minutes. Cut the steak across the grain on the diagonal and fan the slices out on a platter. Spoon some chimichurri over the meat and serve with the remaining sauce at the table., ingredients: [6 garlic cloves, minced, 2 jalapenos, minced, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 1 handful fresh oregano, finely chopped, 2 limes, juiced, 1 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon crushed black peppercorns, 4 pounds skirt steak, trimmed of excess fat, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: GauchoGrilled Steak with Chimichurri Sauce, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 12527: {instructions: Season the fish with salt and pepper. In a stockpot coated with oil, sear the fish. Add the habaneros, onions, garlic, ginger, tomatoes, thyme, bay leaves, and kaffir leaves. Cover with water, check for seasoning and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 1 hour.nSqueeze in lime juice and gai choy right before serving. Check for seasoning. To make the poi, heat the cream with the garlic and ginger and reduce by 20 percent. Add the hot taro and mash together smooth. Season and check for flavor.nPlace a mound of poi in the middle of a large pasta bowl. Top off with lots of the fish stew. Garnish with scallions.nBeverage: Lillikoi Hawaiian Beer., ingredients: [3 pounds mixed Hawaiian fish, eviscerated, scaled and hacked into 2inch pieces, keep heads whole, Pink Hawaiian salt, Black pepper, Canola oil, to cook, 2 habaneros, destemmed, finely sliced, 2 onions sliced, 5 cloves garlic, sliced, 5 slices ginger, peeled, sliced 18inch thick, 2 cups, peeled whole tomatoes canned tomatoes are ok, 6 sprigs thyme, 2 bay leaves, 6 kaffir lime leaves, Water, to cover, 3 limes, juiced, 12 pound Gai Choy, cut into 20inch pieces, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 cups steamed soft and peeled poi, cut into 2inch pieces, 12 cup sliced green scallions], title: Spicy Hawaiian Fish Stew with Creamy Poi, picturelink: null}, 12528: {instructions: Fill jars with sugar to a depth of 12inch. Add some of the citrus peel then cover with another layer of sugar. Continue in this way, ending with the sugar about 14inch from the top of the jar. Replace lid. Allow to sit for a few days so the citrus flavor infuses the sugar., ingredients: [White or raw sugar, Citrus peel, some cut with a peeler and some with a zester, Clear jars, with tops such as mason jars], title: CitrusScented Sugar, picturelink: null}, 12529: {instructions: Heat 2 teaspoons olive oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add 1 diced onion and cook until soft, 5 minutes. Add 1 pound chopped collard greens, a handful at a time, adding more as it cooks down. Add 1 cup chicken broth and season with salt and pepper. Cover and simmer until tender, about 45 minutes.nServes: 4 Calories: 75 Total Fat: 3 grams Saturated Fat: 0.5 grams Protein: 4 grams Total carbohydrates: 10 grams Sugar: 2 grams Fiber: 4.5 grams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 162 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Collard Greens, picturelink: LICfMI4aLuuiXQ9RWQ.ujdQH7g4lMPe}, 12530: {instructions: Kale: Heat the vegetable oil in a wok over high heat, add the garlic, and stir fry for 1 minute until golden. Add the kale, soy sauce, chicken stock, sugar, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring until wilted, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle with sesame oil. Keep warm.nBeurre blanc: Combine the wine and shallots in a small saucepan over high heat. Boil until very reduced and almost dry. Remove from the heat, slowly whisk in the butter, and season with salt and pepper. Strain through a fine sieve and stir in the sliced chile. Keep warm.nSkate: In a large bowl, pour the milk over the skate. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Remove the fish from the milk, toss together the flour, salt, and pepper, and coat the fillets in the flour.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the skate in batches, until nicely golden on both sides, about 5 minutes, turning once.nDivide the kale among 6 dinner plates. Place the skate on top and drizzle with beurre blanc., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 6 garlic cloves, peeled and finely chopped, 4 large heads kale about 5 pounds, trimmed, rinsed, and roughly chopped, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup chicken stock, 12 teaspoon sugar, 14 tablespoon salt, 14 tablespoon freshly ground pepper, Few drops sesame oil, 12 cup dry white wine, such as Chardonnay or Sauvignon Blanc, 14 cup finely chopped shallots 2 medium shallots, 2 sticks 12 pound butter, softened, 12 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 serrano or jalapeno chile, very thinly sliced, 12 cup milk, 6 skinned skate wing fillets 4 to 6 ounces each, 34 cup flour, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground pepper, 13 cup vegetable oil or olive oil], title: Lloyd Feit Sauteed Skate Wing with Kale and Hot Pepper Beurre Blanc, picturelink: null}, 12531: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the sauce: Cook the pasta for half the recommended cooking time the pasta should still be very firm.nIn a skillet, cook the garlic in the butter and olive oil for a few minutes, and then pour in the wine. Allow this to reduce for a couple of minutes, and then pour in the tomatoes. Stir the mixture together, season with salt, pepper and red pepper flakes, and allow to cook for 10 minutes.nFor the seafood: In a separate skillet, heat the butter and olive oil over medium heat. Sear the scallops, then the shrimp, until theyre nice and blackbrown.nMeanwhile, grab 2 large sheets of heavy duty aluminum foil and overlap them in a platter with a little depth. It should be large enough to hold the entire pasta dish.nMix the drained pasta with the sauce and tip it onto the foil. Then arrange the sauteed seafood on top. Tightly wrap the foil into a package.nBake for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and keep warm until serving.nTo serve: Open the foil package right before serving. Drizzle warm cream over the top and sprinkle with torn basil and parsley., ingredients: [1 pound linguine, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup dry white wine, Three 14.5ounce cans diced or whole tomatoes, Salt and fresh ground pepper, Red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound jumbo or large shrimp, peeled and deveined, rinsed and dried, 1 pound scallops, rinsed and dried, Warm cream, Fresh basil leaves, torn, Fresh parsley leaves, torn], title: Seafood Pasta in a Foil Package, picturelink: TTtn31X9Y4uqD4XKUvSJ4GR.zZure}, 12532: {instructions: Cut each melon into quarters lengthwise and remove the seeds with a large table or serving spoon. Square three of the quarters of each melon so they can be sliced easily. Run the remaining quarter of each melon through an electric vegetable juicer and reserve for tamarimelon sauce. Slice the squared quarters very thinly. Place in a mixing bowl with the Vidalia onion, mint leaves, cilantro leaves, yuzu, and lemon oil. Toss to combine and set aside.nCombine the broth, miss, and tamari in a medium sauce pot over medium heat. Simmer then add the salmon fillets. Return to a simmer and cook the fillets until they are just done, approximately 6 to 8 minutes, depending on the thickness of the fillets. Remove the salmon from the seasoned broth and allow to cool. Brush the fillets with the 2 remaining tablespoons of light miso. Store up to 4 hours.nCombine the melon juice and the tamari in a small sauce pot over mediumlow heat. Light foam will form on the top of the sauce once it begins to simmer. Skim the foam and simmer two to four minutes. Remove from the heat and strain through a fine mesh strainer.nTo assemble the dish, divide the melon salad onto the center of each of four chilled plates. Plate a salmon fillet atop each salad. Dress each fillet with some of the tamarimelon sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cavallion or cantaloupe melon, peeled, 1 Korean or honeydew melon, peeled Korean melons do not have to be peeled, 1 Vidalia onion, shaved, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, 1 to 2 tablespoons yuzu juice, 1 tablespoon extra virgin lemon oil, 4 6ounce fillets of miso poached salmon see recipe below, 12 cup tamari melon sauce see recipe below, Salt and pepper to taste, 3 cups fish or chicken broth, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons light miss, 1cup tamari or soy sauce, 4 6ounce fillets of salmon, 1 cup melon juice, 1 cup tamari], title: Chilled Salmon with White Miso and Summer Melons, picturelink: null}, 12533: {instructions: Combine the coconut water, pineapple juice, blue curacao, vodka, vermouth and lime wedge in a shaker. Shake for 1 minute. Serve cold. Repeat for additional servings., ingredients: [2 ounces fresh coconut water or Malibu rum, 2 ounces pineapple juice, 1 ounce blue curacao, 1 ounce vodka, A spritz dry vermouth, Lime wedge shaken in the shaker, not squeezed], title: Mai Kai Martini, picturelink: Ks4bsSMvObh1T2QFa82kIs8keTrgYJy}, 12534: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until lightly browned and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add the bell pepper, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool, then stir in the diced provolone.nSprinkle a 15inch round pizza pan with cornmeal. Stretch the pizza dough in the pan into a 13inch circle, pressing with your fingertips lightly oil your hands if the dough is too sticky. Arrange a thin border of the sausage mixture around the dough, about 12 inch from the edge. Lift the edge of the dough and gently stretch over the filling, pinching to seal.nGently pat and stretch the center of the dough so the pizza is about 12 inches in diameter. Spread the sauce in the middle of the dough and top with the mozzarella. Brush the edge of the crust with olive oil and sprinkle with the fennel seeds. Bake until the crust is golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 8 ounces sweet or hot Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 red bell pepper, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 ounces provolone cheese, diced, Coarse cornmeal, for dusting, 1 pound refrigerated pizza dough, at room temperature, 13 cup marinara or pizza sauce, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese about 4 ounces, 14 teaspoon fennel seeds, coarsely crushed], title: Pizza with SausageandPepper Crust, picturelink: 7b1iL7juzuDEC3EtcUElMDWgh8VO4i}, 12535: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the grapefruit slices in a slightly overlapping pattern on a serving platter. Sprinkle the onion slices over the grapefruit. Then sprinkle the olives. Top with the basil and chives. Drizzle the balsamic vinegar and olive oil over the salad. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [2 grapefruits, trimmed of skin and cut into large slices, 12 red onion, peeled and thinly sliced, 13 cup pitted chopped black olives, 1 bunch basil, leaves thinly sliced about 1 cup, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 3 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grapefruit, Onion, and Basil Salad, picturelink: 9GxK63flEW42ruMHD.6gjU3QqTWe}, 12536: {instructions: Heat the grill or a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Remove the skin from the chicken and remove the bones. Slice the breast diagonally across to make 4 thin pieces. Pound the chicken lightly between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Season the cutlets with salt and pepper, to taste, and brush them with a little oil. Grill the cutlets until cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes per side. Remove from the pan and let cool.nPut the mayonnaise into a bowl along with the mustard, lemon zest, parsley, and fennel fronds and whisk to combine. Check the seasoning and add salt, and pepper, to taste. Cut the baguette in half lengthwise. Spread the herb mayonnaise on the bottom half. Top with the chicken, onions, and lettuce. Spread the remaining mayonnaise on the other half and put it on top. Cut the sandwich into 4 pieces and wrap well in waxed paper or plastic wrap., ingredients: [1 12 pounds bonein chicken breast, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, for brushing chicken, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard, 1 lemon, zested and juiced reserve the juice for the Blueberry Scones recipe, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, Fennel fronds from 1 bulb, chopped, 1 baguette, about 16inches long, 12 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 12 small head lettuce, shredded], title: Chicken Cutlet Sandwich with Herb Mayonnaise, picturelink: .yrPRgcBH4LxQL5QJjDjVnSfCfY.ALS}, 12537: {instructions: Puree tomatoes in a blender until smooth, adding a tablespoon or 2 of water if dry. Reserve.nFill a large stockpot with water and bring to a rolling boil. Add salt and pasta and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain in a colander.nMelt 4 tablespoons of butter in a large skillet over high heat. Saute shrimp with salt, pepper and red pepper flakes until pinkorange, about 1 minute per side. Add tequila and flambe. With a slotted spoon, transfer shrimp to a platter, leaving butter in pan.nAdd reserved tomato puree, bring to a boil and cook until reduced by about one third. Adjust seasonings to taste.nBreak apart remaining butter into small pieces and stir into sauce along with shrimp. Once smooth, remove from heat, and ladle over bowls of warm fettuccine. Garnish with avocado and chopped cilantro. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 large tomatoes, cored and seeded, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound fettuccine, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, cold, 12 cup tequila, 1 avocado, seed removed, peeled and diced, 1 bunch cilantro, chopped], title: Pasta with Tequila, Avocado and Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 12538: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Toss the eggplants, potatoes, olive oil, 12 cup water and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a large bowl, then spread the vegetables on the baking sheet. Roast until tender, about 45 minutes, tossing the vegetables about halfway through. Set aside.nMeanwhile, make the Meat Sauce: Heat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring, until soft and beginning to brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the tomato paste, oregano, cinnamon, garlic and ginger stir quickly to toast spices evenly. Once fragrant, add 12 cup water to the pan and stir to combine, scraping up any brown bits. Add the beef to the pan, stirring with a wooden spoon to break it up, and cook until lightly browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the wine, vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook until the meat is fully cooked and the juices are reduced slightly, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the parsley and set aside.nMake the Bechamel: Put the milk and flour in a small saucepan and whisk until the flour is dissolved. Place the pan over medium heat and whisk continuously until the mixture comes to a boil continue to whisk until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the nutmeg and 12 teaspoon salt. Remove from the heat and whisk in 34 cup of the Parmesan set aside.nAssemble the Moussaka: Spray a 3quart baking dish with cooking spray. Spread the eggplants and potatoes in the bottom of the dish, layer the meat sauce evenly over the vegetables, top with the bechamel and sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup of Parmesan. Bake, uncovered, until the top is browned and slightly puffed, 35 to 40 minutes. Garnish with parsley and serve hot.nMakeAhead Tip: The unbaked casserole can be covered and refrigerated overnight before baking. The baked casserole can be frozen for up to 2 weeks cover with foil and reheat at 350 degrees F until hot, 35 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 pound Asian eggplants, unpeeled, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, unpeeled, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 medium yellow onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon powdered garlic, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 pound lean ground beef, 12 cup red wine, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus more for garnish, 2 cups 1percent milk, 14 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch nutmeg, Kosher salt, 1 cup grated Parmesan, Cooking spray], title: Beef Moussaka, picturelink: JHK3yJCFzTCkyZ0a0IaMqgShBYrpw5K}, 12539: {instructions: TOP 1 bread slice with 1 cheese slice and apples cover with remaining cheese and bread slices.nSPREAD outside of sandwich with mayo.nCOOK in skillet on medium heat 3 min. on each side or until golden brown on both sides.nServing Suggestion: Serve with a mixed green salad tossed with your favorite KRAFT Dressing.nSubstitute: Substitute fresh pear slices or other fresh fruit slices for the apples., ingredients: [2 slices sourdough bread, 2 KRAFT DELI DELUXE Process Bacon Cheddar Cheese Slices, 4 thin slices apple, 2 tsp. KRAFT Real Mayo Mayonnaise], title: Harvest Bacon Cheddar Melt, picturelink: null}, 12540: {instructions: Heat a stovetop grill pan or griddle with cooking spray and set over mediumhigh heat to preheat.nPlace corn on hot pan and cook 3 to 5 minutes, until golden brown on all sides, turning frequently. Remove from heat and cool. When cool enough to handle, slice kernels from cob. Transfer kernels to a large bowl and add chicken, beans, cheese, olives, tomatoes, apple, jalapenos, and cilantro. Toss to combine.nFor the dressing: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add cumin and cook 1 minute, or until fragrant. Remove from heat and whisk in vinegar. Add dressing to chicken mixture and toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 ears fresh or frozen cob corn, thawed, 4 reserved cooked chicken breast halves, diced, 1 15ounce can pinto beans, drained, 1 cup Monterey Jack or pepper Jack cheese, shredded, 12 cup Spanish olives, sliced, 12 cup tomatoes, diced, 1 Granny Smith apple, cored and diced, 14 cup pickled jalapenos, sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 cup cider vinegar], title: Mexican Chopped Salad with Toasted Cumin Vinaigrette, picturelink: 8T0HUJP.fKX57cTBS00qj6Cid7tiMV6}, 12541: {instructions: Special equipment: A heatproof 1pint jarnCombine the vinegar, 23 cup water, onions, salt, peppercorns and coriander in a small pot, bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes.nPut the jalapenos in a heatproof 1pint jar and pour the hot pickling mixture over them. Allow them to sit and soak up the flavor for 30 minutes up to overnightthe longer they sit, the more they will soften and absorb flavor. Stored in the refrigerator, they will keep for up to 1 month., ingredients: [23 cup white wine vinegar, 12 onion, sliced thinly about 12 cup, 1 tablespoon Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 5 large jalapenos, cut into 18inch rounds], title: Easy Pickled Jalapenos, picturelink: cdB8N03wM1Zjb36AfUdiSWhdCLNCqky}, 12542: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the hash, put the chorizo in a large skillet over medium heat. Vigorously break up the sausage into bits with a potato masher or wooden spoon as it cooks. Once it resembles ground meat, add the plantain and carrots. Season with a tiny pinch of salt and some black pepper. Toss to coat everything in the fat and cook, without stirring, for a few minutes to develop color on the plantains and carrots, then toss and wait again. Cook this way until the plantains and carrots are caramelized on most sides and tender, and the chorizo is browned, about 15 minutes.nAdd the thyme, garlic, scallions, and jalapenos. Toss to coat and cook, stirring, until the garlic is tender and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken and stir to coat.nTo make the gravy, sprinkle the flour over the top of the hash and stir with a wooden spoon until it disappears, then cook for a few more minutes to remove the flour taste. Add the Worcestershire sauce and orange juice. Continue to stir, allowing the juices to thicken. Remove from the heat and stir in the sour cream. Garnish with the parsley and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces fresh Mexican chorizo sausage, casings removed, 1 small green plantain, peeled, and diced, 2 medium carrots, halved lengthwise and sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 to 6 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped and chopped, 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 scallion, chopped white and green parts, 1 tablespoon chopped pickled jalapenos, 12 rotisserie chicken, skin removed, meat shredded or chopped, Chopped fresh flat leaf parsley, for garnish, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 cups orange juice, 2 tablespoons sour cream], title: Chicken and Chorizo Hash with OJ Gravy, picturelink: ju7FGWPgI.biBYh.9vowkVb4gyGo0Xa}, 12543: {instructions: Marinate the oysters in the beer for 30 minutes or more. Heat a few inches of oil in a large saucepot to 350 degrees F. Combine the flour, seafood seasoning, salt and pepper. Dredge the marinated oysters in the flour, and then shallowfry until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes., ingredients: [6 large shucked oysters, 1 12 pints stout, such as Guinness, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 pinch seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 pinch salt, 1 pinch ground black pepper, Vegetable or canola oil, for frying], title: Galway Bay Fried Oysters, picturelink: null}, 12544: {instructions: Put the almonds in a petal pattern slightly off center on the cupcake. Put the gumball in the center of the almonds. Cut the jelly candy into 2 thin strips and arrange as vines between 2 almonds. Cut the fish in half and put one half next to the vines., ingredients: [5 dark chocolatecovered almonds, 1 frosted cupcake about 2 tablespoons frosting works best, 1 gumball or other round hard candy, 1 green jelly candy or jelly spaghetti, 1 green chewy fishshaped candy], title: Chocolate Almond Flower, picturelink: KZmERFhrO5bFnOGUUNGFfJgNsCTvc6e}, 12545: {instructions: Special equipment: bamboo skewers, soaked in water for a minimum of 15 minutesnPreheat grill to medium.nOn each skewer, thread a shrimp, zucchini slice, another shrimp and then a piece of sausage. Brush with oil and season with Creole seasoning. Place on grill for about 2 minutes per side, or until shrimp are cooked through., ingredients: [12 pound frozen raw shrimp, thawed, 2 zucchini, cut in 12inch pieces, 12 pound andouille sausage, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon Creole seasoning], title: Bonfire Skewers, picturelink: null}, 12546: {instructions: Place the potatoes, garlic, and the 1 teaspoon kosher salt in an 8quart pan and fill with enough water to cover the potatoes. Bring the water to a gentle boil and cook until the potatoes are just tender. Drain the potatoes, return them to the pot, and stir over medium heat for 1 minute to dry the potatoes.nAdd 3 tablespoons of the cornmeal and the parsley and mash everything together with a potato masher, leaving the mixture chunky.nWhisk together the egg, egg yolk, milk, and 1 tablespoon of the oil in a small bowl. Stir the mixture into the potatoes and season with salt and pepper. Spread the potatoes out on a large plate, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to 4 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nForm the chilled potato mixture into 16 cakes about 34 inch thick. Put the remaining 5 tablespoons cornmeal in a shallow dish and coat the potato cakes in the cornmeal.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a 10inch skillet over medium heat. Add the potato cakes, in batches, and brown them on both sides.nTransfer the potato cakes to a baking sheet and bake until heated through, 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 12 pound red potatoes, scrubbed and halved, 12 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup fine yellow cornmeal, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 large egg, 1 large egg yolk, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Garlic Potato Cakes, picturelink: null}, 12547: {instructions: For the garlic confit: Heat the oil and garlic in a small saucepan over low heat until the garlic is tender, about 30 minutes. Set aside.nFor the grouper: In a mortar and pestle, mix 1 12 tablespoons oil with the garlic, rosemary, thyme and chile. Rub the mixture over the fish and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C.nHeat the remaining 1 12 tablespoons oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper, then sear on the skin side until crisp and golden brown, about 5 minutes. Continue cooking in the oven until the flesh is flaky, about 25 minutes.nFor the roasted cipollini and tomatoes: Heat the oil in a medium pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the cipollini and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Add the tomatoes and garlic confit without the oil just the garlic cloves. Cook over high heat until the cipollini are golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the butter and season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, transfer the grouper to a platter, top with preserved lemons and drizzle with olive oil. Spoon the roasted cipollini and tomatoes on top of the fish. Garnish with the cilantro and parsley.nWash the lemons very well. Cut each lemon lengthwise in quarters without slicing all the way through, leaving the lemons whole. Place the lemons in a sterilized jar. Add the salt, lemon juice, peppercorns and kaffir lime leaves and mix well. Add more lemon juice if needed to just cover the lemons. Close with a lid and refrigerate. Stir the lemons every day or two to help dissolve the salt. Allow the lemons to cure for at least 1 week. Rinse under cold water before using., ingredients: [1 cup250ml olive oil, 12 cloves garlic, peeled, 3 tablespoons45ml olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, minced, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, minced, 1 red chile pepper, minced, 2 pounds1kg fresh grouper fillet, with skin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon15ml olive oil, 24 cipollini onions, 24 cherry tomatoes, 2 tablespoons30ml butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, A handful Preserved Lemons, recipe follows, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon15ml olive oil, A handful fresh cilantro, A handful fresh parsley, 8 lemons, 3 cups750ml coarse salt, 1 12 cups375ml lemon juice, 1 tablespoon15ml peppercorns, 4 fresh kaffir lime leaves], title: Grilled Fillet of Grouper with Roasted Cipollini and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 12548: {instructions: Cook the rice according to package instructions with 2 teaspoons salt. Drain and rinse under cold running water until cold. Transfer to a large bowl.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the remaining 2 teaspoons salt, oil, parsley, lemon juice, and allspice. Stir in the tomatoes and cucumber. Add the oil mixture to the rice and mix until well combined. Season with pepper and hot sauce to taste. Serve immediately or store in the refrigerator for up to 2 days., ingredients: [1 12 cups converted longgrain rice, 4 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons minced parsley, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 3 ripe plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, seeds squeezed out, and finely diced, 1 Kirby cucumber, peeled, seeded, and finely diced, Freshly ground black pepper, Hot sauce], title: Rice Salad, picturelink: null}, 12549: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add in the roast beef, stir once and let the meat brown, about 2 minutes, and stir again. Add in the BBQ sauce and simmer for 5 minutes.nLayer the shredded cheese on top of some tortilla chips on a large platter. Pour the piping hot meat over the cheese and then top with the crispy onions, cherry peppers and dollops of the Honey Horseradish Crema.nMix the sour cream, horseradish, honey, mustard and salt in a bowl. Let the crema sit for 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 pound rare deli roast beef, thinly sliced and julienned, 1 cup your favorite BBQ sauce, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, Tortilla chips, 1 cup Frenchfried onions, 12 cup pickled cherry peppers, sliced, Honey Horseradish Crema, recipe follows, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: BBQ Roast Beef Nachos, picturelink: PHZxpLabgwlyfpv5GGKEIIolEmhKn06}, 12550: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the carrot, celery, onion, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic and continue to cook for 1 minute.nAdd the chicken broth and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and stir in the orzo. Cook until the orzo is just tender, about 7 minutes.nAdd the chicken and simmer until heated through. Add the spinach and stir until wilted. Remove from the heat and stir in the dill and lemon zest. Season with additional salt and pepper. Serve sprinkled with additional dill., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 carrot, sliced into thin rounds, 1 rib celery, thinly sliced, 1 small onion, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 13 cup dry orzo, 2 12 cups shredded cooked chicken, 3 cups lightly packed baby spinach, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, plus sprigs for serving, 12 lemon, zested], title: Lemon, Chicken and Orzo Soup with Spinach, picturelink: 1wSZ5vPUWYU309vlm.7cabXtsBO.6j.}, 12551: {instructions: Prepare the dough: Whisk 1 cup warm water about 105 degrees F and the sugar in a small bowl and sprinkle the yeast over top. Let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. Stir in the olive oil.nWhisk the flour and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center, pour in the yeast mixture and stir to make a shaggy dough. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes, adding just enough flour to prevent it from sticking. Form into a ball, put in a large oiled bowl and turn to coat with the oil. Turn seamside down, cover with plastic wrap and let rise at room temperature until doubled, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat a grill to medium high if using a charcoal grill, bank the coals to one side and grill the toppings see below.nArrange the grilled vegetables in piles on a baking sheet, season with salt and pepper, and drizzle with olive oil. Add the remaining toppings to the baking sheet place near the grill.nReduce the grill heat to medium low on a charcoal grill, spread the coals into a single layer and let cool until they are covered in a light gray ash. Divide the dough in half and dust the dough and work surface with flour. Roll each piece into a 7by12inch rectangle, about 18 inch thick. Brush an inverted baking sheet with olive oil and lay both crusts on it. Lift each piece by the corners and lay on the grill, oiledside down cook until the dough puffs and the underside is stiff and marked, about 5 minutes.nFlip the dough with tongs, brush with olive oil, spread with the tomato sauce and top with mozzarella. Arrange the grilled vegetables and roasted peppers on top. Cover and cook until the cheese melts, about 5 more minutes.nTransfer the pizzas to a cutting board. Top with the capicola, greens, basil, a drizzle of olive oil and salt.nGrilled Pizza Toppings:nTomato Sauce Grill 3 vineripened tomatoes, turning, until charred, 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, add 1 chopped garlic clove, 2 tablespoons olive oil, and salt and pepper. Cool, then crush into a sauce.nOnionfennel Cut 1 medium red onion or 1 small fennel bulb into 8 wedges. Toss with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill, turning, until soft, about 10 minutes slice.nMushrooms Toss 8 ounces stemmed shiitake mushrooms with 3 tablespoons olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill, turning, until soft, about 2 minutes per side cut in half.nPhotographs by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 teaspoons sugar, 1 packet active dry yeast, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing and drizzling, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon salt, Grilled toppings see below, 8 ounces fresh mozzarella, sliced, 12 cup sliced roasted peppers, 4 ounces thinly sliced hot or sweet capicola, torn, 1 cup micro greens, pea shoots or other baby greens, 12 bunch fresh basil, torn], title: Grilled Everything Pizza, picturelink: NRY9rNamrPqsdKUeePLmyDgVmS2sAY2}, 12552: {instructions: Spread each half of bread with the giardiniera. Arrange the capicola, mortadella, and provolone on the bottom bread half top with remaining bread. To serve sandwich warm, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the sandwich until warmed through, about 5 minutes. Serve the sandwich warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 5inch round, soft loaf of bread such as a muffaletta loaf, 1 to 2 tablespoons cochon giardiniera, 2 ounces thinly sliced capicola or ham, 2 ounces thinly sliced mortadella, 1 ounce thinly sliced salami, 1 ounce thinly sliced provolone], title: Cochon Butchers Muffaletta, picturelink: null}, 12553: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the potatoes in a large pot of cold water, add 2 tablespoons of salt and cook until potatoes are tender, but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain and let cool slightly.nHeat the grill to high.nWhile the potatoes are cooling, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a small saute pan on the grates of the grill. Add the garlic, thyme and chili flakes and cook until the garlic is just soft, about 45 seconds. Remove from the heat.nSlice each potato in half lengthwise then slice each half into 3 or 4 wedges, depending on the size. Brush the wedges with the remaining 3 tablespoons of oil and season with salt. Grill until lightly golden brown and just cooked through, about 6 minutes. Remove to a platter and immediately toss with the garlic mixture and chopped parsley., ingredients: [6 large sweet potatoes, Salt, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon red chili flakes, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Garlic and Herb Grilled Sweet Potato Fries, picturelink: I0n2xq7qkGfB2W7tXqp7s3ilhMn2eQu}, 12554: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the warm water, yeast and sugar in a small bowl. Put the bowl in a warm, not hot or cool, place until the yeast is bubbling and aromatic, at least 15 minutes.nIn the bowl of a mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the flour, 1 tablespoon of kosher salt, 12 cup olive oil and the yeast mixture on low speed. Once the dough has come together, continue to knead for 5 to 6 minutes on a medium speed until it becomes smooth and soft. Give it a sprinkle of flour if the dough is really sticky and tacky.nTransfer the dough to a clean, lightly floured surface, then knead it by hand 1 or 2 times. Again, give it another sprinkle of flour if the dough is really sticky and tacky.nCoat the inside of the mixer bowl lightly with olive oil and return the dough to the bowl. Cover it with plastic wrap and put it in a warm place until the dough has doubled in size, at least 1 hour.nCoat a jelly roll pan with the remaining 12 cup olive oil. Chefs Note: This may seem excessive, but focaccia is an oily crusted bread. This is why it is soooooooooo delicious.nPut the dough onto the jelly roll pan and begin pressing it out to fit the size of the pan. Turn the dough over to coat the other side with the olive oil. Continue to stretch the dough to fit the pan. As you are doing so, spread your fingers out and make finger holes all the way through the dough. Chefs Note: Yes, this is strange. But when the dough rises again it will create the characteristic craggy looking focaccia. If you do not make the actual holes in the dough, the finished product will be very smooth.nPut the dough in the warm place until it has doubled in size, about 1 hour. While the dough is rising a second time, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nLiberally sprinkle the top of the focaccia with some coarse sea salt and lightly drizzle a little oil on top. Bake the dough until the top of the loaf is golden brown, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the focaccia from the oven and let it cool before cutting and serving.nOh baby, ingredients: [1 34 cups warm water, 1 package active dry yeast, 1 tablespoon sugar, 5 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for kneading, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus coarse sea salt, for sprinkling, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided], title: Focaccia, picturelink: KmQEY3RNRzK7MYR1fuTeQmmFzpTVBem}, 12555: {instructions: In a large heavy skillet, heat the canola oil on high heat. Season the steaks with salt and pepper. On a plate, mix the flour, thyme, and basil. Dredge the steaks in the flour and fry in canola oil, about 4 to 5 minutes a side, until brown. Set steaks aside to rest and remove all but 3 tablespoons canola oil. Add enough seasoned flour until it becomes thick, like soft clay roux, and stir with a whisk for 3 to 4 minutes until smooth and cooked through. Remove roux. In the same skillet, add the onions and mushrooms, season and brown well, 8 to 10 minutes. Deglaze with red wine and reduce completely. Add the soy and chicken stock and bring to a boil. Whisk in 1 tablespoon of roux until thick. If not thickened enough, whisk in more roux. Check for flavor.nPLATING On a dinner plate, place 2 potatoes down, split open and smother with gravy. Lean 1 steak next to the potatoes and garnish with chives.nBEVERAGE Tall neck bottles of Budweiser or Brooklyn Pilsner, ingredients: [1 cup canola oil, 4 8ounce cubed steaks top or bottom round ends, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon dried basil, Chicken fat or vegetable oil for frying, 3 Vidalia onions, sliced, 12 pound paris mushrooms, prepped and sliced, 1 cup dry red wine, 2 tablespoon naturally brewed soy sauce, 2 cups chicken stock, 14 cup chives, chopped for garnish, 8 large Yukon potatoes, washed, baked in the oven until a fork comes cleanly off, 350 degrees, about 45 minutes], title: Chicken Fried Steak with Smashed Yukon Golds and SoyVidalia Gravy, picturelink: null}, 12556: {instructions: Peel the plantains and cut them into 14 inch slices on the diagonal. In a large, heavy skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Saute the plantains until golden brown and soft, about 2 minutes per side., ingredients: [3 ripe plantains the skin should be blackened, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Fried Plantains, picturelink: null}, 12557: {instructions: Heat 3 tablespoons of the peanut oil in a wok or large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh flame. Give the oil a minute to heat up, then add the shallots, garlic, ginger, and red pepper flakes stirfry for 1 minute until fragrant. Add the cabbage, mushrooms, and peas, stirfry until the cabbage is wilted and soft, about 8 minutes season with a nice pinch of salt. Remove the vegetables to a side platter and wipe out the wok.nPut the pan back on the heat and coat with the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil. When the oil is hot, pour the eggs into the center of the pan. Scramble the egg lightly, then let it set without stirring so it stays in big pieces. Fold in the rice and toss with the egg to combined well, breaking up the rice clumps with the back of a spatula. Return the sauteed vegetables to the pan and moisten with the soy sauce. Toss everything together to heat through and season again with salt. Spoon the fried rice out onto a serving platter, lay the pieces of duck on top and garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [5 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 small head Napa cabbage, cored and chopped, 1 8ounce can straw mushrooms, drained and rinsed, 12 cup frozen peas, run under cool water for 2 minutes to thaw, 1 generous pinch kosher salt, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 pint cooked longgrain white rice, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 cup cooked duck meat, cut in pieces, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Duck Fried Rice with Napa Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 12558: {instructions: Mix together all the dressing ingredients in a bowl and set aside. Arrange the avocado slices, hearts of palm, and watercress on a platter and drizzle with the Thousand Island dressing., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Salt and black pepper, Hot sauce, to taste, Cold water, as needed to thin dressing consistency, 2 to 3 avocados, sliced, 1 can hearts of palm, halved, 2 to 3 bunches watercress, washed, trimmed], title: Hearts of Palm, Avocado, and Watercress Salad with Thousand Island Dressing, picturelink: null}, 12559: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Pour water into a roasting pan. Add vinegar to taste. The water should have just a hint of vinegary taste. Sprinkle paprika over the water and mix, removing the lumps. Add salt, pepper, onion, tomato, parsley and potatoes. Before cooking add chorizo. Bake for 2 hours. Do not cover potatoes because they will steam and not roast. The potatoes will have a nice red color when they are done.nNote: Both recipes can be cooked simultaneously in the same oven.nall measurements are approximate .nPreheat oven to 375 degrees. This recipe is made in a ceramic cooker. To prepare the cooker, soak the cover for 15 minutes, and spray the bottom with any nonstick coating. Mix first 5 ingredients, set aside. Wash the chicken and pat it dry. Put chicken in cooker and pour salad dressing mixture on top, then use hands to rub it all over the chicken skin. Lightly sprinkle entire chicken with paprika a pinch or so, then sprinkle a pinch or so of the dry Italian seasoning on top as well. Cover and cook at 375 degrees for 2 hours. About 1 to 1 12 hours into the cooking time, check the chicken. If there is liquid halfway up the chicken or more, drain all of the liquid so that the chicken is dry enough to roast, then continue cooking. If its not halfway up the chicken, just leave whatever juices are in there and continue cooking., ingredients: [3 cups water, 1 or 2 tablespoons good red wine vinegar, 1 or 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon fresh ground pepper, 1 medium onion chopped, 1 chopped tomato, 3 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley, 4 Idaho potatoes, 1 chorizo Portuguese sausage, 1 package dry Italian salad dressing mix unprepared, 14 cup oil, 13 cup vinegar, 2 tablespoons water, 14 teaspoon Italian seasoning blend, 1 whole roasting chicken approximately 5 pounds, Pinch paprika, Pinch Italian seasoning blend], title: Nanas Portuguese Roast Chicken and Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 12560: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put a half sheet pan in the oven to heat for 15 minutes.nTrim the woody ends and halve the squash crosswise. Scoop out the squash seeds, leaving a 12inch shell. Reserve the flesh. Brush the cut sides of the squash with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, and season with 12 teaspoon of salt and 14 teaspoon of pepper. Arrange the squash, cut side down, onto the preheated pan and roast until the squash is tender and the flesh side is browned, about 15 minutes. Transfer the squash to a serving platter and set aside.nMeanwhile, finely chop the reserved squash flesh. Heat a 10inch cast iron skillet over medium heat and add the remaining tablespoon of olive oil. When the oil shimmers add the chopped squash, shallot, garlic, remaining 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon of pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until tender and browned, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the corn, limas, pecans, and thyme. Cook until heated through, approximately 1 minute. Divide the stuffing evenly among the cooked squash and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 6ounce pattypan squash, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided, 1 large shallot, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup fresh corn kernels, about 1 ear, 12 cup cooked lima beans, 2 ounces toasted pecans, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves], title: Overstuffed Pattypan Squash, picturelink: SaYyNYaMbVdqfKvoQI9pqnfoPKjuPRy}, 12561: {instructions: In a large stockpot, add the sugar to the milk. Bring to a boil. Separate with the vinegar. Cook until water disappears and only the solids are left and caramelized about 3 hours. Serve with queso blanco andor candied fruits., ingredients: [1 gallon milk, 3 cups sugar, 3 tablespoons vinegar], title: Dulce de Leche, picturelink: null}, 12562: {instructions: Roast the poblano over an open flame or under the broiler until charred all over, turning as necessary, about 8 minutes. Place into a bowl and cover with plastic wrap to loosen the skin, about 5 minutes. When cooled, peel off the blackened outer skin. Slice into thin strips, and then into 1inch pieces.nCook the mushrooms in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat with the olive oil. When almost softened, about 3 minutes, season with salt and pepper. Reserve.nLay out 4 slices of the bread on a work surface. Layer each with 1 slice of cheese, about 1 tablespoon of the chopped poblanos, 1 tablespoon of the mushrooms and another slice of cheese. Brush a thin layer of chipotle in adobo sauce on the underside of the remaining bread and close the sandwiches. Thinly and evenly spread the butter on both sides of the bread using about 1 12 tablespoons of the butter for each sandwich.nPlace 2 sandwiches into a medium skillet over medium heat. Cover the skillet with a lid and cook until the bread is evenly golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip, cover again and cook until the bread is golden brown and the cheese is visibly melted, about 2 minutes more. Repeat with the remaining sandwiches., ingredients: [1 large or 2 small poblano chiles, 2 portobello mushroom caps, thinly sliced, gills removed, optional, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Eight 13 to 12inchthick slices Cuban sandwich bread, sliced on the diagonal, 8 slices Monterey Jack cheese about 6 ounces, 1 tablespoon chipotle in adobo puree, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened], title: Roasted Poblano and Mushroom Grilled Cheese, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 12563: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the wafer cookie crumbs and the 4 tablespoons melted butter in a bowl. Mix well and then press into the bottom of a 9by13inch baking dish. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove the crumb crust from the oven and set aside. Lower the oven temperature to 225 degrees F.nCombine the espresso powder, hot water and cinnamon in a bowl and set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix the cream cheese and sugar on medium speed until smooth. Adjust the mixer to mediumlow speed and add the eggs one at a time, mixing each until combined before adding the next. Add the condensed milk, cornstarch, vanilla and the espresso mixture. Mix until completely smooth.nArrange the raspberries over the crust pour the cheesecake batter over the raspberries. Bake for 1 hour, until set but still a bit wobbly in the center. Turn the oven off and leave the cheesecake to cool in the oven for another 2 hours, until both oven and cake are room temperature.nHeat the chocolate, cream, corn syrup and the remaining 1 tablespoon butter over a double boiler, stirring until the chocolate is melted and mixture is smooth and glossy. Alternatively, microwave in 30 second intervals, stirring between each.nTop the cooled cheesecake with the ganache and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour. Slice and serve., ingredients: [12 cup chocolatewafer cookie crumbs, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, plus 1 tablespoon, 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder, 1 tablespoon hot water, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Four 8ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 4 eggs, room temperature, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 1 12 cups chopped semisweet chocolate, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon corn syrup], title: Mocha Raspberry Cheesecake, picturelink: LInl4EvkcEdbVPHYEuQKWfbMCbPUToK}, 12564: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 14inch hexagon cookie cutter 1 14inch hexagon cookie cutter Mini offset spatulanFor the almond bees: Fill a piping bag with a very small round tip with the chocolate. Pipe 2 eyes side by side on the rounder end of each almond, followed by 3 crosswise stripes starting in the middle of the almond down to the narrower end. Attach 2 sliced almonds like wings to the top chocolate stripe the one closest to the eyes. Repeat to make 18 almond bees total. Allow to dry.nFor the sugar cookies: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nWhisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and both sugars in another medium bowl with a handheld electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 30 seconds. Add the eggs and vanilla, mixing until fully incorporated. Slowly add the flour mixture and continue beating just until the dough comes together, stopping and scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed.nDivide the dough in half, pat into discs, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours.nGenerously flour a clean work surface. Gently roll out the chilled dough to about 38inch thick. Cut 24 cookies using a 2 14inch hexagon cookie cutter, working quickly so that the dough stays chilled. If the dough has become too soft, transfer to the refrigerator on a parchmentlined baking sheet and chill again for 30 minutes. Place the cookies on ungreased baking sheets, leaving about 1 inch between them. Lightly dust off any excess flour with a dry pastry brush. Refrigerate the formed cookies for at least 30 minutes. Excess dough can be gathered together, pressed into a disc, chilled and rerolled.nBake the cookies until the bottoms are golden, about 10 minutes. Cool on the baking sheets until firm enough to transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. If not using right away, cookies can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 1 week.nFor the decorative cookie border: To create the honeycomb shapes on your sugar cookies, roll the yellow fondant out and cut out 24 hexagon shapes with a 2 14inch hexagon cutter.nPlace a 1 14inch hexagon cutter in the center of your existing fondant hexagon shape and press. Remove the center piece.nThinly frost the cookies with some buttercream. Place a cutout hexagon fondant border on each cookie.nMix the clear and yellow sanding sugars together, and then fill the inner space of the cookies with the mixed sugar. Flip the cookies over to shake out any excess sanding sugar. Reserve the remaining sugar mixture for the cupcakes.nTo assemble the cupcakes: Frost the vanilla mini cupcakes with some buttercream using a pastry bag fitted with a star tip. Sprinkle with some of the sanding sugar mixture. Garnish 12 of the mini cupcakes with 1 almond bee. Reserve the additional 6 bees to garnish the honeycomb cookie cupcakes.nFrost the standardsize frangipane cupcakes with some buttercream using a mini offset spatula.nDip the outside edges of the frosted cupcakes into the mixed sanding sugar and place the hexagon sugar cookies on top.nTo build the honeycomb structure: Place 14 of the standardsize cupcakes in a hexagonal honeycomb pattern. Stack 7 more cupcakes, making a second tier in the honeycomb pattern, saving 3 cupcakes to put on the top tier.nScatter 20 mini cupcakes including 8 with the almond bees around the base of the honeycomb structure. Garnish the structure with the remaining 4 mini cupcakes with almond bees. Then arrange the remaining 6 bees on the tops of the hexagon cookies.nPreheat the oven to 350 F and position a rack in the middle of the oven. Line one 12cup standard muffin tin or two 24cup minimuffin tins with cupcake liners.nWhisk the flour, baking powder and salt together in a medium bowl.nIn another medium bowl, beat the eggs and sugar with an electric mixer until light and foamy, about 2 minutes. While beating, gradually pour in the butter and then the vanilla.nWhile mixing slowly, add half the dry ingredients. Then add all the milk and follow with the rest of the dry ingredients. Take care not to overmix the batter. Divide the batter evenly in the prepared tin.nBake until a tester inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, rotating the tin about halfway through, 18 to 20 minutes 10 to 12 minutes for minis. Cool the cupcakes on a rack in the tin for 10 minutes, and then remove from the tin. Cool on the rack completely. Decorate as desired.nBring a few inches of water to a boil in a saucepan that can hold a heatproof stand mixers bowl above the water.nAdd the sugar, lemon juice, salt and egg whites to the mixing bowl, and whisk together by hand. Set the bowl above the boiling water and whisk until the mixture is warm to the touch and the sugar completely dissolves. Transfer to the stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat at mediumhigh speed until cool and the whites hold stiff peaks, 10 to 15 minutes.nToss in a couple of chunks of butter at a time, making sure the pieces are incorporated before adding more. After all the butter is added, continue whisking on mediumhigh speed. The mixture will deflate and appear curdled. Continue whisking until the buttercream comes back together to form a smooth and spreadable consistency. Slowly drizzle in the optional flavoring while beating until smooth and light. If the frosting is very soft or begins to break, refrigerate until set but still spreadable and then beat until light before using.nChocolate:nRemove the buttercream from the stand mixer into a large bowl and, in three batches, fold in 6 ounces melted and cooled bittersweet chocolate.nCitrus:nStir in the zest of half a lemon or orange.nBoozy:nStir in 2 tablespoons coffeeflavored liqueur and 1 tablespoon vodka.nPulse 4 tablespoons soft unsalted butter, 1 large egg, 3 tablespoons each almond paste, sugar and cake flour, and 12 teaspoon almond extract in a food processor until very smooth. Scrape out into a small baking dish and spread into an even layer. Freeze until firm, about 1 hour. Scoop 12 slightly heaping tablespoonfuls and roll into balls. Return to the freezer until firm again, about 30 minutes. Make batter for GoTo Vanilla Cupcakes recipe above and fill the bottom of each liner with a heaping tablespoonful of batter. Place 1 ball of frangipane in the center of each and divide the remaining batter among the liners to top. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 to 22 minutes., ingredients: [6 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted, 16 whole almonds, 36 sliced almonds, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla bean paste or 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 pound yellow fondant you will have left over, 1 cup clear sanding sugar, 1 cup yellow sanding sugar, 24 GoTo Vanilla Mini Cupcakes, recipe follows, baked in bright yellow wrappers, 2 cups Honey Swiss Buttercream, recipe follows, 24 Frangipane Filled Cupcakes, recipe follows, baked in bright yellow wrappers, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 23 cup sugar, 1 12 sticks 6 ounces unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup milk, 34 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Pinch fine salt, 4 large egg whites, 3 sticks 12 ounces unsalted butter, cut into 1 12inch chunks, at room temperature, Flavoring suggestions see below], title: Honeycomb Cupcakes Centerpiece, picturelink: d5obY6wEsjrtZ7iEHLH4Yb4.CFOnWS}, 12565: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 1916 Mt. Gilead cider press and bottlesnRun the apples through the cider press. Bottle cider and enjoy., ingredients: [125 bushel boxes tart, flavorful apples], title: Apple Cider, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 12566: {instructions: For the salad dressing: Put the mayonnaise, buttermilk, sour cream, Parmesan, balsamic, Worcestershire, anchovies, garlic and some salt and pepper into a blender or food processor and pulse the processor or blend on low speed for several seconds. Adjust the consistency if needed with a little extra buttermilk. Refrigerate the dressing for a few hours it just gets better before using it on the salad.nFor the croutons: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nThrow the bread cubes onto a baking sheet and toss them in the olive oil and some salt and pepper. Sprinkle on half of the Parmesan, toss, sprinkle on more and toss again. Bake, tossing again halfway through, until crisp and golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Set aside to cool.nFor the salad: Throw the green leaf and romaine lettuce into a bowl. Add some dressing, and give it a good initial toss, just so you can evaluate how much more dressing you need. Add more dressing to taste. Add the cooled croutons. Toss gently and serve., ingredients: [1 cup real mayonnaise, 12 cup buttermilk, plus more if needed, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 anchovy fillets, 1 clove garlic, smashed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 loaf ciabatta, crusts on, roughly chopped into 34inch cubes, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 heads green leaf lettuce, sliced, 2 hearts of romaine lettuce, sliced], title: Julius Caesar Salad, picturelink: DZTozs.o9hjDNYI3Pbanz8BZ10sGq.2}, 12567: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace a large roasting tray into the oven to heat it up. When hot remove from oven and add a drizzle of olive oil. Toss potatoes, fennel and garlic onto hot sheet tray, season with salt and pepper and place into oven on a lower rack below the veal roast. Roast for 60 minutes until golden and caramelized., ingredients: [3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 pounds fennel bulb, cut into wedges through the root, 1 head of garlic, broken into cloves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Roasted Fennel and Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 12568: {instructions: When making Ballymaloe brown yeast bread, remember that yeast is a living organism. In order to grow, it requires warmth, moisture and nourishment. The yeast feeds on the sugar and produces bubbles of carbon dioxide which causes the bread to rise. Heat of over 122 degrees F50 degrees C will kill yeast. Have the ingredients and equipment at blood heat. White or brown sugar, honey golden syrup, treacle or molasses may be used. Each will give a slightly different flavour to the bread. At Ballymaloe we use treacle. The dough rises more rapidly with 1 ounce 25 grams yeast than with 34 ounce 20 grams yeast.nWe use a stone ground wholemeal. Different flours produce breads of different textures and flavour. The amount of natural moisture in the flour varies according to atmospheric conditions. The quantity of water should be altered accordingly. The dough should be just too wet to knead  in fact it does not require kneading. The main ingredients  wholemeal flour, treacle and yeast are highly nutritious.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F230 degrees Cgas mark 8.nMix the flour with the salt. In a small bowl or mixing cup, mix the treacle with 15 fluid ounces scant 2 cups 425 milliliters water and crumble in the yeast.nSit the bowl for a few minutes in a warm place to allow the yeast to start to work. Grease a 5 by 8inch 13 by 20 centimeters loaf tin with sunflower oil. Meanwhile, check to see if the yeast is rising. After about 4 or 5 minutes it will have a creamy and slightly frothy appearance on top.nWhen ready, stir and pour it, with all the remaining 10 fluid ounces1 14 cups 275 milliliters water into the flour to make a loose, wet dough. The mixture should be too wet to knead. Put the mixture into the greased tin. Sprinkle the top of the loaves with sesame seeds, if you like. Put the tin in a warm place somewhere close to the cooker or near a radiator perhaps. Cover the tins with a tea towel to prevent a skin from forming. Just as the bread comes to the top of the tin, remove the tea towel and pop the loaves in the oven for 20 minutes, then turn the oven down to 400 degrees F200 degrees Cgas mark 6 for another 40 to 50 minutes, or until it looks nicely browned and sound hollow when tapped. The bread will rise a little further in the oven. This is called oven spring. If, however, the bread rises to the top of the tin before it goes into the oven it will continue to rise and flow over the edges.nWe usually remove the loaves from the tins about 10 minutes before the end of cooking and put them back into the oven to crisp all round, but if you like a softer crust theres no need to do this., ingredients: [16 ounces4 cups 450 grams strong stoneground wholemeal flour OR, 14 ounces3 12 cups 400 grams strong stoneground wholemeal flour plus 2 ounces12 cup 50 grams strong white flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black treacle or molasses, 34 ounce to 1 ounce 20 grams to 25 grams fresh nonGM yeast, 15 fluid ounces scant 2 cups 425 milliliters water at blood heat plus 10 fluid ounces1 14 cups 275 milliliters, Sunflower oil, Sesame seeds, optional], title: Ballymaloe Brown Yeast Bread, picturelink: null}, 12569: {instructions: For the steak: Place the steak on a baking sheet or in a dish and rub with garlic and olive oil. Sprinkle all over with salt and pepper. Let sit for 10 minutes.nPreheat a grill or grill pan over high heat. Brush the steak with some teriyaki sauce. Grill the steak until medium rare, about 6 minutes on each side. Remove the steak from the grill and let sit.nFor the vegetables: Heat the olive oil and butter in a large deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the peppers, zucchinis and onions, and saute for 5 minutes, stirring. Season with salt and pepper.nSlice the steak thinly against the grain. Serve with the vegetables., ingredients: [1 flank steak about 2 pounds, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Teriyaki sauce, for brushing, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 bell peppers, halved, seeded and sliced, 2 zucchini, halved lengthwise and cut into half moons, 1 onion, halved and sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: The Last Stagon Grilled Flank Steak with Ying Yang Vegetables, picturelink: RXoYkIc3GTqHxEN6S.nUIzYS1xCExW}, 12570: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nFor the tomato sauce: In a large pot, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, carrots and onion and saute until the vegetables are soft, approximately 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the tomato sauce and bring to a simmer. Cover and simmer on low heat until thick, about 20 minutes.nFor the crust: Meanwhile, in a bowl, whisk together the chickpea flour, garlic powder, salt and 23 cup water. In a 7 12inch round nonstick pan, heat the olive oil over medium heat and pour the dough into the pan about 18 inch thick. Cook the dough until the edges start to brown, approximately 3 minutes. Flip the crust over like a pancake and cook on the other side for another 3 minutes. Transfer the crust to a baking sheet.nTo finish the tomato sauce, put the sauce into a food processor and process until smooth.nFor the pizza topping: Brush the olive oil over the chickpea crust. Spread a thin layer of the tomato sauce over the crust, leaving a 12inch border. Sprinkle on the grated provolone, covering the tomato sauce. Place the chicken sausage slices on top.nBake until the cheese is melted and bubbling, 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 12 small onion, chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 8ounce can tomato sauce or 8 ounces crushed tomatoes, 23 cup chickpea flour, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon olive oil, 1 cup grated provolone cheese, 3 ounces chicken sausage about 1 link, cut into 14inch slices], title: Chickpea Crust Pizza, picturelink: R72foMItCmMJnOByj0I3PASqnmBrTYu}, 12571: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees.nArrange the zucchini slices in 1 layer in several sheet pans which have been lightly brushed with some of the oil. Lightly brush the tops with some of the remaining oil and bake the slices for 7 to 10 minutes or until they are golden brown. Sprinkle with salt to taste and let cool. Transfer to a serving bowl and toss with the lemon juice, basil and pepper flakes., ingredients: [4 small zucchini, scrubbed and sliced very thin using a mandoline, 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Fresh lemon juice to taste, 4 tablespoons shredded fresh basil, Hot pepper flakes to taste], title: Marinated Zucchini Salad, picturelink: null}, 12572: {instructions: Hack each thigh in half or into thirds if large across the bone with a cleaver or a sharp heavy knife. Pat chicken dry and season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a 12inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Saute the chicken in 2 batches, beginning skin sides down, turning occasionally and adjusting heat to keep from burning, until cooked through and well browned on all sides, 10 to 12 minutes add another tablespoon of oil to skillet for second batch. Transfer chicken as cooked with tongs to a plate and keep warm, covered with foil. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon fat from skillet. Add remaining tablespoon oil and cook onion, bell peppers, and cherry peppers to taste over moderate heat, covered, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 7 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, until garlic is golden, about 2 minutes. Add wine and broth and boil, uncovered, until most of liquid is evaporated, about 4 minutes. Add chicken with any juices accumulated on plate and parsley and cook over moderate heat, stirring, until cooked through, then season with salt., ingredients: [2 12 pounds chicken thighs with skin and bone, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 red bell peppers, cut into 34inch pieces, 2 to 4 jarred hot cherry peppers in vinegar, drained and finely chopped, 5 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 13 cup dry white wine, 13 cup chicken broth, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: Chicken Scarpariello, picturelink: null}, 12573: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the brine: Mix the salt and sugar in 6 cups cold water until dissolved. Pour the brining liquid into a one gallon zippertopped bag and place the pork in the brining liquid. Place the bag in a large bowl to prevent leakage, and keep in the fridge for 1 hour.nFor the pork: After 1 hour, remove the pork and dry off with paper towels. Cut into 1inch medallions, making about 8 medallions. Gently pound each medallion with a meat mallet until the pork is about 14inch thick. Sprinkle with pepper and set aside.nSet a wire rack inside a baking sheet. Set up a standard breading procedure in three shallow pie tins. Put the flour in one, the beaten egg in another and the panko in the last one. Dredge each medallion in the flour, shake off any excess, then in the egg, let the excess drip and then coat fully in the breadcrumbs. Set aside the wire rack.nPreheat the oven to 175 degrees F. Heat up the oil in a heavybottomed skillet to medium heat.nPlace half of the medallions in the oil and fry on each side until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes a side. Set the cooked medallions aside on another wire rack and place in the oven to stay warm. Repeat with the remaining medallions.nFor the sandwich build: Carefully split the Grapevine KY Buttermilk Biscuits and lay a medallion or 2 on the bottom portion. Slather the biscuit tops with Raspberry Mayo and then top with some CiderBraised Red Cabbage. Serve any remaining cabbage on the side.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place heavy castiron skillet into oven to preheat. Chill a large mixing bowl, pastry cutter, flour and 1 stick butter in the freezer 15 minutes before assembling the biscuits.nAdd the flour to the chilled mixing bowl. Working quickly, cut 1 stick butter into the flour using the chilled pastry cutter or your fingers the goal here is peasize balls of butter. In batches, add in the buttermilk until the dough is cohesive yet still moist. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and lightly press into a 1inchthick round. Using a biscuit cutter or business end of a drymeasuring cup, cut out 8 biscuits. Use the extra dough to cook up a big piece of shortcake for dessert....strawberry shortcakenCarefully remove the skillet from the oven and add the oil. Place the dough rounds into the hot skillet, right up against each other, and brush with the 3 tablespoons melted butter. Bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes.nMix the mayo, lemon juice, raspberry preserves, lemon zest and pepper in a bowl.nHeat a heavybottomed Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the butter until melted. Add the caraway seeds and stir until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the cabbage in batches until slightly wilted, 5 minutes. Add the cider and vinegar and simmer for 15 minutes until the cabbage is soft and supple. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 tablespoons table salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 pork tenderloin, silver skin removed 1 14 to 1 12 pounds, Crushed black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, lightly seasoned with salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Grapevine KY Buttermilk Biscuits, recipe follows, Raspberry Mayo, recipe follows, CiderBraised Red Cabbage, recipe follows, 4 cups selfrising flour, plus more for dusting, 1 stick good butter, plus 3 tablespoons melted, 2 to 3 cups cold buttermilk, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 cup goodquality mayo, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon raspberry preserves, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon zest, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 1 head red cabbage, thinly sliced, 34 cup apple cider, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Schnitzel Biscuits, picturelink: RRzs7w6nC4mGhQGdx78SEy5uu0AbVou}, 12574: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium heat cook garlic in oil 5 minutes, then remove pan from stove top. Fill the food processor with arugula, loosely packed. Add walnuts and 12 of the warm oil and both cloves of garlic to the arugula in the processor. Add nutmeg, salt and pepper to the processor bowl, set lid in place and pulse grind the mixture into a thick paste. Add any remaining arugula to the processor and grind into the paste by pulsing the processor again. Transfer arugula paste to a large pasta bowl. Stir in the remaining oil and the cheese. Taste pesto sauce and adjust seasonings.nWhile cooking penne to package directions for al dente, watch the time. After about 6 minutes, add green beans to the pasta pot. The beans will cook along with pasta the last 2 or 3 minutes. Drain pasta and beans together in a colander then transfer hot pasta and beans to the pasta bowl with the pesto in the bottom. Toss pasta and beans with pesto for 2 to 3 minutes to combine and evenly coat the pasta and beans with the pesto sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 2 cloves cracked garlic, 12 ounces arugula, stems removed, 12 cup walnut pieces or 23 cup walnut halves, toasted, 14 teaspoon ground or grated nutmeg, Salt and pepper, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 pound penne rigate with lines pasta, 13 pound fresh green beans, cut into thirds], title: Penne with Arugula and Walnut Pesto, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 12575: {instructions: 1. Spray grate of outdoor grill with grilling spray. Preheat grill to medium heat according to manufacturers directions. Meanwhile, set aside 13 cup drained tomatoes. Mix together beef, remaining drained tomatoes, salt and pepper in medium bowl. Shape into 4 patties, about 12inch thick.n2. Grill patties 10 minutes or until cooked through 160 degrees F, turning once. Top each patty with 1 slice cheese melt slightly.n3. Place patties on bottom halves of buns. Top each patty with 3 or 4 avocado slices and a generous tablespoon of reserved tomatoes. Close with tops of buns. Serve immediately., ingredients: [PAMu00ae Grilling Spray, 1 can 10 oz each RoTelu00ae Original Diced Tomatoes  Green Chilies, drained, 1 pound ground sirloin beef 90 lean, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 slices Pepper Jack cheese, 4 hamburger buns, 1 avocado, peeled, pitted and sliced], title: Zesty Salsa Burgers, picturelink: UxmmOkevWLrUiDrJjlTTbDb6Mb3WBhS}, 12576: {instructions: Combine equal parts coarse salt and whole caraway seed. Store in clean jar. Heat 1 cup water to a boil. Dissolve cornstarch in 12 cup warm water and add to boiled water. Return to a boil and thicken until it coats a spoon. Cool and store in refrigerator.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make kummelweck rolls, take 12 rolls and place on baking sheet. Brush top of rolls with cornstarch solution and sprinkle with seed mixture. Place in oven for 4 minutes or until kummelweck dries.nFor the Beef on Weck: Heat au jus in saucepan until simmering. Dip sliced roast beef in hot au jus and place on cut kummelweck roll. Top with a dollop of horseradish and dip the top of the roll in the au jus., ingredients: [2 tablespoons coarse salt, 2 tablespoons caraway seed, whole, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 cup water, warmed, 12 hard rolls or Kaiser rolls, 1 cup au jus gravy, reserved from roasting the beef, 20 ounces cooked roast beef, sliced thinly, 3 ounces prepared horseradish], title: Roast Beef on Weck, picturelink: WeFs8lrB74Z1vzJLteOWBk1CVj9CG}, 12577: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix the white sugar, brown sugar, salt, corn syrup, butter, eggs, and vanilla together in a bowl. Pour the chopped pecans in the bottom of the unbaked pie shell.nPour the syrup mixture over the top. Bake the pie until its no longer loose and jiggly, 1 hour 10 minutes, being careful not to burn pecans and crust. Cover with foil for part of the baking time if it browns too quickly.nAllow to cool for several hours or overnight. Serve in thin slivers with freshly whipped cream. Serve with a drizzle of cold Whiskey Maple Cream Sauce.nPour the whipping cream into a saucepan. Add the maple syrup and corn syrup and stir over moderate heat until thickened and reduced by about 13, approximately 15 minutes. Stir in the whiskey. Refrigerate mixture until it is cold and thick. Drizzle over warm pecan pie., ingredients: [1 cup white sugar, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup corn syrup, 13 cup salted butter, melted, 3 whole eggs, beaten, 34 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup finely chopped pecans, 1 whole unbaked pie crust, Whipped cream, Whiskey Maple Cream Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 cups whipping cream, 5 tablespoons real maple syrup, 3 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon whiskey], title: Pecan Pie, picturelink: SYlH7vPaySaelDrO7DfzvRiwKFMUi}, 12578: {instructions: Prepare Sourdough Crepe batter.nSoak the channa dhal in a small bowl of water for 10 minutes. Drain.nIn a saucepan, boil the potatoes in salted water for 8 to 10 minutes or until they are tender when pierced with a knife. Drain, reserving the liquid for later.nIn a wide nonstick pan with a lid, heat the oil over medium high heat. Add the mustard seeds and cover. When the mustard seeds have popped, toss in the cumin seeds and curry leaves and shake the pan, allowing the cumin seeds to brown and the leaves to sizzle.nNext, add the drained channa dhal and fry, stirring constantly until golden. Put in the onions and saute until soft but not brown, then add the ginger and green chile, and fry for 1 minute.nStir in the turmeric, cayenne, and salt and fry for 1 more minute.nFinally, add the drained potato and 12 cup of the reserved liquid, reducing the heat to medium low, and simmering, with the cover on. Periodically add more of the potato liquid 14 cup at a time, and stir occasionally, until the mixture is pastelike and the potatoes have broken down, about 10 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice and remove from the heat. Cover and set aside.nFry the dosas according to the instructions in the Sourdough Crepes recipe. After frying each 1, place golden side down and spoon about 2 tablespoons of the potato filling onto 1 half. Fold in half, and place the filled dosa on a warm platter: cover, while you continue frying the rest. Serve promptly.nPlace the urad dhal in a large bowl and rinse with many changes of water until the water no longer appears cloudy. Drain.nIn a large bowl, combine the drained urad dhal with the rice, fenugreek seeds, and 2 12 cups water. Soak the ingredients together for 4 hours at room temperature, until the dhal and rice expand and soften. When a grain of rice just breaks under the pressure of your fingernail, the ingredients have soaked long enough.nDrain the urad dhal and rice, reserving the liquid. Place roughly half of the solids and half of the liquid in a blender and grind them long enough to get a smooth consistency with some graininess remaining, about 1 12 to 2 minutes. Test by rubbing a little batter between your fingers. The largest grains should be the size of granulated sugar. Pour the mixture into a large bowl. Repeat the process with the remaining solids and liquid, and add the mixture to the bowl. Stir in the salt. The mixture should be very thick, so it will be necessary to thin it with approximately 14 cup water to get the consistency of pancake batter.nCover the bowl loosely with plastic wrap and place in an oven, kept warm to a temperature of 90 degrees for 12 to 15 hours. This can be achieved with the help of a trouble light or floodlight fitted with a 25watt bulb. Plug the power cord into an outlet close enough to the oven so that the bulb can rest on a rack in the oven. Turn on the light and prop the oven door open about 1 inch with the handle of a wooden spoon. Check the temperature periodically to be sure it stays at 90 degrees. During warm summer months it may not be necessary to use the lightbulb. The batter should nearly double in volume and smell a little sour.nRemove the bowl from the oven and stir the contents. The batter will be thick and foamy. If you choose not to fry the crepes immediately, refrigerate the batter at this point. Remove it from refrigerator 12 hour before frying.nWhen ready to fry the crepes, check the consistency of the batter: it should pour smoothly like pancake batter. Add the baking soda and a little more water if needed.nHeat a nonstick griddle or frying pan over medium low heat 2 pans will speed up the process. Spread about 14 teaspoon oil evenly over the griddle. Ladle 14 cup of the batter into the center of the hot griddle, and immediately, using the back of the ladle, gently but steadily spread the batter in a circular motion from the center out, creating a thin pancake. If the batter does not spread easily into a thin layer, thin it with a little more water.nAs the crepe cooks, small holes will form on the surface. Sprinkle a few drops of oil on top, to help make it crisp. When the bottom turns a golden color about 1 minute turn it over and fry the other side 30 seconds or until lightly browned. Fold the crepe in half, golden side out, and place it on a platter. Keep the fried crepes warm as you repeat the process, oiling the griddle each time. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Sourdough Crepes, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon channa dhal or yellow split peas, 3 large waxy potatoes, peeled and cut into 12 inch cubes, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 8 fresh curry leaves, 2 cups sliced onions, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 1 teaspoon minced fresh green chile, Serrano or Thai, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 18 teaspoon cayenne, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 cup split urad dhal, 1 12 cups long grain rice not basmati, 12 teaspoon fenugreek seeds, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, Gingelly oil or vegetable oil, for frying], title: Sourdough Crepes with Potato Masala, picturelink: null}, 12579: {instructions: Mix the mayonnaise, 14 cup hot sauce, the mustard, pickle, shallot and parsley in a small bowl cover and refrigerate.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Heat 2 inches of peanut oil in a large wide pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 365 degrees F.nMeanwhile, whisk the flour, beer and the remaining 3 tablespoons hot sauce in a large bowl add the shrimp and toss to coat. Working in batches, remove the shrimp from the batter with a slotted spoon and fry until cooked through and golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Return the oil to 365 degrees F between batches. Transfer to a paper towellined baking sheet to drain keep warm in the oven.nAdd the celery to the remaining batter and toss to coat remove with a slotted spoon and fry until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Serve the fried shrimp and celery with the prepared sauce.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [23 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup plus 3 tablespoons Buffalo hot sauce, 2 teaspoons wholegrain mustard, 1 heaping tablespoon chopped dill pickle, 1 heaping tablespoon minced shallot, 1 heaping tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, Peanut or vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup lager beer, 1 12 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined tails intact, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced diagonally], title: Buffalo Fried Shrimp, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 12580: {instructions: Special equipment: a 3inch round cutternPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSprinkle some flour on the countertop and unroll the puff pastry. With a rolling pin, roll out the puff pastry slightly, so it is large enough to cut out 6 circles with a 3inch ring cutter. Cut out 6 circles and place them on a baking sheet. Bake the circles until theyre puffy and golden.nFor the pork: Increase the oven temperature to 375 degrees F.nIn a bowl, mix together the mustard and pepper. Coat the pork in the mixture. Season with salt.nHeat the oil in a large, ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sear the pork until browned on all sides, adding more oil if necessary. Transfer the skillet to the oven and roast until cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the pork from the skillet and keep warm.nFor the sauce: Place the same skillet used for the pork over medium heat, add the chicken stock and apple juice and cook, scraping up any browned bit from the bottom of the skillet. Stir in the fig jam and let simmer 2 minutes. Stir in the butter and cook 1 more minute. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Keep the sauce warm.nFor the mushrooms: In a second skillet or the cleaned out skillet from the pork, heat the butter and oil over medium heat. Add the onion, shallot and garlic and saute for 5 minutes. Stir in the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve: Slice the pork into 1inchthick medallions. Place a puff pastry circle on each plate, then top with a circle of mushrooms and a slice of pork. Spoon some sauce over the top and garnish with a small sprig of parsley, ingredients: [Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry half a 17.3ounce package, thawed, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, One pork tenderloin about 1 14 pounds, Salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more if needed, 1 cup chicken stock, 14 cup apple juice, 2 tablespoons fig jam, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small onion, diced, 1 shallot, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound mixed wild mushrooms, chopped, Salt and ground black pepper, Small parsley sprigs, for garnish], title: Deconstructed Pork Wellington, picturelink: 97Ndn5T0DKYTjmBHnWmr3fVsLTxXHq}, 12581: {instructions: Season the pork with salt and pepper. Heat a skillet over mediumhigh heat with the vegetable oil. Add the pork and brown on all sides, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a plate.nCombine the broth, soy sauce, sherry, sugar, sesame oil, red pepper flakes, star anise and cinnamon stick in a 5quart slow cooker. Stir to dissolve the sugar, then add the garlic, ginger and mushrooms. Add the pork, cover and program to cook 4 hours on high, then 2 hours on low, or 6 hours total on low.nTransfer the pork to a platter, cover and let rest 15 minutes. Remove the mushrooms from the broth and halve them, then return to the broth.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the noodles as the label directs. Slice the pork. Divide the noodles among bowls and top with some of the broth and mushrooms and a few slices of pork. Garnish with the water chestnuts, chiles, scallions and cilantro.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [3 pounds boneless pork shoulder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup soy sauce, 12 cup dry sherry, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 star anise pods, 1 cinnamon stick, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled and sliced, 6 to 8 whole dried shiitake mushrooms, 1 pound soba or ramen noodles, 14 cup water chestnuts, sliced, 2 Fresno chile peppers, seeded and thinly sliced, 2 scallions, sliced, 14 cup fresh cilantro], title: Asian Pork with Noodles, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 12582: {instructions: Boil the whole potatoes until they are soft about 45 minutes. While still warm, peel and pass through vegetable mill onto clean pasta board.nMake well in center of potatoes and sprinkle all over with flour, using all the flour. Place egg and salt in center of well and using a fork, stir into flour and potatoes, just like making normal pasta. Once egg is mixed in, bring dough together, kneading gently until a ball is formed. Knead gently another 4 minutes until ball is dry to touch.nTo make Gnocchi di Susine:nBring 6 quarts water to boil and add 2 tablespoons of salt.nPinch off walnutsized balls of gnocchi dough and roll with rolling pin to form 212 inch circle of dough. Place one quarter of plum and a 12 teaspoon sugar on each and fold dough around plum pieces to form a package with no tears or rips, relatively smooth and evenly coated. Continue until all are finished. If making pasta in advance, cook and the shock in cold water.nPlace gnocchi in water, 10 at a time, and carefully stir to prevent sticking to sides or bottom of pan. Allow to float and continue cooking for 2 minutes. Meanwhile, melt butter in a 12inch saute pan over medium heat. Add bread crumbs and then add cooked gnocchi and toss gently to coat. Serve on a plate and sprinkle with cinnamon., ingredients: [3 pounds russet potatoes, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 egg, extra large, 1 pinch salt, 5 plums, smallest possible, quartered, 12 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup fresh bread crumbs, 12 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Gnocchi di Susine, picturelink: null}, 12583: {instructions: In a medium bowl, toss together the zucchini, squash and tomatoes.nIn a small bowl, combine the Dijon mustard, balsamic vinegar and the onion.nWhisk in the olive oil until combined. Season with salt and pepper and pour over the vegetables., ingredients: [1 zucchini, diced, 1 yellow squash, diced, 12 pint yellow cherry tomatoes, 12 pint red cherry tomatoes, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 14 small red onion, grated, 14 cup olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Quick Salad, picturelink: null}, 12584: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRinse the turkey. Add the brine to a large container or resealable plastic bag and submerge the turkey. Refrigerate for 8 to 12 hours.nRinse and dry the turkey. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Season the turkey inside and out with salt and pepper. Prepare the peppers by arranging them under a low broiler until blackened. Put them in a large bowl and cover with foil until cool enough to handle. Remove the skin, stems and seeds do not rinse under water and dice.nIn a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the canola oil and when hot, add the diced peppers and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the, garlic, cumin, chopped cilantro and the scallions. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes and season with a little salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the zest and juice of 1 lime, and deglaze with 14 cup of the tequila. Remove from heat, transfer to a plate, spreading evenly, and allow to cool.nCarefully run your hand under breast skin of the turkey, creating a pocket from the neck to the bottom of breast on both sides. Stand the turkey up in a large bowl or 8 cup measuring container, to assist in keeping the turkey upright. Gently stuff half of the pepper mixture into each skin pocket, lay the bird on its back and even out the pepper stuffing. Trim any extra fat off the body and tuck the wings behind.nPut the onion, a 12 bunch of cilantro and the cut lime halves into the cavity and arrange on a roasting rack in a roasting pan.nRoast until the internal temperature registers 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 15 to 20 minutes per pound, about 3 12 hours. Remove the turkey from the oven to a cutting board. Tent with aluminum foil and let rest for 15 minutes.nWhile the turkey is resting, skim any fat off the top of the pan drippings and heat over mediumhigh heat. Scrape any bits off the bottom and add the chicken stock. Reduce for 8 minutes, then lower the heat and add the halfandhalf and remaining tequila. Reduce for 5 minutes and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. Strain and hold warm.nCarve the turkey, arrange on a serving platter and serve with the au jus., ingredients: [12 to 14 pound turkey, Brine, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 4 large pasilla peppers, 2 serrano peppers, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 cup chopped cilantro leaves, about 1 bunch, plus 12 bunch, whole leaves, 2 cups sliced scallions, about 2 bunches, 2 limes, 1 zested and juiced, 1 cut in 12, 12 cup tequila, divided, 1 onion, peeled and quartered, 1 cup chicken stock, 13 cup halfandhalf, 4 cups water, 12 cup kosher salt, 12 cup agave syrup, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 6 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, In a medium saucepan over high heat, add 2 cups of the water and the remaining ingredients. Stir until the salt is completely dissolved. Add the remaining 2 cups of water and allow the brine to cool to room temperature before using.], title: Mean Green Turkey Machine, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 12585: {instructions: Rinse and dry the pork shoulder. Let rest at room temperature for 1 12 hours. In a small bowl, combine black pepper, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, chili powder, cumin, brown sugar, dry mustard and cayenne. Rub mixture all over the pork.nArrange the oven racks in the middle and lower parts of the oven and preheat to 225 degrees F. Put a sheet tray on the lower rack and the pork directly on the middle rack, uncovered. Put the cast iron pan with the hickory chips on the floor of the oven. Remove the chips after 2 hours of cook time. The entire cooking time will be 8 to 10 hours.nApply mop sauce every hour throughout the cooking time.nIn the last hour of cook time, remove pork, wrap it tightly in plastic wrap, and then in aluminum foil and return to the oven for 1 more hour. Remove the pork from the oven to a work surface. Let rest until cool enough to pull the pork from the bones.nTo serve, cut the buns in half and pile up some pulled pork. Top with the Vinegar Sauce, then a large spoonful of the Fo Slaw and a final spoonful of sauce. Cover with the bun top and serve.nSoak the chips submerged in water for 15 minutes. While chips are soaking, preheat a 9inch cast iron pan on the stove top over medium heat until it is ashwhite hot. Remove chips from the water and add to the cast iron pan. Put the pan on the bottom floor of the oven for the first 2 hours of pork cooking time.nCombine all the ingredients in a medium bowl and reserve.nIn a large saucepan, mix together all the ingredients, in the order given, over low heat. Simmer for 30 minutes.nCombine all the dressing ingredients together in a large bowl. Adjust seasonings, if necessary. Add the cabbage and the carrots and toss to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour., ingredients: [8 pound bonein pork picnic shoulder, 13 cup freshly cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic powder, 2 tablespoons granulated onion powder, 14 cup salt, 14 cup chili powder, 14 cup ground cumin, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup hot dry mustard, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 cup hickory chips, prepped, method follows, Mop Sauce, recipe follows, Wilsons BBQ Award Wining Eastern Carolina Vinegar Sauce, recipe follows, Fo Slaw, recipe follows, Ciabatta rolls or other crunchy, chewy rolls, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Recipe courtesy Ed Wilson, Wilsons Holy Smoked BBQ, 1 quart cider vinegar, 1 cup water, 18 cup red pepper flakes, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoons Worcestershire, 1 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoons black pepper, 1 16ounce bottle ketchup, 34 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon horseradish, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 1 head cabbage, cored, tough leaves removed and shredded, 2 small carrots, shredded], title: Pulled Pork Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 12586: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDissolve the salt in 4 cups water in a large container. Add the duck and bay leaf, cover and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nDrain the brine from the duck and discard the bay leaf. Place the duck, duck fat and fresh thyme in a roasting pan. Wrap tightly with plastic wrap, and then with foil. Place in the oven for 3 hours. Remove the foil and plastic and allow to cool.nYou may rewrap and refrigerate the duck as is, or when cool enough to handle, strain the fat reserve for your next batch, or for making pommes frites and pick the meat and skin from the bones. We use the bones for making gravy and stock and you can fry up the skins for cracklings  maybe the best snack ever, ingredients: [14 cup kosher salt, 2 pounds duck legs and thighs, 1 bay leaf, 8 ounces duck fat, 1 ounce fresh thyme], title: Duck Confit, picturelink: paMtnyFVkcrxzGn4VpDTm.qW9v0bNq}, 12587: {instructions: For the grits:nBring the milk, water, and salt to a boil in a 4quart saucepan, set over mediumhigh heat.nWhile continually whisking, gradually add the grits. Turn the heat to low and cover. Cook for 15 to 20 minutes or until thick and creamy, removing the lid and whisking every 3 to 4 minutes to prevent the grits from sticking or forming lumps.nRemove from the heat, add the pepper and butter, and whisk to combine. Once the butter is melted, gradually stir in the cheese. Cover and set aside until the shrimp is ready.nFor the shrimp:nPlace a 10inch nonstick saute pan over medium heat for 2 minutes. Add the shrimp to the pan and toss once or twice. Remove the pan from the heat. Gently pour the whiskey into the pan, carefully ignite with a long match or stick lighter, and return to the heat. Toss continually until the flame extinguishes, approximately 1 to 2 minutes. Saute until the shrimp are cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes more. Season with hot sauce and salt and pepper if desired. Serve over warm grits., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 2 cups water, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 cup grits or coarse ground cornmeal, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 ounces sharp Cheddar, grated, 1 pound 3135 count shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 ounces bourbon whiskey, 14 teaspoon hot sauce, optional, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Flaming Shrimp and Grits, picturelink: null}, 12588: {instructions: Combine all the spice mix ingredients.nTo make the burgers: Toss the pork shoulder and fat back with the salt and the spice mix and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Grind through the coarse die of a grinder and form into four 8ounce patties.nTo make the spicy kraut: Soak the storebought kraut in water for 20 minutes, drain excess water. Render the bacon add the onion and saute until translucent. Add white wine and cook off the alcohol. Add sauerkraut and spices and enough water to cover. Simmer for 1 hour. Cool. Mix in garlicchili paste.nTo assemble: Cook burger patties until mediumwell. Melt 2 slices of cheeses on top of each patty. Place on toasted bun and top with spicy kraut., ingredients: [2 tablespoons freshly ground white pepper, 2 teaspoons rubbed sage, 1 teaspoon ground mace, 1 teaspoon ground celery seed, 1 34 pounds pork shoulder, diced, 14 pound fat back, diced, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon brat spice mix, 1 cup storebought sauerkraut, 1 tablespoon diced bacon, 14 cup onion, sliced, 2 tablespoons white wine, 2 juniper berries, crushed, 14 teaspoon caraway seeds, 14 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon garlicchili paste, 8 slices Gruyere cheese, 8 slices bacon, cooked, Large hamburger buns, toasted], title: Town Talk Diner  Brat Burger, picturelink: null}, 12589: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees.nPlace a baking rack on a sheet pan and lay the bacon on the rack. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes, until browned. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels.nMeanwhile, prepare the guacamole. Place the avocados, lime juice, scallions, red onion, jalapeno pepper, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper in a mixing bowl and mash roughly together with a fork. Taste for seasoning it should be very highly seasoned. Set aside.nWhen the bacon is done, heat a dry castiron skillet over high heat for 5 minutes. Pat the salmon fillets dry with paper towels, brush them all over  top and bottom  with olive oil, and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Place the fillets in the skillet skin side up and allow them to cook without disturbing them for 2 minutes exactly. With a metal spatula, carefully turn the fillets and cook for 2 more minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven for 2 minutes time it carefully. Remove the salmon to a plate and cover it tightly with aluminum foil. Allow it to rest for 10 minutes.nWhile the salmon rests, cut the ciabatta rolls in half crosswise, place them cut side up on a sheet pan, and toast in the oven for 5 to 10 minutes, until lightly toasted.nTo assemble the sandwiches, place the bottoms of the ciabatta rolls on a board and spread each with 2 rounded tablespoons of guacamole. Remove the skin from the salmon fillets, cut each fillet in half crosswise, and place both halves on top of the guacamole. Add 2 slices of bacon, a handful of arugula, and a sprinkling of salt. Spread another rounded tablespoon of guacamole on the underside of the top bread and place on top. Continue arranging all the sandwiches. Cut each sandwich in half diagonally and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [8 slices applewoodsmoked bacon 8 ounces, 2 ripe avocados, seeded and peeled, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice 2 limes, 4 scallions, white and green parts, chopped, 14 cup minced red onion, 1 tablespoon jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Four 6ounce salmon fillets, skin on, Good olive oil, 4 individual ciabatta rolls, Baby arugula leaves], title: Salmon and Guacamole Sandwiches, picturelink: fhkFOmbxLfA6jEm99Q5SFpHCVtypThm}, 12590: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the butter, Cheddar cheese powder, mustard powder, cayenne pepper and the popcorn. Season with salt and pepper, to taste and toss to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons melted butter, 14 cup Cheddar cheese powder, plus 1 tablespoon, 14 teaspoon mustard powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 cups popped popcorn, Salt and pepper], title: Cheddar Cheese Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 12591: {instructions: Preparation:nHeat the oil in the cooker. Cook the shallots and garlic over mediumhigh heat stirring frequently, for one minute. Add in the rice, stirring to coat with the shallot mixture. Add 4 cups of the hot stock and avoid the splutteringstir quickly. Lock the lid in place. Over high heat bring to high pressure. Lower the heat enough to maintain high pressure and cook for no more than 5 minutes. Reduce the pressure by placing the pot tilted under a running cold water tap. Remove the lid tilting it away from you. Stir the risotto and test for texture and moisture. Stir in 34 of the crabmeat gently along with the tarragon and the chives and lemon. Divide into four portions into warm pasta bowls.nDivide and top with the remaining crabmeat. Sprinkle over the Nori granules and crown with the Julienne of Nori.nTips: If the Risotto is not creamy enough add a little more stock over medium heat stirring constantly until the rice achieves the right consistency. It should be tender but chewy and quite moist not running wet. Always keep extra hot stock on the side to adjust the Risotto., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 13 cup chopped shallots in fine dice, 3 cloves of garlic in fine dice, 1 12 cups or so Arborio Rice, 5 cups reserving 1 cup of hot Maine Coast Sea Vegetable stock Dashi, 1 pound hand picked Jumbo Lump Crabmeat at room temperature 30 minutes picked over for cartilage, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 2 tablespoons of chopped chives, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 teaspoon plus of Nori granules with ginger, Maine Coast Sea Vegetables, 4 tablespoons of Nori, Maine Coast Sea Vegetables cut in julienne], title: Seaweed Risotto with Jumbo Lump Crabmeat, picturelink: null}, 12592: {instructions: Prepare brisket with heavier coating of rub. Dont trim fat gives meat flavor and tenderness. Prepare Smoker the same way you did for the ribs. When the smoker reaches 220 degrees, place your brisket inside and cook until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees, about 4 hours, or when brisket is almost black. Wrap the brisket in foil. Dont spritz the brisket with apple juice. Place the brisket back into the smoker and continue cooking until the internal temperature reaches 180 degrees, about 2 more hours. Let cool slightly and trim any fat. Then brush on room temperature BBQ sauce, slice and serve., ingredients: [1 4pound brisket, Barbecue Rub, 2 cups BBQ sauce, your favorite], title: Brisket Flats, picturelink: null}, 12593: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the crust, cream the butter and sugar until light in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Combine the flour and salt and, with the mixer on low, add to the butter until just mixed. Dump the dough onto a wellfloured board and gather into a ball. Flatten the dough with floured hands and press it into a 9 by 13 by 2inch baking sheet, building up a 12inch edge on all sides. Chill.nBake the crust for 15 to 20 minutes, until very lightly browned. Let cool on a wire rack. Leave the oven on.nFor the filling, whisk together the eggs, sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice, and flour. Pour over the crust and bake for 30 to 35 minutes, until the filling is set. Let cool to room temperature.nCut into triangles and dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [12 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 cups flour, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 extralarge eggs at room temperature, 3 cups granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons grated lemon zest 4 to 6 lemons, 1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 cup flour, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Lemon Bars, picturelink: null}, 12594: {instructions: Fit electric mixer with a dough hook. In the bowl of the mixer, combine ricotta, flour, 1 tablespoon oil, and salt. Form a well in the middle of the mixture and crack yolks into middle of the well. Using the dough hook, mix until the ingredients just come together. Wrap dough in moist towel and let rest in a warm location for 10 minutes. Roll dough through a pasta machine starting at the largest setting and slowly working to the number 4 setting. Take the sheet of dough and cut into strips about 12inches wide by 10 inches long, then pass through cavatelli machine. Place the pasta on sheet tray and freeze until ready to use.nBring 2 large pots of water to boil and salt heavily salty like the sea. While water is coming to boil, pass tomatoes through a food mill and then chinoise to remove seeds. Set aside. Thinly slice garlic and set aside. Remove the tail and claws of the lobsters and place the claws in 1 of the pots of boiling water. Turn the heat off and wait 2 minutes. Add the tails. Let steep 6 minutes more and remove tails and claws to ice water. When cooled, remove meat, chop and reserve. Add cavatelli to other pot and cook about 8 minutes.nIn saute pan, heat 4 ounces oil and add garlic, cooking 1 minute until garlic starts to just brown. Add sliced chili and cook 1 more minute. Stir in 14 cup dry white wine, cooking 1 minute, then add tomato puree. Cook 3 minutes more. When pasta is cooked, add it to the sauce with the lobster and cook 2 minutes. Add butter and turn off heat. Stir and season, to taste, with sea salt and white pepper.nTo serve, divide the pasta among 4 bowls, tear the basil leaves with your hand and sprinkle over the top of the pasta. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 cup ricotta cheese, drained and dry, 1 12 cups all purpose flour, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, plus 4 ounces, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 organic egg yolks, 1 16ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, 2 cloves garlic, 2 pounds lobster, 1 fresh red Thai chile, sliced, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons butter, 8 basil leaves, Sea salt and freshly cracked white pepper], title: Lobster fra Diavalo with Ricotta Cavatelli, picturelink: null}, 12595: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSet aside or prepare the stock and roasted tomatoes.nHeat a large pot or Dutch oven over medium to mediumhigh heat, add extravirgin olive oil, a couple of turns of the pan. Add the prosciutto and stir a couple of minutes. Add the chopped onions, celery, carrots, garlic, and chile pepper, season with salt, and pepper. If you are using potatoes, add them here. If you are using pasta, heat a second medium pot of water to a boil for the pasta and cook according to package directions for al dente. Cool the pasta and drizzle with a touch of extravirgin olive oil. Cover and store separately from the soup. Cover the pan and sweat the vegetables 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the cannellini beans, garbanzo beans, prepared stock and prepared tomatoes. Bring the soup to a boil and add the green beans. Bring the soup back to a bubble, then turn off the heat and cool the soup. Store the soup in the refrigerator for a makeahead meal.nTo reheat the soup: Place the soup over mediumhigh heat. Crisp up the bread in a warm oven. When the soup comes to a boil, stir in the cooked pasta, escarole, and a little lemon zest. Turn off the heat when pasta is warmed through. Serve the soup in shallow bowls and top with cheese, a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil, and crusty bread alongside for mopping.nFor the stock:nPlace the cheese rind, herb bundle, onion, celery, carrots, lemon rind, bay leaves, chicken stock, and water into a pot and bring to a bubble, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Simmer at least 1 hour, and then remove the rind, herb bundle, and vegetables with a slotted spoon or strainer.nFor the tomatoes:nHeat the oven to 500 degrees F.nArrange the tomatoes on a baking sheet or baking sheets in a single layer. Scatter the garlic among the tomatoes, dress with extravirgin olive oil to coat and season with salt and pepper. Roast the tomatoes until they burst and skins split and begin to char, about 30 minutes. Cool the tomatoes until cool enough to handle and peel. Place the tomatoes in a bowl., ingredients: [8 cups Parmigiano and HerbFortified Stock, recipe follows, 4 Roasted Tomatoes, chopped, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus some for drizzling, 1 18inchthick slice prosciutto di Parma, about 14 pound, optional, 1 onion, chopped, 2 to 3 ribs celery, finely chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and finely chopped, 4 cloves roasted garlic from roasted tomato recipe, recipe follows, 1 red chile pepper, finely chopped or thinly sliced recommended: Fresno or Holland, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound small potatoes, chopped or 1 cup small pasta, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained, 1 15 to 15.5ounce can garbanzo beans, drained, 5 ounces fresh, thin green beans, cut into thirds, 1 small head escarole or small bundle chard, shredded, Lemon zest, Parmesan cheese, shredded, for topping, Hot, crusty bread for mopping, 1 large rind trimmed from a hunk of ParmigianoReggiano cheese or a few small pieces rind perhaps savedup, Herb bundle of several sprigs each fresh thyme, parsley and rosemary, tied, 1 onion, peeled and quartered, 2 ribs celery, sliced on angle, 2 carrots, sliced on angle, Peeled rind of 1 lemon, 2 fresh bay leaves, 4 cups chicken stock, 12 cups 3 quarts water, 24 ripe organic vine tomatoes or large plum tomatoes, Several cloves garlic, crushed, Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling], title: Hearty and Healthy 3 Bean Minestrone, picturelink: U4r4.0dxX220SVsS1KSVtvKGLt4TFKO}, 12596: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, and salt stir will to mix. In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and brown sugar together on medium speed until well mixed, about 1 minute, then beat in the vanilla. Beat in the eggs, 1 at a time, beating smooth after each addition. Scrape the bowl and beater well and beat in the flour mixture followed immediately by the almonds.nScrape the dough onto a lightly floured work surface and shape and squeeze it into two rough cylinders, each about 10 inches long and 2 inches in diameter. Roll a piece of parchment or waxed paper around each piece of dough and tighten by pressing it in with the side of a cookie sheet or a piece of stiff cardboard. Chill the dough until firm. Or, at this stage, it can be doublewrapped in plastic, frozen, and kept for up to several weeks.nWhen you are ready to bake the cookies, set the racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Slice the cookies 14inch thick, rotating the roll of dough often as you slice so it doesnt become squashed from the weight of the knife. Arrange the cookies on the prepared pans about 1inch apart in all directions and bake them for about 12 to 15 minutes, until they have puffed somewhat and have become dull and are firm to the touch. Slide the papers from the pans onto racks. After the cookies have cooled, store them between sheets of parchment or waxed paper in a tin or plastic container with a tightfitting cover., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 16 tablespoons 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 12 cups firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 4 ounces about 1 cup coarsely chopped slivered almonds, 3 or 4 cookie sheets or jelly roll pans lined with parchment or foil you will need to cool and reuse them], title: Tennessee Icebox Cookies, picturelink: null}, 12597: {instructions: Peel the pears, and place in medium saucepan. Add wine, sugar, vanilla bean, cinnamon stick, orange peel, lemon peel, cloves, star anise, bay leaf, and just enough water to cover pears. Set saucepan over high heat, and bring liquid to a boil. Reduce to a simmer, and cook, occasionally stirring gently, over mediumlow heat, until a paring knife easily pierces pears, about 15 minutes. Remove pan from heat let pears cool in liquid. Using a slotted spoon, transfer pears to a plate. Pour poaching liquid through a sieve set over a bowl. Discard solids, and return liquid to saucepan. Place over mediumhigh heat, and cook until liquid has been reduced to a syrup that coats the back of a wooden spoon, about 45 minutes. Let cool store pears in an airtight container until ready to serve. When ready to serve, arrange pears on a platter or on individual plates, and drizzle poaching liquid over them., ingredients: [4 mediumsize firm pears, such as Anjou, Bartlett, or Bosc, 1 bottle robust red wine, such as Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, or Merlot, 12 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, cut in half lengthwise, 1 whole cinnamon stick, Peel from 1 orange, Peel from 1 lemon, 2 whole cloves, 1 star anise, 1 whole bay leaf], title: Poached Pears, picturelink: null}, 12598: {instructions: Preheat the grill over mediumhigh heat. Put the whole water chestnuts in a plastic bowl or container of some type and cover with the soy sauce. Pour enough brown sugar into the bowl to cover the chestnuts. It will dissolve as you add it so it may take a fair amount of brown sugar. Let them marinate overnight in the refrigerator. In the morning, stir the mixture and let sit until you need them.nCut the stems off the peppers. The larger the jalapeno the better. Core the jalapenos. You can find a tool called a chili twister at most BBQfireplace stores. Warm the package of cream cheese in the microwave and squeeze it into a quart freezer bag. Cut a little bit of the corner off the bag and use it as a pastry bag. Fill the bottom part of the pepper only. Now stuff 1 or 2 chestnuts into the pepper. You may need to cut the chestnuts in half. Leave a little space at the top of the pepper. Take the bacon thin sliced works best and cut the strips in half. Wrap each pepper with the half slices of bacon. Use toothpicks to keep bacon in place. Using the rest of the cream cheese, fill the remaining space at the top of the peppers. Sprinkle a little bit of allpurpose bbq rub on the top for some color. They are ready to cook.nPlace the poppers on the grill and cook until the bacon is done. Watch them closely If the bacon grease pools it will catch fire. Open grates work well but the bacon drippings will still catch fire, but an offset fire works best. Also at most BBQfireplace stores you can find holders that will hold 1, 2, or 3 dozen jalapenos., ingredients: [1 can whole water chestnuts, 2 cups soy sauce, 1 12 to 2 pounds brown sugar, 12 large jalapeno peppers, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, 1 pound thinsliced bacon, Allpurpose BBQ rub], title: Jalapeno Poppers, picturelink: null}, 12599: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook ravioli according to package instructions.nFor the Adults: In a medium saute pan over medium heat add 2 tablespoons olive oil. When oil is hot add onions and cook, stirring occasionally until onions release their natural sugar and become golden brown, about 20 minutes.nTo the onions add, the tomatoes, asparagus, 12 the ravioli, 12 the chicken, salt, pepper and remaining olive oil and saute until all ingredients are heated through. Garnish with 12 the basil and some Parmesan cheese.nFor the Kids: Saute remaining chicken with tomato sauce and remaining ravioli. Cook until sauce is hot and chicken is heated through. Season with salt and pepper and garnish with remaining basil and Parmesan cheese, to taste., ingredients: [1 1 pound bag mini frozen ravioli, 14 cup olive oil, 1 medium white onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup grape tomatoes, sliced, 1 cup asparagus tips, blanched, 2 cup shredded rotisserie chicken, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped basil, Grated Parmesan, 1 cup jarred tomato sauce], title: Ravioli Plus, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}}