{12900: {instructions: In a bowl combine the steak, soy sauce, olive oil, garlic, and pepper. Let marinate 15 minutes. Warm a nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until it is hot. Add the steak, marinade, and salt, and cook, stirring, just until the meat is no longer pink be careful not to overcook. With a slotted spoon transfer the steak to a plate. Add the remaining oil to the skillet and warm it over moderately high heat until hot. Add the mushrooms and salt and pepper, and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes.nIn a salad bowl combine the steak, mushrooms along with any pan juices, and spinach leaves, tossing gently to combine.nFor the dressing: In a bowl whisk together the vinegar, mustard, lemon pepper, and salt to taste. Add the oil, in a stream, whisking until combined well. Whisk in the herbs. Pour the dressing over the salad and toss to combine. Serve with grilled or toasted bread., ingredients: [8 ounces sirloin or filet mignon steak, cut into strips, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Freshly ground pepper, 8 ounces shiitake or similar wild mushroom, trimmed, wiped clean and sliced, Salt, 12 ounces fresh spinach leaves, trimmed, rinsed, and patted dry, 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 to 3 teaspoons lemon pepper, Salt, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Minced fresh herbs, such as dill, chives, basil, or a combination, White cultivated mushrooms may be substituted and do not need to be cooked.], title: Spinach and Beef Salad, picturelink: null}, 12901: {instructions: Pit and scoop out avocados into a bowl. Add the onion, garlic, peppers, adobo sauce, cilantro, lime zest, lime juice, and salt. Mash and taste to adjust salt. Serve with chips., ingredients: [2 Hass avocados, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, 1 large clove garlic, grated or pasted, 1 to 2 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, seeded and finely chopped, plus a small spoonful adobo sauce, A small handful fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 1 lime, zested and juiced, Kosher salt, Tortilla chips, for serving], title: Smoky Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 12902: {instructions: Add 14 cup olive oil to a large skillet over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and cook them for about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the lemon zest and juice, garlic, thyme, and bay leaves. Pour over the remaining olive oil and season the mixture with salt and pepper. Pour into a bowl and allow to cool. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds cremini or button mushrooms, cleaned and quartered, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 3 garlic cloves, sliced, 1 small bunch fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Marinated Mushrooms, picturelink: au4osoW9ebqWIjPDAB0c5h25tPfi012}, 12903: {instructions: Special equipment: Butchers stringnAdd all ingredients except for the foie gras into a large bowl. Mix well. Roll out and add the foie gras to the center. Roll into a sausage. Cover using the duck skin for casing. Tie with butchers string to secure. Confit the duck sausage by cooking in duck fat in a very slow heat until cooked about 25 minutes. Take out and roast in a roasting pan, in a preheated 350 degree oven, until golden brown and crispy.nWine Suggestion: River Bend, Russian River Valley, Pinot Noir, 1996, ingredients: [2 tablespoons ground duck meat, 1 cup diced duck meat, 2 tablespoons ground duck fat, plus more for cooking sausage, 14 cup flour add enough hot water to make a small pastry dough, about 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons port wine, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, Salt and pepper, Sugar, 1 egg white, 1 pound foie gras, Duck skin, 8 pounds duck fat], title: Duck Sausage, picturelink: null}, 12904: {instructions: In small mixing bowl, combine all of the ingredients and mix well. Pour by spoonfuls onto a hot, oiled griddle. Spread the batter with the back of the spoon to make thin, crepelike pancakes. Cook until the batter is bubbly. Turn over. Serve immediately with butter and syrup or favorite fruit sauce., ingredients: [2 cups buttermilk, 1 cup flour, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Buttermilk Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 12905: {instructions: Combine all the fruit: cantaloupe, pineapple, peaches, apples, strawberries in a large mixing bowl, along with the sugar and honey. Add fruit mix to the pot on the stove and add your liquid ingredients of water, pineapple, lemon and orange juice.nWhile the fruit mix is simmering on the stove, cut the bottom of your cantaloupe half so as to not rock and with your fruit baller, dig out 2 cups cantaloupe adding it to the rest of the fruit in the pot. Reduce heat, and simmer uncovered for 15 minutes or until fruit is soft.nAllow fruit to cool down. When ready pour half of fruit mixture into blender. Blend until smooth. Repeat with the remaining mixture and chill until ready to serve.nSpoon into bowls, garnish each serving with a dollop of sour cream and orange rind., ingredients: [12 cantaloupe, seeds removed, 1 cup fresh pineapple, 1 cup peaches, 1 cup Granny Smith apples, peeled and diced, 2 cups strawberries, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 cups water, 14 cup pineapple juice, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup orange juice, Sour cream, for garnish, Orange rind, for garnish], title: Fruit Soup, picturelink: yfnwkC7Q0P80F.Hv4zGwB.oMzy.FW1C}, 12906: {instructions: 1. To prepare the filling: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Put the chicken in a large saucepan with the squash, mushrooms, and broth. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat and cook just until the meat is opaque, and the squash is slightly soft, 5 to 7 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the chicken, squash and mushrooms to a 2quart ovenproof casserole dish. Return the liquid to a boil and reduce to 2 cups, about 15 minutes.n2. Melt the butter in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add flour and chili powder and stir until fragrant and bubbling, 2 to 3 minutes. Whisk in the reduced broth and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring often, until the consistency of thick gravy, about 8 to 10 minutes. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper . Pour the sauce over chicken and vegetables. The recipe can be made up to 2 days ahead at this point. Keep covered in the refrigerator and bring to room temperature before continuing.n3. To prepare the topping: In large bowl, combine cornmeal, 12 cup flour, baking powder, baking soda, and 1 12 teaspoons salt. In another small bowl, mix the buttermilk, egg, jalapeno, and 1 tablespoon oil. Pour the liquid ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir until just combined. Drop large spoonfuls of batter, over the chicken to cover. Bake until the topping is lightly browned and the sauce is bubbly, about 20 to 25 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [4 large boneless skinless chicken thighs about 1 12 pounds, trimmed, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 small butternut squash about 1 pound peeled, seeded and cut into 1inch pieces about 3 cups, 10 to 12 medium white mushrooms, halved about 6 ounces, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons chili powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, Fine salt, 23 cup buttermilk, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons minced jalapeno, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Chicken Pot Pie with Jalapeno Cornbread Topping, picturelink: null}, 12907: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a baking sheet.nWhisk the bread flour, cake flour, baking powder, sugar and salt in a large bowl. Work in the shortening with your fingers until the mixture is combined. Beat the eggs and buttermilk, then stir into the flour mixture with a fork to make a shaggy dough.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and roll out to 14 inch thick. Cut out biscuits using a 2 12inchround cutter or glass, rerolling the scraps as needed. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Brush with the beaten egg.nBake until golden and puffy, 18 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool slightly. Serve warm.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for the pan, 1 34 cups bread flour, 1 34 cups cake flour, plus more for dusting, 2 12 tablespoons baking powder, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 2 large eggs, plus 1 beaten egg for brushing, 1 cup buttermilk or milk], title: Powdermilk Biscuits, picturelink: GjoyXo8wcv2bcqadDaebBr3TTG2sLKC}, 12908: {instructions: Dry roast the spices, except mace, stirring constantly for 2 minutes or until it extrudes a spicy aroma and turns several shades darker. Let cool completely and then grind with mace to a fine powder. Store in an air tight container up to 3 months., ingredients: [14 cup cumin seeds, 14 cup coriander seeds, 1 12 tablespoons cardamon seeds, 2 whole cinnamon sticks, 3 inches long, 1 12 teaspoons whole cloves, 3 tablespoons black peppercorns, 4 bay leaves, broken up, 12 teaspoon mace optional], title: Garam Masala, picturelink: null}, 12909: {instructions: In a large bowl of an electric mixer, cream the butter with the sugar, salt and egg yolk until smooth. Blend in the flour until the mixture blends into a smooth dough. Wrap the dough in a plastic bag and refrigerate 12 hour or up to two days.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Roll out the dough on a lightlyfloured surface to 18inch thickness. Cut into desired shapes using cookie cutters. Place on lightlygreased cookie sheets. Sprinkle with decorating sugar. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg yolk, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour], title: Ultimate Butter Cookie, picturelink: null}, 12910: {instructions: For the spicy shrimp and ground beef buns: Combine the shrimp and dried mushrooms in a bowl and pour 1 cup boiling water over to cover. Let stand at least 10 minutes, and then drain, reserving the liquid, and finely chop.nHeat a wok over mediumhigh heat and add the peanut oil. Add the shrimp, mushrooms, bacon and shallots and fry, stirring constantly, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the ground beef, breaking the meat up with a spatula and cooking until no longer pink, 3 to 4 minutes.nAdd the bamboo shoots, jalapenos and green peppers and toss 1 to 2 minutes. Drizzle in about 12 cup of the mushroom soaking liquid along with the light soy sauce, dark soy sauce and rice wine and bring to a simmer. Stir in the cornstarch slurry and cook until thickened and glossy, about 1 minute. Season with the white pepper.nTo serve, spoon about 12 cup of the mixture depending on the bun size onto each bun and garnish with the cornichons, a drizzle of chili oil, if using, and the cilantro. Sprinkle the peanuts with sugar, if using, over the top of each bao and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons cornstarch, whisked with 1 tablespoon cold water, Pinch ground white pepper, 4 to 6 large bao buns, steamed, or soft sandwich buns, Spicy Shrimp and Ground Beef Buns:, 1 ounce dried shrimp, 5 or 6 small dried Chinese shiitake mushrooms, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 ounce smoked bacon or pancetta, finely diced, 1 shallot, smashed and finely diced, 8 ounces ground beef, 4 ounces shredded bamboo shoots, drained and diced, 1 jalapeno, stemmed and finely diced, 1 green pepper, seeded and diced, 1 to 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Shaoshing rice wine, 6 pickled cornichons, finely sliced, for serving, Chili oil, optional, for serving, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, for serving, 1 tablespoon finely chopped peanuts mixed with 2 tablespoons sugar, optional, for serving], title: Zhajiang Bao Spicy Shrimp and Ground Beef Buns, picturelink: null}, 12911: {instructions: Make the barbecue sauce: Bring the cola to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Cook until reduced by about half, about 5 minutes. Add the ketchup, vinegar, brown sugar, mustard, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne and 2 teaspoons paprika. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly.nPreheat a grill to medium and prepare for indirect grilling: On a charcoal grill, bank the coals to one side on a gas grill, turn off half the burners. Combine 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon black pepper and the remaining 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon paprika in a bowl. Rub the salt mixture all over the ribs. Remove 1 cup of the barbecue sauce to a small bowl brush over the ribs.nWrap each rack of ribs separately in foil. Put the racks, overlapping if necessary, on the cooler side of the grill indirect heat. Cover and cook, flipping the ribs after 30 minutes, until just tender and beginning to pull away from the bones, about 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes.nRemove the ribs from the grill and carefully unwrap pour any juices into the pan with the remaining barbecue sauce. Bring the sauce to a simmer over medium heat and cook until thickened, 5 to 7 minutes.nIncrease the grill heat to medium high. Brush the ribs with some sauce from the pan and grill over direct heat, flipping every 5 minutes, until glossy and crisp at the edges, about 20 minutes. Transfer the ribs to a large cutting board and let rest 5 minutes. Cut the ribs between the bones and serve with the remaining barbecue sauce.nIf youre making the ribs on a charcoal grill, youll need 3 to 4 pounds of charcoal. Add several new briquettes to the coals every 30 minutes to maintain the heat.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 20ounce bottle cola, 2 cups ketchup, 23 cup apple cider vinegar, 13 cup lightly packed dark brown sugar, 13 cup Dijon mustard, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 34 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 racks baby back ribs 8 to 10 pounds total, membranes removed, Vegetable oil, for the grill], title: Cola Barbecue Ribs, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 12912: {instructions: Combine the cumin, coriander, turmeric, paprika, nutmeg cinnamon, cardamom, allspice, cayenne pepper and ground cloves and store in an airtight container away from the heat for up to several months., ingredients: [1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon turmeric, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 12 teaspoons freshly grated nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cloves], title: Moroccan Spice Blend  Ras el Hanout, picturelink: null}, 12913: {instructions: Melt 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips with 2 teaspoons shortening in the microwave. Spoon into 1 12inch circles about 20 on an oiled parchmentlined baking sheet. Let cool slightly, then top with chopped pistachios and candied orange peel. Refrigerate until firm.nPhotograph by Jeff Harris, ingredients: [], title: PistachioOrange Chocolate Coins, picturelink: null}, 12914: {instructions: Mix the sugar, salt and 3 quarts 12 cups water together in a large plastic or stainless steel vessel. Add the chicken quarters to the mixture and let brine, refrigerated, for at least 2 hours.nSet a wire rack on a baking sheet. Remove the chicken from the brine, pat dry with paper towels and then set on the wire rack for at least 1 hour at room temperature, though it is ideal to do this step overnight in the refrigerator. If you decide to refrigerate it overnight, be sure to bring the chicken to room temperature for about an hour before grilling.nHeat a grill to medium heat about 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, toss the chicken with the cornstarch and vegetable oil.nGrill the chicken skinside down for 15 minutes, keeping an eye on it to make sure the skin doesnt burn. Flip the chicken and cook until it reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 20 minutes. Remove and let rest for at least 10 minutes. Serve with Alabama White BBQ Sauce.nStir together the mayonnaise, vinegar, horseradish, mustard and pepper in a medium bowl. Season with salt. Serve with grilled chicken., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 34 cup kosher salt, One 5pound chicken, quartered, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Alabama White BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Salt], title: Grilled Chicken with Alabama White BBQ Sauce, picturelink: JLFD8x16tC7qRootXBSLs9l.c9bC77y}, 12915: {instructions: Wash and cut okra into 14inch pieces. Mix cornmeal, flour and seasoning. Add okra. Pour oil into a deep frying pan and heat to about 400 degrees F. Fry until golden., ingredients: [2 pounds okra, 12 cup selfrising cornmeal, 2 tablespoons selfrising flour, 1 12 cups oil, Dash of salt and pepper], title: Mamas Fried Okra, picturelink: null}, 12916: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large bowl. Refrigerate for 1 hour. May also be used as a great marinade for chicken, shrimp or beef., ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 2 teaspoon dark sesame oil, Juice of 2 oranges, 2 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoon ginger, peeled and minced, 12 cup scallion, chopped, 2 teaspoon garlic, minced, 2 teaspoon sesame seeds, toasted], title: Teriyaki Sauce, picturelink: null}, 12917: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper or foil.nStir together the peaches, brown sugar, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, and lemon juice in a large bowl until combined.nOn a wellfloured surface, using a lightly floured rolling pin, roll out the pie dough into a large circle, about 12 to 14 inches in diameter. Move the dough circle to the prepared baking sheet. Chill the rolledout dough in the refrigerator until firm, about 15 minutes. Spoon the fruit mixture onto the center of the dough leaving a 1inch border. Fold the edges of the dough over the fruit, pleating the dough, then dot the fruit filling with the butter pieces. Lightly brush the dough with the beaten egg, and sprinkle with sugar.nBake the pie until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, 25 to 30 minutes. Cover if the crust browns too quickly. Allow the pie to cool slightly. Serve warm with vanilla bean ice cream or alongside fresh whipped cream.nIn a mixing bowl, mix together the flour and the salt cut or work the butter into the flour with your fingers or with a pastry blender until you have large peasize chunks scattered throughout. Alternatively, pulse the dough in a food processor, or mix in a stand mixer with the paddle attachment on low speed.nAdd the ice water slowly while stirring with a fork, or in the food processor or mixer, until just combined. Be careful not to overwork the dough. Divide the dough into 2 disks, flatten and refrigerate each for at least 15 minutes., ingredients: [12 Perfect Pie Dough 1 disk, recipe follows, 3 cups peeled, pitted, and sliced peaches, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Flour, for dusting, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 teaspoons sugar recommended: turbinado, Vanilla bean ice cream or fresh whipped cream, for garnish, 1 12 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, chilled or frozen, 4 to 6 tablespoons ice cold water], title: Fresh Peaches and Cream Rustic Pie, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 12918: {instructions: Cook beets in large pot of boiling water until very tender and knife pierces through to the center easily, about 50 minutes. Drain beets cool slightly. Peel and coarsely chop.nTransfer beets, scallions, cucumbers, horseradish, and wine vinegar to food processor. Add some of the liquids to blend. Puree, but not too fine. Thin to desired consistency with beet juice and broth. Transfer to bowl, season, and chill several hours. Check seasoning before serving. Pour into individual bowls and garnish with spoonful of sour cream and sprinkling of dill. Can be made up to 3 days in advance, covered, chilled., ingredients: [4 medium beets, trimmed, 3 to 4 scallions, chopped, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded, chopped, 1 teaspoon grated fresh horseradish, 1 tablespoon wine vinegar, 1 cup beet juice, 1 cup chicken broth, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup sour cream, Handful fresh dill sprigs], title: Cold Beet and Cucumber Soup, picturelink: null}, 12919: {instructions: In the top of a double boiler melt the chocolate. In a separate heavy saucepan, heat the milk and cream on low until hot dont let it bubble. Once hot, add 3 tablespoons of this milk and cream to the melted chocolate and mix well. Blend in the rest of the hot milkcream mixture, and add sugar and cinnamon.nCombine the eggs and vanilla, and beat together in a bowl. Add a tablespoon of the chocolate mixture to the eggs and beat well. Slowly stir the entire egg mixture into the chocolate mixture. Whisk the hot chocolate briskly in the double boiler for three minutes.nWhile waiting, pour white chocolate liqueur or creme de cacao in mugs. For a peppermint flavor, add the schnapps. Add hot chocolate mixture. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 oz. white chocolate liqueur or creme de cacao, 4 oz. unsweetened chocolate, 4 cups milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 34 cup sugar, 112 tsp. cinnamon, 2 eggs, 3 tsp. pure vanilla extract, 12 oz. peppermint schnapps optional], title: Sharons Seriously Toasty Texas Hot Chocolate, picturelink: I7vswDdsU3gzgdJpnNpVbKtX2S.7eGm}, 12920: {instructions: Preheat oven at 375 degrees F.nIn a mediumsized saute pan, put 2 dribbles of salad oil and heat over mediumhigh heat.nAdd the carrots, celery, and onions and saute, about 5 minutes. Put aside and let cool.nIn large bowl put the carrot mixture, ground beef and remaining ingredients, except for the bread, the bread crumbs and ketchup. Soak the bread in cold water, then squeeze water out like a sponge and drain it. Add to the ground beef and mix. A stand mixer is may help make it easier. Add the bread crumbs and mix. Roll into firm loaf, spread ketchup over the top, and place into preheated oven for approximately 45 to 55 minutes, or until cooked through. Take out and serve hot., ingredients: [Salad oil, 1 carrot, small to medium dice, 2 stalks celery, small to medium dice, 1 medium onion, small to medium dice, 2 pounds ground beef, 2 eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Dash hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 3 slices bread, 12 cup seasoned Italian bread crumbs, Ketchup], title: Meatloaf, picturelink: JDmpIblaFYmGYwJ9phYI2TSFunTQ0q}, 12921: {instructions: Cook 2 minced shallots in a skillet with butter over medium heat until slightly softened, 3 minutes. Add 1 minced garlic clove and a pinch of red pepper flakes cook 30 seconds. Remove from the heat. Add 12 cup vodka, a 28ounce can crushed tomatoes and some salt. Simmer, stirring, 7 minutes. Stir in 23 cup heavy cream and simmer until thickened, 3 minutes. Stir in 12 cup grated parmesan and a handful of torn basil. Toss with 12 ounces cooked penne, adding some pastacooking water to loosen.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Vodka Sauce, picturelink: null}, 12922: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat large nonstick skillet over medium high heat.nCombine lime juice, hot sauce, cumin, red pepper flakes and seafood seasoning blend.nQuickly saute garlic and shallots in oil and butter for 1 minute, add shrimp and cook 3 minutes, tossing and turning frequently. Dump pink, firm, cooked shrimp from hot pan into hot seasoning blend and toss in seasoning mixture to coat shrimp evenly. Garnish with chopped chives. Serve warm or chilled., ingredients: [1 lime, juiced, 2 ounces 14 cup hot cayenne pepper sauce, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon crab boil seasoning, 4 cloves garlic, crushed and chopped, 2 shallots, chopped, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 2 pounds jumbo shrimp peeled and deveined See Cooks Note, 12 to 15 blades fresh chives, chopped, for garnish], title: Spitfire Shrimp, picturelink: eQAZ.AOx5T8YbAHqFk8GpSnuOtk5m6}, 12923: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine ground beef, eggs, breadcrumbs, Parmesan cheese, herbs, garlic, onion, ketchup, Worcestershire. Mix well, gradually adding the milk if it seems too moist, add bread crumbs until it is a consistency that will form a loaf without flattening. Spray a large baking or roasting pan with a nonstick spray and press the meatloaf out. Layer cheese slices and ham, covering the center line of the meatloaf, then close it together and tuck in the ends, forming a loaf which is oblong. Crisscross the bacon strips to cover the loaf. Bake for 35 to 45 minutes or until the meat thermometer registers 160 degrees F.nLet rest 15 minutes, then cut and serve. Gravy is optional., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 2 eggs, 1 cup bread crumbs up to 1 12 cups, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley leaves, 2 cloves garlic, minced or pressed, 1 onion, diced, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup milk, 8 slices cheddar, 8 slices baked ham, 8 slices bacon], title: Italian Stuffed Meatloaf, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 12924: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan over high heat.nBring 2 cups vegetable broth and butter to a boil in a small covered pot. Add rice, reduce heat to low and cook 18 to 20 minutes, or until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed.nSplit peppers lengthwise and remove seeds, leaving stems in tact. Grill peppers on hot grill pan for 3 to 5 minutes on each side. Remove from grill and let cool enough to handle.nTo a medium skillet over moderate heat, add 1 tablespoon oil and onion. Saute onion 2 or 3 minutes. Add cooked rice to the pan and stir in peas and taco sauce. Season rice with salt and pepper.nLoad up pepper halves with seasoned rice. Top rice filled peppers with chopped cilantro or parsley and scallions., ingredients: [2 cups vegetable broth, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup white rice, 2 long mild chile peppers, red or green, cubanelle Italian peppers may be substituted, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 cup frozen peas, 1 cup mild or medium prepared taco sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves or flat leaf parsley, for garnish, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, for garnish], title: Southwestern Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 12925: {instructions: In a dry pan, toast the oregano for 1 to 2 minutes, until golden but not burned.nIn a small bowl, whisk the lime juice, salt, pepper and oregano together. Drizzle in the olive oil, whisking constantly until emulsified.nTrim the stalks of the fennel down to the bulb and discard. Quarter the bulbs and trim away the triangle of core at the base. Slice the fennel as thinly as possible.nIn a serving bowl, toss the fennel, red pepper and the dressing together until the vegetables are evenly coated. Serve immediately or refrigerate, covered, for up to 1 hour before serving, and toss again just before serving., ingredients: [3 teaspoon Mexican dried oregano, Juice of a lime about 1 tablespoon, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 3 bulbs fennel about 3 pounds, 2 red bell peppers, cored, seeded and julienned], title: Fennel Slaw, picturelink: null}, 12926: {instructions: Artfully arrange the cheeses, crackers, figs and cranberries on a board and decorate with the rosemary and fig leaves., ingredients: [Goats milk cheese, such as Monte Enebro, Sheeps milk cheese, such as Abbaye de Belloc, Cows milk cheese, such as BrillatSavarin, Cheddar, such as Nealu00bfs Yard Dairy Montgomery Cheddar, Nut and fruit crackers, Dried figs, Dried cranberries, Sprigs of rosemary, for decoration, Fig leaves, for decoration], title: Cavaniolas Cheese Platter, picturelink: null}, 12927: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Set a rack on a rimmed baking sheet and coat with cooking spray. Toss the chicken with the olive oil in a large bowl, then add the falafel mix and toss to coat. Arrange the chicken on the rack and bake until golden and cooked through, about 10 minutes. While the chicken is baking, stack the pita halves and wrap them in foil warm in the oven, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, mix the hummus, lemon zest and juice, harissa and 3 tablespoons water in a large bowl. Remove 2 tablespoons of the hummus sauce and reserve. Add the coleslaw mix, radishes and parsley to the remaining hummus sauce and toss. Season with salt.nDivide the chicken among plates and drizzle with the reserved hummus sauce. Stuff the slaw in the pitas and serve with the chicken.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 3 skinless, boneless chicken breasts about 1 14 pounds, sliced into 14inchthick strips, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup falafel mix, 2 wholewheat pitas, halved, 6 tablespoons hummus, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 12 teaspoon harissa or other hot chile paste, 4 cups shredded coleslaw mix, 6 radishes, halved and thinly sliced, 1 cup chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt], title: FalafelCrusted Chicken With Hummus Slaw, picturelink: KWag3UIDlgxkiRq3MTRBTefnjj2Zgf2}, 12928: {instructions: Place fruit in small saucepan with Port and cloves. Slowy bring liquid to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for about 2 minutes just until fruit is tender. Remove saucepan from heat and cool fruit to room temperature. remove cloves. Spoon fruit into dessert bowl and top with yogurt., ingredients: [12 cup packed each  dried apricots and pitted prunes, 14 cup Port or Madeira, 2 whole cloves, 12 cup plain whole milk yogurt], title: Port Soused Fruit with Yogurt, picturelink: null}, 12929: {instructions: In a saute pan, toast the Szechuan peppercorns, coriander seeds, black peppercorns, and star anise over mediumhigh heat for 3 to 4 minutes, until fragrant. Remove from the heat and let cool. Grind the toasted spices in a coffee grinder to the consistency of course salt and pour into a small bowl. Add the garlic powder, salt, and curry powder and mix well.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPrick the skin of the duck all over with the point of a very sharp knife. Rub the duck with the spice mixture. Place in a roasting pan and roast for 20 minutes. Decrease the temperature to 350 degrees F and cook for another 40 minutes, until the juices run clear when a thigh is pierced. Transfer the duck to a platter, reserving the duck fat in the pan.nWhen the duck cools, remove the skin and the meat and julienne both. Place the skin in a small saute pan. Add 2 tablespoons of the reserved duck drippings and saute slowly over low heat. Cook for about 15 minutes, until the fat is rendered from the skin and the skin is crispy. Transfer to paper towels to drain.nPlace all the ingredients except the canola oil in a blender. Blend for 1 minute. With the motor running, slowly add the canola oil. If the dressing is too thick, add a small amount of water to thin it to desired consistency.nIn a large bowl, mix the greens, carrot, jicama, green onion, cranberries, macadamia nuts, and mango. Drizzle with 34 cup of the dressing and toss to coat.nTo assemble the dish, divide the dressed greens among the tortillas and mound in the center. Divide the duck meat among the salads. Top with the wonton strips and duck skin cracklings and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Szechuan peppercorns, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon star anise, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 5pound duck, 1 tablespoon duck spice, 8 6inch flour tortillas, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon peeled and chopped fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons rice vinegar, 12 teaspoon Asian sesame oil, 14 cup honey, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon Thai garlicchili paste, see Cooks Note, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 34 cup canola oil, 34 pound mixed baby salad greens, 12 cup peeled and julienne carrot, 12 cup julienned jicama, 14 cup sliced green onion, white part only, 14 cup dried cranberries, 2 tablespoons macadamia nut pieces, toasted, 12 cup diced mango, 12 cup wonton chips, for garnish], title: FiveSpice Duck Tostada with GingerChile Cream Dressing, picturelink: null}, 12930: {instructions: Preheat oven 350 degrees F.nDebone the lamb racks and remove any exterior fat. Cut up the bones and reserve for the lamb stock.nSear the lamb fillets in a pan with olive oil for 2 to 3 minutes, until lightly browned on all sides. Season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with thyme. Set aside.nStem, wash and pat dry the spinach. Melt the butter in a pan. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until browned. Add the spinach and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Reserve.nSpread 1 sheet of the phyllo dough out onto a flat surface. Fold in half and brush with butter. Wrap the lamb fillets in prosciutto. Place the 1 lamb fillet on the phyllo and cover with 12 of the spinach. Wrap with the phyllo and place on a baking sheet. Repeat with the rest of the ingredients. Cook for 12 to 15 minutes.nPour a little lamb stock on each plate before serving.nPut the bones in a saucepan and brown lightly. Add the onion, chopped carrot and the bouquet garni. Cover with water and season with salt and pepper. Cook slowly, uncovered, for 1 hour, skimming and degreasing from time to time.nStrain through a sieve or a fine cloth.nYield: 4 12 cups, ingredients: [2 1 12 pound lamb racks, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon chopped thyme, 7 ounces spinach, 1 ounce butter, 1 ounce chopped shallots, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 2 sheets phyllo, 4 thin slices prosciutto, 1 cup lamb stock, recipe follows, 2 pounds lamb bones, 1 small onion, 1 small carrot, 1 small bouquet garni, 9 cups water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Golden Crusted Lamb Fillet, picturelink: null}, 12931: {instructions: Soak the red onion in cold water, 10 minutes. Meanwhile, cut the apple into matchsticks and toss with the lemon juice set aside.nToast the pecans in a medium dry skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let cool slightly, then roughly chop.nToss the kohlrabies, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Combine the dressing and sugar in a small bowl. Drain the onion, squeezing out any excess water, then add to the kohlrabies along with the apple, carrots, parsley and toasted pecans. Add the dressing mixture and toss to combine season with salt and pepper. Let sit 1 hour before serving.nPuree 12 cup each crumbled blue cheese and sour cream, 13 cup buttermilk, 1 small garlic clove smashed and 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar in a blender. Transfer to a bowl and stir in 14 cup more blue cheese, 2 to 3 dashes Worcestershire sauce andor hot sauce, and 1 tablespoon chopped parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Makes about 2 cups.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [14 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 green apple, Juice of 1 lemon, 12 cup pecan halves, 3 medium kohlrabies about 2 pounds, peeled and cut into matchsticks, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup blue cheese dressing see directions, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup shredded carrots about 3 carrots, 12 cup fresh parsley, roughly chopped], title: KohlrabiBlue Cheese Slaw, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 12932: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9inch baking pan.nPlace oats in a bowl, pour the boiling water over and let soak for 30 minutes. Drain well.nSift together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt on waxed paper. Place butter and sugars in the bowl of a mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time and mix until smooth. Add the soaked oats and mix until incorporated. Add the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Scrape the batter evenly into the prepared pan and bake in the oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with a few moist crumbs, about 35 to 40 minutes. Place on a baking rack and let cool for 40 minutes this cake is best served warm. Serve the cake topped with some of the warm berry compote and a large dollop of clotted cream.n2 teaspoons cornstarchn1 12 cups fresh orange juice plus 2 teaspoonsn3 tablespoons honeyn1 vanilla bean, splitn1 cup fresh blueberriesn1 cup fresh blackberriesn2 cups fresh raspberriesnFor the compote: Dissolve the cornstarch in the 2 teaspoons orange juice. Set aside. Combine the 1 12 cups orange juice, the honey and vanilla bean in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat, let cook for 2 minutes or until the honey has completely dissolved. Add the blueberries and blackberries and cook for 2 minutes. Add the cornstarch and cook until the mixture thickens slightly, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and fold in the raspberries. Discard the vanilla bean. Serve warm.nYield: 6 to 8 servings, ingredients: [1 cup rolled oats, not instant, 1 12 cups boiling water, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Mixed Berry Compote, recipe follows, Clotted cream, for serving], title: Oat Cake with Warm Mixed Berry Compote and Clotted Cream, picturelink: null}, 12933: {instructions: BRINE: Combine salt, brown sugar, black peppercorns, hot red pepper flakes, bay leaves and hot water in a large bowl. Stir to dissolve sugar and salt. Add wine and ice water, stir to combine. Place ribs in a large, nonreactive baking dish. Pour brine over ribs, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 46 hours. Remove ribs from brine, rinse well under cold running water and pat dry with paper towels. Brined ribs may be wrapped in plastic and refrigerated overnight.nSPICE RUB: Heat a heavy, dry saucepan on medium high. Add coriander, mustard seeds and whole peppercorns and toast, shaking pan, until fragrant. Grind toasted spices in a spice grinder or small coffee grinder. Transfer to a small bowl and stir in salt, garlic powder, thyme, oregano and granulated sugar.nRIBS: Rub both sides of rib slabs with seasoning rub and let stand for 30 minutes at room temperature. Preheat a gas grill to medium high and lightly oil grill rack to prevent sticking. Place ribs on grill, meat side down, and grill covered for 10 minutes, checking frequently and reducing heat slightly to control excessive flameups. A little bit of charring will give the ribs nice flavor but you dont want to blacken them completely. Turn ribs and grill covered until cooked through  about 10 minutes more. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 slabs baby back ribs, 3 lb. each, 12cup kosher salt, 12cup packed brown sugar, 2 tsp. whole black peppercorns, 12 tsp. hot red pepper flakes, 2 bay leaves, broken, 1 cup aromatic white wine such as Riesling, Chenin Blanc or GrunerVeltliner, 2 cups hot water, 5 cups ice water, 1 tsp. coriander seeds, 1 tsp. yellow mustard seeds, 2 tsp. whole black peppercorns, 1 Tbs. kosher salt, 1 12 tsp. garlic powder, 1 tsp. dried thyme, 1 tsp. dried oregano, 1 tsp. granulated sugar], title: FastTrack Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: null}, 12934: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nArrange the banana halves in a banana split dish or shallow bowl. Nestle scoops of sorbet and frozen yogurt between the halves. Top with the berries and serve.nHalve the banana and arrange them in a banana split dish or shallow bowl.nSpread creamy peanut butter on cut side of each half. Nestle scoops of each ice cream between the halves. Serve with a generous dollop of whipped cream, crumbled cookies, and honeyroasted peanuts., ingredients: [1 banana, halved lengthwise, 2 scoops favorite sorbet, 1 scoop favorite frozen yogurt, Fresh berries, for serving, 1 banana, halved lengthwise, 14 cup creamy peanut butter, 2 scoops favorite ice cream, 1 scoop second favorite ice cream, Whipped cream, for serving, Crumbled cookies, for serving, Chopped honeyroasted peanuts, for serving], title: Two Brothers Banana Splits, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 12935: {instructions: Heat the Chili Sans Beans in a small saucepot until it is simmering, about 5 minutes.nHeat up the tamales using a steamer basket set over a pot of simmering water, until they are warmed through, about 10 minutes. Or follow the package directions of the tamale you use.nIn a small bowl, combine the sport peppers and chopped onion.nFor the sandwich build: Place a sprinkling of the onions and sport peppers along the bottom of the buns. Remove the husks of the tamales. Place the tamales in the buns and top with the Manchego. Then ladle a small amount of chili on top of that Top with the remaining sport peppers and onions and sprinkle with the corn chips. Take a bite and instantly blog about how surprisingly amazing this combination of ingredients is.nIn a large Dutch oven, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the beef and chorizo and smoosh down. Start breaking up the chunks with a wooden spoon and let sear until the beef is no longer pink, about 5 minutes.nRemove the meat from the pot and leave the fat. Then add the onions, chili powder, cumin, paprika and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the onions are soft, 7 to 8 minutes. Deglaze with the beer. Cook until the alcohol smell subsides, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the hot sauce, tomatoes, stock and the reserved meat. Simmer until thickened, stirring frequently, about 20 minutes. Adjust seasoning., ingredients: [4 cups Chili Sans Beans, recipe follows, or your favoriteprepared chili, 4 Chicagostyle hot tamales or 4 prepared pork, chickenor beef tamales, usually found in the freezer section, 12 sport peppers, chopped, 14 white onion, chopped, 4 hot dog buns, 1 12 cups shredded Manchego, 2 small bags corn chips, such as Fritos, crushed, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 12 pounds ground sirloin, 1 pound Mexicanstyle chorizo,such as El Supremo brand, 1 onion, diced, 1 to 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 to 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and freshly groundblack pepper, 1 stout beer, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, One 14.5ounce can crushedtomatoes, 1 cup chicken stock], title: The MotherinLaw, picturelink: 0101yzuvl5Opod2gFJjqZs0gq1I22LO}, 12936: {instructions: To make the dressing: Combine the mayonnaise with the chutney and the curry powder in a small bowl. Mix well and set aside.nTo prepare the sandwiches: Season the chicken breasts with salt and pepper then put them in a large skillet. Add water to cover. Put a lid on the skillet and simmer the chicken until it is cooked through, about 20 minutes. Remove the chicken from the poaching liquid and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. When the chicken is chilled remove the skin and cut the meat from the bones. Dice the meat and place it in a large bowl. Add the walnuts, raisins, and celery and mix well. Moisten the salad with the curry dressing. Cut the croissants in half. Fill each with chicken salad and serve., ingredients: [2 cups mayonnaise, 12 cup commercial chutney, 3 tablespoons mild curry powder, 6 bonein chicken breasts, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 12 cup dark raisins, 34 cups finely chopped celery, 4 croissants], title: Curried Chicken Salad Sandwich, picturelink: 3ENo21eejvN1rr1N6lJfWKGNXyU1Uq}, 12937: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 5inch loaf pan, and line the bottom and sides with buttered parchment paper.nIn a large bowl, stir to combine the hot water and honey. Add the salt, sugar, baking soda, and baking powder stir to dissolve. Add the rum, fennel, nutmeg, cinnamon, and crystallized ginger stir to combine. Gradually add rye flour, and mix well gradually add allpurpose flour, and continue stirring. Add the orange zest, raisins, and almonds, stirring for about 25 strokes to fully combine.nTransfer batter to prepared pan, and bake for 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F, and continue to bake until deep brown and a skewer inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, about 80 minutes.nTransfer the pan to a wire rack to cool. Remove cake from pan, turn it on its side, and remove the parchment paper. When the cake is completely cool, wrap in aluminum foil, and allow to stand at room temperature for 1 to 2 days to allow the flavor to develop.nCut the cake into 12inch slices, and cut each slice in half. To serve, spread with unsalted butter, top with warm applesauce, and drizzle with honey., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for pan and serving, 1 cup hot water, 1 cup honey, plus more for serving, Pinch coarse salt, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 cup dark rum, 1 teaspoon ground fennel seed, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon chopped crystallized ginger, 2 cups rye flour, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest about 12 orange, 1 cup golden raisins, roughly chopped, 23 cup chopped almonds, Applesauce, for serving], title: Honey Cake, picturelink: null}, 12938: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line the bottom of an 8 inch round cake pan with parchment, butter and lightly dust the sides with flour.nBeat yolks, lemon rind and sugar until light and creamy looking. Blend in carrots, almonds and flour. Whip egg whites until glossy and stiff but not cottony looking. Fold them into the batter and transfer to the cake pan. Sprinkle with pine nuts and bake for 45 minutes.nCool on a cake rack and remove from pan. Dust with confectioners sugar before serving., ingredients: [Butter and flour for dusting, 4 egg yolks, Grated rind of a small lemon, 8 ounces sugar, 8 ounces grated peeled carrots, 8 ounces grated almonds, blanched or not as you wish, 2 tablespoons flour, 4 egg whites, 2 tablespoons pine nuts], title: Carrot Almond Torte, picturelink: null}, 12939: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line a large roasting pan with foil to cover well.nUsing a small sharp knife score the top of the bologna, cutting about 14inch deep, to create a diamond design.nPlace the bologna, cut side down, in the foil lined pan and spread a thin layer of mustard on the exposed areas. Using your hands, press the brown sugar onto the Dijon mustard to create a coating. Carefully turn the bologna over, so that the cut side is facing up, and spread the top and sides with the remaining Dijon mustard. Press the remaining brown sugar onto the mustard to coat the entire bologna well.nPlace the bologna in the top third of the oven. Bake for 5 hours, rotating the bologna slightly during cooking to keep the bottom from burning.nRemove the bologna from the pan and place it on a large platter. Slice the bologna 14 to 12inch thick and make sandwiches on fresh white bread with yellow mustard...just the way Emeril likes it, ingredients: [1 6 12pound allbeef bologna, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 1 12 cups golden brown sugar, 1 loaf sliced white bread, 1 jar yellow mustard], title: Emerils Favorite Brown SugarCrusted Baked Bologna, picturelink: KGan6PLDxNDAqaKjZ2.OgG2m4bfdzu}, 12940: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 3 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the cauliflower florets and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the cauliflower begins to brown and soften, about 12 minutes, stirring every few minutes.nWhile the cauliflower is cooking, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the garlic and saute until softened, 1 minute. Add the roasted red pepper and saute for another few minutes, until heated through. Transfer to a blender or minichopper and blend. Add the tofu and some salt and pepper and puree until smooth.nAdd the puree and the red pepper flakes to the cauliflower and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the breadcrumbs and sesame seeds and cook another minute. Transfer the cauliflower to a serving dish and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 12 large head or 1 small head cauliflower, cut into florets, Salt and fresh ground pepper, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 roasted red pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons soft tofu, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds], title: The Best Cauliflower Ever, picturelink: Ts030mAlQOKo6w6WzkE3qFFcbP61bQy}, 12941: {instructions: Prepare and chill the dough.nFilling: To make the filling, combine the milk and sugar in a nonreactive saucepan, preferably enameled iron. Strip the zest from the lemons with a sharp vegetable peeler, making sure you remove the yellow zest but none of the white pith beneath. If you do remove some of the white pith, scrape it off the strips of zest with the point of a paring knife and discard it. Add the zest to the milk and sugar and bring to a simmer over low heat. Remove from the heat and allow to steep for 5 minutes remove the strips of zest with a slotted spoon or skimmer and discard them.nSqueeze the lemons to make 12 cup strained juice. Place the juice in a mixing bowl and whisk in the cornstarch, then yolks.nReturn the milk and sugar mixture to a boil over low heat and whisk about a third of the boiling milk into the lemon juice mixture. Return the remaining milk and sugar mixture to a boil once more and whisk the lemon juice and yolk mixture back into it, whisking constantly until the filling comes to a boil and thickens. Allow to boil, whisking constantly, for about 30 seconds. Remove from the heat, whisk in the butter, and pour into a nonreactive bowl. Press plastic wrap against the surface of the filling and chill until it is approximately 75 degrees. If you prepare the filling in advance, let it come to room temperature before proceeding.nSet a rack at the middle level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees.nRoll out the dough to make a bottom crust and arrange in the pan and create a decorative edge. Chill the crust until firm, about 20 minutes.nTo bake the crust, pierce it all over with the tines of a fork at 12inch intervals. Line it with a disk of parchment or wax paper and fill with cherry stones or dried beans. Bake for about 20 minutes, until lightly colored. Remove the paper and beans and continue baking until the crust is a deep golden brown. Cool the crust on a rack.nSpread the cooled filling evenly in the cooled crust. Increase the oven temperature to 400 degrees.nTo make the meringue, bring a small pan of water to a boil. Lower the heat so that the water simmers. Combine the ingredients in the bowl of a mixer or, if you are using a hand whisk, in another heatproof bowl. Place the bowl over the pan of simmering water and whisk the egg white mixture gently for about 2 minutes, until the egg whites are hot about 140 degrees and the sugar has dissolved. Whip the meringue on medium speed until it has cooled and is able to hold a shape, but it should not look dry. Distribute spoonfuls of the meringue all over the top of the pie, then use the back of a spoon or a small offset metal spatula to spread the meringue evenly. It should cover the top of the pie and touch the edges of the crust all around. Here and there, bring up the surface of the meringue so that it is swirled. Place the pie on a cookie sheet and bake for 5 to 10 minutes, until the meringue is colored evenly.nCool on a rack., ingredients: [Your favorite Pie Dough for a onecrust pie, 2 cups milk, 23 cup sugar, 3 to 4 medium lemons, 14 cup cornstarch, 4 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 4 egg whites, 23 cup sugar, Pinch of salt], title: Lemon Cream Meringue Pie, picturelink: null}, 12942: {instructions: In large bowl combine KELLOGGS RICE KRISPIES cereal, butterscotch morsels, raisins, apricots and pecans. In medium saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and peanut butter. Stir until completely melted. Remove from heat. Stir in vanilla. Pour over cereal mixture. Stir until well coated.nEvenly press into 8 x 8 x 2inch dish coated with cooking spray. Refrigerate for 30 minutes. Cut into squares. Best if served the same day., ingredients: [2 cups Kelloggs R Rice Krispies R cereal, 1 cup butterscotch morsels, 12 cup golden raisins, 12 cup chopped dried apricots, 12 cup broken pecans, toasted, 3 tablespoons butter or unsalted butter, 2 cups miniature marshmallows or 20 regular marshmallows, 12 cup crunchy peanut butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Rice Krispies Nutty Butterscotch Squares, picturelink: null}, 12943: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil, toss in the farro and cook for 20 minutes, strain, and rinse with cold water, then set aside.nAdd the tomatoes to a bowl, add the mozzarella, rip the basil leaves with your hands, and add the olives.nSeason with a good quality extravirgin olive oil, salt, and pepper, to taste.nServe right away or cover and refrigerate for tomorrows picnic., ingredients: [1 pound farro, 10 ounces organic cherry tomatoes, sliced into quarters, 1 5ounce ball fresh mozzarella, chopped, 1 handful fresh basil leaves, torn, 2 ounces pitted kalamata olives, Extravirgin olive oil, for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Caprese Di Farro, picturelink: null}, 12944: {instructions: For the dressing: In a bowl, mix the mayonnaise, vinegar, mustard, salt and pepper, and reserve.nFor the coleslaw: In a large bowl, mix the cabbage, collard greens, carrots, onions and green onions.nPour half of the dressing over the slaw and mix by hand. Add more dressing to taste.nMix in the lemon juice and refrigerate for 2 hours before serving.nSeason with salt and pepper before serving., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons stone ground mustard, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups shredded white cabbage, 2 cups julienned collard greens, 1 cup julienned carrots, 14 cup thinly sliced white onions, 14 cup thinly sliced green onions, 2 lemons, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Collard Green Coleslaw, picturelink: null}, 12945: {instructions: Cut cheese sticks into thin strips. Stuff inside large pitted olives. Toss with olive oil, red wine vinegar and parsley., ingredients: [], title: Tuxedo Olives, picturelink: AxIWz.AoSvh02l.cZqnzWFzScEO6lSO}, 12946: {instructions: Boil syrup to 234 degrees. Cool quickly. Stir until syrup starts to lighten and thicken. Add nuts. Pour into a buttered 8inch by 8inch pan., ingredients: [3 cups fancy or medium amber Vermont maple syrup, 12 cup chopped walnuts], title: Maple Butternut Fudge, picturelink: null}, 12947: {instructions: In a large bowl, beat butter and confectioners sugar at medium speed with an electric mixer until creamy. Beat in egg yolks until combined.nIn a small bowl, combine flour, nutmeg and cardamom. Gradually add to butter mixture, beating until combined. Beat in ground pistachios. Cover and chill for 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper.nOn lightly floured surface, roll dough to 14inch thickness. Cut with a 2inch starshaped cookie cutter. Cut out centers of half the cookies with a 12inch starshaped cookie cutter. Place cookies 2 inches apart on baking sheets, and bake for 12 to 14 minutes, or until edges are lightly browned. Let cool on pan for 2 minutes. Remove to wire racks to cool completely.nSpread cherry jam evenly over flat sides of uncut cookies. Top with flat sides of cutout cookies. Return to baking sheets, and bake for 2 minutes. Let cool completely on wire racks. Store in airtight containers., ingredients: [34 cup butter, softened, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 3 egg yolks, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 12 cups ground roasted and salted pistachios, Cherry jam], title: Pistachio Linzertorte with Cherry Jam, picturelink: XJvT20dmX7hH8Ir1g82jwTmGKr95c6}, 12948: {instructions: Combine the agave, mirin, molasses, vinegar, soy sauce, brown sugar, cardamom, cinnamon, bay leaf, chile and star anise in a medium saucepan. Bring the mixture to a simmer and reduce to a glaze, 10 to 15 minutes. Strain, discarding the solids.nUse as a glaze for baked ham, or when cooking lamb, chicken or pork. Warm before using, so the glaze coats the meat evenly., ingredients: [12 cup agave nectar, 12 cup mirin, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup sherry vinegar, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 14 cup loosely packed brown sugar, 5 cardamom pods, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 bay leaf, 1 Thai chile, 1 star anise], title: Brown Sugar and Soy Glaze, picturelink: lWR5LEaYlt50ke07sZUqk73ZdlUT2u}, 12949: {instructions: Special equipment: grilltop smoker.nPreheat the grill. Soak the peanut shells in water for 45 minutes.nSeason the pork well with salt, pepper, and steak seasoning. Smoke the pork on the grill for 45 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTransfer the pork to a roasting pan, drain the peanuts and add them to the pan. Roast the pork in the oven until it reaches 135 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 20 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven to a cutting board.nPeanut Butter BBQ Sauce: Combine all the sauce ingredients in a large saucepot and bring it to a simmer over low heat. Let simmer for at least 1 hour. Taste and season with salt and pepper, if needed.nSlice the pork and arrange it on a serving platter. Spoon the warm BBQ sauce over the top and serve with the Carrot and Pickled Onion Salad.nPut the red onions in a shallow baking pan. In a saucepan, add the vinegar, sugar, and salt and bring to a boil over medium heat. Pour the hot liquid over the onions and cover immediately. Let sit covered for at least 1 hour. Strain the onions and reserve.nTo assemble the salad: In a mediumsized serving bowl, combine the carrots, parsley, peanuts, orange zest and juice, peanut oil and pickled onions and toss to combine well. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 cups peanut shells, from roasted peanuts, 2 pork loins, trimmed, about 12 pounds each, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Steak seasoning recommended: Montreal or other quality steak seasoning, Carrot pickled onion salad, recipe follows, 2 cups ketchup, 34 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup tomato paste, 34 cup peanut butter, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 4 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 4 tablespoons prepared barbecue sauce, 3 ounces bourbon, 1 small red onion, sliced thin, 2 cups apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 3 carrots, peeled and julienned, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped roasted peanuts, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Peanut Smoked Pork Loin with Peanut Butter BBQ Sauce and Carrot and Pickled Onion Salad, picturelink: 5IOyVa3ZWWtUcEGw1pt3d1bAHqb0Daa}, 12950: {instructions: Put the chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl. Bring a saucepan filled with 1 inch or so of water to a very slow simmer set the bowl over, but not touching, the water. Stir the chocolate occasionally until melted and smooth. Alternatively, put the chocolate in a medium microwavesafe bowl. Melt at 50 percent power in the microwave until soft, about 1 minute. Stir, and continue heat until completely melted, about 1 to 2 minutes more.nWhip the cream in a medium bowl until it holds soft peaks. Take care not to over whip the cream or the mousse will be dense. Cover and refrigerate while you cook the eggs.nWhisk the water and espresso powder together in a small bowl.nPut the eggs in another bowl that also sets over the water in the saucepan. Beat the egg yolks, pinch of salt, and sugar until foamy and light, about 30 seconds. Set the bowl over the water and whip with an electric mixer or whisk, moving in a circular motion around the bowl, until the eggs get very fluffy and hot to the touch, about 3 minutes. Remove the bowl from the heat and continue beating on high speed until the thick ribbons fall from the beater when lifted out of the bowl, about 5 minutes more. Fold in the espresso.nFold about a quarter of the eggs into the chocolate to lighten it, then fold in the rest of the egg. Finally fold the whipped cream into the chocolate base to make a smooth light mousse. Pour the mousse into 4 serving dishes or wine glasses. Cover and refrigerate until set, about 1 hour. Serve.nFor a dark, doublerich mousse, use all bittersweet chocolate instead of the semisweet, and decrease the cream to 34 cup.nCopyright 2007 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [6 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, or a mixture, finely chopped, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon warm water, 12 teaspoon instant espresso powder, optional, 1 large egg, 2 large egg yolks, Pinch fine salt, 13 cup sugar], title: Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: U2cJhxYhbfHKson2EVNBvMtvyWafSdu}, 12951: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Roll bread slices very thin with rolling pin and with a 2 14inch cookie cutter stamp out 2 rounds from each slice. Fit rounds into buttered 1 14inch gem tins, brush with butter and bake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until edges are golden. Remove from oven, let cool 5 minutes in tins and transfer to racks to cool completely., ingredients: [24 thin slices of homemadetype white bread, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted], title: Miniature Toast Cups, picturelink: null}, 12952: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPuree the strawberries and sugar, to taste, in a blender. Strain, if desired. Serve., ingredients: [2 pints strawberries, hulled and cleaned, Sugar, as needed], title: Strawberry Sauce, picturelink: 1LafnosFfSmZ.5F7B7IDNVT62LUKGC}, 12953: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F and preheat a cookie sheet in it.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat and cook until it foams. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds to 1 minute. Add the bread cubes and toss to coat with the butter. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the bread to a baking sheet. Immediately sprinkle with the cheese and toss again while warm to melt the cheese.nBake, stirring once or twice, until the croutons are crisp and lightly colored on the outside but still soft within, about 8 or 9 minutes. Let cool. Store in an airtight container.nMichaels Notes: I use a serrated knife to remove the crust from dayold bread, then switch to a chefs knife to cut the cubes because it doesnt tear the bread. Also note that I recommend grating the Parmesan finely so that it will stick to the bread better., ingredients: [2 pounds ripe heirloom tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced, 14 cup minced red onion, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 1 teaspoon sea salt, preferably gray salt, Several grinds black pepper, Panzanella Croutons, recipe follows, 2 cups trimmed arugula, Wedge Parmesan, for shaving, Drain the tomatoes in a sieve to remove excess liquid while you prepare the rest of the ingredients., In a bowl, combine the tomatoes, onion, garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, basil, tarragon, salt, and pepper. Add the croutons and toss well., Divide tomato mixture among 4 plates. Top each serving with an equal amount of the arugula. With a vegetable peeler, shave the Parmesan over the salad. Serve immediately., Michaels Notes: Ive used basil and tarragon here, but you can use any herbs you like. Parsley and marjoram come to mind as good alternatives., 14 cup unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 6 cups crustless cubed dayold bread 12inch cubes, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan], title: Heirloom Tomato Panzanella, picturelink: null}, 12954: {instructions: Blend the eggs and mayonnaise using enough mayonnaise just to bind the eggs in a small bowl. Line a wellbuttered 8 or 9inch pie pan with the egg mixture, pressing firmly over the bottom and up the sides to form the crust. Scatter the scallions over the crust, then spread with the caviar. Frost with the sour cream and refrigerate until ready to serve. Set the caviar pie on a cocktail table with crackers or freshly made melbas, which can be dipped or spread., ingredients: [6 to 8 eggs, hardcooked, finely minced, 2 to 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 12 cup finely minced scallions, 1 to 1 12 cups caviar, 1 to 1 12 cups sour cream], title: Caviar Pie, picturelink: null}, 12955: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the soy sauce, brown sugar, ginger, garlic, and vinegar. Set aside at room temperature.nGenerously brush the meat with some of the dressing and place on a baking sheet. Roast meat for about 30 minutes. Remove from oven and cool.nWhen the meat is cool, cut into 14inch strips. In a large bowl, combine the savoy and purple cabbage. Add the green onion and cilantro. Add the beef and enough dressing to thoroughly moisten. Add 1 12 tablespoon of the sesame seeds and toss again. Put on a plate. Top with remaining sesame seeds and the fried won tons., ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 12 cups brown sugar, 1 cup chopped ginger, 1 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 cups rice wine vinegar, 12 ounces strip steak, 6 cups shredded savoy cabbage, 1 cup shredded purple cabbage, 2 green onions, chopped, 1 cup chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons black sesame seeds, 1 cup deep fried won ton strips], title: Thai Beef Salad, picturelink: null}, 12956: {instructions: For the brine: Crush the spices with the bottom of a saucepan. Put spices in a saucepan and toast, swirling pan over medium heat for 3 minutes. Add water, 3 tablespoons salt, brown sugar, ginger, and garlic to the pan. Bring to a boil, remove from heat, and stir in the rum cool to room temperature. Remove silver skin from tenderloins and place in a bowl or shallow container. Pour the brine over the tenderloins. Cover and refrigerate 1 to 4 hours.nFor the chutney: Put the coriander, allspice, and cloves in a small skillet and toast, swirling pan, over mediumhigh heat until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Crush spices with a heavy pan or a mortar and pestle. Heat butter in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add ginger, garlic, and jalapeno and cook, stirring, until lightly browned and fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add toasted spices, vinegar, and sugar and stir util dissolved. Stir in pineapple and salt Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer until slightly thickened, about 20 minutes. Cool, then stir in scallions, mint, and lime juice.nPrepare an outdoor grill with a mediumhigh fire for direct and indirect grilling.nRemove the tenderloins from the brine and pat dry. Brush the grill grate lightly with vegetable oil. Season tenderloins with coarsely ground black pepper and salt to taste. Grill the tenderloins over direct heat util each side is golden brown, about 6 minutes per side. Move the meat over to the cool side of the grill, cover with a disposable aluminum pan, and cook until an instantread thermometer inserted in the center reads at least 145 F for medium, about 6 to 8 minutes more. Let rest 5 minutes before slicing. Slice the tenderloins into medallions and serve with the chutney., ingredients: [1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 8 whole allspice berries, 4 whole cloves, 1 cup cold water, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 14 cup chopped fresh ginger with peel, 4 cloves garlic, 1 cup dark rum, 3 pork tenderloins, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Pork Tenderloins with PineappleMint Chutney, picturelink: 5vlM3l3exxei4ySJH9WMrs1EPfn3BLu}, 12957: {instructions: Combine fruit in a bowl and douse with liqueur. Toss fruit with liqueur to combine. To serve, top dishes of fruit with scoops of sorbet., ingredients: [2 fresh ripe peaches, pitted and diced or 1 can whole peaches, drained and diced, 1 ripe Bartlett or Anjou pear, diced, 1 pint ripe strawberries, halved, 2 kiwis, peeled and sliced, 2 ounces orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, 1 pint orange or strawberry sorbet], title: Fruit Salad with Orange Liqueur and Sorbet, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 12958: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nCombine all the seasoning ingredients in a medium jar.nTrim all the fat from beef round. I grind the trimmings, but you can cut them up into bitesize pieces and arrange on the bottom of a roasting pan. Sprinkle the trimmings with some of the seasoning mix. Put the roast beef on top of the trimmings and coat the beef well with more of the seasoning mix. Drizzle olive oil on top of the roast and pat the oil over the seasonings. Put the pan into the preheated oven on the lowest rack and roast approximately 1 12 to 2 hours, uncovered, until the internal temperature registers 130 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove from oven to a cutting board and let rest about 20 to 30 minutes before carving. This roast can be used for sandwiches, thinly cut or thickly cut and served with beef gravy, if desired., ingredients: [14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup granulated garlic, 14 cup granulated onion, 12 cup dried basil, 12 cup kosher salt, 12 cup dried oregano, 5 to 7pound roast beef round, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Italian Roast Beef, picturelink: SaD.N6POH2quqQKWaMBOvrO5stANYDi}, 12959: {instructions: Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Once it foams, add the shallot and garlic, and saute until softened, about 3 minutes.nAdd the flour and cook while stirring until it becomes a light blonde color.nSlowly stir in the heavy cream, and the drained spinach, and simmer until it starts to thicken, about 5 minutes.nStir in the artichoke hearts, tomatoes, and cheese and cook until the cheese is melted. Remove to a serving bowl and serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed, drained and squeezed dry, 1 8ounce jar artichoke hearts, drained and chopped, 1 10ounce can diced tomatoes with green chiles recommended: Rotel, 1 cup shredded 4 cheese blend, Tortilla chips and cut vegetables, for serving], title: Ginas Spinach Dip, picturelink: GEuBING4uJR6lqiYK0KtiAdI8ER8d06}, 12960: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large plastic container with a lid add 8 cups water, 34 cup salt, 34 cup brown sugar, vinegar and 1 tablespoon of the BBQ seasoning. Stir until well mixed. Add the chicken to the brine and refrigerate at least 2 hours and no longer than 4 hoursnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove chicken from brine and pat dry. In a small bowl combine 1 teaspoon of salt, 1 tablespoon of brown sugar and 2 tablespoons dry BBQ seasoning. Rub the outside of the chicken with spice mix and transfer to a roasting pan. Add 2 tablespoons of water to the bottom of the pan and put in the oven. Roast for 45 minutes or until the internal temperature at the thickest part of the meat reaches 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove the chicken from the oven to a cutting board. Allow the chicken to rest for 5 minutes, loosely covered with foil, before carving and arranging on a serving platter. Enjoy, ingredients: [8 cups water, plus 2 tablespoons, 34 cup kosher salt, plus 1 teaspoon, 34 cup light brown sugar, plus 1 tablespoon, 34 cup white vinegar, 1 tablespoon dry BBQ seasoning, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 large bonein, skinon chicken breast halves], title: Dry Rubbed BBQ Chicken, picturelink: crmI35FwcWkvSTRJbs9q4foGSqVbxva}, 12961: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nRoll out pie dough and mold into an 11inch pie dish, crimping the edges to make ridges. Pierce the dough with a fork several times. Bake in the hot oven until slightly browned, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Turn the oven down to 325 degrees F.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the butter, onions, asparagus, cayenne and garlic. Sprinkle with a pinch salt and a pinch pepper. Cook for 5 to 6 minutes until the asparagus is soft and mixture is fragrant. Remove from the pan to a bowl and let cool.nIn a large bowl, add the chives, Dijon mustard, eggs, heavy cream, nutmeg, a large pinch salt and a large pinch black pepper. Whisk together until well combined.nAdd the asparagus mixture to the pie shell, then pour in the egg mixture. Top with the Cheddar and bake until the eggs are set, about 35 minutes. Remove from the oven, cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [1 11inch storebought pie dough, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 bunch asparagus, chopped into 12inch pieces, Pinch cayenne, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup chopped chives, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 4 eggs, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 1 12 cups shredded white Cheddar], title: Asparagus and Cheddar Quiche, picturelink: E8Hdb0hhoWqFBBIjmoRdYaVDfXwOqWe}, 12962: {instructions: Melt the butter and squeeze in lemon juice and add crushed garlic, cilantro and green onions and mix well. Place salmon fillet on a piece of aluminum foil that is large enough to completely wrap and seal the fillet. After placing the salmon on the foil, brush or pour the butter mixture on the salmon. Seal the salmon in foil. Place on the barbecue grill and cook for 10 to 12 minutes per side. Any longer will dry out the salmon. Cut in portions and serve immediately.nFish can also be cooked in a preheated 350degree F oven for 35 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound butter, 1 to 2 lemons, juiced, 4 to 5 garlic cloves, crushed, 1 bunch cilantro, stems removed and chopped, 3 green onions, thinly sliced, 1 4 to 5 pound salmon fillet], title: Salmon in Herb Butter, picturelink: null}, 12963: {instructions: Juice all gazpacho ingredients through a juicer.nFor the mayonnaise: Blend the egg yolks and olive oil in a blender. Season with lemon juice, salt and cayenne pepper. Combine the gazpacho with the mayonnaise.nFor the terrine: Roast beets in the oven at 400 degrees wrapped in aluminum foil with salt, pepper and cumin seed for approximately one hour until cooked. Peel beets. Slice into 12inch thick slices and layer in a one liter terrine. In between beet layers, add beef consomme that has been mixed with shallots, chives, salt and pepper. Cover with plastic and place in refrigerator for at least 4 hours.nFor the assembly: Pour the gazpacho into a bowl and place a 1inch thick slice of the terrine on top of the soup., ingredients: [2 red peppers, 2 yellow bell peppers, 1 European cucumber, 2 Roma tomatoes, 12 shallot, 1 clove garlic, 12 red beet, 2 egg yolks, 1 12 cups olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 10 medium beets, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 cup beef consomme dissolved with 4 leaves gelatin, 1 tablespoon shallots, 1 tablespoon chives], title: Seegers Gazpacho with Beet Terrine, picturelink: null}, 12964: {instructions: Line the bottom and sides of a 9by5inch loaf pan with parchment paper brush the parchment with vegetable oil. Bring the maple syrup to a boil in a large saucepan over medium heat, then reduce the heat to medium low. Dip the back of a spoon in vegetable oil and run it over the top of the foam to help it subside. Increase the heat to medium and continue cooking until a candy thermometer registers 246 degrees F, 25 to 30 minutes. Pour the syrup into a heatproof bowl and let cool, 5 minutes.nBeat the syrup with a mixer on mediumlow speed until it starts to lighten in color and turn opaque, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Pour into the prepared pan and spread with an offset spatula let cool completely, about 1 hour. Lift out of the pan and cut into pieces.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for the pan and spoon, 2 cups pure maple syrup], title: Maple Candy, picturelink: BY6QwlSESWdwsBnNmzI2EVZS.pmqdWq}, 12965: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a 4quart saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 6 minutes. Add the tomato paste and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring to coat the onions, about 1 minute. Add the canned tomatoes, penne, vodka, 1 teaspoon salt and 3 12 cups water and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Continue to cook, stirring frequently, until the pasta is al dente and the sauce has reduced by about half and thickened, about 12 minutes. Remove from the heat. Stir in the heavy cream, half the Parmesan and 12 teaspoon salt. Divide the penne among 4 bowls and garnish with the remaining Parmesan and torn basil leaves., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Pinch red pepper flakes, One 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 12 ounces penne see Cooks Note, 12 cup vodka, Kosher salt, 13 cup heavy cream, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Handful basil leaves, torn], title: OnePot Penne alla Vodka, picturelink: 2MoaJW1BRrm7vllOB6g.LtYrCxGk0q}, 12966: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large Dutch with a lid oven over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the meat generously on all sides with salt and pepper and, working in batches if necessary, add to the pan. Sear the meat until it is well browned on all sides, about 8 minutes. Use tongs to help rotate the pieces of meat and remove them to a plate as they are seared. Set meat aside.nAdd the onions and peppers to the same Dutch oven and cook until the vegetables start to become tender and golden, about 5 minutes. Add the grated tomatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, the onions and peppers have softened completely and most of the moisture has evaporated, another 5 minutes. Stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil, the garlic, paprika and 2 teaspoons salt and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute more.nReturn the seared meat to the pot along with the root vegetables and sliced salami stir well. Add the chicken broth and increase the heat to high to bring the stew to a boil. Reduce to a simmer, cover and cook until the meat and vegetables are tender, 35 to 45 minutes. Stir in the cauliflower and redwine vinegar, and continue cooking until the meat is tender enough to pull apart with a fork and the cauliflower is cooked, about 15 to 20 minutes more.nSeason with salt and pepper, if necessary. Serve with toasted rustic bread brushed with olive oil and a sprinkle of chopped parsley., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds pork shoulder or beef chuck cut in 1inch cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 onion, halved and cut into 14inch slices, 1 large red or yellow bell pepper, cored, seeded and sliced into 14inch pieces, 4 medium tomatoes, such as plum or vineripened style, grated on the large holes of a box grater, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 ounces dry, spicy salami, pepperoni or Spanishstyle chorizo cut into thin rounds or strips, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 3 cups mixed sweet root vegetables, such as carrots, golden beets, parsnips or sweet potatoes, left unpeeled, cut into in 12inch chunks, 1 cup cauliflower florets, 1 teaspoon redwine vinegar, Toasted crusty bread, such as country loaf, for serving, Extravirgin olive oil, for serving, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, for serving], title: Grandmas Stone Soup Stew, picturelink: 9mlDdjaiGdwR3rETZZuykVImIF5mlsq}, 12967: {instructions: Place gelatin sheets in ice water and allow to bloom, about 3 to 5 minutes. In a saucepot over medium heat, add cream, sugar, vanilla bean and seeds, lavender and vanilla extract and bring to a boil, whisking regularly. Whisk in gelatin to dissolve and season with vanilla salt. Strain through a chinois and pour into desired mold. Refrigerate for at least 45 minutes. Unmold and serve cold. Serve with Peaches and Wine and Florentine cookies.nPlace all ingredients except peaches into a large saucepan. Bring to a boil. Turn down to a simmer. Reduce by 23 or until mixture becomes a syrup, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Transfer into another container. Let cool. Add in sliced peaches.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMix all ingredients together in an electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment. Form into small balls and bake on a silpatfitted baking sheet for 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from oven. Let cool to warm. Remove from silpat and form into desired shape., ingredients: [4 gelatin sheets, 1 cup ice water, 4 cups heavy cream, 4 ounces sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 3 tablespoons toasted dry lavender, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch vanilla salt, Peaches and Wine, recipe follows, 4 Almond Maple Bacon Florentines, recipe follows, 2 cups red wine, 1 cup port wine, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cinnamon stick, 6 star anise, 3 ripe Georgia peaches, peeled and sliced, 2 ounces allpurpose flour, 2 ounces granulated sugar, 2 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 ounces maple syrup, 2 ounces blanched sliced almonds, 2 ounces crispy rendered bacon, finely crumbled], title: Lavander Panna Cotta with Peaches and Wine AlmondMapleBacon Florentine, picturelink: null}, 12968: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large bowl and toss to combine.nCombine all ingredients in a large bowl and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 cup shredded green cabbage, 1 cup shredded red cabbage, 13 cup light mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons hamburger relish, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 cup shredded green cabbage, 1 cup shredded red cabbage, 13 cup light mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons hamburger relish, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Quick Thousand Island Slaw, picturelink: efOxtiZZD1aGGXBuVHuwvV9Lsjzvy}, 12969: {instructions: If necessary, remove the thin membrane from the back of each rack of ribs discard the membrane. Combine the paprika, brown sugar, kosher salt, cayenne pepper, garlic salt and black pepper in a small bowl. Rub the meat with the oil and then rub liberally with the spice blend. Leave at room temperature for 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, set the grill for indirect cooking at 250 degrees F, with wood chips for flavor if using. I use bourbon barrel staves. Cherry and hickory would be good, but stay away from mesquite. Wrap the soaked chips in a double layer of heavyduty aluminum foil. Place the foilwrapped chips on the coals.nAdd the spareribs, meatside up. Close the lid and cook, flipping occasionally, until the meat is smoky and just tender, about 2 12 hours. Brush the spareribs with the Sweet Heat Barbecue Sauce and continue cooking until the sauce is nicely caramelized and the meat is completely tender, about an additional 30 minutes. Serve with Sweet Heat Barbecue Sauce on the side.nIn a saucepan, heat the oil over medium heat add the onions and simmer until soft and melted, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the ketchup, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, black pepper, brown sugar, cayenne pepper and lemon juice. Bring to a boil, decrease the heat to low and simmer until the flavors have smoothed and mellowed, at least 10 and up to 30 minutes. Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper.nStore in an airtight container in the refrigerator. It will last for months., ingredients: [2 racks spareribs, on the bone 6 to 7 pounds, 14 cup paprika, 14 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons coarse kosher salt, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon garlic salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 4 cups wood chips such as cherry or hickory, soaked in water for at least 1 hour, optional, Sweet Heat Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 sweet onion, very finely chopped, 2 12 cups ketchup, 2 cups apple cider vinegar or distilled white vinegar, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, or to taste, 2 tablespoons firmly packed brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, Juice of 2 lemons, Coarse kosher salt], title: Sweet Heat Barbecue Ribs, picturelink: fcPeNFeaFyqQnJvxZZXcsGuMX9PF4O}, 12970: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a medium bowl, combine pork, onion, garlic, chili sauce, and cheese. Mix together and set aside.nDivide the pizza dough into 4 pieces. Roll each piece into a round about 4 to 5 inches in diameter on a lightly floured surface. Divide filling mixture among the dough rounds. Brush perimeter of dough with egg wash and fold in half. Fold the edges up to seal and transfer to prepared baking sheet. Cut a small vent in each pocket and brush with egg wash. Bake in preheated oven for about 15 minutes or until golden brown.nPreheat grill or grill pan over medium heat.nCut the dough in half and save 1 half for the round 2 recipes. On a lightly floured work surface roll the remaining half out into a rectangular shape about 14inch thick.nPlace the dough onto an oiled grilled grate. Brush the top with half of the reserved marinade. Grill for 4 minutes. Flip the bread and top with remaining marinade and grill for another 3 minutes.nRemove bread from the grill to a cutting board, cut into pieces and serve warm.nIn a large pot over mediumhigh heat, add 1 cup of water, apple juice, pepper, salt, sugar and red pepper flakes. Bring to a simmer making sure to stir occasionally to dissolve the salt and sugar. Remove from heat and add to a large bowl with 2 cups of ice.nOnce the brined has cooled add pork chops. Brine for at least 4 hours or up to 24 hours in the refrigerator.nRemove pork from brine, rinse with cold water and pat dry with paper towels.nHeat grill or grill pan over medium heat. Sprinkle 1 side of the pork chops with 12 the grill seasoning. Place chops on hot oiled grill, seasoned side down. Sprinkle the topside with remaining grill seasoning. Grill chops for 4 to 5 minutes per side. Let rest for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 grilled pork chop leftover from Grilled Apple Brined Pork Chops, chopped, recipe follows, 12 small onion, chopped, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 cup chili sauce, 12 cups shredded Cheddar, 12 pound refrigerator pizza dough leftover from Grilled Flat Bread, at room temperature, recipe follows, 1 egg, lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon water, 1 pound refrigerator pizza dough, room temperature, 2 tablespoons reserved marinade from Garlic, Lemon, and Herb Rubbed Legs, 2 cups apple juice, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 14 cup salt, 14 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 5 rib end pork chops, about 1 12 pounds, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning], title: Round 2 Recipe  Cowboy Pockets, picturelink: null}, 12971: {instructions: In a large bowl, dissolve the JellO in the boiling water, stirring for a minute. Add the tomatoes, onion, tomato puree, and tomato juice and mix until the aspic is well combined. Pour the mixture into a lightly greased 1quart mold or 8inch square glass dish. Refrigerate, lightly covered, overnight. To remove from the mold, briefly dip it into a bowl of hot water and unmold onto a chilled plate.nTo make the sauce, in a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, mayonnaise, and pineapple juice. Add the crushed pineapple and stir lightly with a fork. Cover with plastic wrap and serve at room temperature with the aspic.nBriefly means about 10 seconds. If the aspic doesnt come out of the mold the first time, dip it again for 5 seconds. Have patience., ingredients: [One 3ounce package lemon JellO, 1 cup boiling water, 34 cup stewed tomatoes or canned plum tomatoes, broken up, 12 small onion, grated or finely minced to yield 1 tablespoon pulp, 14 cup tomato puree, 14 cup tomato juice, Oil for greasing the mold, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon pineapple juice, 12 cup crushed pineapple canned is best, drained], title: Tomato Aspic with Pineapple Sauce, picturelink: null}, 12972: {instructions: Heat a medium skillet over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, and the chorizo. Cook sausage 2 minutes, flip cook another minute then add potatoes and onions to the pan in an even layer over the sausage. Season the potatoes and onions with salt, pepper and paprika then turn sections of the potatoes using a spatula so that the chorizo is on top and potatoes and onions are on the bottom. Place a smaller skillet on top and press down. Weight the skillet with a few heavy cans. Cook 10 to 12 minutes. Remove weight and turn again to combine all ingredients. Cook another 3 to 4 minutes then add parsley, remove from heat and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 34 pound, 1 package, chorizo, very thinly sliced on an angle, pull away any loose casings, 6 small Yukon gold potatoes, very thinly sliced, 1 medium onion, very thinly sliced, Salt and pepper, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, a generous 1 or 2 handfuls], title: Potatoes with Chorizo and Onions, picturelink: null}, 12973: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nRub the lamb leg all over with olive oil, and then the pepper and basil. Let the lamb sit at room temperature for at least 20 minutes.nSeason the lamb all over with salt, set fatside up on a rack in a shallow roasting pan, and roast for 30 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F. and continue to cook for about 1 hour. While the lamb is roasting, peel the onions, cut the ends off, and slice in half into 2 thick rings. Place into a baking pan, drizzle with olive oil, season with salt and freshly ground pepper, and roast alongside the lamb for the last 30 minutes or until they are soft and caramelized. The lamb is done when a thermometer placed in the thickest part of the leg reads 120 to 125 degrees F. Transfer lamb to a cutting board and let rest 10 to 20 minutes.nSpoon off the fat from the roasting pan. Set the pan over 2 burners, add the red wine and balsamic and reduce by half, stirring and scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Add the beef broth and reduce until sauce reaches desired consistency. Whisk in the sour cherries and butter. Season with salt and pepper and serve with slices of lamb and red onions., ingredients: [1 6pound leg of lamb, fat trimmed, boned out, rolled and tied by your butcher, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more as needed, 12 cup freshly ground black pepper, plus more as needed, 1 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt, 4 medium red onions, 12 cup red wine, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 cup beef stock, 1 cup dried sour cherries, reconstituted in hot water then drained, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Roasted Leg of Lamb with Red Onions and Sour Cherries, picturelink: 4k0PeZw7J8pCUudGN.annlSEZR1yIQq}, 12974: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRinse the fish and pat dry season it inside and out with salt and pepper. In a mixing bowl, combine the lemon, shallot, parsley, 2 tablespoons thyme, bay leaves, red pepper flakes, and 14cup olive oil. Place the fish on an oiled baking sheet and stuff the cavity with the lemon mixture.nIn a clean mixing bowl, whip the egg whites until they form soft peaks. Fold in the salt to make a paste then fold in the remaining thyme leaves. Smear the salt paste over the entire fish and roast for 35 to 45 minutes. The egg whites will form a hard crust. Gently crack the shell with a spoon and lift off the salt crust. Serve., ingredients: [1 3 to 4 pound whole yellow tail snapper, scaled and cleaned, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 lemons, sliced thin, 2 shallots, sliced thin, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 3 tablespoons thyme leaves, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for oiling baking sheet, 4 egg whites, room temperature, 1 cup kosher salt], title: Yellow Tail Snapper Baked in a Salt Crust, picturelink: null}, 12975: {instructions: Melt 1 tablespoon butter with the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and caramelized, about 20 minutes. For a shortcut, use onion marmalade in place of the caramelized onions.nLay out 4 slices of bread. Top with half the cheese, then half the ham. Layer the caramelized onions, apple slices and the remaining ham and cheese on top, then the remaining bread slices.nWipe out the skillet melt 1 tablespoon butter over mediumlow heat. Add 2 sandwiches and cook, pressing gently with a spatula, until the bottom is golden and the cheese begins to melt, about 4 minutes.nFlip and cook until golden, about 4 more minutes. Repeat with the remaining butter and sandwiches.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 onions, thinly sliced, 8 thin slices white bread, 10 ounces taleggio cheese, rind removed, sliced, 8 ounces thinly sliced ham, 1 green apple, thinly sliced], title: HamTaleggio Grilled Cheese, picturelink: dUw8O2wBIuf6Vai7T8aoBmrXirJCUy}, 12976: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the melted butter, egg white, and the bagel chips. Press them into the bottom of a 10inch spring form pan. Bake for 8 minutes to crisp up. Remove from oven and cool. Reduce the heat to 250 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl fitted with a paddle attachment, blend the cream cheese, cornstarch, salt, and sour cream. Once combined, add the eggs. Fold in trout and chives. Pour the batter over the cooled crust. Bake for 1 hour. Turn the oven off and leave the cake in the oven for an additional hour without opening the door. Cool on a rack for at least 4 hours. Carefully unmold. Keep refrigerated until ready to serve., ingredients: [24 ounces cream cheese, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces sour cream, 2 large eggs, 6 ounces smoked trout, diced, 13 cup chopped chives, 3 ounces melted butter, 1 egg white, 1 12 cups crushed bagel chips], title: Savory Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 12977: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCut 4 walls of puff pastry by cutting approximately 1inch wide strips along each side of a sheet of puff pastry. Set walls aside. Poke the remaining floor of puff pastry with a fork to provide an escape for steam.nLightly apply the egg wash just inside the cut edges of the floor. Stack wall pieces on top of floor piece placing the cut edge of the walls on the outside edge. Dab ends of walls with egg wash and fold long pieces over to form a square.nCut a 7 by 7inch square out of the second sheet of puff pastry. Fold it in half and cut vents for steam along the fold.nShake bread or cake crumbs on drained cherries and let sit for 10 minutes. Spoon cherry mixture onto pastry floor, using more than you may think necessary to compensate for the pastry puffing. Apply egg wash on walls avoiding the very edge.nLay vented top piece on top. Brush with egg wash.nBake in oven for 30 minutes. Reduce temperature to 350 degrees F and bake for another 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 sheets puff pastry, thawed, 1 egg beaten with 2 tablespoons water, 1 can pie cherries, drained, 12 cup bread or cake crumbs], title: Stacked Puff Pastry with Cherries, picturelink: hFG2vxFSCL5XtM5SxABNKb5OQF5CqXm}, 12978: {instructions: Tear the lettuce leaves into bitesize pieces and transfer them to a large salad bowl. Add the cucumber, tomatoes, and onion. Sprinkle with the oil, vinegar, salt, and pepper, and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 head romaine lettuce, 1 cucumber, peeled and sliced, 2 to 3 plum tomatoes, cored and cut into small wedges, 1 small red onion, sliced thin, Olive oil and red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper], title: Mixed Green Salad, picturelink: null}, 12979: {instructions: Toss 1 pound halved fingerling potatoes with 1 sliced fennel bulb, 1 sliced white onion, 6 sliced garlic cloves, 8 sage leaves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, and salt and pepper on a baking sheet. Roast at 425 degrees F until golden and crisp, 35 to 40 minutes, tossing halfway through. Season with salt and drizzle with olive oil.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Fennel Potatoes, picturelink: AaLmAMgN4wuL7sCqjoVxyhF7gdmyr56}, 12980: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nArrange the bread slices on a baking sheet, drizzle with extravirgin olive oil, sprinkle with a little salt and pepper. Transfer to the oven and bake for 5 to 8 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from the oven and while still hot, rub the seasoned side of the toasts with the crushed clove of garlic. Reserve the toasts while you make the Caprese with Olives.nIn a bowl combine the diced mozzarella, tomatoes with the chopped basil and olives. Drizzle with a generous amount of extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange a mound of the Caprese with Olives on top of each garlic toast.nCooks Note: make easy work of dicing the cheese by placing the mozzarella in the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes before dicing the firmer the cheese, the easier it is to dice.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [12 slices crusty baguette, cut on a long angle, ExtraVirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and pepper, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 34 ball fresh mozzarella cut in to 14inch dice, see Cooks Note, 3 plum tomatoes, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, 10 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 10 kalamata olives, pitted and finely chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and pepper], title: Caprese with Olives on Garlic Toast, picturelink: null}, 12981: {instructions: In a large blender combine all ingredients and mix well. Pour into a pitcher and place in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Serve chilled., ingredients: [3 egg yolks, 15 ounces cream of coconut, 15 ounces evaporated milk, 8 ounces condensed milk, 12 pint vanilla ice cream, 2 cups white rum recommended: Bacardi, 12 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Coquito, picturelink: PLnHWiJXPo4XIEd0bcKYfhpw27HYSW}, 12982: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter two 9inchround cake pans and line the bottoms with parchment paper butter the parchment. Whisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt in a bowl.nBeat the granulated sugar, 12 tablespoons butter and the vegetable oil in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, about 4 minutes. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Beat in the food coloring, vinegar and vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with the buttermilk, beginning and ending with the flour, until just combined.nDivide the batter between the prepared pans. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes on racks, then turn the cakes out onto the racks to cool completely. Using a long serrated knife, carefully slice each cake in half horizontally to make 2 even layers.nMake the frosting: Beat the cream cheese and butter in a stand mixer with the paddle attachment on mediumhigh speed until fluffy. Add the confectioners sugar, lemon juice, vanilla and salt beat until smooth.nPut 1 cake layer on a platter spread 1 14 cups frosting on top. Repeat to make 4 layers, ending with the cake. Cover the top and sides with a thin layer of frosting this is the crumb coat it doesnt have to be perfect. Chill 15 minutes, then cover with the remaining frosting.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, plus more for the pans, 3 cups cake flour sift before measuring, 3 tablespoons unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 13 cup vegetable oil, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon red food coloring, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup buttermilk, 4 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 pounds about 8 cups confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon salt], title: Red Velvet Layer Cake, picturelink: W1OHdekXHyw0UxtGVPnZMZORbEveq.}, 12983: {instructions: For Pastry: Sift sugar and flour into bowl and cut in chilled butter. Blend in cold water until it forms a ball and set aside to rest.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Roll out rested pastry to 18inch thick, 3 inches wider than diameter of pie shell. Fit dough inside pie shell and trim edges. Place circle of waxed paper over base of pastry, cover with dried beans and bake for 40 minutes. Remove paper and beans and bake 5 more minutes. Remove from oven and cool.nScald milk with vanilla bean. Meanwhile, in large bowl, combine egg yolks and 12 of the sugar and beat well. Slowly stir in flour. Gradually add hot milk and rinse out milk pan. Return contents of bowl to clean pan and cook on medium heat about 3 minutes. Add coconut milk.nRemove pan from heat and sieve mixture into another clean pan. Cook on low heat, adding coconut meat and lime juice. Cook another 3 minutes and let cool. Pour coconut mixture into prebaked pastry shell.nBeat egg whites with salt and a drop of water until stiff. Whip remaining sugar into egg whites and put this meringue mixture on top of filling. Sprinkle with dried coconut and bake for 15 minutes. Chill before serving., ingredients: [4 ounces sugar, 8 ounces flour, 4 ounces butter, salted, cubed, chilled, 4 ounces cold water, 8 ounces dried beans, 30 ounces milk, 1 vanilla pod, 6 eggs, separated, 6 ounces sugar, 3 ounces flour, 1 coconut, cut in 12 to yield 4 ounces coconut milk and 4 ounces coconut flesh, grated, 3 limes, juiced, Pinch salt, 1ounce dried coconut], title: Coconut and Lime Pie, picturelink: null}, 12984: {instructions: In a large bowl, toss together cabbage, carrots, green onions, peanuts, mint, basil and tofu. To make dressing, combine ingredients in a small bowl. Pour over slaw mixture and toss well. Serve immediately or refrigerate up to 1 hour., ingredients: [1 small head green cabbage, shredded, 2 cups shredded carrots, 6 green onions, chopped, 12 cup chopped salted peanuts, 12 cup chopped mint, 12 cup chopped basil, 1 cup finely diced tofu, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 small hot chile such as serrano or bird chile, minced], title: Asian Slaw, picturelink: null}, 12985: {instructions: Slice the grapes in half and arrange in a single layer on a sheet tray in the freezer. Let freeze completely, about 2 hours.nDivide the grapes into 4 pint glasses half filled with ice. Fill each glass, halfway with grape juice and top with lemonlime soda.nAdd vodka, if desired., ingredients: [12 pound red seedless grapes, 2 cups grape juice, 2 cups lemonlime soda, 4 ounces vodka, optional], title: Grape Crush, picturelink: null}, 12986: {instructions: Rub the duck legs all over with the split garlic cloves and put them in a glass bowl with the salt, pepper, bay leaves, and thyme. Cover with a tea towel and refrigerate overnight or up to 48 hours, turning once.nHeat the oven to 200 degrees F. Rinse the duck and pat dry with a towel. Set the legs in a baking dish and tuck in the garlic cloves. Pour over enough fat to cover them, place over heat and when you see the first bubble, set it on a rimmed baking sheet in the oven and bake uncovered until the meat is very tender and shrinks away from the bone, about 4 hours. Cool slightly in the fat, then carefully lift them out.nWhile the confit cooks, soak 2 wooden skewers in a saucepan and boil 5 minutes to sterilize. Lay in the bottom of two sterilized glass loaf pans breaking the sticks if needed. Lay on the duck legs and ladle over the fat, leaving any juices behind. Make sure they are well covered. Cover with foil or plastic wrap, and refrigerate a week to mellow.nTo cook, remove the pans from the fridge and set in simmering water about 20 minutes, so you can pull the legs out without breaking. Heat the oven to 350 degrees F and lay the legs skinside down with a little fat around them in a cast iron pan. Bake until hot, about 15 minutes. Remove and turn oven to broil. Turn legs skinside up and broil to crispen skin, about 3 minutes., ingredients: [4 duck legs about 3 pounds1.35 g, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and split in half, 1 ounce30 g coarse salt, 4 peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 5 cups1 kg not a litre, weigh it duck fat, melted, more if needed to cover the legs completely], title: Confit De Canard, picturelink: null}, 12987: {instructions: Place a baking sheet on the bottom rack of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F.nCombine the kale and beans in a medium bowl and mash until the beans almost form a paste. Add the cheese, peanuts, 2 tablespoons of the cornmeal, 12 teaspoon salt, some pepper and the egg white. Form into four patties about 12inch thick. Refrigerate for at least 20 minutes. Can be made ahead and refrigerated overnight.nToss the sweet potatoes with 1 tablespoon of the oil and the curry powder. Arrange in a single layer on the preheated baking sheet and bake until soft and golden in some spots, tossing about halfway through, 18 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 12 tablespoons oil in a large ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium heat. Put the remaining 3 tablespoons cornmeal onto a plate. Dredge both sides of the burgers in the cornmeal. Cook until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the burgers reach an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 5 minutes.nSpread each burger with 12 tablespoon of the mayonnaise. Build the burgers on the English muffins with lettuce, tomatoes and onions if desired. Divide among four dinner plates along with the sweet potatoes. Divide the yogurt and peaches among four small bowls and serve on the side., ingredients: [1 cup frozen kale, thawed and squeezed dry, One 15ounce can nosaltadded pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 13 cup finely diced pepper Jack cheese, 14 cup dry roasted unsalted peanuts, finely chopped, 5 tablespoons stoneground cornmeal, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg white, 2 large sweet potatoes, cut into 12inchthick wedges about 1 14 pounds, 2 12 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 12 teaspoons curry powder, 2 tablespoons lowfat mayonnaise, 4 whole wheat English muffins, split and toasted, Lettuce leaves, for serving, optional, Tomato slices, for serving, optional, Sliced red onions, for serving, optional, 1 cup lowfat yogurt, for serving, 2 ripe peaches, pitted and cut into wedges, for serving], title: BeanKale Burgers with Sweet Potato Wedges, picturelink: 47OU6SQLbZQ6aDOiFQ81oJonoFUJvGq}, 12988: {instructions: Heat a grill for indirect cooking. Soak corn in water for 5 minutes. This will prevent husks from burning, and will allow for slow roasting of grilled corn. Place corn near indirect medium heat of grill. Place cover on grill and cook for about 5 minutes. Remove cover and rotate corn. Cook for another 5 minutes or until cooked to your liking. If you want to caramelize the corn kernels, peel back the corn husk and place husk back on grill and cook until corn kernels are a golden brown color.nIn a mixing bowl, mix the butter, mustard, thyme, salt, and blue cheese. Gently blend with a wooden spoon until all is incorporated. Taste for seasoning and add salt if desired. With a rubber spatula, form the butter into 2 9inch logs along the bottom edge of 2 pieces of aluminum foil. The logs should be about 1 12 inches in diameter. Roll the logs up in the foil and carefully twist the ends of the foil so that the butter forms a 1 12inch diameter tube. These can be kept in the freezer. If serving the same day, keep in the refrigerator at least 4 hours so the butter can harden for ease of serving. From the logs cut a 12inch slice per portion of corn, steak, hamburger, etc. Remove the foil then place on hot corn, steaks, and chops from the oven or grill. Yield: enough for 20 portions, ingredients: [20 ears fresh corn, silks removed but husks intact, Point Reyes Original Blue Cheese Compound Butter, recipe follows, 34pound unsalted butter at room temperature, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, finely minced, Pinch gray sea salt, 12 pound Point Reyes Original or other good quality Blue Cheese, crumbled], title: Slow Roasted Corn with Blue Cheese Compound Butter, picturelink: null}, 12989: {instructions: Place 2 scoops ice cream into each of 2 tall glasses. Add enough sarsaparilla or root beer to fill each glass. Top with whipped cream. Serves each with a long icedtea spoon and straw., ingredients: [12 pint goodquality vanilla ice cream, 24 ounces sarsaparilla or root beer, Whipped cream, for garnish], title: Sarsaparilla Float, picturelink: null}, 12990: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the milk, yogurt, vanilla, banana, papaya and ice cubes in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into a large glass., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 14 cup Greek yogurt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 small ripe banana, peeled and sliced, 12 large, ripe papaya, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 cup ice cubes], title: PapayaBanana Smoothie, picturelink: I0n2xq7qkGfB2W7tXqp7s3ilhMn2eQu}, 12991: {instructions: Put the brown sugar, halfandhalf, butter, vanilla seeds and salt in a medium saucepan over mediumlow to medium heat. Cook, whisking gently, until the mixture thickens, 5 to 7 minutes.nServe warm or refrigerate until cold. If the sauce is too thin, just continue cooking for a few more minutes., ingredients: [1 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup halfandhalf or heavy cream cream will make it thicker, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, Caviar seeds scraped from 1 vanilla pod, Pinch of salt], title: Vanilla Bean Caramel Sauce, picturelink: I5sXzpAzysGHvByFJlhqp8cavsTNx5C}, 12992: {instructions: Heat the oil in a 12inch skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Add the curry paste, lime leaves, and chile and saute, stirring occasionally, until fragrant. Add the chicken and saute, stirring occasionally, until just cooked through. Add coconut milk, broth, brown sugar, fish sauce, and lime juice to skillet and simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the cilantro and scallion and simmer for about 1 minute more. Divide among 4 bowls and serve immediately with rice.nServing Suggestions: Rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons Thai green curry paste, 2 fresh kaffir lime leaves optional, 1 4inch long fresh hot red chile, such as arbol, thinly sliced crosswise, 1 34 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast, thinly sliced on the diagonal, 1 14ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, 14 cup chicken broth or water, 2 tablespoons Asian fish sauce, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, or more to taste, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 3 scallions, white and green parts thinly sliced separately, Serving Suggestions: Rice], title: Thai Green Chicken Curry, picturelink: null}, 12993: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss together the carrots, shallots, orange peel, rosemary and 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and the olives. Season with 14 teaspoon salt and a pinch of black pepper. Scatter the vegetables in a single layer on a baking sheet or roasting pan.n2. Toss together the remaining olive oil, salt, pepper and paprika with the chicken pieces. Place the chicken between the vegetables on the baking sheet and roast until the chicken is just cooked through but still juicy, and the carrots are fork tender, 40 minutes. Serve with a large green salad, and farro or spelt, or a slice of rustic wholegrain bread., ingredients: [2 12 pounds carrots, peeled and bias, cut into 2inch pieces, 3 small bulbs shallots, peeled, 2 large strips orange peel, 3 small sprigs rosemary, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 13 cup Kalamata olives, pitted optional, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 bonein pieces organic chicken split breasts or thighs, 34 teaspoon sweet or smoked paprika], title: Roast Chicken Dinner with Carrots and Shallots, picturelink: null}, 12994: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Sliced Almond Mini, picturelink: KZmERFhrO5bFnOGUUNGFfJgNsCTvc6e}, 12995: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPulse the carrot and parsley leaves, cashews and garlic in a food processor until coarsely ground. With the processor on, slowly drizzle in the oil, and process until blended well. Add the Parmesan and some salt, and pulse until combined., ingredients: [1 cup carrot leaves from about 1 bunch of carrots, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup roasted cashews, 1 clove garlic, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt], title: CarrotTop Pesto, picturelink: TJedmKVW2WmSFT01rodKRh74CMlxJYm}, 12996: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUsing a paring knife, make an incision in the side of each chicken breast, passing the knife though horizontally to make a slit but not cutting through the other side of the breast. With the paring knife inserted, rotate the knife to carve out a bit more space and create a pocket. Season the outside and inside of the chicken with salt and pepper.nLightly beat the egg white in a bowl to break it up, then add the goat cheese, parsley, tarragon, shallots, mustard and lemon zest and mix until incorporated. Transfer the mixture to a resealable plastic bag or piping bag. Snip off a corner of the plastic bag and pipe the mixture into each chicken breast until filled.nHeat the oil in a large ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat until hot and glistening. Add the chicken breasts skinside down and cook until the skin turns a dark golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the butter, garlic and thyme, then flip and transfer the pan to the oven cook the chicken until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F, about 10 minutes. Allow the chicken to rest for 5 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [4 skinon boneless chicken breasts, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg white, 8 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon finely minced shallots, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Zest of 2 lemons, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 sprigs fresh thyme], title: Goat Cheese and Herb Stuffed Chicken Breasts, picturelink: ukD730KJR7njVza9p8h9q633q1kDGsO}, 12997: {instructions: Combine olive oil, mustard and vinegar season with salt and pepper. Set tomatoes in a shallow pan, pour dressing over top and garish with chopped herbs and sliced black olives, ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 12 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 medium vineripened tomatoes, thinly sliced, Chopped chives, parsley and basil, Sliced pitted black olives], title: Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 12998: {instructions: Preheat nonstick or wellseasoned cast iron grill pan over medium high heat. Drizzle halibut pieces with oil, then season with Old Bay, salt and pepper. Grill on a hot pan 4 or 5 minutes on each side. Place melted butter in a small dish and add juice of 12 lemon. Combine all ingredients for the tartar sauce in a small bowl. Lightly toast buns on grill pan after fish is removed. To assemble, brush bun bottoms and fish with lemon butter. Top fish with tomato and lettuce and slather the bun tops with tartar sauce, then serve. Serve with Asparagus salad and fancy chips.nHeat shallot and oil in microwave safe covered dish for 30 seconds or in a small pan on the stovetop over medium low heat for 5 minutes. Allow oil to cool back to room temperature. Hold a spear of asparagus at each end and snap it. The spear breaks where the tender tops meet the tough bottoms. Line the broken spear up with the bundle of cleaned asparagus. Cut the spears using the guideline of the snapped spear. Par boil the asparagus tops in 1 inch simmering water covered for 3 to 5 minutes. Cool under cold running water and drain. Cut asparagus into 1inch pieces on an angle and add to a bowl. Combine chopped, cooked asparagus with shredded endive, red bell pepper, cooked pasta, green peas and chopped parsley. The peas will defrost as you toss salad. Pour vinegar into a small bowl and whisk in cooled shallot oil. Pour dressing over salad and toss. Season salad with salt and pepper, to your taste and toss again. Yield: 4 servings Preparation time: 10 minutes Cooking time: 20 minutes, overlapping, including pasta Ease of preparation: easy, ingredients: [1 14 to 1 12 pounds fresh halibut, cut into 4 servings, 4 to 6 ounces each, 1inch thick, Vegetable or olive oil, for drizzling, 2 teaspoons Old Bay seasoning, found near seafood counter in most markets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 cup mayonnaise or reduced fat mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sweet pickle relish, 1 dill or halfsour pickle, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped onion, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped dill, 10 blades fresh chives, chopped or 2 thin scallions thinly sliced, 12 lemon, juiced, Few drops cayenne pepper sauce, 4 crusty rolls, split, 1 large ripe tomato, sliced, 4 leaves green leaf or Boston lettuce, Asparagus Salad, recipe follows, 1 bag gourmet chips, preferred brand Terra chips in Yukon Gold Onion and Garlic flavor, 1 small shallot or 12 large shallot, finely chopped, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 1 pound asparagus, thin spears, 2 endive, cored and thinly sliced, 12 small red bell pepper, chopped, 12 pound bow tie pasta, farfalle, cooked to al dente and cooled, 12 cup frozen green peas, 14 cup chopped fla leaf parsley, a couple of handfuls, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Halibut Fish Sandwiches with Tartar Sauce, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 12999: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the grill to mediumhigh. Once hot, lay the corn across the grill. Rotate corn every 3 minutes until all sides are evenly golden and slightly charred, about 15 minutes.nPut the corn on a platter. While corn is still hot brush the corn with cilantro pesto and then sprinkle with the Cotija cheese. Serve.nIn a food processor add the cilantro, canola oil, pumpkin seeds, Cotija cheese, and garlic. Puree until smooth but not liquid. Taste for seasoning. Cooks Note: Usually you do not need salt because of the salt in the roasted pumpkin seeds and the cheese. Set aside.nYield: 34 cupnPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nAdd the pumpkin seeds, canola oil, chili powder and salt, to taste, in a small bowl. Mix well to combine.nSpread the pumpkin seeds out evenly on a cookie sheet or baking pan. Bake, stirring the seeds every few minutes until golden brown, about 10 minutes.nSet aside until cool.nYield: 12 cup, ingredients: [4 ears corn on the cob, husks removed, 12 cup Cilantro Pesto, recipe follows, 14 cup grated Cotija cheese feta or Parmesan may be substituted, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves washed and drained, 34 cup canola oil, 14 cup Roasted Green Pumpkin seeds, recipe follows, 12 cup grated Cotija cheese can substitute feta or Parmesan, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, optional, 12 cup green pumpkin seeds, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 teaspoons chili powder, Salt], title: Grilled Corn on the Cob with Cilantro Pesto, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 13000: {instructions: Heat a grill, grill pan, or broiler.nCombine all ingredients except steak in a large bowl. Season steak with salt and pepper and then add to marinade. Marinate for 40 minutes. Thread steak onto skewers and then grill or broil, turning occasionally, until cooked to desired degree of doneness. Transfer to a serving plate and sprinkle with green onions and cayenne pepper, if desired.nCooks Note: If using wooden skewers, soak them in water for at least 10 minutes before threading meat., ingredients: [1 medium onion, finely chopped, 14 cup ouzo, 12 cup herb and garlic marinade dressing, 1 12 teaspoons dried garlic, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup chopped fresh mint, Pinch cayenne pepper, plus pinch more for garnish, 1pound top sirloin steak, cut into 1inch cubes, Salt and pepper, Thinly sliced green onions, for garnish], title: Steak Skewers with Marinade, picturelink: null}, 13001: {instructions: For the sauce: Saute peppercorns, onions, garlic, and chile in olive oil over medium heat for a few minutes. Add vinegar and Worcestershire and reduce by 12. Add molasses, tomato paste and beef stock. Simmer for 30 to 45 minutes to reduce by 13. Let cool and store until needed.nSeason each chop with salt and pepper and grill or broil, until desired doneness. Meanwhile, heat the butter in a saute pan until it starts to brown. Turn down heat to a simmer and add spatzle and spinach. Cook for a few minutes until the spatzle is warm. Serve with green peppercorn sauce., ingredients: [3 tablespoons green peppercorns, 12 cup small diced onion, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon red chile flakes, 1 ounce olive oil, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup molasses, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 quarts dark beef stock, 4 20 ounce double cut pork chops, Salt and pepper, 2 ounces butter, 2 cups prepared frozen spatzle, 1 cup spinach chiffonade], title: da Pork Chop, picturelink: null}, 13002: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: One Bowl Cocoa Brownies, picturelink: FL0O8f2kYJsGDKAor.HhNwis8XyNbHW}, 13003: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a 5quart saucepan and cover with water. Add a large pinch of kosher salt, about 12 teaspoon. Bring to boil over high heat, then simmer until potatoes are tender to the tip of a knife. Drain and potatoes and place into a bowl. Add the buttermilk and cream cheese and mash until smooth. Fold in the chives and the horseradish., ingredients: [2 12 pounds baking potatoes washed and diced, skin on, Kosher salt, 12 cup buttermilk, 23 cup light cream cheese, 2 tablespoons chives, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained], title: Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 13004: {instructions: Mix 3 cups ice water, the granulated sugar and 1 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Add the shrimp and set aside 15 minutes, then drain well and pat dry. Dry the bowl return the shrimp to the bowl and toss with 12 teaspoon Cajun seasoning.nWhisk the flour, cornstarch, confectioners sugar, the remaining 1 12 teaspoons Cajun seasoning and the beer in a large bowl to make a smooth batter. Add the shrimp, pepperoncini and roasted peppers and stir until evenly coated.nHeat 2 inches of vegetable oil in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Working in batches, remove the shrimp, pepperoncini and roasted peppers from the batter with a slotted spoon, transfer to the hot oil and fry until golden, about 3 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels season with salt. Serve with lemon wedges, cocktail sauce andor tartar sauce.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [1 teaspoon granulated sugar, Kosher salt, 1 pound small shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon confectioners sugar, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons lager beer, 8 jarred pepperoncini, drained and halved lengthwise, 2 jarred roasted red peppers, drained and cut into bitesize pieces, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, Lemon wedges, cocktail sauce andor tartar sauce, for serving], title: AlmostFamous Popcorn Shrimp, picturelink: Z4MMHCTEjcUchBCXRDGrBkX2yRoj2V.}, 13005: {instructions: In a large deep skillet, heat oil, about 12inch high, over mediumhigh heat.nSeason fish fillets with salt and pepper. Set aside.nIn a deep shallow bowl or pie tin, place flour and season with salt and pepper. Stir with a fork. Set aside.nBeat the eggs in a separate shallow bowl or pie tin. Set aside.nCombine the bread crumbs, paprika, garlic powder, salt and pepper in another deep shallow bowl or pie tin. Stir with a fork. Set aside.nDust each fillet with flour, then dip in the eggs, and then roll in the bread crumbs. Deepfry fillets in heated oil for about 3 to 4 minutes on each side, or until golden brown. Serve one fillet on top of a bed of Edamame Succotash.nIn a large skillet, heat the sesame oil over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the bacon and saute for 2 minutes. Add remaining vegetables and saute for another 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and serve hot., ingredients: [Canola or vegetable oil, for frying, 4 catfish fillets, approximately 6 ounces each, Salt and white pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Edamame Succotash, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 12 cup red onion, small dice, 1 teaspoon fresh garlic, minced, 2 strips applewood smoked bacon, finely chopped, 1 cup cooked edamame soy beans, 12 cup fresh corn kernels, 14 cup small diced red bell pepper, Salt and pepper], title: Mini Challenge: Crispy Catfish with Edamame Succotash, picturelink: null}, 13006: {instructions: For the pork chops: Mix together the juice, salt and 1 gallon cold water. Submerge the pork chops and let brine in the refrigerator overnight.nIn a large saute pan over high heat, warm the oil. Then sprinkle the chops with the salt and pepper. Add the chops to the warmed oil, and then reduce the heat to medium. Sear the chops until browned, 4 to 5 minutes on the first side, and then flip and repeat the process on the second side. After cooking on the second side, remove the pork from the pan and drain out excess oil from the pan.nTo prepare the apple bacon salad: Return the pan to mediumhigh heat. Then add the oil, apples, bacon, onions and salt to the pan. Cook for 6 to 7 minutes, stirring throughout. Add the balsamic and sugar, and then reduce the vinegar for 2 minutes. After reducing, remove the pan from the stove and stir in the butter until smooth. Add the celery leaves.nServe the chops with a choice of sides and finish with the apple bacon salad., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, Four 8 to 10 ounce pork chops, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground pepper, 1 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 cup apple 12inch diced, 14 cup cooked bacon medium dice, 14 cup red onion julienne, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup white balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup celery leaves], title: Pork Chops with Apple Bacon Salad, picturelink: tLQCGYgtyISqoSH35GUMD4UZNnqofW6}, 13007: {instructions: Special equipment: 24 8inch long pieces string or ribbonnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 sheet pans with silicone baking pads.nSlice dough log at 14inch intervals and place onto prepared baking sheets spaced 1 inch apart.nPress a 1inch round cutter into the center of each cookie round. Remove the small circle of dough and replace it with a round hard candy.nBake in the oven 8 to 10 minutes.nRemove from oven. While still warm, make a hole at the top of each cookie with a large straw. Place baking sheet on the cooling rack and cool completely.nWhen the cookies have completely cooled, use the decorative icing and evenly space 6 icing dots around the edges of each cookie. Lightly push the silver dragees into the icing dots. Allow icing to harden.nPlace the 8inch piece of ribbon through the hole at the top and tie the ends together.nRepeat with remaining cookies.nYou can eat your cookies or hang them as ornaments on a Christmas tree or in a window., ingredients: [1 16ounce tube sugar cookie dough, 1 bag assorted round hard candies recommended: Lifesavers, 1 small tube of white decorating icing, 1 package silver and gold dragees], title: Stained Glass Wreath Cookies, picturelink: null}, 13008: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLay out the pita chips in an even layer on a baking sheet and top with the chicken. Bake until the chips are golden brown, about 10 minutes. Top with the tomatoes, red onion, green peppers, olives and feta. Serve warm., ingredients: [5 cups pita chips, 2 grilled chicken breasts, cut into 12inch chunks, 3 tomatoes, chopped, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 green peppers, thinly sliced, 12 cup drained kalamata olives, 8 ounces feta cheese, crumbled], title: Greek Nachos, picturelink: null}, 13009: {instructions: In a large saucepan, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil over medium high heat, reserving the other 2 tablespoons. Sear each side of the halibut, leaving each side undisturbed for the first 2 minutes or so to allow the surface of the fish to begin to caramelize and to avoid tearing. Cook until done, about 6 to 8 more minutes, then remove to a utility platter. To the same pan add the shrimp and cook until just pink and remove to a bowl. To the same pan add the scallops and cook until opaque and remove to the bowl with the shrimp. Add the mussels to the pan along with 12 cup water. Cook until the mussels open. Remove them and the pan juices to a bowl until they are cool enough to handle. Discard any mussels that do not open.nIn the same saucepan, heat the other 2 tablespoons of olive oil and butter. Add the celery and onions, sauteing until translucent. Whisk in the flour gradually to make a roux. Add clam juice and fish stock and mix well to integrate flavors. Reduce heat to low and bring to a simmer. Add carrots and parsley and let cook until fork tender.nWhile the soup is cooking, cut the halibut fillets into 12 inch chunks. Then, remove the mussels from their shells and discard shells, but reserving all the liquids in the bowl.nWhen carrots are softened, remove soup from heat and gently fold in halibut, shrimp, scallops, mussels and liquid in the bowl. Season with salt, pepper and crab boil seasoning, to taste., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 pound halibut fillet, seasoned with salt and pepper, 1 pound 3 to 40 shrimp, deveined and shell and tails removed, 1 pound bay scallops, 6 dozen fresh mussels, well scrubbed, 12 cup water, 1 34 cups butter 3 12 sticks, 2 cups medium diced celery 5 to 6 stalks, 2 cups medium diced onions 2 to 3 large onions, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 quart clam juice, 1 pint fish stock, 6 large carrots, peeled and diced medium, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, 3 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons pepper, 2 tablespoons crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay], title: Safe Passage Seafood Chowder, picturelink: cUJ3W3fqhYp9.NlgCqPwmNU0M06ermC}, 13010: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the thyme sprigs on a foillined baking sheet. Line the bacon strips over the top then sprinkle with brown sugar. Transfer to the middle rack of the oven and bake until crisp, 18 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool, then crumble or chop the bacon along with sticky thyme and set aside. In a blender, add the chives, garlic, buttermilk, mayonnaise, lemon juice, lemon zest and hot sauce. Blitz until smooth. Taste, then season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the lettuce on serving platter, drizzle with buttermilk dressing, and sprinkle with crumbled bacon before serving., ingredients: [6 sprigs fresh thyme, 6 strips bacon, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 8 chives, roughly chopped, 1 clove garlic, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, plus 1 lemon, zested, 3 teaspoons hot sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 head iceberg lettuce, cut into 8 wedges], title: Crisp Salad with Spicy Ranch Dressing, picturelink: dNxmKpgIy79WYDw9NbITujJYufmdWu}, 13011: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a food processornPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nToss shrimp evenly in oil and seasoning and bake on a sheet tray for 10 to 12 minutes, flipping halfway through. Serve with Spicy Remoulade sauce as dip.nPlace all ingredients into a food processor and blend until smooth. Chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 pound large shellon deveined shrimp, 1 12 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, Remoulade Sauce, recipe follows, 1 14 cups mayonnaise, 14 cup stoneground mustard, 1 clove garlic clove, smashed, 1 tablespoon pickle juice, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon hot paprika, 12 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot], title: No Fuss Peel nEat Shrimp, picturelink: 5I8Vcb37M5FSVu32uoq7BQaP.nU2MD6}, 13012: {instructions: For the raspberry vinaigrette:nAdd the vinegar to a blender, replace the lid, turn it on, and through the feed opening, add, 1 at a time, the shallot, black pepper, salt, mustard, and thyme. Then leaving the blender running, add the olive oil in a slow thin stream.nWash and dry the blender to have it ready to prepare the other dressing.nFor the creamy Italian dressing:nAdd the vinegar to a blender, replace the lid, turn it on, and through the feed opening, add, 1 at a time, the garlic, black pepper, salt, red pepper, and Parmesan. Then leaving the blender running, add the olive oil in a slow thin stream.nFor the salad, toss the lettuce, red onion, sweet onion, tomatoes, Parmesan, and parsley together in a large bowl. Top with croutons, and serve the dressings on the side., ingredients: [3 tablespoons raspberry vinegar, 1 shallot, quartered, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 garlic clove, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade, and quartered, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 pinch crushed red pepper, 2 tablespoons Parmesan, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cups romaine lettuce soaked in salt water to remove grit, stiff spines removed, torn into bite sized pieces and dried with a salad spinner from 2 or 3 heads romaine lettuce, 1 red onion, thinly sliced on a mandolin, 1 Vidalia onion, thinly sliced on a mandoline, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 small loaf French bread, sliced, toasted and cut into croutons], title: Romaine Salad with Choice of Raspberry Vinaigrette or Creamy Italian Dressing, picturelink: null}, 13013: {instructions: Special equipment: star shaped cookie cutters in descending sizesnPreheat the griddle to medium heat.nBuild the sandwiches with 1 slice of white cheese on 4 pieces of bread and 1 slice of yellow cheese on the other 4 slices of bread. Close the sandwiches and butter both sides. Place on the griddle cover with a metal bowl and let the sandwiches get a nice golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip, cover again and cook until the cheese is melted and the sandwiches are golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes.nFrom Food Network Kitchens after further testing and to ensure the best results this recipe has been altered from what was in the actual episode., ingredients: [4 slices white American cheese, 8 slices country white bread, 4 slices yellow American cheese, Salted butter, softened], title: Classic American Grilled Cheese, picturelink: QWIBTDLWbn9wDhZq2RXVbe.ErRj16}, 13014: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Place the butter in a small bowl and stir in the garlic, shallots, parsley, lemon juice and salt. Cut the shrimp in half lengthwise, leaving them attached at the tail. Spread the shrimp open and arrange them in a shallow, oval casserole. Top the shrimp with generous dabs of the butter mixture and pour fumet or water into the dish. Broil the shrimp until they are cooked through, about 4 minutes. Arrange the shrimp in a line across 4 plates, so that the tail of each shrimp fits inside the shrimp in front of it. Whisk the liquid in the casserole dish and pour it over the shrimp. Serve immediately.nRemove the gills and eyes from the fish or have your fish store do it. Cut the heads and bones across into 4inch pieces. Put them in a shallow pan and cover with cold water. Let stand for 1 hour, changing the water twice. Drain. Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onion, fennel, leek, peppercorns, salt, parsley and bay leaf. Turn the heat to mediumlow and cook until the vegetables are softened but not browned, about 4 minutes. Add the fish bones and cook, stirring from time to time, until the bones and any flesh around the bones turn from translucent to white, about 12 minutes. Add the wine and water and bring to a boil. Boil for 10 minutes, skimming off the foam as it rises to the top. Remove from the heat and let rest for 10 minutes. Strain the fumet through a finemesh sieve, pressing firmly on the solids to extract as much of the flavorful liquid as possible. If you have more than 3 cups of fumet, place the liquid in a clean saucepan and boil until reduced to 3 cups. Store, tightly covered, in the refrigerator for up to 3 days or in the freezer for up to 2 months., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley, 12 lemon, juiced, Fine sea salt, to taste, 24 uncooked large shrimp, shell and tail on, 12 cup Fish Fumet, recipe follows, or water, 2 pounds heads and bones from black bass, red snapper or halibut, Cold water, 2 tablespoons corn oil, 1 medium onion, peeled and very thinly sliced, 14 small fennel bulb, very thinly sliced, 1 leek, very thinly sliced, 15 white peppercorns, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 sprig fresh Italian parsley, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 cups water], title: Broiled Shrimp with Garlic Butter, picturelink: null}, 13015: {instructions: Thinly slice 10 ounces snow peas lengthwise. Toss with 2 thinly sliced celery ribs add the leaves, too and some toasted walnuts. Dress with olive oil and lemon juice, and season with salt and pepper. Gently stir in a thinly sliced avocado and minced chives.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Snow Pea and Avocado Slaw, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 13016: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk the butter, olive oil, oregano and garlic salt. Toss with the bread cubes. Spread in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake until golden brown and toasted, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, 2 cups 12inch cubes crusty Italian bread], title: Croutons, picturelink: null}, 13017: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the beer, tomato juice, tequila, lemon juice, hot sauce, horseradish, Worcestershire, celery salt and dry mustard. Shake for 10 seconds, then pour into two tumbler glasses. Garnish each with a celery stick and a pepperoni stick. Serve., ingredients: [8 ounces amber beer, 4 ounces tomato juice, 2 ounces anejo tequila, 12 ounce fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, optional, 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, 6 dashes Worcestershire sauce, Pinch celery salt, Pinch dry mustard, 1 stalk celery, halved lengthwise, for garnish, 2 pepperoni sticks, for garnish], title: Bloody Beer, picturelink: null}, 13018: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large 12inch saute pan over medium heat. Add the fennel and saute for 5 minutes, until tender but not browned. Turn the heat to mediumlow, add the garlic and red pepper flakes, and cook at a very low sizzle for 2 to 3 minutes, until the garlic just begins to color.nPat the shrimp dry with paper towels, add them to the pan, and toss together with the fennel and olive oil. Spread the shrimp in one layer and cook over medium heat for 2 minutes on one side. Turn the shrimp and cook for 2 minutes on the other side, until theyu00bfre pink and just cooked through.nOff the heat, sprinkle with the parsley, 1 tablespoon of chopped fennel fronds, the Pernod if using, the fleur de sel, and black pepper and serve it with bread to soak up all the pan juices., ingredients: [6 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 cup chopped fennel bulb, fronds reserved, 3 tablespoons minced garlic 9 cloves, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 pound 16 to 20count shrimp, peeled with tails on, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon Pernod optional, 1 teaspoon fleur de sel, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, French bread for serving], title: Fennel  Garlic Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 13019: {instructions: Toast bread cubes for 10 to 15 minutes in a 325 degree F oven until golden. Transfer to bowl.nSaute 1 pound meat, crumbled or cubed in skillet over medium heat until brown, about 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer meat to bread bowl.nIn same skillet, melt the butter. Add onions, and celery to skillet. Saute until soft, about 10 minutes. Combine softened vegetables, herbs, spices, dried fruits, nuts, and remaining vegetables with breadmeat mixture.nAdd just enough stock to moisten bread mixture. Pack the neck and cavity loosely with stuffing, folding the neck skin under and fastening with a skewer. Or lightly pack stuffing into large, shallow, stoneware baking dish. For a stuffed bird: Roast turkey at 325 degrees F for 15 minutes per pound, or until turkey temperature reaches 180 degrees and juices run clear when thigh is pierced.nFor loose stuffing: Drizzle with stock, cover and bake at 325 degree F for 20 to 30 minutes. Uncover and brown an additional 10 minutes., ingredients: [6 cups old fashioned white bread, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, 2 onions, chopped, 4 ribs, chopped, 1 pound crab meat, 2 tablespoons crab boil seasonings, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce, 1 cup chopped fresh herbs such as thyme, parsley, chives or chervil, 12 cup green pepper, chopped, 12 cup red pepper, chopped], title: MidAtlantic Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 13020: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over low heat, combine pumpkin, brown sugar and spices. Cook for 5 to 6 minutes, or until mixture reduces by half and pumpkin looks dry. Set aside. In a medium saucepan over high heat, add cream. When cream boils, take off heat. In a heatproof medium bowl, add chocolate and hot cream. Let the mixture sit for a minute, then slowly begin to stir, starting in the center of the bowl and working outwards. Once the chocolate and cream are evenly mixed, add pumpkin mixture and whisk to combine. Add the butter and liqueur, if using. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled.nOn a parchment lined cookie sheet, scoop mixture into small balls using a melon baller. Place in refrigerator for 1 hour, or until chilled. Remove truffles from refrigerator and dip each in melted chocolate. Roll in cocoa powder and serve., ingredients: [1 cup pumpkin puree, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground gloves, 2 cups cream, 1 pound dark chocolate, finely chopped, 1 ounce butter, room temperature, 14 cup orangeflavored liqueur, optional recommended: Grand Marnier, 6 ounces melted dark chocolate, 3 ounces cocoa powder], title: Pumpkin Truffles, picturelink: 40djh.Wf7dfi5GPrvPU0LEvYoheHI42}, 13021: {instructions: Place a closed 9 by 3inch springform pan on a baking sheet. Set the top half of the chocolate brownie inside the pan top side up. Ladle 1 12 cups of ganache into the pan over the chocolate brownie. Trim the cocoa meringue with a serrated knife so that it will fit tightly into the pan. Place the trimmed cocoa meringue, top side up, inside the pan on top of the ganache, pressing down gently on the cocoa meringue to eliminate air pockets.nSpoon the mocha mousse on top of the cocoa meringue spreading evenly. Place the remaining chocolate brownie half, bottom side up, on top of the mocha mousse. Chill the cake in freezer for 30 minutes or refrigerate for 1 hour.nRemove from the freezer and cut around the edges to release from the springform pan. Pour the remaining ganache over the cake and use a cake spatula to spread the ganache evenly over the and sides of the cake. Refrigerate the cake for 10 to 15 minutes to set the ganache.nFill a pastry bag with a star tip with the chocolate mousse. Pipe a circle of stars each touching the other along the outside edge of the top of the cake. Continue to pipe out circle of stars until the top of the cake is covered. Refrigerate the Death By Chocolate for at least 4 hours and preferably 12 hours before cutting and serving.nHeat the butter in a 2 12 quart saucepan over medium heat. When melted, add the sugar, heavy cream, sifted cocoa, 2 tablespoons dark rum, and salt. Stir with a whisk to combine. Bring to a boil, then adjust heat and allow to simmer for 5 minutes, occasionally stirring. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Add the instant coffee and vanilla extract and remaining tablespoon of rum, stir until smooth. Allow to cool to room temperature before serving.nTo serve, cut the Death By Chocolate into the desired number of servings. Heat the blade of a serrated slicer under hot running water before slicing into the cake. Repeat this procedure after making each slice. Flood the base of each 10inch dinner plate with 3 to 4 tablespoons mocha rum sauce and place a piece of Death By Chocolate in the center of each plate. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 ounces unsalted butter, 1 13 cups sugar, 1 13 cups heavy cream, 8 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa, sifted, 3 tablespoons dark rum, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 teaspoons instant coffee, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Death By Chocolate: Assemble Death By Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 13022: {instructions: PREHEAT oven to 225 degrees F.nPLACE cherry tomatoes on a baking sheet. Dry tomatoes in the oven for 2 hours.nBRING a large pot of water to a boil. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.nCOOK pasta according to package directions.nMeanwhile, ADD squash and sear until brown, about 34 minutes. Add garlic and saute for an additional 2 minutes.nADD asparagus to the skillet. Saute for 2 minutes.nREMOVE garlic from the skillet. Add ovendried tomatoes and season with salt and pepper.nDRAIN pasta and add to the skillet. Mix well.nTOP with cheese before serving.nNote: Instead of oven drying tomatoes, for faster preparation time, tomatoes may be sauted for 12 minutes in skillet prior to removing garlic., ingredients: [1 box Barilla Whole Grain Penne, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved and seeded, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 small butternut squash, largely diced, 2 garlic cloves, pressed, 1 bunch asparagus, sliced on a 12 inch diagonal, salt, to taste, black pepper, to taste, 12 cup Romano cheese, grated], title: Barilla Whole Grain Penne with Asparagus, Butternut Squash and OvenDried Tomatoes, picturelink: stZ7zzRqZgZ0KGpxq.1isBhJEESppC}, 13023: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 24 mini muffin cups with CRISCOu00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, or grease with shortening. Cut cookie dough into 24 slices. Press 1 slice in bottom and up side of each mini muffin cup, forming 14inch rim above top of cup sprinkle fingers with flour if necessary. Bake 10 to 15 minutes or until edges are deep golden brown. Cool in pans on cooling racks 5 minutes. With tip of handle of wooden spoon, press dough down in center of each cup to make room for 2 tablespoons filling.nMeanwhile, in 2quart saucepan, melt white chips and 34 cup of the peanut butter over low heat, stirring constantly. Divide mixture evenly into cookie cups about 1 tablespoon each. Refrigerate 10 minutes.nIn same 2quart saucepan, melt semisweet baking chips and remaining 34 cup peanut butter over low heat, stirring constantly. Divide chocolate mixture evenly on top of peanut butter mixture in each cup about 1 tablespoon each. Sprinkle crushed granola bars over top of each. Refrigerate until set, about 1 hour. Remove from muffin cups before serving., ingredients: [1 roll 16.5 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated peanut butter cookies, 1 cup Hersheysu00ae premier white baking chips 6 oz, 1 12 cups JIFu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 1 cup Hersheysu00ae semisweet baking chips 6 oz, 4 Nature Valleyu00ae oats n honey crunchy granola bars 2 pouches from 8.9oz box, crushed 34 cup], title: ChocoPeanut Butter Cups, picturelink: null}, 13024: {instructions: Chop the scallions, keeping the whites and greens separate.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat until hot. Stir in the scallion whites and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the scallions are golden, about 2 minutes. Stir in the beans along with any liquid in the can, bring to a simmer and then remove from the heat. Adjust seasoning if needed.nPulse the banana chips in a blender until finely ground. Stir the banana crumbs together with the panko and jerk seasoning. Sprinkle each pork chop with a generous pinch of salt and pepper, and then dredge them in the banana crumb coating, pressing so the crumbs adhere.nHeat 3 tablespoons of the oil in a large heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. Then add the pork chops in batches and cook, turning once, until golden and just pink in the center, about 8 minutes total. Wipe out the skillet and cook the remaining pork chops with the remaining 3 tablespoons oil in the same manner. Let the pork stand 5 minutes.nServe the pork with the rice and beans, sprinkled with the reserved scallion greens., ingredients: [1 bunch scallions, 7 tablespoons vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 14ounce can black beans, 1 12 cups banana chips, 12 cup panko, 3 teaspoons dry jerk seasoning, Four 8ounce bonein pork chops, Cooked white rice, for serving], title: Banana Chip Crusted Jerk Pork Chops, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 13025: {instructions: In a small, heavy bottomed soup pot or casserole, melt 2 tablespoons of butter over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring frequently, until softened and slightly translucent but not browned, about 4 minutes. Add the pumpkin, stock and halfandhalf and stir to combine. Season generously with salt and pepper, reduce heat to medium low and cook 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat, then transfer the mixture to the bowl of a food processor. Puree for 10 seconds, until very smooth. Pour through a fine strainer into a clean pot. Add 6 tablespoons of butter and stir to combine.nIn a small skillet, warm 4 tablespoons butter over medium heat until gently bubbling. Add the bread cubes, stir to coat with the butter and saute until golden brown. Transfer croutons using a slotted spoon to a small bowl lined with a paper towel.nRaise the heat under the soup to medium high and heat until very hot for several minutes but not boiling, stirring frequently with a whisk to blend the butter and to keep the soup from burning on the bottom. Ladle soup into bowls, sprinkle with diced Gruyere, croutons, chives and rosemary.nCooks note: Can replace fresh pumpkin with 1 16ounce can of pumpkin puree and reduce the cooking time from 30 to 15 minutes.n When blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [34 cup unsalted butter, cut into 12 tablespoons, 1 medium onion, minced, 2 pounds fresh pumpkin, peeled, seeded, coarsely chopped, 3 cups chicken stock, 2 cups halfandhalf, Fine sea salt, Freshly ground cracked black pepper, 2 slices dense white sandwich bread with crusts removed, cut into 14inch cubes, 13 pound Gruyere, cut into 14inch cubes, 1 bunch chives, finely chopped, 1 sprig rosemary, leaves minced], title: Cream of Pumpkin Soup with Diced Gruyere and Buttered Croutons, picturelink: null}, 13026: {instructions: Butter and flour a 9inch glass pie plate. On a lightly floured surface roll the dough to a 12inch round about 18inch thick. Line the pie plate, being sure to press the dough into the bottom and up the sides without stretching. Chill 30 minutes. Roughly chop the apples into small pieces, about the size of lima beans. The apples should measure about 9 cups chopped. Combine with the sugar, tapioca, cinnamon, salt and lemon juice in a large bowl. Set aside until the juices begin to run, about 10  15 minutes. Beat together the cream and egg to make a glaze and brush over the edges and bottom of the crust. Mound the apple filling in the pie shell. It will be quite full. Roll out the remaining dough to a large round about 18 thick. Place over the filling a seal the edges together by gently pressing together. Trim any excess dough with scissors and flute the edges. Brush the top with the remaining egg glaze. Using a paring knife, cut out and remove a circle the size of a quarter from the center of the top crust. Cut 5 or 6 slits in a spoke pattern beginning 12inch from the center hole and ending 12inch from the outside edge. Chill for 30 minutes before baking.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees. Place the pie plate on a cookie sheet and bake 10  15 minutes, or until the top is golden brown. Reduce the heat to 300 degrees and continue baking until the juice visible in the center becomes thick and bubbly, about 1 hour if the edges are browning too quickly, cover with aluminum foil. Meanwhile prepare the caramel topping. Spoon the hot caramel over the top of the pie to coat and return to the oven. Bake 5 minutes longer, or until the caramel sets. Cool on a rack before serving.nIn a small saucepan combine brown sugar, butter and cream. Bring to a boil and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the pecan halves.nIn a large bowl combine the flour with the lard, butter and salt. Mix lightly with your fingertips until the dough forms grapesized pieces. You should be able to see chunks of fat. Stir in the iced water. Lightly knead, handling the dough as little as possible, until the dough forms a ball. Add a little more iced water if necessary. Transfer to a plastic bag and shape into a log. Seal the bag, pressing out any air, and chill for as little as 1 hour or as long as 3 days. The pie dough can be frozen for as long as a week., ingredients: [Pie Dough, recipe below, 7 large Granny Smith or Pippin apples, peeled and cored, 1 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons quickcooking tapioca, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 1 large egg, Caramel topping, recipe follows, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 cup pecan halves, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup lard, 2 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, About 12 cup iced water], title: Caramel Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 13027: {instructions: Combine the sugar, water, and lemon zest in a pot over medium heat. Gently simmer for 2 minutes until the sugar is dissolved, swirling the pot over the heat now and then u2013 do not allow to boil or get dark. Put the jasmine in a mason jar or glass container and pour the sugar syrup on top steep for 1 to 2 hours to infuse the jasmine flavor into the syrup.nIn a martini shaker filled with ice, combine the vodka, Grand Marnier, lemon juice, and 4 tablespoons of the jasmine syrup. Shake until frothy and pour into chilled martini glasses. Float a jasmine flower in each glass for great presentation., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 2 strips orange zest, 1 handful pesticidefree jasmine flowers, plus more for garnish, 12 cup vodka, 14 cup Grand Marnier, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Jasmine Martini, picturelink: null}, 13028: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Scrub potatoes well to remove all dirt. Pierce with a fork, rub with kosher salt and bake on a sheet pan for 1 hour.nMeanwhile, in medium skillet over medium heat cook bacon until crisp, remove, drain on paper towels and chop. Remove all but 2 tablespoons bacon grease from the pan and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and saute for 2 minutes. Stir in the jalapenos and saute for 2 minutes more. Add the garlic and lightly saute for 1 more minute. Set aside to cool to room temperature.nRemove potatoes from oven and let cool to a workable temperature. Slice potatoes in half, lengthwise and remove the flesh of the potato with a spoon to a bowl. Mix in butter, add pepper and salt to taste. Reserve 8 of the skin halves, discard the other 8.nGently fold in the onion, jalapeno and garlic mixture into the potato. Combine the horseradish, sour cream, half the pepper jack cheese and the bacon add to the potato mixture. Gently fold in the avocado.nStuff the potatoes with mixture, top with the remaining cheese and place back in the oven on a baking sheet for 20 minutes at 350 degrees F., ingredients: [8 extralarge russet potatoes, 4 tablespoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 pound applewood smoked bacon, 1 cup chopped yellow onion, 4 teaspoons diced jalapeno, 4 tablespoons diced garlic, 8 tablespoons butter, 4 teaspoons cracked black pepper, 4 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 8 tablespoons sour cream, 8 ounces pepper jack cheese, shredded, 1 avocado, pitted, flesh diced], title: Pepper Jack and Horseradish Double Baked Potatoes BIG DUNKEE, picturelink: null}, 13029: {instructions: Gently place the eggs into a large saucepan and cover with cold water. Add the vinegar and place over high heat. Bring to a boil and set a timer for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat after 5 minutes and let sit an additional 2 minutes. Drain the eggs and run under cold water. Immediately peel the eggs and slice in half the long way. Remove the yolks to a mixing bowl and set the whites to the side. Using a fork, mash the yolks well. Add the mayonnaise, anchovy paste, mustard and white pepper and mix well. Spoon the mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a 6 round tip 12inch diameter. Alternatively, use a sealable plastic bag with the tip cut off.nSet the egg whites out in a row. Into half, spoon 14 teaspoon of the black caviar. Into the other half spoon 12 teaspoon of the red caviar. Pipe the filling on top of the caviar so that each resembles a full yolk. Garnish the black caviar stuffed eggs with a small amount of the red caviar and vice versa. Garnish each with a small sprig of dill and serve on a bed of mixed greens., ingredients: [10 large eggs, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 34 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 14 teaspoon powdered mustard, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 1 small jar black lumpfish caviar, 1 small jar red lumpfish caviar, Fresh dill, for garnish, Mixed salad greens, for serving], title: Caviar Stuffed Eggs, picturelink: null}, 13030: {instructions: Toast the cumin and coriander seeds in a small skillet over medium heat, swirling the pan, until slightly darkened, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl. Add the vinegar, olive oil, garlic, red pepper flakes, cinnamon stick, brown sugar, chile powder and tomatoes whisk to combine. Put the lamb in a large nonreactive container and add the marinade cover and refrigerate overnight or up to 48 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the lamb from the marinade and pat dry reserve the marinade. Season the lamb with salt and pepper. Heat the canola oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, add the lamb and cook until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Add the reserved marinade, the beer and jalapeno and bring to a simmer. Cover, transfer to the oven and braise until very tender, about 2 hours. Remove from the oven and let cool slightly. Skim off any excess fat. Remove the lamb and pull the meat off the bone, discarding the bones and fat. Strain the liquid into a smaller pot and keep warm. Shred the meat with your fingers and transfer to a bowl. Pour the warmed braising liquid over the meat and toss to coat. Divide among corn tortillas and top with cilantro. Photograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 cup sherry vinegar, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 10 cloves garlic, smashed, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ancho chile powder, 1 16ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 5pound bonein leg of lamb, crosscut into 5 to 6 pieces ask your butcher to do this, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 12ounce bottles lager beer I like Great Lakes Dortmunder Gold, 1 jalapeno pepper, chopped, Corn tortillas, warmed, for serving, Cilantro, for topping], title: Braised Lamb Tacos, picturelink: sD7rJ3S21zet2i9V8PpbPAa1.Ih6xPS}, 13031: {instructions: In a large, deep saute pan, heat olive oil over high heat and add carrots, celery, onions, and pancetta and cook, stirring, until vegetables are lightly browned, about 6 minutes. Add the beef and cook another 2 minutes. Add pork and cook until meat is lightly browned, about 5 minutes.nWhisk together the tomato paste and 1 cup of the broth, and add it to meat. Place pan over low heat so that sauce just barely simmers. When broth has evaporated, add another cup. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally and adding a cup of broth when stew becomes dry, until all the broth has been added, about 3 hours.nAdd milk and butter, and continue to simmer very gently until milk has reduced and sauce is very thick, about 2 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper, and serve over tagliatelle or pappardelle with ParmigianoReggiano.nPut all the ingredients in a pot and cover with water. Cook on low it should boil after about 1 hour. Lower the heat to a low boil. Cook 3 more hours after it has started to boil. Pour the broth through a sieve and refrigerate. The next morning, take off all the fat. You should be left with about 2 quarts of broth. The meat can be served as a bollito with salsa verde.nYield: 8 servings, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium carrots, peeled and finely chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 12 pound pancetta, minced, 1 pound lean ground beef, 1 pound ground pork butt, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 8 cups homemade or lowsodium beef broth, recipe follows, 38 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons butter, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, Cooked tagliatelle or pappardelle, Grated ParmigianoReggiano, as needed, 1 large beef joint bone, 1 pound beef shank, 1 pound beef short ribs, 1 pound beef brisket, 2 medium onions, halved, 2 medium carrots, each cut into 8 pieces, 2 stalks celery, each cut into 4 pieces, 2 pinches salt], title: Ragu Alla Bolognese, picturelink: null}, 13032: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nSeparate the Swiss chard stems from the leaves and finely chop the stems youll have about 1 12 cups of chopped stems. Heat the oil in a large, heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Then stir in the stems, garlic, onions, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are golden, about 10 minutes. Stir in the flour until combined. Whisk in the milk and bring to a boil. Boil, whisking occasionally, until thickened, about 8 minutes. Remove the sauce from the heat and let cool slightly.nCarefully puree the chard leaves in the blender with 1 12 cups of the sauce until smooth. Pour into the saucepan and add half of the cheeses.nSpread about 1 cup of the sauce on the bottom of a 13 by 9inch baking dish. Layer 3 noodles, leaving about 12 inch of space between them. Spread another layer of sauce, 3 more noodles and another layer of sauce. Scatter half of the remaining cheeses. Continue layering the sauce and the noodles, beginning and ending with the sauce, and then sprinkle with the remaining cheeses.nCover with foil and bake until the noodles are tender when tested with a paring knife, about 30 minutes. Remove the foil and continue to bake until the cheeses are golden in spots, about 10 minutes more. Let the lasagna stand 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 bunch Swiss chard about 10 ounces, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium yellow onion, finely chopped, Kosher salt and finely ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 5 cups milk, 8 ounces noboil lasagna noodles 12 noodles, 2 cups fresh ricotta, 1 pound shredded mozzarella 3 34 cups], title: Swiss Chard Lasagna, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 13033: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the mustard, chili powder, cumin, allspice, oregano, brown sugar, and garlic. Place the pork in a 9 by 13inch roasting pan. Spread the mustard mixture over the top and sides of the pork to form a crust. Add the onions, carrots, and chicken stock to the pan. Roast for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the pork registers 160 degrees F. Allow the pork to rest for 10 minutes before serving. Remove the vegetables and arrange on a serving platter. Season the pan juices with salt and pepper and pour into a small serving pitcher.nTo serve, slice the pork into 14inch slices. Arrange the pork slices on the serving platter with the roasted vegetables and serve with the pan juices.nCooks Note: This recipe will also work using a 2 12 pound beef roast. Allow an extra 10 to 15 minutes of cooking time., ingredients: [14 cup whole grain mustard recommended: Maille, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 2 12 pound pork tenderloin, patted dry with paper towels, 10 cipollini onions, 3 medium carrots, peeled, and cut into 2inch pieces, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, for seasoning], title: Spiced Pork Roast, picturelink: y7gLM6r2sH4OnS9vMSh8S2Z7OxZgMi}, 13034: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 1 roasting pan with racknPosition a rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nJalapeno paste:nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine the oregano, shallot, garlic, butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, the jalapeno, salt and pepper and process to form a coarse paste.nChicken: Pat the chicken dry and then put it, breast side up, on a rack in a large roasting pan. Using your fingers, loosen the skin from the chicken breast, legs, and thighs without detaching it. Spread half of the jalapeno paste under the skin. Put the rosemary and the shallots in the cavity of the chicken. Tie the chicken legs together with kitchen twine. Spread the remaining jalapeno paste all over the exterior of the chicken. Pour the chicken broth and wine into the roasting pan.nRoast the chicken for 1 hour, basting with the pan juices every 20 minutes, adding more broth to the pan if it begins to dry out.nRemove the roasting pan from the oven. Arrange the baby broccoli snugly around the chicken on the rack. Drizzle the olive oil over the florets and season them with salt and pepper, to taste. Roast the chicken with the baby broccoli, basting occasionally with the pan juices, until an instantread thermometer inserted into the innermost part of the chicken thigh, without touching the bone, registers 160 degrees F, about 30 minutes. Remove the roast chicken from the oven, tent it in foil and let it rest for 15 minutes.nArrange the chicken on a platter, and surround it with the broccoli. Serve., ingredients: [12 cup packed fresh oregano leaves or 13 cup dried oregano, 1 shallot, peeled and roughly chopped, 4 garlic cloves, peeled, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 jalapeno, stemmed and seeded, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 5 12pound roasting chicken, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 shallots, coarsely chopped, 1 12 cups chicken broth, plus more if needed, 34 cup dry white wine, 2 pounds baby broccoli see Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Jalapeno Roasted Chicken with Baby Broccolini, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 13035: {instructions: In a large pot, combine the apples, pears, plums, 12 cup water, the honey, vanilla and cinnamon. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, cover and cook for 30 minutes.nRemove the lid and continue cooking until the syrup is reduced and the fruit is tender, another 30 minutes.nCool completely, cover and store in the fridge until ready to serve. Serve alone or on cake., ingredients: [2 cups peeled Granny Smith apples, cut into 1inch cubes about 2 medium apples, 2 cups peeled ripe firm pears, cut into 1inch cubes about 2 medium pears, 2 cups unpeeled diced plums about 3 large plums, 14 cup honey, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Apple, Pear and Plum Compote, picturelink: dkpSMROALieGdaAkwtiF7i6U8t5MOO}, 13036: {instructions: Put the chiles in a bowl, cover with boiling water and soak until pliable, about 15 minutes. Reserve 1 tablespoon of the soaking liquid, then drain the chiles.nMeanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, oregano and cumin and cook until the onion is soft but not browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a blender along with the reserved chile soaking liquid, the chiles, orange juice, lime juice and 1 12 teaspoons salt blend until smooth.nUnfold the banana leaves and cut into six 12inchlong pieces rinse and pat dry. Place a banana leaf shinyside down on a work surface. Coat the fish generously with the pureed chile mixture. Place 1 mahi mahi fillet in the center of the leaf and top with a slice each of orange and lime. Fold 2 opposite ends of the leaf over the fish, overlapping them to tightly enclose the fish, then tuck the open ends underneath. Transfer to a large roasting pan or baking dish. Repeat to make 5 more banana leafwrapped fillets, then transfer the pan to the refrigerator and let the fish marinate 1 to 3 hours.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Remove the pan from the refrigerator and cover tightly with foil. Bake until the fish is just cooked through, opening a packet to check for doneness, about 35 minutes. Transfer to plates and carefully unwrap just before eating.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [5 dried guajillo chiles, stemmed and seeded, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup chopped red onion, 2 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 orange 12 juiced, 12 thinly sliced into 6 halfmoons, 1 lime 12 juiced, 12 thinly sliced into 6 halfmoons, Kosher salt, 1 16ounce package fresh or frozen banana leaves, thawed if frozen, 6 6ounce mahi mahi fillets], title: Banana Leaf Mahi Mahi With Citrus and Chiles, picturelink: sTyxLPG3frRRVyprnbasjzp5FQBeXvG}, 13037: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: A 9by5by3inch metal loaf pan, chillednFor the ice cream: Pulse the strawberries in a food processor until you achieve peasize chunks. Add the condensed milk, vanilla and salt. Pulse to combine remove to a medium bowl and set aside.nWhip the cream with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until firm peaks form, about 2 minutes. Fold about 1 cup of the whipped cream into the strawberry mixture with a rubber spatula until combined, then fold the lightened mixture into the whipped cream until well blended. Pour into a chilled 9by5by3inch metal loaf pan, and freeze, covered, until thick and creamy, like softserve, about 2 hours. Swirl in any desired mixins with a spoon. Continue to freeze, covered, until solid and scoopable, about 3 hours more., ingredients: [1 pound frozen strawberries, thawed at room temperature for 10 minutes, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch fine salt, 2 cups heavy cream, cold, Pretzel: 1 12 cups yogurtcovered pretzels, brokenup, Donut: 3 jelly donuts, cut into small pieces, Balsamic: 2 tablespoons reduced balsamic vinegar Simmer 12 cup vinegar until reduced to 2 tablespoons let cool.], title: NoChurn Strawberry Ice Cream, picturelink: 9.qJlYGPwVHz9ztS23frN3BIYLIScli}, 13038: {instructions: Pour the warm water into the bowl of a standing electric mixer, add the yeast and granulated sugar, and let the yeast proof until bubbly on the surface, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a medium saucepan, heat the 2 cups of milk until very warm 120 to 130 degrees F.nIn another pan, melt the butter. Set aside 14 cup for brushing the pans.nWhen the yeast is bubbly, fit the electric mixer with a dough hook or paddle. Add all of the flour, the brown sugar, warm milk, eggs, and the 1 14 cups melted butter and beat on low speed for 10 minutes.nOil a large bowl and place the dough in it, turning it in the bowl to coat on all sides. Cover and let rise in a warm, draftfree place until doubled in volume, about 1 12 hours.nBrush two 8inch springform pans, 2 inches deep, with the reserved 14 cup of melted butter.nMake the filling: In a bowl, stir together the brown sugar, currants, and cinnamon.nOnce the dough has doubled, punch it down with your hands. Divide the dough into 2 equal portions. On a clean, dry, lightly floured surface, roll out each piece of dough into a rectangle 8 x 12 inches. Sprinkle half the filling over each piece of dough, leaving a 1inch border on all sides. Starting with the long side of the dough closest to you, roll each piece of dough into a cylinder, pinching the seam closed. Cut each roll into 6 equal slices and place the slices, cut side up, with the sides touching, in the prepared springform pans. Brush the surface of the buns with the remaining 14 cup of milk. Let the buns rise in the pans until almost doubled in size, about 30 minutes.nIn the meantime, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBake the buns for about 45 minutes, until golden and a toothpick inserted into the center of one of the buns comes out clean. Cool in the pans 10 minutes. Serve warm. To store, wrap the buns well in plastic, then store in the refrigerator for up to 3 days. To reheat, remove the plastic wrap then wrap the buns in aluminum foil. Reheat in a preheated 350 degree F oven for about 10 minutes, or until heated through., ingredients: [14 cup warm water 110 to 115 degrees F, 1 tablespoon active dry yeast, Pinch of granulated sugar, 2 cups whole milk, plus 14 cup for brushing the buns, 34 pound 3 sticks unsalted butter, 6 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 cup dried currants, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon], title: Chelsea Buns, picturelink: null}, 13039: {instructions: Preheat oil in saute pan.nWash off fillets and pat dry with a towel. Lightly sprinkle with seafood seasoning on both sides.nIn 3 separate bowls, place flour mixed with 3 tablespoons seafood seasoning. panko and 3 beaten eggs.nDredge fillets into flour, egg and then panko. Add fish to oil and fry until golden brown, about 4 to 6 minutes. Remove to a paper towel lined platter.nSpread remoulade sauce on both sides of toasted bread with a rubber spatula. Layer some romaine on the bottom, then top with fish, sliced tomato, red onion and then finally, a little more romaine on top. Add top portion of bread to make a sandwich. Repeat with remaining sandwiches.nPlace all ingredients into a blend but the mayonnaise and pulse together for a minute. Pour into bowl and add mayonnaise. Mix together. Chill in refrigerator until ready to serve., ingredients: [Grapeseed oil, for frying, 2 12 pounds fresh flounder fillets, 3 tablespoons seafood seasoning, plus more for sprinkling, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, 3 eggs beaten, Remoulade sauce, recipe follows, 1 large French baguette, cut into 4 servings, 12 tomato slices, 8 romaine leaves, chiffonade, 1 small red onion, sliced thin, 1 teaspoon hot relish recommended: Amish or Indian, 2 tablespoons capers, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 12 teaspoon chopped anchovies, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 12 cups mayonnaise], title: Fried Fish Sandwich, picturelink: 7juAJgUcC5UwPVmmaXdJiKmH0kfEcy}, 13040: {instructions: Start with a chilled cocktail glass and rub the rim with a lime wedge or dip rim in lime juice such as Roses. Open a pack of cherry flavored Pop Rocks candy and spread on a small plate or napkin. Press rim of the glass into the candy to coat rim.nIn a shaker filled with ice, add cranberry vodka, shake and strain into prepared glass. Slowly and carefully pour Blue Curacao in the middle of the glass, allowing it to settle in the glass. You should have two distinct layers. Add a small splash of lemonlime soda., ingredients: [lime wedge, package cherry Pop Rocks, 2 12 oz. cranberry vodka, 12 oz. Blue Curacao], title: Boston Pops Martini, picturelink: null}, 13041: {instructions: Toss together asparagus, fava beans, and pistachios. Add to lettuce. Combine vinaigrette ingredients and season to taste with salt and pepper. Dress the salad with lemon vinaigrette. Season, to taste.nPut all ingredients in a pot and warm gently for about 10 minutes Infuse overnight and strain., ingredients: [2 cups asparagus tips, blanched, 1 cup fava beans, blanched, 34 cup pistachios, shelled, 4 cups mixed baby lettuce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup lemon juice, 3 tablespoons Lemon Oil, recipe follows, 34 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon Dijon, 34 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 1 quart canola oil, 4 lemons, zested in strips, 14 bunch lemon thyme, 14 stick lemongrass], title: Asparagus and Pistachio Salad, picturelink: null}, 13042: {instructions: Wash the tomatoes and cut them into thick slices. Mix the flour, cornmeal, salt, and pepper in a small brown bag or a plastic bag. Heat the bacon drippings or oil in a large, heavy skillet. Place the tomato slices in the bag and shake them gently until they are coated with the flour and cornmeal mixture. Place the tomato slices in the skillet and fry them a few at a time, turning them often so that they do not stick and are browned on both sides. Drain the slices on paper towels, adjust seasonings, and serve hot with bacon or sausages., ingredients: [4 large green tomatoes, 14 cup flour, 2 tablespoons yellow cornmeal, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Bacon drippings or oil for frying], title: Fried Green Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 13043: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat the milk and butter in a mediumlarge saucepan over mediumhigh heat. When the mixture simmers and the butter is melted, add the flour all at once and stir. Add the salt and pepper. Reduce heat to medium and stir for 1 to 2 minutes to dry the mixture out. Turn off heat and stir a bit more to cool slightly.nAdd the eggs 1 at a time, beating well to incorporate each egg before adding the next. Stir in the cheese, mustards, and cayenne and mix until smooth. Transfer the mixture to a pastry bag with a large plain tip.nPipe the mixture onto to a parchment paperlined cookie sheet in rows of kisses, about 1 inch in diameter.nSmooth out any bumps with a fingertip dipped in flour.nThe recipe can be made to this point up to 8 hours in advance and refrigerated, or frozen for up to a week. Thaw at room temperature before baking.nBake for 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and continue baking until golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes more., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 eggs, 1 cup grated fol epi young Frenchstyle Swiss cheese, Gruyere, or other Swiss cheese, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon dry mustard powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne], title: Gougeres, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 13044: {instructions: Lightly saute the onion and potato in the butter. Add the watercress, chicken stock and salt and pepper, to taste. Bring to a boil and simmer until the potatoes are cooked through, about 15 minutes. Puree mixture in blender until smooth.nBring to room temperature and then refrigerate. Serve chilled. Before serving, lightly stir in cream or sour cream and garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [12 onion, diced, 1 large allpurpose potato, like long whites, diced, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 bunch watercress, chopped, 2 12 cups chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Heavy or sour cream, 4 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Watercress Vichyssoise, picturelink: null}, 13045: {instructions: For the curd: Fill a medium saucepan 13 full of water. Bring to a low boil. In a stainless steel bowl whisk together the egg yolks, eggs, and sugar. Stir in the passion fruit juice. Set the bowl into the pot of water, making sure the water does not touch the bottom of the bowl. Cook the mixture, stirring frequently until thick, about 10 minutes. Strain the curd. Place plastic wrap directly on the surface and refrigerate until cold. Fill the tartlet shells with the curd. Set aside.nFor the meringue: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Fill a medium pot 13 full of water. Bring the water to a slow boil. In a bowl of an electric mixer, whisk together the egg whites and sugar. Place the bowl in the hot water and cook, whisking continually until hot. Remove from the water and place the bowl on the electric mixer. Whip on medium until stiff. Place the meringue in a pastry bag. Pipe it on top of the tartlets, completely covering the curd. Bake the tartlets until the meringue is golden brown, about 5 to 10 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [7 large egg yolks, 2 large eggs, 34 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup passion fruit juice, 6 prebaked 4inch tartlet shells recipe follows, 6 large egg whites, 1 12 cups granulated sugar], title: Passion Fruit Meringue Tartlets, picturelink: null}, 13046: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace a small dish of water next to your work surface. To make the tortilla bowls, place 4 empty 15ounce cans, open side down, on a baking pan. Using a pastry brush, soften the tortillas by brushing both sides with a little water, and then brush with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Drape the tortillas over the cans and bake until firm, about 5 to 7 minutes. Using tongs, turn the tortilla bowls right side up, discard the cans, and continue to bake until golden and crisp, another 4 minutes.nHeat the remaining tablespoon of oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until soft and translucent, about 4 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook until its fragrant, about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Add the tomatoes, chipotles with adobo sauce, and 12 cup water, cooking until slightly thick, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Mix in the beans and cook until heated through, season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat.nPlace the tortilla bowls right side up on plates and fill each with a handful of greens. Divide the bean mixture between the tortilla bowls and top with a sprinkle of feta. Fan the sliced chicken on top and garnish with chopped cilantro. Drizzle with a little olive oil and serve with lime wedges.nDelicioso Adobo Grilled ChickennCombine all of the ingredients in a small glass jar with an airtight lid and shake to blend. Store in a cool, dry place for up to 2 weeks.nSeason chicken with the adobo seasoning. Heat a grill pan to medium heat and spray with nonstick cooking spray or drizzle with oil. Place the chicken on the grill pan and cook for 3 to 5 minutes on each side depending on the size of the breasts.nNote: This recipe for adobo is a staple seasoning for many of my Latin recipes. You can make a large batch, store it in an airtight container and use it as a flavor enhancer in your favorite dishes.nYield: about 12 cup adobo, 6 servingsnPrep Time: 5 minutesnCook Time: 20 minutesnEase of preparation: Easy, ingredients: [4 10inch wholewheat or multigrain tortillas, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 12 medium yellow onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 medium tomatoes, chopped, 2 chipotle chiles in adobo, chopped remove the seeds to make it less spicy, plus 2 tablespoons the adobo sauce, 12 cup water, 1 15ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 5 cups baby spinach leaves or mixed mesclun greens, 4 ounces feta cheese, crumbled 12 cup, 4 Adobo Grilled Chicken Breasts, sliced, recipe follows, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Lime wedges, for serving, 1 tablespoon lemon pepper, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder or flakes, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon dried parsley flakes, 1 tablespoon achiote powder, 12 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon salt, 6 boneless skinless chicken breasts, Nonstick cooking spray or oil], title: Adobo Grilled Chicken Salad in a Tortilla Bowl, picturelink: enoSPIumrtRCq5ndNiVEgXCyH63Ce}, 13047: {instructions: In a very hot stock pot, add 1 tablespoon oil, add clams and stir for 2 minutes. Add lemon grass, ginger, chiles and onion and stir for 2 more minutes. Season. Deglaze with mirin and reduce liquid by 80 per cent. Add chicken stock and turn heat down to simmer. When clams are open, remove and continue slowly simmering the broth. Check for seasoning. Reduce broth by 20 per cent, which should take about 30 minutes, then strain. Bring broth back to a boil add udon, spinach, clams and butter. Add lemon juice and serve in large bowls., ingredients: [Canola oil, 2 pounds manila or little neck clams, cleaned, 6 stalks lemon grass, sliced, white part only, 4 slices ginger, 2 Thai bird chiles, 1 white onion sliced, 13 cup mirin, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 packages udon noodles, 12 pound spinach leaves, 1 tablespoon butter optional, but really good, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Salt and white pepper to taste], title: Udon Noodles with Lemon Grass Clam Broth, picturelink: null}, 13048: {instructions: Add mushrooms to a bowl and cover with 1 cup warm water. Let sit for 30 minutes to rehydrate. Strain mushrooms, reserving soaking liquid in a small bowl. Rinse mushrooms and set aside. Strain soaking liquid through a paper towel into a medium saucepot and set aside briefly.nFor the rice, rinse rice in strainer under cold water. Add rice, 2 34 cups cold water and salt to the saucepot containing the mushroom soaking liquid. Cover and let soak for 30 minutes. Remove lid, then turn heat to medium and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook for 15 minutes without removing the lid. Transfer to a mixing bowl, stir in vinegar, and cover with a clean damp kitchen towel and keep at room temperature.nHeat grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat in a saute pan. When the oil begins to shimmer, brown all sides of the sausage. Pour most of fat from pan and return to stovetop. Reduce heat to medium, stir in coconut milk, soy sauce, and oyster sauce. Cover and let cook for 15 to 20 minutes until the sausage is cooked through.nRemove sausage and let rest. Then slice on the bias. Return sausage to pan, add cooked rice, and stir to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper if needed. Garnish with scallions., ingredients: [1 ounce dried shiitake mushrooms, 2 cups glutinous rice sushi rice, 2 34 cups cold water, 2 teaspoons salt, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon grapeseed oil, 1 pound Chinese sausage, 12 cup coconut milk, 1 tablespoon black soy sauce, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced on the diagonal], title: Naw Mai Fan, picturelink: null}, 13049: {instructions: In a saute pan over medium heat, cook the onions, garlic, and vinegar until the liquid has reduced by half. Add the greens, molasses, Worcestershire, hot sauce, 1 cup water, and salt and pepper. Cover with wax or parchment paper and simmer until the greens are tender, about 30 minutes. Adjust seasoning if needed.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [14 cup diced onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 ounce cider vinegar, 2 bunches collard greens, stems removed, 1 bunch mustard greens, stems removed, 1 teaspoon molasses, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Southern Greens, picturelink: null}, 13050: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Thoroughly grease a bundt pan with butter and set aside.nAdd the cake mix to a large bowl and beat in the eggs, oil and 14 cup water with an electric hand mixer until smooth. Stir in the melted ice cream with a wooden spoon. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for greasing, One 15.25ounce box yellow cake mix, 3 large eggs, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup melted vanilla ice cream], title: Melted Ice Cream Cake, picturelink: TcNkqwoyoQxOveqSY1Ji6FxF4cgzWj6}, 13051: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Thinly slice each cube of butternut squash and toss in a small bowl with the olive oil. Thinly slice the onion and sage.nSprinkle a work surface with the cornmeal and use a rolling pin andor your hands to stretch the dough into a 12inch circle. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray and place the dough onto it.nCrumble the gorgonzola and sprinkle it evenly all over the dough, leaving a 1inch border for the crust. Scatter the squash and onion on top of the cheese. Sprinkle the sage on top.nBake until the cheese is melted, the squash is softened and the crust is almost browned, about 11 minutes. Scatter the walnuts over the pizza and bake until they are lightly toasted, an additional 2 minutes. Slice the pizza into 8 wedges.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [13 cup cubed, peeled butternut squash about 2 12 ounces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 small red onion, 5 large sage leaves, 1 tablespoon cornmeal, 34 pound storebought wholewheat pizza dough, at room temperature, Nonstick cooking spray, 4 ounces gorgonzola cheese 23 cup crumbled, 14 cup walnut pieces], title: Butternut Squash and Gorgonzola Pizza, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 13052: {instructions: Bring 3 to 4 inches of water to a boil in a large pasta pot. Add the lobster, cover and steam until fully cooked and the shell is bright red, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the meat from the shell and dice into 12inch chunks.nHalve the eggs and reserve the yolks. In a bowl, mash the yolks and add the mayonnaise, white wine vinegar, ground mustard, chives, celery salt, salt and pepper to taste, celery and onions. Mix all together so that the yolk mixture is creamy. Fold in most of the lobster, reserving 24 small pieces. Add salt and pepper to taste, and then stuff the egg white halves with the filling. Garnish with a touch of fresh dill and a little piece of lobster. Sprinkle with paprika., ingredients: [1 whole lobster, about 1 12 pounds or 2 frozen tails if you cant find live whole lobster, 1 dozen eggs, hard boiled, 4 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon ground mustard, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh chives, Pinch celery salt, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 12 red onion, finely diced, Finely chopped fresh dill, for garnish, Paprika, for sprinkling], title: Lobster Deviled Eggs, picturelink: ZA51FLykmoxfMbDMm2rc.XRYUPk9WDK}, 13053: {instructions: Cover the veal with cold water to blanch it. Drain and rinse the veal.nBoil about 2 cups of water in a saucepan and then add the pearl onions briefly to scald them. Drain and slip skins from the pearl onions and set them aside.nIn a large saucepot, combine the veal with the stock and simmer covered over mediumlow heat until the veal is tender, about 1 12 hours. After the veal has been simmering about 30 minutes, add the sachet depices. Then uncover the pot to allow the stock to reduce to intensify the flavor.nMelt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a small pot and gradually add the flour to make a white roux. Do not allow the roux to brown. Remove and discard the sachet from the stew. Add the roux to the stew pot and simmer until thickened.nIn another pan, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and gently cook the pearl onions and mushrooms until they are tender. To this pan, add the lemon juice and salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside.nThe heat under the blanquette stew must be such that the stew is just below a boil. In a small pot whisk together the egg yolks and cream known as a liaison and temper by heating gently and gradually. You are only heating it. Do not boil. Do not cook. Add the liaison to the blanquette. Add the reserved pearl onions and mushrooms. Adjust salt and pepper, to taste, if needed., ingredients: [4 pounds veal breast, boned, cut in large dice, 20 pearl onions, 2 quarts beef stock, 1 sachet depices 1 tablespoon parsley, 1 tablespoon peppercorns, 1 tablespoon thyme and 1 bay leaf in a cheesecloth bag, 6 tablespoons butter, divided, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 6 ounces about 2 cups white button mushrooms, cleaned and sliced, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 egg yolks, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Veal Blanquette, picturelink: i7iYerbCGTFYDO0X8cP8zw45bTUXGSq}, 13054: {instructions: Heat the cheese and milk in double boiler until melted and smooth. Add the remaining ingredients and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes. Transfer the fondue to a lit and warm fondue pot or small chafing dish. Serve immediately with tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 14 pounds white American cheese, diced or shredded, 23 cups milk, 12 cup diced onion, 14 cup diced Anaheim chiles, 14 cup chopped canned sliced jalapenos, 14 cup diced canned whole, peeled tomatoes, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh garlic, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Serving Suggestions: Tortilla chips], title: Chile con Queso, picturelink: null}, 13055: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBoil the potatoes whole until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and cool to room temperature. Peel and cut potatoes into bitesize pieces, discarding potato skins.nPut the hot dogs into a hot grill pan and cook until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Cool the hot dogs to room temperature, then cut them crosswise into bitesize pieces.nToss the potatoes, parsley, basil, and olive oil in a large bowl. Season the potato salad with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the hot dogs to the salad and toss. Season to taste, adding additional olive oil if the salad seems too dry. Serve the salad at room temperature., ingredients: [3 medium russet potatoes about 2 12 pounds total, 14 cup olive oil, plus additional olive oil, if necessary, 1 pound goodquality hot dogs, pierced, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Veronicas Potato Salad, picturelink: 6kWjJ7k85u6AHsokzuPTcyfZrT4f6Zq}, 13056: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Preheat the grill to high heat.nStart by forming the meat into 4 patties about 34inch thick. Refrigerate until ready to grill.nFor the relish: Combine 2 cups water, the vinegar, seeds, honey and salt in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook over mediumhigh heat until the liquid has reduced to a creamy consistency, about 12 minutes. Heat the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally until caramelized and golden brown, about 20 minutes. Add the veal stock and cook until the skillet is dry, about 3 minutes. Stir the onions into the mustard seed mixture and reserve until needed.nMeanwhile, lay the pancetta on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown and crispy, 12 to 15 minutes.nSprinkle the burgers liberally with salt and pepper and grill until medium rare, 4 minutes per side. Toast the buns on the grill and place 1 ounce of the cheese on top of each burger. Close the lid until the cheese melts and becomes gooey, about 30 seconds.nPlace the burgers on the buns and top each with the relish and 2 slices of pancetta. Garnish with the tomatoes and lettuce and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds freshly ground beef preferably 8020, 12 cup champagne vinegar, 3 tablespoons mustard seed, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 medium onions, julienned, 14 cup veal stock or storebought lowsodium beef or chicken stock, 8 very thin slices pancetta, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 brioche rolls, 4 ounces Taleggio cheese, sliced, 1 beefsteak tomato, sliced, 1 head Bibb lettuce, leaves separated], title: Burger with Taleggio, Pancetta and OnionMustard Relish, picturelink: uidJjqaJ7.8ENhLjIdppRW0wosg0Dyq}, 13057: {instructions: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F.nAdd pasta to a large pot of boiling salted water and cook for 2 minutes less then package says. Drain and pour cool water over the top. Drain well and toss with 1 teaspoon olive oil.nIn a nonstick saute pan, heat 14 cup olive oil when hot, add 14 of the pasta and spread evenly in the pan. Turn heat down to medium and cook until brown on the bottom. Carefully turn over and continue cooking until brown on other side. Remove with a slotted spoon to plate and keep warm in the oven. Continue with other 3 batches, adding more olive oil as needed.nDivide crispy pasta among 4 plates and top with some Red Pepper and Mozzarella Salad.nJust before serving, toss together the spinach, greens, peppers, mozzarella, and dressing. Taste for seasoning. Plate on top of crispy pasta cakes., ingredients: [Salt, water for pasta, 1 pound angel hair pasta, 1 teaspoon plus 14 cup olive oil, Red Pepper, Mozzarella, Salad, recipe follows, 9 cups loosely packed baby spinach, 8 cups mixed young green lettuces, 34 cup jarred roasted red peppers, cut into bitesize pieces, 1 12 cups diced fresh mozzarella 12inch dice, About 12 cup your favorite salad dressing], title: Crispy Pasta Cake with Red Pepper and Mozzarella Salad, picturelink: null}, 13058: {instructions: Heat grill pan over high heat.nFor the salad, in a small bowl combine olive oil, garlic, a few pinches of salt and about 15 grinds pepper. Cut lettuce heads in half lengthwise and brush with olive oil mixture.nGrill lettuce until nicely blackened and wilted. Grill in stages if your grill pan isnt large enough to grill in one stage. Transfer lettuce to a serving platter.nSqueeze lemon over the lettuce. Sprinkle shaved Parmesan over the top, drizzle with the anchovy oil and finish with parsley., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 heads romaine lettuce hearts, 12 lemon, Shaved Parmesan, Anchovy oil from can of anchovies packed in olive oil, Handful fresh flat parsley leaves, chopped], title: Deconstructed Pan Grilled Caesar, picturelink: tea5pxy5zPM8j3p8yMcOhke7.JyHLO}, 13059: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch baking pan with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang on at least 2 sides. Butter the foil.nWhisk together the coconut flour, cocoa powder and salt in a medium bowl. Melt the butter and chocolate in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring frequently. Let cool slightly. Stir in the sugar and eggs. Add the coconut flour mixture, and stir to combine. Pour the batter into the prepared pan, and bake until a toothpick comes out with just a few crumbs, 30 to 35 minutes.nLet the brownies cool completely in the pan on a cooling rack. Use the foil overhang to help lift them out of the pan. Cut into 16 squares. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the foil, 1 12 cups coconut flour, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 4 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, slightly beaten], title: GlutenFree Coconut Flour Brownies, picturelink: WQ2gmO8mwxk9IxrKnogsHIS69E8OyNq}, 13060: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut each tortilla into 10 wedges. Spread wedges evenly on sheet pans and bake until nicely crisped, about 58 minutes. Set aside. Arrange chips on an ovenproof platter. Top the chips with black beans and jack cheese and place in the oven until cheese is completely melted, approximately 8 minutes.nRemove chips from oven and top with taco seasoning, tomatoes, green onion, guacamole and Greek yogurt or light sour cream.nSqueeze a wedge of lime over top and garnish with a sprig of cilantro.nPlace all ingredients for guacamole in a food processor. Process on high until smooth. Season with salt., ingredients: [4 wholewheat flour tortillas, 1 can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 12 to 2 cups lowfat spicy pepper jack cheese, shredded, 2 green onions, sliced on an angle, 1 tomato, diced, 1 teaspoon taco seasoning, 12 cup nonfat Greek yogurt or light sour cream, Guacamole recipe follows, Juice of lime wedge, Sprig of cilantro, 1 avocado, 1 garlic clove, 12 jalapeno, seeded, 14 onion, 14 bunch cilantro leaves, 12 lime, juiced, Salt], title: Na Cho Nachos Lighter Nachos, picturelink: null}, 13061: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. cut squash in half, scoop out seeds, brush cut surfaces with oil and set them face down on a baking sheet. Bake until very tender, about 30 to 45 minutes, depending on how large the squash is.nWhile this is baking, bring the milk, cinnamon stick, cloves and garlic to a simmer. Remove from heat and let the milk infuse while squash is baking.nWhen squash is done, remove it from oven and scoop out the cooked flesh which you should transfer to a food processor or blender. Strain the infused milk to remove the spices and garlic and blend infused milk with the squash to make a puree. Beat in butter if you wish and season to taste with salt and pepper. You can make this in advance and reheat in a double boiler., ingredients: [2 pounds winter squash such as Acorn, Hubbard or Butternut, Vegetable oil, 1 cup evaporated skim or low fat milk, 3 inch piece cinnamon stick, 4 whole cloves, 1 clove garlic, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Winter Squash Puree, picturelink: null}, 13062: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 9inch pie platenFor moms flaky pie dough: Combine the flour, butter, sugar and salt in a food processor and pulse until the chunks are peasized. Add the ice water 1 tablespoon at a time and pulse until the dough just begins to clump together against the walls of the processor.nDump the dough out onto a work surface and press together to make a cohesive ball, kneading once or twice if it is falling apart. Divide the dough in half, wrap 1 portion in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour before rolling out. This recipe makes a double portion of dough if you are only using 1 portion, wrap the other half in 2 layers of plastic wrap, place in a resealable plastic bag and freeze for another use.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nOn a wellfloured surface and using a wellfloured rolling pin, roll out the pie dough into a 9 to 10inch round. Lightly flour the pin as needed to prevent sticking if the dough tends to stay sticky while rolling, refrigerate it until firm and begin again. Use a large flat spatula or bench scraper to transfer the dough to a 9inch pie plate and press into shape using a fork.nPlace a sheet of parchment paper or foil into the pie shell and fill with pie weights, uncooked rice or dried beans. Bake until the edges are lightly golden, about 25 minutes. Remove the pie crust but keep the oven on.nFor the quiche: While the crust is baking, heat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the mushrooms and cook until well browned and cooked through, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Then add in the mixed veggies to cook out any excess water and wilt the spinach leaves. Remove from the heat.nIn a large bowl, combine the eggs, cream, parsley, thyme, nutmeg, salt and pepper in a large bowl and lightly whisk. Sprinkle half of the Gruyere, Cheddar and ParmigianoReggiano on the crust, followed by the veggie mixture and then the remaining cheese. Pour the egg mixture over the top and bake until set, about 35 minutes.nCool for 15 minutes, then cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cubed, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 to 8 tablespoons ice water, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 cups small mushrooms, sliced, 1 12 cups mixed veggies, such as raw spinach leaves and cooked broccoli and asparagus, 6 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 14 cups light cream, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 5 to 6 grinds black peppercorns, 12 cup grated Gruyere cheese, 14 cup grated white Cheddar, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Quiche Valerie, picturelink: st60XxzUKE5EQrBJ8IjaoLuiH8wG6a}, 13063: {instructions: Using a hand beater with a whisk attachment, beat the egg yolks and 14 cup of the sugar in a large bowl on mediumhigh speed until it forms thick ribbons, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the mascarpone and vanilla and continue to whisk on mediumhigh speed until smooth.nIn a stand mixer, beat the egg whites and remaining 14 cup sugar to mediumstiff peaks, then fold into the yolk and mascarpone mixture. Divide in half to use for both the beer version and hot chocolate version.nTo make the beer version for adults: Pour the beer into a bowl or shallow dish. Working 1 at a time, dip 8 ladyfingers in the beer, turning to coat. Make a layer of dipped ladyfingers on the bottom of an 8by8inch baking dish. Cover with a layer of the whipped mascarpone, then dip and layer 8 more ladyfingers and top with another layer of mascarpone. For a third time, dip and layer 8 more ladyfingers and top with the mascarpone mixture. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours.nFor the hot chocolate version: Pour the hot chocolate into a shallow dish. Working 1 at a time, dip 8 ladyfingers in the hot chocolate, turning to coat. Make a layer of dipped ladyfingers on the bottom of an 8by8inch baking dish. Cover with a layer of the whipped mascarpone, then dip and layer 8 more ladyfingers and top with another layer of mascarpone. For a third time, dip and layer the remaining 8 ladyfingers and top with the remaining mascarpone mixture. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours.nTop each of the desserts with 12 cup of the shaved chocolate before serving., ingredients: [8 large eggs, separated, 12 cup sugar, 1 pound mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 bottle pint chocolate stout beer, 48 ladyfingers, 2 cups hot chocolate, cooled, 1 cup shaved semisweet chocolate], title: Beeramisu and Kidamisu Desserts, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 13064: {instructions: Put the lamb in bowl. Using a box grater, grate the onion over the bowl so that the pulp of the onion and juices fall into the meat. Add the spices, chile pepper, egg, bread crumbs, salt and pepper, to taste, and mix to combine. Form the meat mixture into 4 patties, thinner at the middle and thicker at the edges for even cooking.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and coat with oil, or coat the burgers in oil and grill on outdoor grill. Cook the patties about 10 minutes, turning once.nWhile the patties cook, add the yogurt to a small bowl. Grate the garlic into the yogurt using a fine grater or zester. Add the mint and stir to combine.nChar the pitas over an open gas burner or outdoor grill.nEat the burgers in or on the pita bread topped with garlicmint yogurt, sliced red onion, and some shredded cabbage., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground lamb, 1 medium yellow onion, peeled, 1 teaspoons allspice, 13 palmful, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 palmful, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, eyeball it in your palm, 1 small red chile pepper, seeded and minced, 1 egg, lightly beaten, A handful plain bread crumbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup Greek yogurt, 1 large clove garlic, peeled, 14 cup mint leaves, minced, 4 large soft pitas, 12 red onion, peeled and sliced thinly, 12 small red cabbage, shredded], title: Lamb Burgers with Garlic Yogurt Sauce and Pita, picturelink: null}, 13065: {instructions: Special equipment: Three 6inch cake pans A plastic piping bag A multiopening decorating tip such as Wilton 233 optional Toothpicks Ablack edible marker or black candies and edible pink luster dust optionalnFor the moist vanilla cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease three 6inch cake pans with the butter. Combine the flour, granulated sugar, dry milk and baking powder in a large bowl. Mix well with a whisk until the dry ingredients are combined. While mixing on low with an electric mixer, add the oil, sour cream, vanilla extract and eggs. Lastly, add the instant pudding while simultaneously adding the warm water. Beat on medium speed for 2 minutes. Divide the batter among the prepared pans and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, 22 to 25 minutes. Allow the cakes to cool to room temperature before moving on. For the buttercream frosting: Beat the butter for a few minutes on medium speed, preferably using a stand mixer with the paddle attachment. On slow speed, gradually add the confectioners sugar 1 to 2 cups at a time, allowing each batch of sugar to incorporate with the butter before adding the next. Use less confectioners sugar for a slightly more buttery, looser frosting, or more confectioners sugar for a slightly sweeter, stiffer frosting. Increase the speed to medium and add the vanilla extract, cream and salt. Beat for an additional 3 minutes. To decorate: Before you start, fill a plastic piping bag with frosting. If you have a multiopening decorating tip, insert that into the end of the piping bag before adding the frosting. If not, just cut a very small hole at the end of the bag to allow the air to escape as you fill it. Tie the bag with a rubber band to close. Add the leftover frosting to a bowl. Since you will need only 2 of your 3 cakes to start, set 1 cake aside for later. Step 1: Cut 2 of the cakes in half from top to bottom to make 4 halfcircles. Leave 2 of the halfcircle pieces as is and carve the rounded top off the other 2 pieces using a serrated knife to make them level. Step 2: Set the pieces together on a cake plate cutsides down with the 2 level pieces in the center and the rounded pieces at each end with the rounded sides facing outward. With a spatula, add a light layer of frosting in between each piece. Step 3: Next, frost the entire cake. Dont worry about frosting it perfectly, as this layer will be covered up with more frosting later. Place the cake in the fridge to allow the frosting to set for at least 15 minutes. Step 4: While your cake is setting, use a serrated knife to carve off the darker thin exterior layer from the reserved third cake so that the cake is an even lighter color all around. Put the cake in a bowl and mix with a fork until it turns into fine crumbs. Add 2 to 3 large spoonfuls of frosting to the crumbs and continue to mix. Make sure you add enough frosting so that the mixture is pliable and able to be molded without crumbling. To test this, form a ball with the mixture in your hands. If it cracks, you need to add more frosting. Step 5: With your hands, mold the following: 1 large, rounded oval shape the head, 2 small, pointed oval pieces the ears and 4 small oval pieces the legs. Step 6: Attach the leg pieces to the body of the lamb, 2 at the front and 1 at each side. Use a small dab of frosting to secure the pieces in place.nNext, add a dollop of frosting to the back of the head and place it atop the cake, positioning the head at an angle. Add 2 toothpicks to the head piece to help hold it in place. Add a small dab of frosting on each side of the head for the ear pieces. If your head doesnt feel stable atop the body, add a thin layer of frosting around the side of the head for extra reinforcement. Place the cake back in the fridge for at least 10 minutes to allow the molded pieces to set into the frosting. Step 7: Next, pipe the frosting for the hair onto the cake, covering the body of the lamb and adding frosting around the top of the head. Use short, quick motions to pipe 14inchlong sections of frosting onto the cake. You want your frosting to be semistiff. If the frosting becomes too warm, it can start to appear a bit runny. If this happens, just place your piping bag back in the fridge for a few minutes to allow it to cool. Step 8: Use a toothpick to add facial details. Use a black edible marker or 2 small black candies for the eyes. If you have it, use just a touch of edible pink luster dust for the cheeks and any other accents youd like., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the cake pans, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup nonfat dry milk, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup sour cream, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, One 3.4ounce package instant vanilla pudding, 12 cup warm water, 3 cups 6 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 8 to 10 cups confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 teaspoon table salt], title: Easter Lamb Cake, picturelink: Ri8Uqfo.6g1DHMZBhEIRWrqCqfBUzCK}, 13066: {instructions: Bring the water to a boil in a heavy large saucepan. Add 2 teaspoons of salt. Gradually whisk in the cornmeal. Reduce the heat to low and cook until the mixture thickens and the cornmeal is tender, stirring often, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat. Add the cheese, milk, butter, parsley, rosemary, thyme, and pepper, and stir until the butter and cheese melt. Transfer the polenta to a bowl and serve., ingredients: [6 cups water, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 34 cups yellow cornmeal, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 34 cup whole milk, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Herbed Polenta, picturelink: null}, 13067: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Cream butter and sugars until fluffy. Add eggs and vanilla. Combine dry ingredients. Add to butter mixture and stir until well blended. Add dried cranberries. Drop by teaspoonful onto parchment covered baking sheet. Bake about 10 to 12 minutes, or until lightly golden. Cool., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, 34 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup brown sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon cardamon, 3 cups rolled oats, 1 cup dried cranberries or other dried fruit], title: Oatmeal Cranberry Cookies, picturelink: null}, 13068: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSpray a 9 by 9inch glass baking dish with nonstick spray and set aside.nIn a medium mixing bowl whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt and ground ginger. Set aside.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, with the paddle attachment, beat together the butter and sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy, approximately 1 minute. Add the egg and beat until well incorporated, approximately 30 seconds. Add 13 of the flour mixture and beat on low speed just until incorporated and then add 13 of the milk and beat until incorporated. Repeat, alternating flour and milk until everything has combined. Gently stir in the blueberries and pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish.nFor the topping: In a small bowl combine the sugar, flour and nutmeg. Add the butter and work into the dry ingredients using a fork to combine. Continue until the mixture has a crumblike texture. Sprinkle the mixture on top of the cake. Bake on the middle rack of the oven for 35 minutes or until golden in color. Cool for at least 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 9 ounces cake flour, approximately 2 cups, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature, 5 14 ounces sugar, approximately 34 cup, 1 large egg, 12 cup whole milk, 15 ounces fresh whole blueberries, approximately 3 cups, 3 12 ounces sugar, approximately 12 cup, 1 12 ounces cake flour, approximately 13 cup, 12 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 2 ounces unsalted butter, chilled and cubed], title: Blueberry Buckle, picturelink: r9WSr.NOgwO2Y9CbKtFij5fT.3nHcC}, 13069: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the crust, cream the butter and sugar until light in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Combine the flour and salt and, with the mixer on low, add to the butter until just mixed. Dump the dough onto a wellfloured board and gather into a ball. Flatten the dough with floured hands and press it into a 9 by 13 by 2inch baking sheet, building up a 12inch edge on all sides. Chill.nBake the crust for 15 to 20 minutes, until very lightly browned. Let cool on a wire rack. Leave the oven on.nFor the filling, whisk together the eggs, sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice, and flour. Pour over the crust and bake for 30 to 35 minutes, until the filling is set. Let cool to room temperature.nCut into triangles and dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [12 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 cups flour, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 extralarge eggs at room temperature, 3 cups granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons grated lemon zest 4 to 6 lemons, 1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 cup flour, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Lemon Bars, picturelink: 6xRZGI1zOoDc.BgSAHpPZhk3Bxtd6m}, 13070: {instructions: For the Tomato Broth: Sweat the onions, garlic and fennel over mediumhigh heat in extravirgin olive oil until translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the wine and let reduce by half over high heat, 5 minutes. Add the tomato juice and both stocks. Add the basil and reduce by half, 10 to 12 minutes. Strain the broth through a fine sieve and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nFor the Crostini: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and brush with extravirgin olive oil. Season the pan with salt and pepper. Place the bread slices on the baking sheet and season the bread with extravirgin olive oil, salt and pepper to taste. Sprinkle the bread with grated Parmesan cheese. Transfer the slices to the oven and bake until golden, about 5 minutes.nFor the Mussels: In a large pot over mediumhigh heat add 2 tablespoons butter and 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil. Add shaved garlic, shaved fennel, and shaved shallots. Saute until the vegetables are translucent. Add the mussels to the pot and cover with the tomato broth. Cover the pot and cook the mussels until they open, removing the mussels which open first and transferring to warm bowls. Reduce the broth by half. Add the chopped parsley, chopped basil, and chopped tomatoes. Add 2 tablespoons butter and season with salt and pepper. Spoon over the cooked mussels and serve with the Crostini., ingredients: [2 onions, diced, 2 bulbs fennel, diced, 2 heads garlic, peeled and crushed, 1 bottle white wine, 12 pound whole basil leaves, 4 pounds tomatoes, juiced, 2 quarts vegetable stock, 2 quarts shellfish stock, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 baguette, cut in half and sliced lengthwise into 14inch thick slices, Extravirgin olive oil, Cracked black peppercorn and sea salt to taste, Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, grated, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 pound Prince Edward Island mussels, washed and beards removed, 4 cloves garlic, shaved thin, 2 heads fennel, shaved thin, 4 shallots, thinly sliced, 2 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced, 2 tablespoons basil, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoon flat leaf parsley, chopped fine], title: Grappa Mussels, picturelink: null}, 13071: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBreak the eggs into a bowl and season with salt and pepper lightly beat with a fork. Heat a 10inch nonstick saute pan with 1 teaspoon unsalted butter. When butter begins to crackle pour in beaten eggs and cook for 10 seconds, just so the eggs begin to set on the bottom. Immediately scrape the sides towards the middle using a plastic utensil. Stir almost continuously until the omelet is cooked to your liking. Allow 2 minutes for a well cooked omelet. To roll the omelet, flip one half over toward the middle, while tilting the pan. Add the filling of your choice and continue rolling omelet over itself. Roll the omelet on to a serving plate. Make a slit with a paring knife to expose some of the filling and drizzle some melted butter on top, if desired. Chefs Note: To serve a makeyourown omelet bar, make omelets to order and offer toppings: Spinaci alla Padella, Grilled Red Onions, Salami Bits, Caponata and a selection of cheeses.nBring 1 gallon of water to boil in a large pot with 2 12 tablespoons kosher salt. Add the spinach, pushing it down into the water with a skimmer, and immediately remove it to a bowl of ice water. Drain the spinach once cooled dont leave it in for too long and squeeze out the water. Divide spinach into 4 sections and compress each into a ball each ball will be about 1 cup and they can be wrapped in plastic and refrigerated for up to a day. Cut each ball in half and then in half again to chop up the spinach. Place 14 cup of the oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the garlic to the pan and shake the pan often, for about 1 minute or until the garlic is lightly browned. Add the spinach and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste. It will seem dry. Remove the spinach to a bowl, sprinkle with a little olive oil and garnish with lemon wedges. Variations: Try adding some chopped anchovy with the garlic. For creamed spinach: substitute butter for half of the oil and add 1 cup of heavy whipping cream as you cook the spinach. Yield: 4 servingsnPreheat a grill or a grill pan. Lightly brush the onion slices with olive oil. Place on the grill and cook about 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and chop into bitesized pieces or serve whole. Yield: about 3 cupsnHeat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Place salami in heated pan. Drizzle salami with olive oil, and cook, stirring. The salami will give off steam in about 5 minutes while it releases its moisture. When the hiss of steam turns to a sizzle, turn the heat down to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until the salami bits are crisp, about 15 to 20 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the bits to several thicknesses of paper towel to drain. The bits will crisp even more as they cool. Use immediately or freeze the bits for up to 6 months and warm in a skillet, as needed. Yield: 1 poundnIn a very hot pan, separately cook the vegetables over a mediumhigh flame with a bit of the olive oil. Cook the onions and the garlic together in the same pan in a little more oil. Set all cooked vegetables aside in a large bowl. Make the agrodolce: Combine vinegar and sugar in a small saucepan and reduce by half over mediumhigh heat for 3 to 4 minutes. While vegetables are still warm, combine with the roasted peppers, olives, and capers. Pour the agrodolce vinegar over the vegetable mixture and toss to coat. Add salt and pepper to taste. Add the chopped herbs and marinara sauce and stir. Serve the caponata at room temperature. Yield: 10 to 12 servings, ingredients: [3 large eggs per person, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, per omelet, Melted butter, optional, Spinaci alla Padella, recipe follows, Grilled Red Onions, recipe follows, Salami Bits, recipe follows, Caponata Agrodolce, recipe follows, 2 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 4 10ounce bags spinach, washed, big stems removed, or 12 cups raw, roughly torn mustard greens about 2 pounds, About 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Lemon wedges, 2 red onions, peeled and sliced 12 inch thick, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound salami, very finely minced or ground with the medium blade of a meat grinder, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup olive oil, for frying, plus more if needed, 3 medium eggplants, cut into small dice, 3 small green zucchini, quartered and cut into 14inch pieces, 3 small yellow squash, quartered and cut into 14inch pieces, 2 onions, chopped 14inch pieces, 6 celery ribs, cut into 14inch slices, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 12 cups red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup roasted red peppers, thinly sliced, 1 cup kalamata olives, pitted and chopped, 1 cup capers, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 cups prepared marinara sauce], title: Chiarellos Classic Omelet Technique, picturelink: aFNFbNCOWZ4DHMxfverHg.V7az1xRq}, 13072: {instructions: Make Classic Mash. Brown 4 tablespoons butter with 12 cup chopped walnuts, 2 tablespoons each chopped rosemary and parsley, and 12 teaspoon salt add a pinch of sugar. Crumble blue cheese over the mash drizzle with the browned butter.nClassic Mashed Potatoes Cover 2 pounds whole russet or Yukon gold potatoes with cold salted water simmer 45 minutes. Drain, peel and mash with 12 to 1 stick butter. Add 1 cup hot milk, and salt and pepper mash until smooth and fluffy.nSee all 50 easy mashed potato recipesnPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [], title: Blue CheeseWalnut Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: 9NJVI8i7DZI0lTQtrmfJYhYDh65uAO}, 13073: {instructions: Whisk the lime juice, fish sauce, 1 tablespoon of the soy sauce and brown sugar in a large bowl until the sugar dissolves. Add the cilantro, scallions and chiles set aside.nHeat the chicken stock in a large skillet over medium heat until steaming but just below a simmer. Add the pork and the remaining teaspoon soy sauce, and cook, breaking into pieces with a spoon not too small, until the meat is just cooked through and no longer pink, about 6 minutes. Add the ginger and garlic, and remove from the heat. Combine the chicken mixture with the lime mixture until well coated. Let sit for at least 15 minutes while the flavors combine.nTo assemble, put 1 to 2 tablespoons of the chicken filling in the center of each lettuce leaf. Top with chopped peanuts, shredded carrots and chopped cilantro. Strain the remaining liquid from the filling, and serve on the side., ingredients: [3 tablespoons lime juice from about 4 limes, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons light brown sugar, 13 cup fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, plus more for serving, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 small red jalapeno or Fresno chile, thinly sliced, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 pound ground pork or chicken, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large head Bibb or romaine lettuce, separated into 15 large leaves, Chopped roasted salted peanuts, for serving, Shredded carrots, for serving], title: Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: pYZPJqQuEkPifj2UmnaD2L9Fy1hHu}, 13074: {instructions: Wash and peel potatoes. In a large food processor, fitted with the shredding disc, shred the potatoes. Transfer to a large bowl and season with salt and pepper, tossing mixture with a fork.nIn a 9 to 9 12inch nonstick skillet heat 1 tablespoon butter and 12 tablespoon oil over moderate heat until foam subsides. Add potatoes, spreading them evenly and tamping them down with a rubber spatula to form an even cake. Reduce heat to moderately low and cook rosti until underside is golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes.nSlide rosti onto a large plate. Invert another large plate over rosti and invert rosti onto it. Browned side of rosti should be on top. In skillet heat remaining tablespoon butter and 12 tablespoon oil over moderately low heat until foam subsides. Slide rosti back into skillet, browned side up, and cook until underside is golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Slide rosti onto a serving plate and cut into wedges., ingredients: [1 pound medium moisture, yellowfleshed potatoes, such as Yukon Gold, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Shredded Potato Cake: Rosti, picturelink: null}, 13075: {instructions: Preheat oven to 360 degrees F.nDivide each biscuit into 4 pieces and roll each piece into a ball. Add to hot oil and fry until golden brown. Remove the nuggets to a paper towel lined plate to soak up some of the oil.nIn a large paper bag combine the cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, and powdered sugar. Add the nuggets to the bag and shake to coat. Place the warm nuggets onto a platter.nIn a small bowl add the powdered sugar and slowly pour in the milk until the glaze is smooth and at the desired consistency. Drizzle the glaze over the nuggets and serve., ingredients: [1 package storebought biscuits, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, Sugar glaze:, 1 cup powdered sugar, 12 cup milk], title: Do Nuggets, picturelink: 3r7kH3RTVP5EoNAMMjtGlFFyA.tVAS}, 13076: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a pot of water to a boil, add salt, to taste. Blanch the spinach in the water for a few seconds, then transfer spinach in a strainer to a bowl of iced water to stop the cooking. Squeeze excess water out of the spinach, and chop roughly.nHeat butter in a saucepan. Add the flour and cook into a light tan color, making a blonde roux. Add the onions and cook for 1 minute, then add the milk, nutmeg, salt, and pepper, and whisk to remove any lumps from the roux. Bring to a simmer and cook for about 6 minutes.nCombine the spinach, bechamel, and adjust seasonings. Fill 6 to 8 4ounce gratin dishes with the creamed spinach. Mix the cheese and breadcrumbs, and scatter over top of gratin. Put the gratins in the oven, and cook until bubbling and golden on top, about 25 to 30 mintues., ingredients: [6 bunches fresh spinach, stems removed, and washed, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 medium red onion, small diced, 2 cups milk, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, freshly grated, Kosher salt, Fresh ground pepper, 1 12 cups Gruyere, grated, 1 12 cups fresh bread crumbs], title: Individual Fresh Spinach Gratins, picturelink: null}, 13077: {instructions: Combine yolks with oil and beer. Gradually stir this into flour it should be thick enough to stick to the food and beat until very smooth with a few swift strokes. Rest batter, covered, in refrigerator for 3 hours at least so it ferments a bit. Get oil to right temperature. Beat egg whites until stiff and fold into batter. Dip the onions or mushrooms in the batter and fry., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 egg yolks, lightly beaten, 34 cup flat beer, 1 13 cups flour mixed with 1 teaspoon salt and pinch pepper, 2 stiffly beaten egg whites, optional], title: Fritter Batter, picturelink: null}, 13078: {instructions: Make a paste with the garlic and 14 teaspoon of the salt by crushing them with the side of a chefs knife. In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the garlic, mayonnaise, chili sauce, ketchup, onion, relish and egg until combined. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Use now or store covered in the refrigerator for up to 2 days., ingredients: [12 clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon kosher salt plus more to taste, 34 cup prepared or homemade mayonnaise, 14 cup bottled chili sauce, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 12 tablespoons minced onion, 2 teaspoons sweet pickle relish, 12 hardcooked large egg, pushed through a sieve or finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Thousand Island Dressing, picturelink: so2v82lLlM8keVzICBgtEGoeobh8JB.}, 13079: {instructions: Puree the raspberries, juice and sugar in a food processor until smooth. Pour through a mesh strainer into a bowl and discard the raspberry seeds. Stir in the buttermilk, cream and a pinch of salt, then cover and refrigerate until cold, about 1 hour.nTransfer the mixture to an ice cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturers instructions. Transfer to an airtight container and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours. Serve sprinkled with pepper.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [6 cups raspberries 4 to 5 pints, 14 cup 100 grape or apple juice, 1 cup superfine sugar, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 14 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly cracked pepper], title: Raspberry Buttermilk Sherbet, picturelink: NRY9rNamrPqsdKUeePLmyDgVmS2sAY2}, 13080: {instructions: Place the bread crumbs in a large bowl. Cover with milk and soak for 2 minutes. Add the onion, the beaten egg, ground beef, lime juice, ketchup, garlic powder, salt, and paprika and work the ingredients together with your hands or a wooden spoon just until combined. Form the mixture into 12 small 1inch thick patties and refrigerate them for at least 45 minutes or up to 8 hours.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add about 12 of the burgers and brown them on each side, flipping with spatula, 5 to 7 minutes. Set the fritas on the rolls and cook the remaining burgers. Serve with generous amounts of ketchup., ingredients: [1 12 cups dried bread crumbs, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons whole milk, 1 large yellow onion, grated on the largehole side of a box grater, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 pounds lean ground beef, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice from about 1 lime, 3 tablespoons ketchup, plus extra for serving, 3 garlic cloves, finely minced, 1 tablespoon salt, 34 teaspoon paprika, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 mini hamburger rolls or Cuban rolls], title: Mini Cuban Burgers Fritas, picturelink: wzzopPDme.ywLrcbyDPtIQrvEG.S1wi}, 13081: {instructions: Heat the groundnut oil in a wok, and when hot, stirfry the ginger, chiles, mushrooms and turmeric for a few seconds. Add the bacon, and cook for less than 1 minute. Add the red bell pepper, carrots, and bean sprouts and cook for another minute, then add the cooked chicken, and stir well to combine.nAdd the noodles, and stirfry well, for 2 minutes, then season with the chiles, soy sauce, oyster sauce and vinegar. Stir to combine.nAdd in the beaten egg, stirring gently until the egg is cooked through, less than 1 minute. Then, season with the sesame oil. Sprinkle over the spring onions, and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons groundnut oil peanut, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 1 red chile, seeded and finely chopped, 5 fresh shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 2 tablespoons ground turmeric, 3 12 ounces diced smoked bacon, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced, 1 handful julienned carrot strips, 1 handful bean sprouts, 3 12 ounces cooked chicken breast, shredded, 9 ounces dried vermicelli rice noodles, presoaked in hot water for 10 minutes and drained, 1 teaspoon crushed dried chiles, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon clear rice vinegar or cider vinegar, 1 egg, beaten, Dash toasted sesame oil, 2 spring onions green, sliced lengthwise], title: SingaporeStyle Noodles, picturelink: null}, 13082: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRub the salt into the meat very well. Coat the meat with the flour.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large castiron Dutch oven and sear the roast on all sides. Transfer the roast to a platter and scrape the pan to loosen the drippings. Add the French onion and mushroom soups and 3 34 cups water to the pan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Return the roast and its juices to the pan, cover and cook until the meat is tender, about 3 hours. Remove the roast to a platter or cutting board to rest.nSlice and serve with the pan gravy., ingredients: [2 to 3 tablespoons salt, One 3pound eye of round beef roast, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Two 10ounce cans French onion soup, One 10ounce can condensed mushroom soup, such as Campbells Golden Mushroom], title: Cordelias Roast Beef, picturelink: qP2k4DWmCSYOwd7895dSGBVWmLlU0Ne}, 13083: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix yeast, sugar, salt and 14 cup warm water. Let stand 5 minutes until foamy. In a mixer with a dough hook, mix flour and five spice powder. While mixer is running, slowly pour in yeast mixture, oils and the rest of the water knead on low speed for 8 to 10 minutes. Stop mixer when the dough forms a smooth and firm ball. Divide dough into 6 balls and place on sheet tray lined with parchment paper. Cover with a cloth and place in a warm part of the kitchen let balls double in size, about 2 hours. Working on a floured surface with floured hands, take one ball and spread out with your fingers to about 5 inches in diameter. Take a floured rolling pin and roll out to a little less than a 14inch thick. The final diameter will be 8 to 10 inches. On a low grill, brush on a little canola oil and mark one side. Brush oil on the raw side and flip. Immediately place toppings and cover with a lid to help retain the heat and assist the cheese melting process. Carefully watch the pizza. If the grill is too hot, the bottom will burn before the pizza is ready. If this occurs, you can place the pizza on a tray and use the broiler of an oven to finish the melting.nIn a bowl, mix scallions, chicken, hoisin, ginger and sambal. Season with salt and pepper. Top raw pie with mix then top with cheese. Bake at 375 degrees for 15 minutes. Because of the raw chicken, we bake it for longer at a lower temperature. Make sure the chicken is fully cooked. Garnish with scallions., ingredients: [1 package yeast or 2 teaspoons fresh yeast, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 cup warm water, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon five spice powder, 1 12 tablespoons canola oil, 12 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 34 cups warm water, 2 cups sliced scallions, save 2 tablespoons for garnish, 2 cups diced dark chicken meat, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon sambal oelek, 2 cups grated mozzarella, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Grandma Lees Hoisin Chicken Pizza, picturelink: null}, 13084: {instructions: Wash lemons under warm water. Roll them on the countertop with the palm of your hand to get them ready for juicing. Cut the lemons in half through their bellies. Juice lemons using either your hands or a juicer, reserving 2 lemon halves. Add the lemon juice to a pitcher. Add sugar and water and stir until sugar has completely dissolved. Add ice cubes and the reserved lemon halves., ingredients: [8 lemons, 12 cup superfine sugar, plus more to taste, 5 cups water, Ice cubes], title: The Best Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 13085: {instructions: Slowly cook salt pork in a skillet until fat is rendered strain off fat drippings. Pour fat drippings and butter into a large stockpot cook over low heat until butter is melted. Add onions, celery, and garlic to the pot cook on mediumhigh heat until the vegetables are transparent. Add flour, stir and cook for about 5 minutes. Then add chopped clams, diced potatoes, clam juice and milk bring to a boil. Simmer and stir for 15 to 20 minutes. When stirring, flavor with celery salt and hot sauce. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and allow to cool slightly. Serve, garnished with chopped parsley., ingredients: [13 cup cubed salt pork, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 4 ribs celery, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 8 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 cups chopped clams, with their juices, 3 to 4 chef potatoes, peeled and diced, 10 ounces clam juice, 3 cups milk or halfandhalf, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 5 dashes hot sauce, Salt and pepper, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Ropewalk New England Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 13086: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 wooden skewersnBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the noodles according to the package directions for al dente. Drain the noodles, then transfer to a large bowl and toss with the sesame oil. Set the noodles aside.nIn a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, ginger, garlic, and chiles. Add the cubed chicken to the marinade, toss gently to coat the chicken. Cover the bowl and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nFor the dressing: In a small saucepan, whisk together the peanut butter, ginger, garlic, sugar, rice vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil, and chile oil, and bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat.nPour the warm dressing over the cooked noodles, and toss to coat evenly. Set the noodles aside until ready to serve.nIn a heavy skillet, heat the grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat, when the skillet just begins to smoke, add the chicken cubes and sear on all sides until they are browned. Saute the chicken cubes over medium heat until they are fully cooked, about 5 minutes.nThread the chicken pieces and orange segments alternately on the skewers.nTo serve the skewers, toss the noodles with the diced chile peppers and chopped cilantro. Sprinkle the chicken skewers with the sliced green onions. Serve the noodles with the chicken skewers and enjoy hot or cold, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound udon noodles or linguine pasta, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 14 cup light soy sauce, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 Thai chiles, halved lengthwise, and seeds removed, 4 chicken breasts, cut into bitesize cubes, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 teaspoon chile oil, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 orange, rind removed, flesh segmented, 2 Thai chiles diced, seeds removed, 1 small bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 bunch spring onions, thinly sliced], title: Spicy Thai Noodles with Ginger Peanut Dressing, picturelink: hhv43FWXkIn2dexO2ZHXG0nPrsiomaa}, 13087: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Scrub the potatoes. Pat dry with paper towels. Bake potatoes for 45 minutes. Remove from oven and place on a cutting board. Let cool for 30 minutes. Slice each potato lengthwise, cutting off the top quarter. Scoop out the pulp to form the boat. Put the pulp into a large bowl and add sour cream, scallions, basil, tomatoes and rosemary. Mix together until you have a smooth texture. Stuff each potato with stuffing. Sprinkle with cheddar cheese and parsley. Place in covered barbecue and cook for another 15 minutes. Remove with barbecue tongs to serving tray and serve hot., ingredients: [4 pounds large firm potatoes about 10, One 12ounce container sour cream, 12 cup chopped green scallion onions, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 3 Italian tomatoes, chopped, 1 rosemary sprig, chopped, 12ounces cheddar cheese, grated, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Twice Baked Potatoes, picturelink: i1DhtDdhJy3VU2ubxP8XrW4a06vB7nu}, 13088: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the butter in a large saute pan and place in the oven to melt.nMeanwhile, in a blender, combine the eggs, flour, hot milk, 1 tablespoon sugar, vanilla extract, and pinch of salt, and blend on mediumhigh speed until uniform. Cooks Note: If mixing by hand, combine the eggs with the milk until the mixture is light yellow and no longer stringy, about 1 minute. Add the flour, sugar, vanilla, and pinch of salt, and whisk vigorously to remove the lumps, about 30 seconds.nCarefully, remove the hot pan from the oven. The butter should be melted. Swirl the butter around the pan to coat completely, and then pour the remaining butter into the batter and whisk to blend. Pour the batter into the hot pan and return the pan to the oven. Cook the pancake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the pancake is puffed in the center, and golden brown along the edges.nWhile the Dutch baby bakes, in a small bowl combine the fresh blueberries, 1 teaspoon sugar, and lemon zest. Stir to coat, and set aside to marinate.nUsing a spatula, remove the entire Dutch baby from the pan and place on a cooling rack for a few minutes to allow the steam to escape without condensing along the bottom and rendering the pancake soggy. Slice the pancake into wedges on a serving platter or cutting board and sprinkle with the confectioners sugar through a sieve. Serve with the marinated blueberries., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 3 eggs, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup milk, heated 20 to 30 seconds in the microwave, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 1 pint fresh or frozen blueberries, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon zest, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar], title: Vanilla Dutch Baby Puffed Pancake, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 13089: {instructions: Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Add the basil to the boiling water and cook until just wilted and bright green, about 15 seconds. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a blender and puree until smooth. With the machine running, add the olive oil and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper.nSpread the basil puree on a serving platter. Arrange the peaches and tomatoes on top and sprinkle with the lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon pepper. Garnish with whole basil leaves and serve., ingredients: [2 cups fresh basil leaves, plus small leaves, for garnish, 2 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ripe but firm yellow peaches, cut into wedges, 4 tomatoes, preferably a mix of large heirloom tomatoes, cored and cut into wedges, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Tomato Peach Salad with Basil, picturelink: p9yj4MvkE7lCTeRKBBcYn2D9I.QmPgu}, 13090: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine mayonnaise, vinegar and 2 tablespoons liquid from mandarin orange can. Add jicama, red cabbage and mandarin oranges. Toss to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [13 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 11ounce can mandarin oranges, drained and liquid reserved, 2 cups shredded jicama, 2 cups shredded red cabbage, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Jicama Citrus Slaw, picturelink: null}, 13091: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the blackeyed peas, pepper stir fry, corn, garlic, hot sauce, Cajun seasoning and honey mustard dressing. Stir to make sure everything is evenly coated. Cover and keep in the refrigerator until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 15ounce can blackeyed peas, rinsed and drained, 116ounce bag frozen pepper stir fry, thawed and chopped recommended: Birds Eye, 2 cups frozen corn kernels, thawed, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, 13 cup honey mustard dressing], title: Corn and BlackEyed Pea Salad, picturelink: null}, 13092: {instructions: Season the pork with salt. Mix the rice wine and 1 teaspoon ginger and spread on the pork. Stack the pork and set aside.nPeel, quarter and seed the cucumbers cut into 4inch spears. Toss with the sugar and vinegar. Toast the pepper flakes with 1 tablespoon salt in a skillet over medium heat, about 4 minutes set aside.nBeat the eggs with 12 cup water in a shallow bowl. Put the panko and cornstarch in 2 separate shallow bowls. Dredge each piece of pork in cornstarch, dip in egg, then coat with the panko. Heat 14 inch of peanut oil in a large skillet over high heat. Fry the pork in batches until golden, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Drain on a papertowellined plate.nSprinkle the cucumbers with some of the spiced salt. Mix the tonkatsu sauce and the remaining 12 teaspoon ginger in a bowl. Serve the pork with the cucumbers and sauce.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound thincut boneless pork chops or cutlets, trimmed, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine, sake or sherry, 1 12 teaspoons finely grated peeled ginger, 2 medium cucumbers, 12 to 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 teaspoons rice wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 3 large eggs, 2 cups panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 34 cup cornstarch, Peanut oil, for frying, 14 cup tonkatsu sauce a sweetspicy Japanese dipping sauce, sold near the soy sauce or make your own by mixing 2 tablespoons each ketchup, Worcestershire sauce and sugar with 1 tablespoon water.], title: JapaneseStyle Crispy Pork, picturelink: gWTAh5w0b1WmAK6LTfWwwcvbZHNPqz6}, 13093: {instructions: In a 3quart saucepan bring water and salt to a boil and stir in couscous. Immediately remove pan from heat and let couscous stand, covered, 5 minutes.nCut medium tomato into quarters and in a blender puree with mustard and vinegar until smooth. With motor running add oil in a slow stream. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Halve the cherry tomatoes and toss them with the couscous and torn basil leaves. Dress with the vinaigrette and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup couscous, 1 medium vineripened tomato, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pints vineripened red and yellow cherry tomatoes about 23 pound, 14 cup packed fresh basil leaves], title: Couscous and Cherry Tomato Salad with Basil, picturelink: null}, 13094: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium pot heat 1 tablespoon of the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes with their juices, oregano, 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Bring to a simmer and continue to cook until the tomatoes soften and the sauce thickens, 20 minutes, breaking up the tomatoes with a spoon as they soften. Reserve 23 cup of the sauce for assembling the lasagna and set the rest aside.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the mushrooms. Cook until the mushrooms have released their liquid, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the sausage and continue to cook, breaking the sausage up with a spoon, until the sausage is browned and cooked through, another 10 minutes. Add the tomato sauce and stir to combine.nThinly slice about a quarter of the mozzarella and set aside grate the rest on a box grater. Combine the grated cheese with the ricotta and the egg. Spread the reserved 23 cup tomato sauce in the bottom of a 9by13inch baking dish. Top with 1 pasta sheet, a third of the ricotta mixture and a third of the meat sauce. Repeat with the remaining pasta, ricotta and meat sauce. Cover with foil and bake until the sauce is bubbling around the edges and the pasta is tender, about 45 minutes. Remove the foil, top with the sliced mozzarella and continue to bake until the cheese is melted, 15 minutes more. Let stand for 20 minutes and sprinkle with chopped parsley before serving with a green salad and some garlic bread., ingredients: [1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, One 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, lightly crushed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Two 4ounce packages mixed mushrooms, coarsely chopped, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, removed from casings, 1 pound mozzarella cheese, Two 15ounce containers ricotta cheese, 1 large egg, 3 fresh lasagna sheets about 7 ounces, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Serving suggestions: Green salad and garlic bread], title: Sausage and Mixed Mushroom Lasagna, picturelink: z0MGPSRzy.OxWWAg3mIYxQiCkpOiOu}, 13095: {instructions: Select 4 to 6 outer radicchio leaves that form a natural cup and set aside. Cut the remaining radicchio head into strips, you should have about 1 12 cups.nMix the lamb with the onion, garlic, ginger, chili flakes, hoisin sauce and salt and pepper, to taste. Heat a wok or large skillet over high heat. When really hot, add the peanut oil, and stirfry the lamb until it is cooked. Add the plum wine and red bell pepper, and cook for another minute or two. Adjust seasoning, if necessary.nFill radicchio cups equally with radicchio strips. Spoon the lamb mixture into the cups and garnish with fresh mint leaves., ingredients: [1 head radicchio or iceberg lettuce, 1 pound finely ground lamb, 12 onion, chopped, 5 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped ginger, 1 teaspoon chili flakes, 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 14 cup plum wine or port wine, 1 red bell pepper, finely chopped, Mint leaves, for garnish], title: StirFried Lamb in Radicchio Leaves, picturelink: null}, 13096: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: 50 Stuffing Recipes, picturelink: null}, 13097: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a very large pot threequarters full with water and bring to a boil. Add the collard greens to the water and make sure they are all well submerged. Return the water to a boil and simmer until the greens are tender and bright green, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain the greens and run under cold water to stop the cooking. Drain the greens well, squeezing out excess water with your hands or by placing in a kitchen towel and squeezing. Chop the greens finely and set aside.nMelt the butter in a skillet or Dutch oven large enough to hold all of the greens. Add the garlic and shallots and cook over medium heat until softened but not browned, 4 to 6 minutes. Add the cream and bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally. Cook until reduced by half, about 25 minutes  watch carefully as the cream can quickly boil over Add the greens and toss until warmed through. Season generously with nutmeg, salt and pepper. Add to a serving dish and sprinkle with the Parmesan., ingredients: [4 bunches collard greens, tough stems and ribs removed, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 3 large shallots, minced, 2 cups heavy cream, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Creamed Collard Greens, picturelink: DdSKdPsMgnBj5U8U8.bFBY5geeI9qW}, 13098: {instructions: Sprinkle the gelatins in a 9 by 13 glassbaking dish and slowly stir in the boiling water. Cool to room temperature, then refrigerate approximately 30 minutes or just until gelatin begins to set. If the gelatin sets, you wont be able to stir in the goodies.nMeanwhile, in a medium size bowl, combine the canned pineapple and its juice, with the pecans and the whole cranberry sauce. Add mixture to slightly thickened gelatin and stir until thoroughly combined. Return to refrigerator until firmly set. Cover with plastic wrap until ready to serve.nDont substitute with lowsugar or sugarfree. Neither will set properly., ingredients: [1 small package orange flavored gelatin, 1 small package lemon flavored gelatin, 2 12 cups boiling water, 1 small can pineapple bits with juice, 12 cup toasted, chopped pecans, 1 can whole cranberry sauce], title: Alton Brown Ma Maes Congealed Christmas Salad, picturelink: null}, 13099: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRip off 4 pieces of parchment to form packets each about 12inches long. Season fish with salt and pepper. Place a piece of parchment in a shallow dish then in the center of the paper stack 14 of the scallions and shiitakes, layer with slices of ginger and garlic and top with fish. Combine the honey, vinegar and tamari and pour 14 of the sauce over fish. Fold over the top of the parchment then roll the sides in to form a sealed pouch. Repeat with remaining parchment and ingredients. Arrange the pouches on a baking sheet and roast in hot oven 12 to 14 minutes., ingredients: [Parchment paper, 4 6 to 7ounce portions sea bass, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch scallions, cut into 3inch pieces on an angle, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, 3 to 4inch knob ginger, peeled and thinly sliced, 4 large cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons tamari sauce], title: GingerGarlic Fish in Parchment, picturelink: PfrcEBRugiNb8QxDWdcdVEOrkdV8Wlq}, 13100: {instructions: Cover the work space with parchment paper and the floor with newspaper.nPlace the sugar, 12 cup water, and corn syrup in a heavybottomed saucepan, over low heat. Stir occasionally until sugar is dissolved. Raise heat to high and bring mixture to a boil. Continue cooking until the temperature registers 310 degrees hardcrack stage on a candy thermometer. Remove from heat, and briefly plunge the saucepan into ice water to stop the cooking. Let stand to thicken slightly, about 1 minute. Dip a whisk or fork into the sugar syrup and wave back and forth over apple to draw out long, fine, threadlike strands. Gather the ends of the strands to form a weblike shape around each apple., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon corn syrup, McIntosh apples], title: Spun Sugar Caramel Apples, picturelink: null}, 13101: {instructions: In a medium nonstick pan, dissolve the cinnamon candies in water over low heat. Peel, core and cut the apples in 12 lengthwise. Once the candy has dissolved arrange the apples, flat side down, in the pan. Cook on low to medium heat until the apples are tender turning often, about for about 45 minutes. The apples should be the color of the candy. When ready transfer to a serving platter and let cool.nOnce apples have cooled dollop 1 teaspoon of the Cream Cheese Topping on each apple. Garnish with a small piece of fresh parsley or a fresh mint leaf. Refrigerate until serving.nAdd all the ingredients to a small bowl and thoroughly combine with a handheld mixer. Topping should be stiff. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [12 cup water, 1 cup cinnamon candies recommended: Red Hots, 6 small red apples, Cream Cheese Topping, recipe follows, Freshly parsley or mint leaves, for garnish, 2 ounces cream cheese, 1 cup powdered sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise], title: Donnas Candied Apples, picturelink: null}, 13102: {instructions: With tweezers or pliers, pull out the intermuscular bones of salmon. In a nonreactive dish glass, porcelain, enamel or stainless large enough to accommodate the salmon without crowding, scatter half of the sliced onions and sprinkle half of the dill on the onions. In a small mixing bowl combine the salt, sugar, peppercorns and juniper berries and mix them well. Rub half of this mixture into the flesh side of the salmon and spoon rub half the juice and vanilla on the flesh set the salmon, flesh side down on the dill and onions. Rub remaining salt mixture into skin side of salmon and remaining lemon juice mixture over that. Lay remaining dill on salmon, then cover with last of onion slices. Cover with plastic wrap, then weigh the salmon down with bricks, small iron skillets or canned goods. Cover the dish and weights with aluminum and refrigerate for 2 to 3 days. During the marination time, spoon the juices the salmon give off and marinade back over the salmon. After 2 to 3 days, or when ready to serve, remove salmon from the marinade and scrape off dill and onions from skin side, but leave it on for garnish from flesh side.nTo make sauce, mix two mustards, sugar and vinegar until pasty. With a wire whisk, slowly beat in oil until it forms a thick mayonnaise like mixture. Stir in chopped dill.nFor the assembly: Slice salmon as thinly as possible on diagonal toward tail and serve with mustard sauce. Or set slices of salmon with a dab of mustard sauce on black bread for hors doeuvres., ingredients: [56 pound side of boneless filet of salmon, skin left on, 2 red onions, sliced wafer thin, bunch fresh dill, leaves pulled off the stem, chopped, 14 cup salt, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup green peppercorns, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon juniper berries, lightly crushed, juice of 2 lemons mixed with 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 cup dark prepared mustard, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 13 cup sugar, 14 cup white cider vinegar, 23 cup vegetable oil, 13 cup chopped fresh dill], title: Gravlax and Mustard Sauce, picturelink: null}, 13103: {instructions: In the top of a double boiler, or in a metal bowl set over a pot of simmering water make sure the water does not touch the bowl, melt the chocolate, stirring until it is smooth. Set the melted chocolate aside to cool for a few minutes while you prepare the rest of the ingredients.nIn a bowl whisk together the goat cheese, sugar, and vanilla until it is light and fluffy. Whisk in the melted chocolate until it is well combined. Chill, covered, until it is firm, at least 1 hour.nTo form the truffles, take a heaping teaspoon of the chocolatecheese mixture and lightly roll it into a ball with your hands. Roll the finished truffles in the sifted cocoa powder, set them onto a baking sheet lined with waxed paper, and chill until they are firm, about 30 minutes. The truffles can be stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 3 days., ingredients: [6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 6 ounces fresh mild goat cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup sweetened cocoa powder, sifted], title: Chocolate Goat Cheese Truffles, picturelink: null}, 13104: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, prepare your favorite waffle mix according to package directions.nPreheat waffle iron according to manufacturers guidelines. Lightly spray the waffle iron with nonstick spray. Using a 4ounce ladle or 12 cup measure, ladle batter for waffle into the iron, spreading evenly. Close the waffle iron and cook for 2 minutes or until waffles are golden and the steaming stops. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve with Whipped Cream and Blueberry Syrup.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, combine butter, blueberries, sugar and lemon. Stir gently until the berries break down and release their natural juice. The consistency should remain a bit chunky. Serve hot over waffles.nUsing a handheld electric beater on high speed, beat the cream in a chilled stainless steel bowl until it begins to thicken.nAdd sugar and vanilla. Continue to beat until the cream forms stiff peaks. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [1 tablespoons butter, 1 pint blueberries, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 cup heavy cream, chilled, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon natural vanilla extract], title: Belgian Waffles, picturelink: null}, 13105: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nStir together the rolled oats, chia seeds, almonds, cherries, coconut flakes, both types of raisins, the sunflower seeds, walnuts, maple syrup, cinnamon and vanilla in a large bowl. Pour onto the prepared baking sheet and season with salt.nBake, stirring after 15 minutes, until the nuts are golden brown, about 30 minutes total. Let cool and add to your favorite yogurt, ingredients: [1 12 cups rolled oats, 12 cup black chia seeds, 14 cup sliced almonds, 14 cup dried cherries, 14 cup coconut flakes, 14 cup golden raisins, 14 cup raisins, 14 cup sunflower seeds, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 14 cup maple syrup, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Kosher salt, Yogurt, for serving], title: Energized Granola with Chia Seeds, picturelink: yzoGFtss7LumqiPKJu3Uc2iIYWSzT2}, 13106: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the shrimp cakes: Heat the vegetable oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, shallots and carrots. Cook, stirring frequently, until the carrots begins to soften, 6 to 7 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a food processor. Add the shrimp, breadcrumbs, egg, lemon zest, salt and pepper. Pulse until combined but still chunky. Form the mixture into 15 patties, each 2 inches in diameter and 12inch thick, using damp hands. Place on a plastic wraplined baking sheet and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nFor the ginger butter: Mix together the butter, ginger and soy sauce in a medium bowl, using a rubber spatula, until combined. Place the mixture on a piece of plastic wrap. Fold the plastic wrap over and form the mixture into a log about 7 inches long and 1inch in diameter. Refrigerate until firm, at least 30 minutes. When ready to serve, slice the butter into 14inchthick pieces.nHeat the vegetable oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the patties and cook until golden, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Cook the remaining patties, adding extra oil if needed. Serve the shrimp cakes while still warm with a slice of ginger butter on top., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable olive oil, 5 large button mushrooms, stemmed, chopped into 14inch pieces about 4 ounces, 2 large shallots, minced, 1 medium carrot, diced into 14inch pieces, 1 pound extralarge shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 tablespoons plain breadcrumbs, 1 large egg, Zest of 12 large lemon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, One 12inchlong piece fresh gingerroot, peeled and finely grated about 4 teaspoons, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 14 cup vegetable oil, plus extra as needed], title: Mini Shrimp Cakes with Ginger Butter, picturelink: Q6zki8nJ8f4BHcTPgNZVWty04PvCMnO}, 13107: {instructions: For the batter, mix the flour and the seasoning together in a mediumsize bowl. Make a well in the middle of the flour mixture and break the eggs into the well 1 at a time while beating the mixture has become a thick, uniform paste.nCover the bowl with a dampened cloth and allow it to rest for 1 to 4 hours. For the fish, place the flaked codfish, thyme, parsley, scallion, chives, allspice, and chile in the bowl of a food processor and grind them together into a thick paste. Fold this paste into the acras batter.nMeanwhile, heat 2 inches of corn oil to 350 to 375 degrees F in a heavy castiron pot or deep fryer. Drop the acras into it by the teaspoonful. Fry until they are light brown, turning once. When done, remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels., ingredients: [1 cup flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, 12 cup milk, 12 pound salted codfish, flaked, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 2 sprigs flatleaf parsley, 1 scallion, including green top, 2 chives, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 Scotch Bonnet chile, Corn oil, for frying 2 inches], title: Acras de Morue, picturelink: null}, 13108: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut each hot dog into 4 even pieces. Set aside. Place the eight triangleshaped portions of dough on a lightly floured work surface.nOne at a time, stretch or roll each triangle out slightly, making it into a larger triangle. Cut each piece of dough into 4 long, narrow triangles. Beginning at the base of each of these triangles, roll one hot dog piece up in each until the point of the triangle wraps around the center. Place your blanketed pigs on a large, ungreased baking sheet.nRepeat with remaining ingredients, so that you have 32 pigs in a blanket. Be sure to evenly space them, as the dough will expand while baking.nPlace sheet in the oven and cook until dough appears slightly browned and crispy, about 12 minutes.nServe with mustard for dipping, if using. Enjoy, ingredients: [8 fatfree or nearly fatfree franks about 40 to 45 calories each, 1 package refrigerated reducedfat crescent dough, Flour, for dusting, Mustard, as dip, optional], title: DePudged Pigs in a Blanket, picturelink: sUhp8geBQLnD6PegavnEwYph5q6w1i}, 13109: {instructions: Cook the butter and onions over medium heat until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the rice and toss until all of the grains are coated with the butter. Add the water and salt, cover and cook until the water is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Turn off the heat and allow to sit covered for 5 to 10 minutes. Add the scallions and parsley, fluff with a fork, and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter or olive oil, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 1 cup long grain basmati rice, 1 34 cups water, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 cup sliced scallions, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley], title: Basmati Rice, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 13110: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Coat 11 by 7 by 2inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray and set aside. Sauce: Melt butter in medium heavy skillet over moderate heat. Add garlic, red pepper, and cumin and stirfry 1 minute. Blend in flour, add broth and milk, and cook, stirring constantly, until thickened and smooth  about 3 minutes. Stir in sour cream, salt, and black pepper to taste set aside. Filling: Melt butter in large heavy skillet, over moderate heat. Add onion, green pepper, green chilies, mushrooms, tomatoes, and pimiento, and cook, stirring often, until vegetables soften and flavors meld10 to 15 minutes. Tortillas: Pour oil to depth of 12 inch in small heavy skillet, set over moderate heat, and heat until ripples appear on skillet bottom. Holding tortillas by tongs, dip one by one into oil just long enough to soften, 5 to 10 seconds. Drain on paper towels.nTo Layer: Arrange half of tortillas in bottom of prepared baking dish, then build up layers this way, distributing each evenly: 12 chicken and 13 sauce 12 each filling, cheese, olives, and scallions, and 12 remaining tortillas, chicken, filling, cheese, olives, scallions, and finally, remaining sauce. Bake, uncovered, until bubbly about 30 to 35 minutes. Serve at once., ingredients: [2 tablespoon butter, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 14 teaspoon ground hot red pepper, 18 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons flour, 34 cup chicken broth, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 small yellow onion, peeled and chopped, 12 medium green bell peeper, cored, seeded, and chopped, 14 cup chopped roasted green chilies, 6 ounces mushrooms, wiped clean and finely chopped, 12 cup canned crushed tomatoes, 2 tablespoons minced pimiento, Vegetable oil for frying, 8 corn tortillas, 3 cups diced cooked chicken, 112 cups coarsely shredded mild cheddar cheese, 14 cup sliced pimientostuffed olives, 14 cup thinly sliced scallions], title: King Ranch Chicken, picturelink: null}, 13111: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: mini muffin pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice the cookie dough into 1inchthick slices, then into quarters. Place one quarter into each cup of a mini muffin pan. Bake for 9 to 11 minutes.nWhile the dough is still warm, push a peanut butter cup into each muffin cup and let cool in the pan. When the cookies are cool, use a spoon to remove them., ingredients: [One 16.5ounce package refrigerated peanut butter cookie dough, 1 bag of 24 miniature chocolatepeanut butter cups], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup Cookies, picturelink: Ixi6RQGrTTO7rdCIgs1I3RRP5ZuQdCe}, 13112: {instructions: Soak the red onion in a bowl of heavily salted ice water, 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk the vinegar, lemon zest and juice, honey, dried oregano, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Whisk in the olive oil in a slow, steady stream until emulsified. Add the tomatoes and olives and toss. Peel the cucumbers, leaving alternating strips of green peel. Trim the ends, halve lengthwise and slice crosswise, about 12 inch thick add to the bowl with the tomatoes. Drain the red onion, add to the bowl and toss. Drain the feta and slice horizontally into 4 even rectangles. Divide the salad among plates. Top with the feta and oregano drizzle with olive oil and season with pepper. Photograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 14 cup red wine vinegar, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 12 to 14 small vineripened tomatoes, quartered, 1 cup kalamata olives, halved and pitted, 5 Persian cucumbers, 1 4ounce block Greek feta cheese, packed in brine, Fresh oregano leaves, for topping optional], title: Classic Greek Salad, picturelink: 7asaEZITsxgz8zd11aNPuI.069uKvki}, 13113: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add pureed tomatoes with their juices, crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, 1 cup water, bay leaf, parsley, Cubano pepper, and bring to a boil. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Reduce heat and cook until slightly thickened, about 30 minutes. Add Meatballs and let simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, until the sauce has thickened and Meatballs are tender. Remove the bay leaf.nAdd enough sauce to the drained pasta that has been returned to the pot to coat and continue cooking briefly, just until pasta is well combined with sauce. Serve pasta with Meatballs on top and garnished with fresh basil.nCombine all the ingredients in a medium bowl, except olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Roll the mixture into 1 12inch balls. Heat the oil in large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. When oil is hot, fry meatballs, in batches as needed, until golden brown, but not cooked through completely. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels.nBring salted water to a boil in a large pot. Add spaghetti and cook until al dente. Drain well in a colander, return to pot, and toss with sauce. Serve with meatballs and Parmesan on top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large Spanish onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, smashed with some kosher salt to make a paste, Two 28ounce cans plum tomatoes and their juices, pureed in a blender, One 16ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 small can tomato paste, 1 bay leaf, 1 small bunch Italian parsley, 1 Cubano chile pepper, chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 recipe Meatballs, recipe follows, 1 recipe Spaghetti, recipe follows, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 12 pound ground pork, 12 pound ground veal, 12 pound ground beef, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped and sauteed, 14 cup dry bread crumbs, 14 cup finely chopped Italian parsley leaves, 1 cup pure olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cups water, Salt, 1 pound 8 or 9 spaghetti, Freshly grated Parmesan], title: Spaghetti and Meatballs with Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 13114: {instructions: Dough: In a small bowl mix 12 cup warm water, yeast, and pinch of sugar. Allow it to stand until foamy, about 8 minutes. Using a standing mixer with a paddle attachment or an electric mixer, mix the remaining sugar, butter, milk powder, and salt until well blended. Beat in the eggs, 1 at a time. Mix in the remaining 1 cup of warm water, and the yeast mixture, then 3 cups flour, 1 cup at a time. Using a rubber spatula, mix in another 1 cup of flour, scraping down the sides of the bowl frequently dough will be soft and sticky. Sprinkle 14 cup of flour onto a work surface and knead the dough until smooth and elastic, adding more flour if sticky, about 8 minutes.nButter a large bowl, add the dough, and turn to coat. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let the dough rise in a warm area until doubled, about 2 12 hours.nGlaze: Butter 2 10inch round cake pans with 2inch high sides. Beat the brown sugar, 12 cup butter, honey, corn syrup, and water in a medium bowl to blend. Spread half of the glaze in the bottom of each prepared pan. Equally divide the pecans into each pan.nPunch the dough down and divide it in half. Roll each piece of dough out on a floured work surface to a 12 by 10inch rectangle. Brush any excess flour off the dough. In a small bowl mix the sugar, and cinnamon. Brush the melted butter over the dough rectangles and sprinkle with the cinnamon sugar, dividing equally. Starting at 1 long side, tightly roll up each rectangle into a log. Cut each log into 12 rounds. Arrange the 12 rounds, cut side down, in each prepared pan, spacing evenly. Cover with plastic wrap. At this point the buns can be made 1 day ahead and refrigerated. Let the buns rise in a warm area until almost doubled, about 1 hour or 1 hour 25 minutes if refrigerated.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBake the buns until deep golden brown, about 30 minutes. Run a small knife around the pan sides to loosen the sticky buns. Turn the hot buns out onto a platter. Cool about 30 minutes and then drizzle with royal icing.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer or with a hand mixer, beat the egg whites with the lemon juice until they are combined. Add the sifted confectioners sugar and beat on low speed until smooth. The icing needs to be used immediately or transferred to an airtight container. Royal icing hardens when it is exposed to air.nRAW EGG WARNING:nFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [1 12 cups warm water 110 to 115 degrees F, 2 tablespoons dry yeast, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup dry nonfat milk powder, 1 14 teaspoons fine sea salt, 2 large eggs, 4 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more as needed, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pans, plus 14 cup, melted, 1 cup packed golden brown sugar, 14 cup honey, 14 cup dark corn syrup, 14 cup water, 1 12 cups pecan halves, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Royal Icing, recipe follows, 2 large egg whites, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 3 cups confectioners sugar, sifted], title: Other Worldly Sticky Buns, picturelink: Pl29lX3oGz69zMDz20GYX6.liYl1ZC}, 13115: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Fill a wide pot with 3 inches of salted water and bring to a boil. Add the noodles and cook until al dente, about 11 minutes, then drain, transfer to a cutting board and halve crosswise.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground meat and cook, stirring, until browned. Add the tomato sauce and red pepper flakes and simmer 5 minutes. Add the spinach and stir until it wilts, then add the ricotta and bring to a low simmer. Season with salt and remove from the heat. Toss the mozzarella and 4 tablespoons parmesan in a bowl.nCover the bottom of an 8inchsquare baking dish with a layer of slightly overlapping lasagna noodles. Top with half of the meat sauce and half of the cheese mixture. Repeat with another layer of noodles and the remaining meat sauce and cheese mixture. Cover with the remaining noodles and sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons parmesan. Drizzle lightly with olive oil and broil until golden and bubbling, 3 to 5 minutes. Top with the basil.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 7 lasagna noodles about 4 ounces, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 pound ground meatloaf mix, such as beef, pork and veal, 2 cups tomato sauce, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 cups baby spinach, 13 cup ricotta cheese, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 6 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup thinly sliced fresh basil], title: Stovetop Lasagna, picturelink: GjoyXo8wcv2bcqadDaebBr3TTG2sLKC}, 13116: {instructions: u00a92010 Publix Super Markets, Inc., ingredients: [Mustard and Brown Sugar Salmon:, 4 salmon fillets, about 1 12 lb skin removed thawed, 12 cup light mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Italian herb seasoning paste, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard, 14 teaspoon curry powder, Olive oil or regular cooking spray, Herbed Rice:, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley chopped, 2 10oz bags frozen precooked brown rice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon pepper], title: Mustard and Brown Sugar Salmon with Herbed Rice, picturelink: l0V6B20CZVzqMpWJsOzXMgLSj3H2i}, 13117: {instructions: Puree frozen berries, corn syrup, rum, to taste, and lime juice in a blender until slushy, adding more water or rum to achieve the desired consistency. Spoon into 6 8ounce wineglasses or other stemmed shallow glasses and top with melon., ingredients: [1 12ounce package frozen unsweetened strawberries, 13 cup light corn syrup, or more, to taste, 14 to 13 cup white rum, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 ripe honeydew melon, seeded and flesh cut into 12inch cubes, Garnish: mint leaves], title: Strawberry Daiquiri Slush with Honeydew Melon, picturelink: nA7V5iQqaFcIEQQ0MKqVdUioieXjPu}, 13118: {instructions: Remove the scallops from their shells, or ask your fishmonger to do this. Separate the white flesh from the corals, and detach the hard skin around the white and the tiny black sack from the coral. Wash clean under a running tap. Halve the whites horizontally. Leave to dry off on some paper towels.nWash the leeks and discard the green parts. Slice the white stems lengthwise into narrow strips about 2 inches long. Place in a saucepan with 1ounce of the butter, a pinch of salt and 8 tablespoons of water. Cover and simmer for 20 minutes. Keep hot.nIn another pan melt the rest of the butter and then gently cook the shallots until they are soft. Add the wine, vermouth and scallops with their corals. Bring just to the boiling point, then turn the heat very low and simmer for exactly 2 minutes, or less if the scallops are small.nRemove the leeks from their liquid using a slotted spoon and place in the heated dish. With the same spoon place the scallops on top. Add the leek juice to the scallop juice and boil until the liquid is reduced to 8 tablespoons. Pour in the cream, return to the boil and bubble for a moment or two. Season with salt and pepper. Pour over the scallops. Scatter with the chopped parsley.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [12 fresh sea scallops on their shells, with coral attached if available, 8 young leeks, 2 ounces unsalted butter, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 14 pint 12 cup dry white wine, 4 tablespoons dry vermouth, 14 pint 12 cup thick cream, 1 bunch flat leaf parsley, roughly chopped], title: Scallops with Leeks, picturelink: null}, 13119: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Season fish filets with salt and pepper. Heat a large cast iron or heavy bottomed skillet over moderately high heat. When hot add 23 tablespoons of olive oil. Sear fish fillets about 12 minutes per side or until lightly golden, remove to a oven proof platter and set in oven to finish cook for 35 minutes or, to desired doneness. Meanwhile add the remaining olive oil, slivered garlic, salt and pepper to the pan and cook over medium low heat stirring often for about 2 minutes. Add chopped ancho chiles and continue cooking a minute or two until a toasty aroma is released. Add the fish stock or clam juice reduce by half, adding any juices that have collected on the platter holding the fish fillets. Then add lime juice and parsley, bring sauce to a boil and pour over fish on platter. Serve immediately along with plenty of white rice.nCombine all the ingredients in a pot, cover and simmer about 1 hour. Set aside to cool to room temperature. Tomatillo relish can be stored in the refrigerator up to a week. To serve, line a large platter or serving plates with relish and top with grilled fish fillets. Or serve as a condiment with cold meats. Garnish with scallions., ingredients: [23 cup olive oil, 20 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced thinly, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon of ground black pepper, 23 cup clam juice or fish stock, Juice of 3 limes, about 14 cup, 1 ancho chile, stemmed, seeded and chopped, 1 bunch flat leaf parsley, roughly chopped, 6 6ounce skinless, boneless filets of fresh fish, 1 pound tomatillos, husked, washed and chopped, 1 pound Roma tomatoes, cored and chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 12 cup olive oil, 13 cup white vinegar, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, chopped, 14 cup sugar, 6 garlic cloves, minced, 1 jalapeno chile, stemmed, seeded and diced, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and chopped, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon fresh black pepper], title: Fish Fillets in a Bath of Garlic, picturelink: null}, 13120: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a medium mixing bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt. Set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer, blend sugars together on medium speed. Add butter and mix to form a grainy paste. Add eggs and vanilla and mix at medium speed until light and fluffy. At low speed, slowly add the flour mixture and then the toffee bits. Mix until just blended do not overmix.nPlace ground nuts in a small bowl. Using hands, roll balls of dough into 1 to 1 12inch balls, then roll in the ground nuts. Place on cookie sheets several inches apart. Bake approximately 22 minutes and then transfer cookies to a cooling rack.nMelt the chocolate with the vegetable oil in a double boiler or in a bowl set over a pan of simmering water. Drizzle melted chocolate over cooled cookies. Place cookies on a cookie sheet and place in freezer or refrigerator until chocolate is firmly set., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup butter, room temperature, 2 eggs, room temperature, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 package toffee bits, 1 cup coarsely ground almonds, 4 ounces milk chocolate, 12 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Blue Ribbon Almond Roca Cookies, picturelink: REtMSDcHoky8U6nGRirN65FREFzbFe}, 13121: {instructions: Combine the pineapple, sugar, orange zest, orange juice, lemon zest, lemon juice and jalapenos in medium saucepan.nBring mixture to a rapid boil over high heat, stirring frequently. Lower heat to medium and continue to cook for 15 minutes, stirring often to prevent scorching.nRemove from heat and cool before serving.nStore in refrigerator for up to 1 month or in the freezer for 6 months., ingredients: [1 20ounce can crushed pineapple in juice, strained, 4 cups sugar, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 2 jalapenos, seeded and minced], title: Pineapple Jalapeno Marmalade, picturelink: CmH78x0JHCsJrMo1EXGYn1MiIvM58oS}, 13122: {instructions: Place milk, Carnationu00ae Breakfast Essentialsu2122 Drink, pumpkin puree and ice cubes in blender cover. Blend until smooth. Sprinkle with pumpkin pie spice, if desired., ingredients: [1 packet Classic French Vanilla Flavor Carnationu00ae Breakfast Essentialsu2122 Complete Nutritional Drink, 14 cup pumpkin puree, 1 cup milk or soy milk, 3 to 4 ice cubes, Pumpkin pie spice a few sprinkles], title: Pumpkin Pie Shake, picturelink: .5wiOgiAFrZvdx1SSkTE4uS4Qc.6p2}, 13123: {instructions: For the vinaigrette: place vinegar, lemon juice, shallot, dill, salt and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until emulsified. Transfer the vinaigrette to a bowl or squeeze bottle.nFor the hash: Bring 4 cups of water to a simmer in a medium saute pan, add the salmon and poach until just cooked through, about 8 minutes. Remove the salmon, flake with a fork and transfer the mixture to medium bowl. Add the roasted pepper, potatoes, horseradish, salt and pepper and dill and gently mix until combined.nHeat the olive oil in a large, nonstick saute pan over high heat. Add the hash mixture and cook, stirring occasionally until golden brown and crisp all over. Divide the hash among 4 plates and top each with a poached egg and a tablespoon of salmon caviar. Drizzle with the dill vinaigrette. Garnish with fresh dill., ingredients: [2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 8 ounces center cut coldsmoked salmon fillet, 1 red bell pepper, roasted and cut into 14inch dice, 12 ounces steamed Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 14inch dice, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons pure olive oil, 4 poached eggs, 4 tablespoons salmon caviar, Fresh dill sprigs, for garnish], title: Smoked Salmon Hash with Dill Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 13124: {instructions: First, make the Maui Onion Relish. In a nonreactive mixing bowl, stir together all the relish ingredients. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly grease or oil a baking dish large enough to hold the fish fillets side by side.nEvenly spread the chopped macadamia nuts on a large dinner plate. Season a fish fillet with salt and pepper, and brush it evenly on both sides with 14 of the butter mixture. Dredge it in the nuts to crust it evenly on both sides, and transfer to the baking dish. Repeat with the remaining fillets, butter mixture, and nuts.nBake the fish fillets until they are cooked through and the nut crust is golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Spoon the Maui Onion Relish onto 4 serving plates and, with a spatula, transfer a fillet to each plate, placing it on top of the relish. Serve immediately.nPrepare the Ginger Butter by putting all the ingredients in a food processor with the metal blade and processing until smooth. Set aside at room temperature., ingredients: [1 Maui onion or other sweet onion, finely diced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon chopped Japanese pickled ginger, 1 tablespoon ginger vinegar from pickled ginger, 14 teaspoon prepared wasabi paste, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 shiso leaves available in Japanese markets, cut into thin julienne strips, or 1 dash ground cumin, 2 tablespoons ogo seaweed available in Japanese markets, or julienned cucumber, 1 teaspoon hijiki seaweed available in Japanese markets, hydrated in cold water until tender, or 1 tablespoons julienned cucumber, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chopped unsalted macadamia nuts, 4 6ounce onaga fillets Hawaiian gray snapper, yellowtail, or any other snappper, Ginger Butter, recipe follows, 1 pound unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup finely chopped fresh ginger, Pinch salt, Pinch sugar], title: Macadamia Nut Crusted Onaga Ruby Snapper With Maui Onion Relish, picturelink: null}, 13125: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the oil, vinegar, mustard, honey, salt, pepper and shallots until the vinaigrette is emulsified.nToss the greens with enough dressing to moisten and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup good olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 4 ounces 5 cups mesclun mix], title: Creamy Vinaigrette, picturelink: cSTbbKHkN5PMJvHd9ieoj3HevTJS9re}, 13126: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, fry the bacon over medium heat. Set aside, reserving drippings. Put swamp cabbage and remaining ingredients, including fried bacon and bacon drippings, in a 6quart pot. Fill the pot 12 full with water and bring to a boil. Continue to boil for 10 to 15 minutes, until the cabbage is tender. Adjust salt and pepper, to taste. Serve hot as a side dish., ingredients: [3 slices bacon, 2 heads freshly cut swamp cabbage hearts of palm, chopped, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Swamp Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 13127: {instructions: In a food processor, combine the bacon, cilantro, thyme, and sage. Pulse the mixture until finely minced. Turn the mixture out into a large bowl and add the egg. Mix thoroughly. Add the flour and mix thoroughly. Form the mixture into 4 equally portioned pattyshaped cakes. Pour the bread crumbs onto a plate and dip the cakes in pressing lightly to coat with bread crumbs. Coat the patties with bread crumbs on all sides.nIn a large saute pan over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Place the cakes in hot oil and cook until deep brown in color. Flip and cook the other side. Drain the cakes on paper towel.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the arugula, red onion, orange segments and juice, lemon segments and juice, lime segments and juice, basil, star anise, and salt. Toss lightly to combine. Serve each warm bacon cake with citrus salad on the side., ingredients: [1 pound cooked bacon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 egg, slightly beaten, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups Panko bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups fresh baby arugula greens, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 orange, segmented and juiced, 1 lemon, segmented and juiced, 1 lime, segmented and juiced, 12 cup torn fresh basil, 1 teaspoon ground star anise, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Bacon Cake with Citrus Salad, picturelink: VQBMhGELszf6BJOidRuX9MsG2uHxW4G}, 13128: {instructions: Cut the cooked squid or octopus into thin crosswise slices and set aside. Wash luau leaves thoroughly remove stems and fibrous parts of veins. Place washed leaves in large saucepan add water. Bring to a boil, lower heat, and simmer for 1 hour, stirring frequently. Drain luau leaves thoroughly stir in coconut milk, salt, and squid. Heat but do not boil., ingredients: [1 12 pounds cooked squid or octopus, 2 pounds luau leaf taro leaves, 2 cups water, 2 cups coconut milk, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Squid Luau, picturelink: null}, 13129: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 small skewersnUse a vegetable peeler to remove 2 long strips of lemon peel, being careful not to take any of the white pith, which can be bitter. Juice the lemons you should have 1 14 cups of juice.nPut the lemon peel, sugar, 1 cup of the lemon juice and 12 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat and cook, stirring, until the sugar has dissolved. Remove from heat and let cool. Discard the lemon peel.nPut the orange and lime slices in a large pitcher or a clean stock pot if you are making an extralarge batch for family and friends. Using a wooden spoon or muddler, lightly bruise the citrus to release some of the juices and essential oils from the skins.nStir in the orange juice, coconut water, dark and light rum, grenadine, pineapple juice, the remaining 14 cup lemon juice and 1 cup of the lemon syrup. The remaining syrup can be refrigerated in a covered container for up to 1 week.nThread an orange slice, a lime slice and a maraschino cherry onto each of 8 small skewers. Fill 8 glasses with ice. Pour the hurricanes over the ice and rest a fruit skewer on each glass. Serve with tall bendy straws., ingredients: [5 large lemons, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 orange, sliced 14 inch thick, plus more for garnish, 1 lime, halved lengthwise and sliced 14 inch thick, plus more for garnish, 1 12 cups pulpfree orange juice, 1 cup coconut water, 1 cup dark rum, 1 cup light rum, 34 cup grenadine, 34 cup pineapple juice, Maraschino cherries, for garnish], title: Hurricanes by the Pitcher, picturelink: LuoBxiokQmJkq6P0KCv1yCoQMldooly}, 13130: {instructions: Special equipment: A 10 to 15cup bundt pannFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 10 to 15cup bundt pan.nIn a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, salt, and baking soda and set aside. In a large bowl, beat the butter and granulated sugar with an electric mixer on medium until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the orange zest. Then beat in the eggs and egg yolks 1 at a time. Beat in the poppy seeds and vanilla extract. Alternate adding the flour mixture and the buttermilk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture.nTransfer the batter to the prepared pan and smooth the top. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with moist crumbs attached, 45 to 50 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool for 15 minutes, then flip the cake out and let it cool completely.nFor the glaze: In a medium bowl, whisk together the confectioners sugar and orange zest and juice. Drizzle the cake with the glaze to serve., ingredients: [2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pan, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pan, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons orange zest from about 2 oranges, 3 large eggs plus 2 large egg yolks, 3 tablespoons poppy seeds, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cup buttermilk, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon orange zest plus 2 tablespoons orange juice], title: Orange Poppy Bundt Cake, picturelink: l6RAfT8suOHzjNnhCUPoe9poR1JO3a}, 13131: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat.nSeason both sides of fish with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nAdd fish fillets to skillet and cook 2 minutes per side flipping with a spatula or tongs, until golden brown and forktender. Remove from pan.nIn a blender, combine roasted red peppers, garlic, lime juice, ginger, and cumin and puree until smooth. Transfer mixture to a small saucepan and bring to a simmer, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in cilantro.nServe half of the fish with all of the sauce spooned over top. Sprinkle the top with toasted sunflower seeds. Reserve remaining fish for heros, if desired., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 12 pounds catfish fillets, or any whitefleshed fish fillets, about 5 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups chopped roasted red peppers, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup sunflower seeds, toasted], title: Pan Seared Cat Fish with Red Roasted Red Pepper Lime Sauce and Toasted Sunflower Seeds, picturelink: tqKS5EPgY1BqYtjnXB9C1BAPVeDbkoS}, 13132: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium heat. Spray a piece of heavy duty aluminum foil or a doubledup piece of regular aluminum foil with nonstick cooking spray. Lay salmon fillet out on foil and season with salt and pepper.nIn a mixing bowl, combine mayo, dill and horseradish. Spread mixture over salmon fillet evenly with a rubber spatula. Shingle cucumber slices on top of mayo mixture. Transfer aluminum foil with salmon onto preheated grill and close lid. Cook for 1520 minutes. Let salmon cool for a few minutes before slicing., ingredients: [1 whole salmon fillet, skinon, 1 seedless cucumber, thinly sliced, 3 Tbs. prepared horseradish, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, 34 cup mayonnaise, salt and pepper to taste], title: Salmon Fillet With Cucumber, picturelink: null}, 13133: {instructions: Saute zucchini, yellow squash and scallions in olive oil until tender. Toss with cooked orzo, parsley, dill, goat cheese, salt and pepper.nSee all 50 Simple Salads, ingredients: [], title: Squash and Orzo Salad, picturelink: BF..dALHg.8RRPFmfeOs3N6ti.rae.}, 13134: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason the chicken thighs generously with salt and pepper. In a nonreactive baking dish large enough to hold all the chicken to marinate, whisk together the vegetable oil, citrus zests and juices, cayenne pepper and the thyme. Add the chicken thighs and turn to coat. Let marinate for at least 30 minutes or up to a couple hours in the refrigerator.nPreheat the grill. Remove the chicken from marinade and let excess drip back into dish. Place chicken on the hot grill, without overcrowding the pieces. Grill until fully cooked through, turning occasionally, about 15 minutes total, depending on how hot your grill is. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 12 to 3 pounds chicken thighs, bonein and skinon, trimmed of excess fat, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 to 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 1 lime, zested and juiced, Few dashes cayenne pepper, 10 sprigs fresh thyme], title: Grilled Citrus Marinated Chicken Thighs, picturelink: 5tcWDjssCU0KDZ.scCBKxRXTWRYVCS}, 13135: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the potatoes in a large pot of salted water and bring to boil. Cook until just fork tender, about 15 minutes. Fish out the potatoes with a spider or slotted spoon and place them in a bowl of ice cold water to stop them from cooking.nShuck the corn and break each ear in half. Cook in the same boiling water for 5 to 7 minutes until tender but not soft. Remove the cooled potatoes to a dishcloth to drain. Immerse corn in the same ice bath until cool. Cut each potato into quarters and place in a large bowl.nRemove corn from water and also let drain. Use a chefs knife to cut the kernels off each ear. Add kernels to bowl. Add grape tomatoes, onion, and whole basil leaves. Add olive oil and lemon juice and toss gently to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound baby red potatoes, scrubbed, 5 medium ears of corn about 3 pounds, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 1 small red onion, peeled and sliced thinly about 12 to 34 cup, 1 large bunch fresh basil, rinsed, dried, and leaves picked, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 large lemons, juiced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, About 15 grinds freshly ground pepper], title: Potato, Tomato, Corn and Basil Salad, picturelink: 5tcWDjssCU0KDZ.scCBKxRXTWRYVCS}, 13136: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a bowl and set aside to allow flavors to develop., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced canned chipotle chilies, 1 tablespoon minced garlic], title: Chipotle Aioli, picturelink: null}, 13137: {instructions: Make the lemon curd: Combine the egg yolks, granulated sugar and lemon juice in a medium saucepan over medium heat cook, whisking, until the mixture begins to thicken, about 8 minutes. Stir in the butter, 1 piece at a time, with a wooden spoon. Cook, stirring, until thick enough to coat the back of the spoon, about 7 more minutes. Strain through a finemesh sieve into a medium bowl, pressing the curd through with a rubber spatula. Stir in the lemon zest and salt. Fill a large bowl halfway with ice. Set the bowl of curd on the ice and let cool completely, stirring occasionally.nMake the bars: Coat an 8inchsquare baking dish with cooking spray and line with foil, leaving an overhang on 2 sides. Pulse the cookies in a food processor until finely crushed. Slowly add the melted butter and lemon zest and pulse until the mixture starts coming together.nTransfer the crumb mixture to the prepared baking dish and press firmly into the bottom. Spread the ice cream over the crumb mixture with a rubber spatula spread the lemon curd on top. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, about 4 hours or up to 2 days.nLift out of the pan using the overhanging foil. Cut into pieces and dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [6 large egg yolks, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, Pinch of salt, Cooking spray, 2 5to6ounce boxes shortbread cookies, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 2 pints vanilla ice cream, slightly softened, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Lemon Ice Cream Bars, picturelink: DFyyg1hVMJ2APJS1fmgK3LDVPW2GynC}, 13138: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the ricotta, cream, honey, orange zest and vanilla seeds until light and fluffy. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nHeat the grill to high. Brush the nectarines with oil and put on grill for a few minutes on each side, just to soften and heat through.nPut some of the ricotta onto each serving plate. Top with nectarines and garnish with toasted sliced almonds and mint sprigs., ingredients: [1 cup fresh whole milk ricotta, 14 cup cold heavy cream, 2 tablespoons clover honey, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest, 12 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 6 nectarines, cut in 12 and pitted, Canola oil, 14 cup toasted slivered almonds, Mint springs], title: Grilled Nectarines with HoneyOrange Ricotta Whipped Cream and Toasted Almonds, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 13139: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill. Place clams on the grates of the grill, close the cover and cook until the clams have opened. Place a piece of Serrano ham into each of the clams and drizzle with olive oil. Serve immediately., ingredients: [32 littleneck clams, scrubbed, Olive oil, 2 slices Serrano ham, ripped into small pieces], title: Grilled Clams on the Half Shell with Serrano Ham, picturelink: DDfs9tvguIvDzOjYEkjXi6kXpkQjpLy}, 13140: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions and saute, stirring occasionally, for 7 to 8 minutes, or until slightly golden. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more, until it has released its aroma. Add the squash, tomatoes, oregano, salt, pepper, and water. Stir to mix and cook, stirring occasionally, for about 25 minutes, or until the squash is almost but not quite tender. While the stew is cooking, prepare the sliced corn for the garnish. Bring a large skillet of lightly salted water to a boil. Add the sliced corn and bring back to the boil, then remove from the heat and let sit in the water for 2 minutes, then drain well. In a medium skillet, heat the butter over medium high heat. Add the cayenne, stir to mix and add the corn slices. Cook for about 2 minutes on each side, until slightly crisped and colored by the cayenne. Add the lime juice and turn the disks so that they are evenly coated. Remove from the heat and set aside. Stir the corn kernels and peas into the stew, cover the pan and cook for 5 minutes more. Taste for seasoning and serve, garnished with the sauteed corn slices., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 3 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 medium butternut squash about 3 12 pounds, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1 inch chunks, 2 large tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 12 small bunch fresh oregano, leaves only, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon coarse sea salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 cup water, 1 whole ear corn, cut crosswise into 12 inch slices, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon cayenne, Juice of 12 lime, 1 14 cups corn kernels from about 2 ears corn, 1 cup fresh or thawed frozen peas], title: Locro, picturelink: null}, 13141: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the mocha chocolate sauce: In a medium saucepot, heat the cream, coffee and corn syrup over low heat. Once hot, whisk in the chocolate and vanilla. Let simmer for 5 minutes.nFor the dulce de leche sauce: In a small saucepot, whisk together the dulce de leche, heavy cream and spiced rum. Heat over low heat until hot.nTo assemble the sundae: Pour about 2 tablespoon each of the mocha chocolate and dulce de leche sauces in the bottom of a sundae glass. Top with the coffee ice cream, vanilla ice cream and finally the chocolate ice cream. Drizzle with more of the sauces. Top with the whipped cream, garnish with the chocolatecovered pretzels, brittle and just a little drizzle of each of the sauces. Top with the chocolatecovered cherry and sprinkle with the edible gold sprinkles or glitter. Serve immediately., ingredients: [13 cup heavy cream, 14 cup strong coffee or 2 teaspoons instant coffee, 14 cup light corn syrup, 8 ounces dark chocolate, chopped, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup dulce de leche, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon spiced rum, 1 scoop coffee ice cream, 1 scoop vanilla ice cream, 1 scoop chocolate ice cream, 1 cup whipped cream, 5 small chocolatecovered pretzels, 14 cup chopped nut brittle, 1 chocolatecovered cherry, Edible gold sprinkles or glitter], title: Sandys Sundae, picturelink: zmqpQWD0VXcd6.IzUSEyYWxiviFCcvS}, 13142: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, olive oil, vinegar, honey, lime juice, red pepper flakes, oregano, and 1 teaspoon black pepper in a large bowl. Add the onion, carrot, olives, artichoke hearts, peppers, celery, and parsley toss, and season to taste with salt. Cover with plastic wrap and allow the salad to marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.nSlice the bread in half, and pull some of the interior from the middle of the roll to make room for the other ingredients. Spread a generous amount of the olive oil salad on each half. You will probably have some salad leftover it holds for 2 or 3 days in the refrigerator.nLayer the meat and cheese on the bottom half, alternating layers of each meat with thin layers of cheese. Cover with the top half of bread, press gently, slice into wedges, and serve., ingredients: [34 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 red onion, diced, 1 cup diced carrot, 1 cup diced black olives, 1 cup diced green olives, 12 cup diced marinated artichoke hearts, 1 cup diced piquillo peppers, 12 cup diced celery, 13 cup freshly chopped flatleaf parsley, Kosher salt, 1 muffuletta or round Italian loaf 10 to 12 inches in diameter, 2 ounces each thinly sliced Genoa salami, hot sopressata, mortadella, and smoked turkey, 2 ounces each thinly sliced imported Swiss cheese and aged provolone], title: Neelys Muffulettta Sandwich, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 13143: {instructions: 1. In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat.n2. Add 6 cups Kelloggsu00ae Cocoa Krispiesu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated. Cool slightly. Cut warm cereal mixture into two different sized circles using two sizes of circle cookie cutters for the turkey bodies depending on size of cutters. Cool.n3. Spread peanut butter on bottom of the smaller circular pieces attach this to a larger circular piece to form the turkey body. Insert pretzel twists into body for tail feathers. Insert pretzel sticks for legs. Use frosting to attach candies for eyes and beak. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS:nIn microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Follow steps 2 and 3 above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 package 10 oz., about 40 marshmallows, OR, 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 6 cups, strong, em, Kelloggsu00ae Cocoa Rice Krispiesu00ae, em, strong, cereal, Creamy peanut butter, Pretzel twists, Pretzel sticks, Canned frosting or decorating gel, Assorted candies], title: PretzelTailed Turkey Treatsandtrade, picturelink: PR7DOLwCBB3iiDzDr3A95ch3fKii9ke}, 13144: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray bottom of a 9inch round springform pan with nostick cooking spray.nBLEND cake mix, eggs, oil and 34 cup milk in a medium bowl until moistened. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes. Spread batter evenly into prepared pan. Bake 38 to 42 minutes. Cool completely.nBLEND pudding mix with 1 cup cold milk. In another bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy. Mix in pudding and banana extract. Blend in whipped topping. Remove 1 cup and reserve. Stir 23 cup fudge topping in small bowl until of spreading consistency. Slice bananas 14inch thick. Dip 3 slices in lemon juice. Cover and reserve for garnish.nPLACE 2 tablespoons fudge topping into the corner of a 1quart resealable bag. Knead. Cut small corner off bag. Drizzle fudge topping over top of cake. Refrigerate at least 1 hour. Garnish with reserved banana slices just before serving.nREMOVE cake from pan. Cut in half horizontally. Cover bottom layer with fudge topping. Top with sliced bananas and 3 cups pudding mixture. Cover with top cake layer. Spread 1 cup reserved pudding onto center of cake., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 18.25 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Reduced Sugar Devils Food Cake, 2 large eggs, 23 cup Criscou00ae Pure Canola Oil, 1 34 cups milk, divided, 1 1 oz. pkg. sugar free, fat free instant vanilla pudding mix, 1 8 oz. pkg. cream cheese, softened, 1 tsp. imitation banana extract, 1 8 oz. container sugar free frozen whipped topping, thawed, 1 11.75 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Sugar Free Hot Fudge Spoonable Ice Cream Topping, 2 large bananas, 1 tsp. lemon juice], title: Chocolate Banana Cream Cake, picturelink: Igu9wp9CLdX2FssMeUCLMJKXkEk76S}, 13145: {instructions: Wash the okra and trim the stem to 12inch. Place 1 chile, 12 teaspoon mustard seeds, 3 sprigs of dill, 1 clove of garlic and 14 teaspoon peppercorns in the bottom of each of 4 sterilized pint canning jars. Divide the okra evenly among the 4 jars, standing them up vertically, alternating stems up and down.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, bring the salt, vinegar and water to a boil. Once boiling, pour this mixture over the okra in the jars, leaving space between the top of the liquid and the lid. Seal the lids. Set in a cool dry place for 2 weeks.nTips on Sterilizing JarsnProperlyhandled sterilized equipment will keep canned foods in good condition for years. Sterilizing jars is the first step of preserving foods.nSterilizing Tips:nJars should be made from glass and free of any chips or cracks. Preserving or canning jars are topped with a glass, plastic, or metal lid, which has a rubber seal. Two piece lids are best for canning, as they vacuum seal when processed.nTo sterilize jars, before filling with jams, pickles, or preserves, wash jars and lids with hot, soapy water. Rinse well and arrange jars and lids open sides up, without touching, on a tray. Boil the jars and lids in a large saucepan, covered with water, for 15 minutes.nUse tongs when handling the hot sterilized jars, to move them from boiling water. Be sure the tongs are sterilized too, by dipping the ends in boiling water for a few minutes.nAs a rule, hot preserves go into hot jars and cold preserves go into cold jars. All items used in the process of making jams, jellies, and preserves must be clean. This includes any towels used, and especially your hands.nAfter the jars are sterilized, you can preserve the food. It is important to follow any canning and processing instructions included in the recipe and refer to USDA guidelines about the sterilization of canned products., ingredients: [2 pounds young, small to medium okra pods, 4 small dried chiles, split in 12, 2 teaspoons mustard seeds, 12 sprigs fresh dill, 4 cloves garlic, whole, 1 teaspoon whole peppercorns, 14 cup kosher salt, 2 cups rice wine vinegar, 2 cups bottled water, Special Equipment: 4 pintsized canning jars, sterilized], title: Pickled Okra, picturelink: k4gaDo82pvSOrkv29NeKKioIix.Guke}, 13146: {instructions: Fill a large pitcher about a 10 cup capacity three quarters of the way with iced tea. Pour in the rum and stir with a wooden spoon. Toss in the lemon slices and a handful of fresh mint. Put the drink in the refrigerator to steep and chill for a few hours. Fill six highball or other tall glasses with ice and fill with the Texas tea. Garnish with more mint if desired., ingredients: [2 qts. brewed tea, chilled, 1 cup light spiced rum, such as Captain Morgans Silver, 1 lemon, cut in slices, 1 bunch fresh mint], title: Texas Tea, picturelink: null}, 13147: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk the flour, oats, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, salt and allspice in a medium bowl. Combine the butter, brown sugar, granulated sugar and eggs in a separate bowl whisk until smooth. Stir in the grated apple and vanilla, then stir in the flour mixture until just combined.nScoop heaping tablespoonfuls of the dough onto the prepared baking sheets, about 1 inch apart. Bake until just set around the edges, 10 to 12 minutes, switching the baking sheets halfway through. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nMake the glaze: Whisk the confectioners sugar and milk in a bowl drizzle on the cookies.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup oldfashioned oats, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 Fuji or Gala apple, coarsely grated, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons milk], title: AppleOat Cookies, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 13148: {instructions: Combine the butter, sugar and cheese in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat until smooth and creamy, about 2 minutes. Do not incorporate too much air by raising the speed. Beat in the egg until incorporated.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt and cayenne to combine. Mix in the pistachios and cranberries.nOn low speed, add the flour mixture to the creamed buttercheese mixture in a few additions, scraping the bowl and beater in between.nSpread the dough along the edge of a large piece of waxed paper or plastic wrap. Using the edges of the paper or plastic, roll the dough into a log shape about 12 inches long. Twist the ends to close. Refrigerate for a minimum of 1 hour or freeze up to four weeks.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUnwrap the dough log and, using a sharp knife, slice into 14inch thick rounds. Place the rounds on parchmentlined or nonstick baking sheets and bake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until lightly golden brown. Remove to a rack to cool completely. Store in an airtight container for up to one week., ingredients: [4 ounces unsalted butter 1 stick, at roomtemperature, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 cup finely shredded Cheddar, 1 large egg, 1cup allpurpose flour scooped and leveled, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup toasted chopped pistachios, 13 cup finely chopped dried cranberries], title: Rons Cheddar, Cranberry and Pistachio Cookies, picturelink: 65O0fTSYqV6LxQW55nJn3RhZ7zKvbGa}, 13149: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the fresh salmon and the smoked salmon in 14inch dice. Place the salmon in a mixing bowl and add the lime juice, shallots, olive oil, dill, capers, two mustards, salt, and pepper. Mix well, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for a few hours for the salmon to marinate.nWhen ready to serve, toast the bread and taste the salmon for seasonings. Serve the tartare with triangles of the toast., ingredients: [1 pound skinless fresh salmon fillet, 12 pound smoked salmon, thickly sliced, 13 cup freshly squeezed lime juice 3 limes, 13 cup minced shallots 2 shallots, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 14 cup minced fresh dill, 3 tablespoons drained capers, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 loaf sevengrain bread, thinly sliced and toasted, for serving], title: Fresh Salmon Tartare, picturelink: SaD.N6POH2quqQKWaMBOvrO5stANYDi}, 13150: {instructions: Sift the flour with the salt into a large bowl. Cut the lard and butter into little pieces and rub into the flour until it resembles coarse crumbs. Make a well in the center of the flour and stir in the egg yolks. Add the cold water a tablespoon at a time until the dough is soft but not sticky. Cover with plastic and refrigerate at least 1 hour.nMash the sardines with the lime juice and cilantro and set aside. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and immerse the Swiss chard in the boiling water for a few seconds. Drain thoroughly and squeeze dry. Chop the chard, both leaves and stems, and set aside.nHeat the butter and olive oil in a large skillet over moderate heat. Add the onion and saute until soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic, jalapeno and salt and pepper, and saute another minute to release the aromas. Add the Swiss chard and cook until blended. Remove from the heat, season with salt to taste and set aside.nRoll the dough out on a lightly floured surface to 18inch thickness. Use a round cookie cutter to cut 1520 circles about 1inch larger than the circumference of muffin or cupcake tins. The muffin tins should be about 2 12inches in diameter. Use another round cutter to cut the same number of circles the same size as the tins. Press the larger circles into the tins.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Add enough of the Swiss chard mixture to each tin to come about two thirds of the way up the tin. Divide the sardine filling among the tins. Whisk together the egg and water. Moisten the edges of the pastry with a little of the egg wash. Cover the filling with the smaller circles of pastry and seal the edges, pressing together with your fingers. Brush the tops with more of the egg wash and bake for 30 minutes, or until golden., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons 14 cup lard, chilled, 4 tablespoons 14 cup butter, chilled, 2 egg yolks, 4 tablespoons cold water, 1 egg, 2 4ounce cans sardines, drained, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 12 bunch chopped fresh cilantro, 1 pound Swiss chard, washed and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and finely chopped, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg, beaten, 1 tablespoon water], title: Sardine and Swiss Chard Pastelitos, picturelink: null}, 13151: {instructions: Place all of the ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour the mixture into a hurricanestyle glass., ingredients: [1 14 ounces silver tequila, 1ounce triple sec, 1 12 ounces freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 ounces simple syrup or sweetandsour mix, 34 cup partially frozen mango, unsweetened prefer individual quick frozen or fresh], title: The Mango Margarita, picturelink: null}, 13152: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine butter, oil and brown sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer and mix on high speed, stopping occasionally to scrape down bowl, until mixture is light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add applesauce, egg white and vanilla and mix to combine. Add flour, oatmeal, salt and cinnamon and mix just until just combined. Add cherries, apricots, walnuts and chocolate and mix to combine.nSpray 1 baking sheet with cooking spray. Using 1 tablespoon cookie dough at a time, roll into balls and place 2inches apart on baking sheet. Press cookies down with the palm of your hand to flatten slightly, as cookies will not spread as much as cookies with more butter. Bake for 12 to 14 minutes, or until lightly browned but still soft. Remove from oven and cool on racks., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 13 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup applesauce, 1 egg white, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 23 cup wholewheat pastry flour, 12 cup oatmeal, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup chopped dried cherries, 14 cup chopped dried apricots, 14 cup lightly toasted walnuts, 2 ounces dark chocolate, cut into chunks, Cooking spray], title: Kitchen Sink Cookies, picturelink: v8MUVlLdDCAdbulb2E6RgcExzF1ejW}, 13153: {instructions: Saute onion and garlic in 1 or 2 tablespoons of olive oil until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Let cool. Mix all ingredients in food processor and serve at room temperature with fish., ingredients: [1 red onion, diced, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, Olive oil, 2 roasted red peppers, peeled, seeded and stemmed, 2 oven roasted tomatoes plum tomatoes, cut in half and baked in 200 degree oven with olive oil, salt, and pepper for about 6 hours, 1 teaspoon fresh chopped thyme, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 18 teaspoon turmeric, 18 teaspoon cinnamon, Pinch ground cloves, Salt and pepper, Fresh chopped mint], title: Harissa Sauce, picturelink: null}, 13154: {instructions: In a small bowl, sprinkle the gelatin on 1 12 tablespoons of cold water. Stir and set aside for 10 minutes to allow the gelatin to dissolve.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, whisk together 34 cup of the cream, the yogurt, vanilla extract, and vanilla bean seeds. Heat the remaining 34 cup of cream and the 13 cup of sugar in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Off the heat, add the softened gelatin to the hot cream and stir to dissolve. Pour the hot creamgelatin mixture into the cold creamyogurt mixture and stir to combine. Pour into 4 6 to 8ounce ramekins or custard cups and refrigerate uncovered until cold. When the panna cottas are thoroughly chilled, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nCombine the strawberries, balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, and pepper 30 minutes to 1 hour before serving. Set aside at room temperature.nTo serve, run a small knife around each dessert in the ramkein and dip the bottom of each ramekin quickly in a bowl of hot tap water. Invert each ramekin onto a dessert plate and surround the panna cotta with strawberries. Dust lightly with freshly grated lemon zest and serve., ingredients: [12 packet 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin powder, 1 12 tablespoons cold water, 1 12 cups heavy cream, divided, 1 cup plain wholemilk yogurt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 13 cup sugar, plus 1 tablespoon, 2 pints 4 cups sliced fresh strawberries, 2 12 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated lemon zest, for serving], title: Panna Cotta with Balsamic Strawberries, picturelink: Y3pxSaYNcyoJ3h.UqMpEXlYF7sdjkvq}, 13155: {instructions: Prepare a gas, charcoal, or wood fire for grilling.nGrill the bread a few inches from the heat until golden on both sides. Place the bread on a platter and immediately rub the garlic cloves over the top of the breads surface. For really garlicky fettunta, rub hard and use both cloves of garlic. Drizzle a generous tablespoon or more of olive oil over each slice of bread.nCombine the prosciutto, cheese, and parsley in a small bowl. Sprinkle the mixture evenly over each slice of bread. Return the bread to the hot grill cheese side up, cover the grill with the lid, and cook the fettunta just long enough to melt the cheese and rewarm the toast a bit, about 1 minute. Serve hot., ingredients: [6 slices good French boule, sliced 34inch thick, 1 to 2 plump garlic cloves, peeled, 12 cup good extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 ounces thickly sliced prosciutto, minced, 1 12 ounces finely grated smoked mozzarella or good Parmesan, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves], title: Fettunta with Prosciutto, picturelink: iOZDfsVuJPN4eeRUs4QHboa.UbmSS}, 13156: {instructions: 1 14 pounds chicken tenders or skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 1 12inch piecesnToss the chicken with the oyster sauce in a bowl. Mix the cornstarch with 3 tablespoons cold water in another bowl. Place both bowls near the stove with the remaining ingredients.nHeat a wok or deep skillet over high heat until hot. Add the peanut oil, then the scallions, ginger and garlic, and stirfry about 20 seconds. Add the chicken mixture and stirfry until the meat is no longer pink on the outside, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the mushrooms and bok choy.nAdd the broth and sesame oil to the skillet and bring to a boil over high heat. Add the cornstarch mixture, return to a boil and cook, tossing, until the chicken is cooked through and the sauce is thick and glossy, 2 to 3 minutes. Serve with rice, if desired.nPer serving: Calories 303 Fat 12 g Saturated 2 g Cholesterol 90 mg Sodium 415 mg Carbohydrate 12 g Fiber 2 g Protein 38 gn, ingredients: [12 cup oyster sauce, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 6 scallions, cut into 1inch pieces, 8 thin slices peeled ginger, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 8 to 10 ounces sliced mushrooms, such as cremini, shiitake or a mix, 12 ounces baby bok choy, cut crosswise into 1 12inch pieces, 1 14 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil Cooked rice, for serving optional], title: Cantonese Chicken and Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 13157: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nThoroughly squeeze any excess water from the thawed spinach, removing as much liquid as possible. Coarsely chop.nMelt 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant and golden brown. Add the spinach and nutmeg, sauteing for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and mix in the feta, lemon juice, cracked black pepper and egg to thoroughly combine. Allow the filling to cool.nMelt the remaining butter over medium heat in a small saucepan. Cool slightly. Cover the stack of phyllo sheets with a clean damp kitchen towel.nWorking with the long side of the phyllo sheet nearest you, take 1 sheet from the stack and brush the entire surface with butter. Top with another phyllo sheet, brushing with more butter. Cut crosswise into five 2 12 to 3inch strips.nPlace 2 teaspoons filling in the corner of each strip. Just like you would fold a flag, fold the corner of phyllo over to enclose the filling, forming a triangle, and continue folding the entire strip. Ending with the seamside down, place the triangles on a large baking sheet and brush the tops with butter.nFollow the same steps with the remaining ingredients.nSpace evenly on a sheet tray and bake until golden brown, about 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and transfer to a wire rack to cool slightly., ingredients: [One 10ounce package frozen spinach, thawed and drained, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 cups crumbled feta cheese about 8 ounces, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 large egg, beaten, 10 phyllo sheets, thawed if frozen], title: Spinach and Feta Spanakopita, picturelink: null}, 13158: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Put a baking sheet on the rack in the center of the oven and close the door. Drizzle both sides of the fish with olive oil and season the inside and outside with salt. Stuff the cavity with the lemon slices and the leftover fennel stalks and fronds.nOpen the oven door and carry the fish over squarely in both of your hands. Put the fish in the center of the hot sheet pan and quickly close the door so minimal heat escapes. You should hear the fish sizzle slightly as it hits the hot sheet pan. Reduce the heat to 450 degrees F and cook for about 20 to 25 minutes, then open the door to look at the fish. The eyes will turn white when it s cooked. Touch the fish near the head. It should feel fairly firm, if cooked. Remove the sheet pan from the oven and allow it to rest a few minutes as is.nUse 2 spatulas, 1 under the head and the other under the midsection, to transfer the fish to a serving platter. Use a paring knife to gently cut around the head and the tail. Cut down the length of the back until you can insert 1 of your spatulas down the length of the top fillet and lift it off the bone. Then, lift the head and the full backbone off the fish, unveiling the second fillet. Season the fish with a pinch of salt and lemon juice. Serve with lemon slices., ingredients: [1 2 to 3pound whole mackerel or bluefish, scaled, gutted, gills removed, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, cut into 1inch slices, Leftover fennel stalks and fronds, 1 lemon, washed and cut into wedges], title: Roasted Whole Mackerel, picturelink: GRrTGy2Ml4Cg5FcxBnTuCl5AYL0ZSkG}, 13159: {instructions: In a large shallow dish arrange the chicken pieces and pour the milk over the chicken. Allow to stand for 15 minutes. In a large bowl combine the flour, paprika, salt and pepper. Dredge the chicken pieces in the flour mixture, firmly patting the flour mixture onto the chicken and let sit in the flour mixture. Redredge the chicken pieces every few minutes with remaining flour mixture until thickly coated.nIn a 12inch heavy skillet, 2 inches deep, heat the oils to 375 degrees F. Carefully arrange as many pieces of chicken in the skillet as will fit in one layer. Cover the skillet, reduce the heat to low and cook the dark meat for 12 minutes and the white meat for 6 to 8 minutes, turning each piece once, or until a sharp fork slides out easily when inserted into the chicken pieces. Uncover the chicken, turn the heat up to high and cook for another 3 to 5 minutes or until it is deep golden brown. Transfer chicken to paper towels to drain. If necessary, cook remaining chicken in same manner. Serve the chicken warm., ingredients: [1 3pound chicken, cut into 12 pieces 2 thighs, 2 legs, 2 wings, 4 breast pieces, 2 backs, 1 cup milk, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 tablespoons paprika, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup light sesame oil not Asianstyle sesame oil], title: Traditional Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 13160: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCarefully mix the meats, steak sauce, egg yolks, salt, and pepper with the tines of a fork, but do not mash it. Lightly form each hamburger and lightly press into a patty shape. Make an indentation and put a thin slice of butter inside each hamburger, making sure the butter is entirely encased in the meat.nHeat a grill, broiler, or saute pan and cook the hamburgers for 3 to 5 minutes on each side until almost done. Remove to a plate and cover with aluminum foil. Allow the hamburgers to rest for 5 minutes and serve immediately on buns., ingredients: [2 pounds ground chuck, 1 pound ground sirloin, 3 tablespoons steak sauce recommended: Crosse  Blackwell, 6 extralarge egg yolks, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 12 hamburger buns], title: Real Hamburgers, picturelink: zluf3kNqt.CeUK7OVBkjrMm2h6FXVCi}, 13161: {instructions: Combine porcini mushrooms and 2 cups hot water in medium bowl. Let stand until porcini mushrooms, soften, about 15 minutes.nIn a saucepan melt butter and add carrots, celery, parsnips and shallots. Saute until tender. Add bouquet garni and chicken stock.nUsing slotted spoon, transfer porcini mushrooms into saucepan with chicken broth. Add porcinisoaking liquid to saucepan, leaving sediment behind in bowl. Add chestnuts and salt and pepper. Bring to boil, reduce heat cover and simmer for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Working in batches, puree soup in blender until smooth, return soup to saucepan. Add Sherry. Bring soup to simmer, correct seasonings adding salt and pepper, to taste. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cool slightly and refrigerate. Rewarm over medium heat before continuing.nLadle soup into bowls. Top with vegetables, and garnish with leeks., ingredients: [13 cup dried porcinis, 2 cups hot water, 1 medium carrot, diced, 1 celery, diced, 1 small parsnip, diced, 2 large shallots, finely chopped, 1 bouquet garni 1 sprig each of bay leaf, thyme and parsley, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 cups chicken stock or canned broth, 1 14 pounds coarsely chopped peeled roasted chestnuts or 12 ounces bottled chestnuts, 2 tablespoons dry Sherry, Frizzled leeks, for garnish deep fry julienned strips of leek in 365 degree F oil, Creme fraiche, for garnish], title: Creamy Chestnut Soup with Porcini Mushrooms and Sauteed Root Vegetables, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 13162: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nMelt butter in a 12inch saute pan over mediumlow heat. Increase the heat slightly and add the onion, celery, and 12 teaspoon kosher salt sweat for 5 to 7 minutes. Add garlic and cook for an additional 1 to 2 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and add the artichoke hearts, bread crumbs, lemon zest, remaining 12 teaspoon kosher salt, pepper, and oregano. Continue cooking for 2 to 3 more minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nPlace the 4 cups rock salt on a sheet pan with sides and spread evenly. Set oysters atop the salt and divide the bread crumb mixture evenly among them. Place in oven and bake for 10 to 12 minutes. Bread crumbs should be lightly browned. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup finely chopped onion, 34 cup finely chopped celery, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 14ounce can artichoke hearts, drained and finely chopped, 1 cup Japanese panko bread crumbs, 2 teaspoons finely chopped lemon zest, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 4 cups rock salt, 24 oysters on the half shell, with their liquor], title: Baked Oysters Brownefeller, picturelink: null}, 13163: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray a rose Bundt pan and mini rose Bundt pan with nonstick spray.nIn a mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine cake mix, pudding mix, eggs and rose soda. Add oil, mix until smooth.nDivide batter into prepared pans, bake until tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 35 minutes for the large cake, about 20 minutes for the mini cakes.nCool on wire racks.nIn a bowl, combine confectioners sugar, water and rose syrup. Whisk to form a smooth glaze. Pour glaze into a resealable plastic bag, snip off a corner and drizzle glaze on cooled cakes., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 2 boxes lemon cake mix, 2 boxes packaged lemon pudding mix not instant, 6 eggs, 1 14 cups rose soda, 23 cup oil, 1 box confectioners sugar, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon rose syrup], title: Lemon Rose Bundt Cake with Mini Rose Bundt Cakes, picturelink: null}, 13164: {instructions: Special equipment: A 2 12inch round cookie cutternPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray.nCombine the oats, coconut flakes and salt in a large bowl. Stir in the bananas, oil, maple syrup, cinnamon and vanilla until well combined. Add the frozen blueberries, and stir to just incorporate.nPlace a 2 12inch round cookie cutter on the prepared baking sheet, and press 2 tablespoons of the batter into the cutter. Continue with the remaining mixture. Bake until golden, about 25 minutes. Let the cookies cool on the baking sheet., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 12 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 cup sweetened coconut flakes, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 very ripe bananas, mashed, 14 cup coconut oil, warm enough to be liquid, 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup frozen blueberries], title: BlueberryCoconut Breakfast Cookies, picturelink: AspBRuiIicfaD224aur.fhyoo7lkvu}, 13165: {instructions: With a melon baller or a very small ice cream scoop, scoop 1 12inch balls of cheese cake and arrange them on a parchment paper lined baking sheet. Secure a lollipop stick into each cheesecake ball and freeze for about 2 hours.nDip the cheesecake lollipops in the melted chocolate, letting any excess drip off. Then roll the lollipop in any toppings of your choice. Arrange them on parchment paper lined baking sheet to harden for a few minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [crushed malt balls, crushed toffee, chopped roasted and salted peanuts, chopped toasted hazelnuts, cocoa nibs, crushed chocolatecovered espresso beans], title: NO RECIPE RECIPE: ChocolateDipped Cheesecake Lollipops, picturelink: 9e.qFVNzDqb5tE3Qwr1Er3c4vjQGpa}, 13166: {instructions: 1.Brown ground beef or turkey in a skillet on mediumhigh heat. Drain excess fat.n2.Stir in Mrs. Dashu00ae Fiesta Lime Seasoning Blend and water.n3.Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.n4.Spoon into warm taco shells or tortillas. Serve with toppings if desired., ingredients: [4 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Fiesta Lime Seasoning Blend, 1 lb. lean ground beef or turkey, 34 cup water, 12 taco shells or flour tortilla 6inch, shredded lettuce, chopped tomatoes, shredded cheese, salsa, sour cream], title: Fiesta Lime Tacos, picturelink: hPTK28V3evFMJszc.mKs9hFVqacj36}, 13167: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a large saucepan and add enough cold water to cover by 1 inch. Season the water generously with salt. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then immediately reduce the heat to a gentle simmer and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, mix the relish, mustard, parsley, celery and onion in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Mix in the mayonnaise. Let this sit for at least 20 minutes while the potatoes are cooking so the flavors can marry.nDrain the potatoes and transfer them to a large bowl. While the potatoes are hot, add the vinegar and use a rubber spatula to toss gently to combine so the potatoes absorb all that vinegar flavor.nToss the potatoes with the dressing base and the cheese season with additional salt and pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled and to let the flavors meld, about 30 minutes. Once ready to serve, garnish with more parsley., ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup pickle relish, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, plus more for garnish, 2 ribs celery, diced, 12 small red onion, minced, 1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup white vinegar, 1 cup grated 5year aged yellow Cheddar], title: United States of Potato Salad, picturelink: LPumCi5nVimmBwn3GM4g.OLNQsWJ6CK}, 13168: {instructions: Scrape seeds of vanilla bean into a bowl and stir in sugar until combined well.nNote: Vanilla sugar keeps in an airtight container at room temperature 1 month., ingredients: [12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 2 cups sugar], title: Vanilla Sugar, picturelink: null}, 13169: {instructions: 1. Prepare the cake mix according to the directions on the package.n2. Line the cupcake pans with the paper liners. Fill each cup with 23 cup of batter.n3. Bake in a preheated 350degree oven for 25 minutes, according to the directions on the package. Remove from oven.n4. While waiting for the cupcakes to completely cool, tint the vanilla frosting with the red food coloring.n5. Once cooled, frost the tops of the cupcakes as follows: Spread the tops of the cupcakes with the red frosting. Spoon the dark chocolate frosting into a resealable bag. Snip a small corner from the bag. Pipe a line of dark chocolate frosting down the center of each cupcake. Pipe an oval of the dark chocolate frosting at one end of the line, and decorate with the red MMSu00ae Brand Chocolate Candies for eyes and the licorice for antennae. Dot the red portion with chocolate malted milk balls for the ladybugs spots., ingredients: [u00bc cup MMSu00ae Brand Chocolate Candies, 45 pieces chocolate malted milk balls, cut in half, 1 box favorite cake mix, cup dark chocolate frosting, 1 container vanilla frosting, Red food coloring, 12 black licorice laces, cut into 48 pieces, 2 cupcake pans, Paper cupcake liners], title: Ladybug Cupcakes, picturelink: hy294XA5ZxC9Cnh61uTMipzgtT4TK}, 13170: {instructions: Cut watermelon into chunks and press through a sieve into a bowl., ingredients: [4 pounds watermelon, rind removed], title: Watermelon Juice, picturelink: null}, 13171: {instructions: Special equipment: a 2 12inch biscuit cutternPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPlace the flour, baking powder, salt and 2 tablespoons plus 1 12 teaspoons sugar in a large mixing bowl. Cut the butter into 12tablespoonsize bits and add to the flour. Using your fingertips or a pastry cutter, work the butter into the flour mixture until it resembles a coarse meal. Make a well in the center of the flour and pour in all the heavy cream, sour cream and 23 cup plus 1 tablespoon halfandhalf.nStir the dry ingredients into the cream, then add the chives and mix with a wooden spoon until the dough just begins to come together into a ball. Turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead 2 or 3 times to form a cohesive mass. Do not overwork the dough.nUsing a rolling pin, roll the dough to a 1inch thickness. Dip a 2 12inch biscuit cutter in flour, then cut the dough. Repeat until all the dough has been cut. Scraps can be gathered together and rerolled one more time.nPlace the biscuits on the prepared baking sheet, leaving about 14inch between them.nBrush the tops of the biscuits with the remaining tablespoon halfandhalf, and sprinkle with the remaining tablespoon sugar.nBake until lightly browned on top and flaky in the center, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups soft or allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon plus 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons plus 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 23 cup plus 2 tablespoons halfandhalf, 14 cup chives, finely sliced], title: Sour Cream and Onion Biscuits, picturelink: nMc5QCbbrYhyjmC0VP19POfn63j5km}, 13172: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine the chopped dates and water. Over medium low heat, bring to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Add the sugar and lemon juice and stir until the sugar has dissolved. Bring back up to a boil and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and allow to cool to room temperature.nThoroughly butter a 9 x 13 inch baking pan with 2 inch sides and line the base of it with parchment paper.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a large mixing bowl, combine the oats, flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, baking soda, and salt. Mix together well with a wooden spoon, then drizzle in the melted butter and stir to moisten evenly. Spread 12 of this crumb mixture in the base of the pan, then cover with an even layer of the cooled date mixture. Top the date layer with another layer of the crumb mixture and bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the top is golden and bubbly, and the edges have begun to caramelize. Cool on a rack, to room temperature. Run a knife around the inside edge of the pan to release, and cut into 12 squares., ingredients: [2 12 cups 1 pound pitted and chopped dates, 1 cup water, Scant 1 cup sugar, 13 cup lemon juice, 3 cups rolled oats, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 34 cups brown sugar, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 34 cups unsalted butter, melted], title: Date Bars, picturelink: null}, 13173: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPeel the pineapple and remove core. Slice into 1inch thick circles.nIn a small saucepan melt butter with 1 tablespoon of water and add light brown sugar. Stir well with a whisk over medium heat until the sugar is completely dissolved and you have a nice smooth caramel, about 3 to 4 minutes. Pour into a round 9 12inch nonstick cake pan. Arrange pineapple circles evenly in the caramel, 1 in the center and 5 around the outside usually works, and press down so they are submerged in the caramel. Place 1 maraschino cherry in the center of each pineapple ring. Make the batter: Sift flour and baking powder together. In a stand mixer cream butter and granulated sugar until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. With mixer on low, add eggs 1 at a time. Add half the buttermilk and vanilla then half the flour. Add remaining buttermilk and then remaining flour. Pour the batter into the cake pan over the caramel and pineapple. Spread out evenly with a rubber spatula. Place the cake pan on a roasting tray to catch any caramel that may bubble over and bake in the oven for approx 1 hour. The cake should be nice and golden on top and puffed up slightly. When gently pressed in the center it should bounce back. Allow to cool slightly, about 1 minute, before inverting onto a cake plate. Dust very lightly with confectioners sugar and serve each slice with a scoop of yogurt gelato., ingredients: [1 fresh pineapple, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon water, 2 cups lightly packed light brown sugar, 6 to 8 maraschino cherries, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 cups granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 cup buttermilk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar, for dusting cake, 1 quart yogurt gelato, storebought, for serving], title: Pineapple UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: null}, 13174: {instructions: Prepare the tapenade: Soak the olives in warm water, 5 minutes drain. Combine the olives, parsley, scallions, capers, garlic, mustard and olive oil in a food processor and pulse several times.nPrepare the meatballs: Put the ground beef in a large bowl and add 14 cup of the tapenade reserve the rest for serving. Add the pimientos, breadcrumbs, egg and 12 teaspoon salt and mix with your hands until combined. Dampen your hands and form into 1 12inch meatballs about 24.nHeat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the meatballs and cook, turning, until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes transfer to a plate. Add the tomato paste to the skillet and cook, stirring, until slightly darkened, about 1 minute. Add the chicken broth, brown sugar and vinegar and cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves.nReturn the meatballs to the skillet reduce the heat to medium and simmer, occasionally spooning the liquid over the meatballs, until the liquid is reduced by half and the meatballs are cooked through, 30 to 40 minutes. Transfer to a platter. Serve with the reserved tapenade.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [12 cup pitted green olives, 1 cup fresh parsley, 5 scallions, roughly chopped, 1 12 tablespoons capers, drained and rinsed, 1 small clove garlic, roughly chopped, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound ground beef chuck, 1 4ounce jar pimientos, drained, patted dry and chopped, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar], title: Pimiento Meatballs with Olive Tapenade, picturelink: CWY6X66PueL9qAMWVpKK4LX.k1MLxOi}, 13175: {instructions: Soften butter with a potato masher or something similar. Spread the butter on waxed paper to an 8 by 16inch rectangle. Chill.nDissolve yeast in the warm water. Add milk, sugar, salt, lemon extract, and egg and mix well. Add flour and mix smooth by hand. A nice dough should be formed Wrap with plastic wrap and chill.nRoll the dough on wellfloured board to an 8 by 12inch rectangle. Divide the prepared butter layer into 2 equal parts. Place 1 piece of the butter on 23 of the dough. Fold the uncovered third of dough over the middle third on top 12 of the butter layer, then fold the remaining third over the top. Chill.nRoll dough again to an 8 by 12inch rectangle. Place the remaining piece of chilled butter on 23 of the dough. Fold in the same method as the first piece of butter.nGently roll dough to an 8 by 16inch rectangle being careful not to break the layering of butter. Fold like above in thirds. This make 24 layers of butter. Chill.nCut the dough into 2 equal pieces. Lightly and patiently roll 1 piece at a time, until piece is about 6 by 20 inches.nTo prepare filling mix ingredient until smooth. Spread center third of dough with butterscotch filling, then add fruit, nuts, raisins or jam. Fold 1 of the long edges to the middle, moisten other edge and fold over top to cover filling. Seal well.nPut kringle on lightly greased baking sheet and form into oval shape, pressing ends of kringle together to form a continuous oval. Flatten entire oval with hands. Cover kringle for 1 hour at room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBake for about 20 to 25 minutes, until golden brown color. Cool, then ice with mixture of powder sugar and water.nPlease note that the best quality kringle require patience. This process is most successful when spread out over three days. Day 1, roll in first piece of butter. Day 2, roll in second piece of butter and additional fold. Day 3, create your kringle or other fine Danish pastries. A quality Danish pastry should be light, tender, flaky, and full of flavor. With patience and pride this recipe will yield just that., ingredients: [34 cup butter, 1 package dry yeast, 14 cup lukewarm water, 14 cup lukewarm milk, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon lemon extract, 1 egg, 2 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 1 cup brown sugar, 13 cup butter, Pinch salt, Pinch cinnamon, 1 to 2 egg whites, Fruit, nuts, raisins or jam, of choice], title: Kringle, picturelink: null}, 13176: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter and flour two 8inch cake pans. Prepare the cake mix according to package instructions. Divide the batter between the 2 cake pans and bake according to package instructions. Remove from the oven and let cool on a wire rack.nFor the crunch:nPlace the toasted nuts close together in a single layer on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Combine the sugar and water in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Stir the sugar mixture until dissolved. Bring to a boil and let cook until the sugar is light brown, about 8 minutes. Let the bubbles subside then pour the caramelized sugar over the nuts. Place the baking sheet in the refrigerator and let the sugar nut mixture cool until hard, about 30 minutes. When the sugar nut mixture is hard and cool, top with another piece of parchment paper and pound into small pieces, or place the sugar nut mixture on a cutting board and cut into small pieces. Set aside.nFor the filling:nPut the mascarpone cheese, cream, powdered sugar, and vanilla into a large mixing bowl. Using an electric mixer whip the cream mixture to soft peaks. Fold the Crunch mixture into the whipped cream.nFor the topping:nPlace the chocolate, sugar and zest in a food processor. Process the mixture until the chocolate is finely ground.nTo assemble the cake:nPut 1 cake on a serving plate. Top with 1inch of the whipped cream crunch mixture. Top with the second layer of cake and continue frosting the entire cake with the remaining whipped cream crunch mixture. Sprinkle the top and sides of the cake with the ground chocolate. Serve., ingredients: [1 box chocolate cake mix, 1 cup about 4 12ounces hazelnuts, toasted and skinned, 23 cup sugar, 13 cup water, Two 8ounce containers mascarpone cheese, room temperature, 1 cup cream, 34 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup bittersweet chocolate chips, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon orange zest], title: Hazelnut Crunch Cake with Mascarpone and Chocolate, picturelink: SpJnYngpMRN7nD.5Vfaqc2uAy2PV906}, 13177: {instructions: Special equipment: an 18by13inch sheet pannPosition a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni, and cook according to package directions until al dente. Drain the macaroni, reserving 1 12 cups of the pasta water. Set aside.nHeat the halfandhalf, cream cheese, and reserved pasta water in a large pot over medium heat, stirring until the cream cheese is completely melted and the mixture just comes to a simmer. Remove from heat and add the cheddar, Monterey jack, Dijon mustard, and hot sauce, whisking until the cheeses are melted and the sauce is smooth.nAdd the macaroni to the pot and stir to combine. It will look very loose, but the pasta will absorb some of the sauce as it bakes. Season to taste with salt if desired. Spread the macaroni mixture on an 18by13inch sheet pan.nToss the panko, butter and 12 teaspoon salt together in a medium bowl and sprinkle evenly over the pasta. Bake until the cheese is bubbly and the bread crumbs are brown and crisp, rotating halfway through, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 2 cups halfandhalf, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, or more to taste, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: ExtraCrunchy SheetPan Mac and Cheese, picturelink: TZUiV.Aheo55siIDbo1zGMBbv707KK}, 13178: {instructions: Place all of the ingredients in the breadmaker in the order listed. Set the machine for the regular cycle and light color. Start the machine and go somewhere and do something else.nWhen the cycle is finished, removed the bread from the pan and let it cool on a rack. This is wonderful while still slightly warm with sweet unsalted butter, or refrigerate it and slice into thin even slices for sandwiches., ingredients: [1 cup water, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons molasses, 1 tablespoon gluten, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 112 cups rye flour, 112 cups bread flour, 112 teaspoons dry yeast], title: Bread Machine Easy Rye Bread, picturelink: null}, 13179: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until soft. Add the sliced artichokes and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the beans and horseradish, stir to combine and season with salt and pepper to taste. Lay a sheet of pasta dough on a lightly floured work surface and distribute a heaping teaspoonsized portion of the filling at least 2 inches apart. Use your fingertip or a brush to moisten the edges of the pasta sheet with the egg wash. Carefully place a second sheet of the pasta dough on top of the first and press with your fingertips to separate the rows of filling. Repeat with the remaining dough. With a ravioli cutter or pastry wheel, cut along straight lines of the vertical and horizontal to form each ravioli square. Press the edges closed with your fingertips to seal well.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Carefully drop in the ravioli and cook for about 5 minutes. Drain and serve immediately.nFor the Green Pea Sauce: Place peas and vegetable stock in a medium saucepan and cook until peas are very soft. Place mixture in a blender and blend until smooth. Strain back into the pan and bring to a simmer. Cook until the mixture has thickened slightly. Season with coriander, lemon zest, cilantro and salt and pepper to taste.nFor the Piquillo PepperBlack Olive Relish: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with pepper. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutesnTo Assemble: Place 5 ravioli in each bowl. Ladle green pea sauce over the ravioli, garnish with ricotta salata and cilantro., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 artichoke hearts, cooked and thinly sliced, 2 cups cooked white beans, mashed with some texture left, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained, Salt and pepper, 4 sheets pasta dough, 2 eggs mixed with 2 tablespoons water, 1 12 cups fresh green peas, 3 cups vegetable stock, 1 teaspoon toasted coriander seeds, ground, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper, 4 Piquillo peppers, julienned, 14 cup Niccoise, pitted and coarsely chopped, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Pepper, Ravioli, Green pea sauce, 14 pound ricotta salata, finely shaved, Coarsely chopped cilantro], title: Artichoke and White Bean Ravioli with Fresh Green Pea Sauce, Piquillo PepperBlack Olive Relish and Ricotta Salata, picturelink: null}, 13180: {instructions: Thread 2 pieces of pork and 2 pieces of onion alternately on each skewer. Season with salt and pepper. Arrange kebabs in 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish. Whisk all remaining ingredients in medium bowl. Pour marinade over kebabs. Let stand for 30 minutes and up to 2 hours at room temperature or cover and refrigerate up to 1 day, turning occasionally. Preheat broiler. Drain marinade into small saucepan. Broil kebabs until pork is cooked through, turning frequently and basting occasionally with marinade, about 12 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds pork tenderloin, cut into 16 equal pieces, 2 onions cut into 16 pieces, 8 8 to 10inch bamboo skewers], title: Pork Souflaki, picturelink: null}, 13181: {instructions: With a fork, punch some holes in the cake still in its loaf pan.nIn a medium saucepan, mix the 3 milks and heat over low heat. When the milk mixture is hot, remove it from the stove.nPour the milk mixture slowly over the cake, being sure to fill all the holes. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes. Whip the heavy cream slowly adding sugar until soft peaks form. When the cake chilled, cover the cake with whipped cream. Using the chocolate covered candies and skittles, craft out a design of your own., ingredients: [1 pound cake, loafstyle, 6 ounces evaporated milk, 8 ounces heavy whipping cream, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 14 cup sugar, Chocolate covered candies, all in 1 color recommended: MMs, 12 cup crushed skittles], title: Tres Leches Cake, picturelink: .0rzvs10d.uSnbziBU5cVRee9Alq4Zy}, 13182: {instructions: This is a Hawaiian delicacy Its a good recipe for fresh oysters. Mix chiles, vinegar, water, garlic and sea salt together. Marinate oysters for about 15 minutes before grilling.nWhile grilling add butter, soy sauce and cayenne pepper or Hawaiian chili pepper., ingredients: [5 to 6 Thai chiles, 1 cup cider vinegar, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon Hawaiian sea salt, Oysters, shucked, Butter, Soy sauce, Cayenne pepper, or Hawaiian chili pepper], title: Grilled Fresh Opihi Limpet, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 13183: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nLine a 13 by 9inch baking pan with aluminum foil.nLay out almond slivers on baking sheet. Bake in oven until light brown, shaking the baking pan occasionally to mix them around, about 10 to 15 minutes.nMelt the chocolate morsels in a double boiler over low heat. Mix in the cranberries, almond slivers and tangerine zest.nPour into prepared pan. Smooth the chocolate mixture out into an even layer. Cool to room temperature and then refrigerate until hard, at least 1 hour. Use a knife to break up chocolate into jagged, varied sized bars., ingredients: [12 cup slivered almonds, 3 cups chocolate morsels, about 1 12 12ounce bags, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 tangerine, zested], title: Cranberry Almond Chocolate Bars with Tangerine Zest, picturelink: tea5pxy5zPM8j3p8yMcOhke7.JyHLO}, 13184: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the salmon with salt and pepper. In a large saute pan, over high heat, add the olive oil. Pansear the salmon fillets until golden on both sides, about 2 minutes on each side. Transfer to a preheated oven and continue to cook until medium done.nServe over a bed of Wasabi Mashed Potato, with half of the Miso and Plum Sauce drizzled over and with Cilantro and Mint Vinaigrette. Garnish with julienned green onions and sprigs of cilantro.nIn a blender or food processor, process the spinach and watercress to a fine puree. Pass through a tamis or stainer. Reserve.nCook the potatoes in salted, boiling water until done. Pass through a ricer. Whisk in hot heavy cream and butter, 1 small piece at a time. Just before serving, stir in wasabi paste and puree of spinach and watercress. Stir until well incorporated. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nYield: 8 servingsnIn a medium saucepan, heat the peanut oil. Over medium heat, add the garlic, shallots, ginger and green onions and saute until glossy and lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in star anise and black peppercorns. Continue to saute until aromatic, about 1 to 2 minutes.nDeglaze with the plum, port and red wines. Reduce until only about 1 cup of liquid remains. Add the lamb demiglace and chicken stock. Bring to a boil and lower to a simmer. Continue to simmer until slightly thickened. Stir in the raspberry puree, red miso paste and neriume. Continue to reduce until glossy.nStir in the butter. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. If too tart, add a pinch of sugar. Strain through a chinois and keep warm until needed.nIn a small bowl combine the mustard powder and the water and stir to make a paste and set aside. In a blender, combine the cilantro, mint, egg yolk, peanuts, cashews, lemon juice, pickled ginger, vinegar and reconstituted mustard. Process to a puree. While the motor is running, slowly add the peanut oil until emulsified. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and sugar. Refrigerate until needed. Use half of the vinaigrette for the lamb and reserve half for the salmon.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell.nYield: about 1 12 cups vinaigrette, ingredients: [8 6ounce skinless salmon fillets, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Wasabi Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, 12 cup Miso and Plum Sauce, recipe follows, 34 cup Cilantro and Mint Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 14 cup green onions, julienne, 14 cup cilantro sprigs, 1 cup spinach leaves, 1 cup watercress leaves, 2 pounds baking potatoes, like russets, peeled and quartered, 1 cup heavy cream, heated, 4 ounces butter, cut into pieces, 1 tablespoon wasabi paste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 14 cup peeled, smashed garlic, 1 cup peeled, sliced shallots, 3inch piece ginger, peeled, sliced, smashed, 12 bunch green onions, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 star anise, crushed, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, crushed, 2 cups plum wine, 2 cups Port, 1 cup red wine, 12 cup lamb demiglace, 2 cups chicken stock, 13 cup raspberry or blackberry puree, 1 teaspoon red miso paste, 1 teaspoon neriume Japanese apricot paste, 4 tablespoons butter, Salt, pepper, and sugar, 1 tablespoon mustard powder, 1 tablespoon water, 14 cup packed cilantro leaves, 14 cup packed mint leaves, 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons peanuts, toasted, 2 tablespoons cashews, toasted, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 18 cup pickled ginger, 2 tablespoons pickled ginger vinegar, 1 cup peanut oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sugar], title: Panseared Salmon served with Wasabi Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: FX0lF8fxFkKdNCo7.E7p3ri5pjrYEe}, 13185: {instructions: For dessert, warm the apple and cranberry sauces in microwave or in a small pot over low heat and season with cinnamon and orange zest. Place a little cranapple sauce in the bottom of a sundae dish, top with 2 scoops ice cream, more sauce and whipped cream, garnish with chopped pecans., ingredients: [1 12 cups all natural apple sauce, 12 cup good quality whole berry cranberry sauce recommended: Ocean Spray, 2 pinches ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons orange zest, 2 pints French vanilla ice cream, Whipped cream, 14 cup chopped toasted pecans], title: Cranapplesauce Sundaes, picturelink: null}, 13186: {instructions: Combine the flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. In separate bowl, combine the milk, eggs, and butter. With a wooden spoon, stir the wet ingredients into the dry until most of the lumps are dissolved. Dont overmix Mix in 2 cups of the grated Cheddar and the dill, and allow the mixture to sit at room temperature for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 13 by 2inch baking pan.nPour the batter into the prepared pan, smooth the top, and sprinkle with the remaining grated Cheddar. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool and cut into large squares. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 cups milk, 3 extralarge eggs, lightly beaten, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted, plus extra to grease the pan, 8 ounces aged extrasharp Cheddar, grated, divided, 1 cup minced fresh dill], title: Cheddar Dill Cornbread, picturelink: T2YabG79YDeKKAMD5kNpqs5mWTDAkK}, 13187: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the filling: Butter a 7by3inch round baking dish and set aside. In a large bowl, toss together the sliced peaches, blueberries, lemon juice, sugar, arrowroot, vanilla and salt. Pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish.nFor the topping: In a separate bowl, mix together the oats, flour, sugar, cinnamon and salt. Using your hands, work the butter into the flour mixture until there are no longer any powdery ingredients at the bottom of the bowl. Break apart large pieces of the topping mixture and place on top of the fruit until the fruit mixture is almost entirely covered. Bake until the topping is golden brown and crispy and the fruit mixture is bubbling, about 40 minutes. Let cool for at least 20 minutes. Serve with the ice cream., ingredients: [1 teaspoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, Two 16ounce bags frozen sliced peaches, 1 12 cups frozen blueberries, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 3 tablespoons turbinado sugar, 2 tablespoons arrowroot, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup turbinado sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled and cut into cubes, 1 pint vanilla ice cream], title: Aunt Raffys Peach and Blueberry Crisp, picturelink: QP0UI0cSaVmMITFQwvDyzZwF7TtE3U6}, 13188: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBrush a 9inch square baking dish with oil. Heat the extravirgin olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the fideos and cook, turning them with tongs, until golden brown on both sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer the bundles and any broken pieces to a plate.nAdd the onion to the skillet and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 8 minutes. Stir in the garlic, coriander, oregano, chili powder, and bay leaf, and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Crush the tomatoes over the pot with your hand and add them to the pot along with their juices. Add the chipotles, increase the heat to high, and cook until thickened, about 2 minutes. Stir in the broth, the toasted fideos, salt, and pepper, to taste. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer gently, uncovered, breaking up the fideos with a spoon, for about 5 minutes. Stir in the turkey.nRemove the bay leaf. Transfer the mixture to the prepared baking dish, sprinkle the grated cheese over the top, and cover loosely with foil. Bake until the cheese melts and the casserole is hot through and through, about 20 minutes. If desired, serve with some crema drizzled over the top.nCopyright c 2003 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for pan, 12 ounces fideos bundled vermicelli, 1 medium onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican, 1 teaspoon New Mexican chili powder, 1 bay leaf, 1 12 cups canned whole tomatoes, 1 to 2 chipotles en adobo sauce, minced, 1 12 cups chicken broth, homemade, or lowsodium canned, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded smoked turkey, 1 cup coarsely grated cheddar cheese 4 ounces, Mexican crema, or sour cream thinned with a bit of milk, optional], title: Sopa Seca: Mexican Noodle Casserole, picturelink: F4LHV916W4cft4rT4E1nNAM.FIy13wm}, 13189: {instructions: Heat vegetable oil and add onions. Saute, stirring constantly for about 10 minutes or until onions are golden and tender. Add garlic, ginger and spices and saute for a few seconds or until aromas are released. Add tomatoes and broth and simmer, uncovered until sauce is thick but still fluid. Slip eggs in and simmer just until eggs are heated through season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve over boiled texmati rice and garnished with almonds and chopped cilantro., ingredients: [4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 14 teaspoon each ground cumin, cardamom, coriander and turmeric, 2 cups finely chopped fresh plum tomatoes, 1 cup chicken broth, 6 hard boiled eggs, halved lengthwise, Salt and pepper, Toasted sliced almonds and chopped cilantro or parsley for garnish], title: Hard Boiled Eggs in Curried Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 13190: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine cashew nuts, coconut, chopped rosemary, and bread crumbs. Dredge the fillets of salmon in flour, then dip in beaten eggs. Next roll the fillets in the cashew, coconut, rosemary, and bread crumbs mixture. In a frying pan with hot olive oil, pan fry salmon fillets to desired doneness and set aside.nHibiscusLime Sauce: For the preparation of the sauce, pour off the excess of the olive oil, keeping 1 tablespoon and saute the shallots and hibiscus flowers. Add white wine and reduce until almost dry, then add the heavy cream and reduce to half of its volume. Lower the heat and gradually add the butter, whisking at all times alternating with lime juice, until thoroughly incorporated, adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Served with sliced encrusted salmon., ingredients: [12 cup cashew nuts, raw and ground, 13 cup coconut, shredded natural, 2 tablespoons rosemary, chopped fresh, 13 cup Panko Japanese bread crumbs, 4 6 ounce salmon fillets, skinned and boned, 12 cup flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, 2 eggs, beaten, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons shallots, chopped, 3 tablespoons hibiscus flowers, dry, 2 limes, juiced, 12 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces butter, room temperature, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Cashew and Rosemary Encrusted Salmon with HibiscusLime Sauce, picturelink: null}, 13191: {instructions: 1nsdkfhiashfhSAFASFASFASS, ingredients: [test, 2, 3, 4, 5], title: Coolio, picturelink: null}, 13192: {instructions: Add the coconut water, aloe vera, cucumbers and apples to the carafe of a blender and puree until smooth. Strain if desired. Serve immediately over ice., ingredients: [1 12 cups coconut water, 2 tablespoons foodgrade aloe vera gel or juice, 1 medium cucumber, seeded and diced, 12 apple, peeled, cored and diced], title: Aloe Vera Drink, picturelink: null}, 13193: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace the almonds on a cookie sheet and toast them in the oven for about 8 to 10 minutes, then transfer to a wide ceramic platter to cool off. Do not leave them on the cookie sheet or they will continue to cook and burn.nTurn oven up to 350 degrees F.nIn a stand mixer using a paddle attachment, beat 2 eggs, 2 yolks, melted butter, and 10 12 ounces sugar on medium speed.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, package of Lievito Pane degu Angeli, orange zest, and pinch of salt then slowly, one spoonful at the time, add the dry ingredients to the egg and sugar mixture and work until the dough forms and starts coming away from the sides of the bowl, about 2 minutes. Cooks Note: The dough should not be too wet. If the dough crumbles, add an extra egg yolk to bind the ingredients.nRemove the bowl from the mixer and stir in the almonds do this final step by hand as the almonds would break if added into the mixer.nButter 2 cookie sheets and, using your hands, separate the dough in two equal parts that you will roll into cylinders approximately 2inches thick by 8inches long.nIn a small bowl mix 2 tablespoons sugar and one egg, then with a pastry brush glaze the cookie dough evenly and place the sheets in the oven.nBake for about 35 to 40 minutes, until the top has reached a nice golden brown color.nRemove from the oven and rest on a cooling rack for about 1 hour, then using a bread knife, slice the cookies about 34inch thick.nTo ensure a proper crunchiness, leave the cookies to rest uncovered through the night, and then toast them in the oven at 350 degrees F for 10 minutes on each side the day after. When they cool off for the second time the will be perfectly tempered., ingredients: [2 egg yolks, plus 1 if dough crumbles, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 12 cups10 12 ounces300 g sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, for glaze, 3 12 cups17 12 ounces500 g allpurpose flour, 1 .5 ounce16 g package Lievito Pane degu Angeli vanillaflavored Italian leavener, Zest of 1 orange, Pinch salt, 2 cups raw, unpeeled almonds, 2 eggs], title: Biscotti Di Prato, picturelink: null}, 13194: {instructions: For the clovescented ketchup: Whisk together the ketchup and clove in a small bowl. Cover and let sit at room temperature.nFor the Home Fries: Heat the butter in a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the potatoes, zaatar, paprika, turmeric and a very generous amount of salt and toss to coat the potatoes. Use a spatula to press and crush the potatoes against the bottom of the pan. Cook until golden brown and crisp on the bottom, about 4 minutes. Turn in large chunks and press again to crisp. Cook until browned on the bottom, another 4 minutes. Taste and add salt as needed.nWhile the potatoes crisp, heat the vegetable oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the chiles and cook, stirring, until warmed and very slightly softened, about 1 minute. Stir in the herbs.nSpoon the chile mixture over the potatoes and drizzle with the lime juice. Serve straight from the pan, with the clovescented ketchup on the side., ingredients: [1 cup ketchup, such as Heinz, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 5 large russet potatoes, parboiled in salted water, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 2 teaspoons zaatar, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon turmeric, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 Fresno chiles, thinly sliced, 14 cup coarsely chopped mixed herbs a combination of cilantro, dill and parsley, Juice of 1 lime], title: Home Fries with Zaatar, Red Chile, Cilantro, Lime and CloveScented Ketchup, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}, 13195: {instructions: In a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough canola oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 375 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the flour, eggs, and bread crumbs in 3 separate shallow dishes. Add the water to egg dish. Dredge the eggplant slices through the flour, shaking off the excess. Then coat the eggplant with the eggs and then the bread crumbs. Put the breaded slices on a quarter sheet tray and set aside. Repeat the same procedure with the portobello caps. Working in several batches, fry the eggplant slices and mushroom slices in the fryer until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove them from the fryer to a half sheet tray lined with paper towels. Season the eggplant and mushrooms with the tablespoon of salt and pepper, after removing them from the fryer. Set aside.nIn a mediumsized saucepan, whisk together the soup and the milk. Bring it to a simmer over low heat. Stir in the pesto and tomatoes until well incorporated. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove from the heat and set aside.nLadle a few ounces of pesto sauce on the bottom of a casserole dish. Put a layer of fried eggplant on top of the sauce. Spoon an even amount of tomatoes over the eggplant. Ladle a few ounces of pesto sauce over the tomatoes. Sprinkle with some Parmesan and add a few slices of mozzarella. Top the cheese with the fried mushrooms and more sauce. Repeat with the remainder of ingredients finishing with pesto sauce and cheese. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes until the cheese begins to brown and sauce is bubbling., ingredients: [Canola oil, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 5 eggs, beaten, 1 12 cups panko bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon water, 1 eggplant, peeled, sliced into 18inch discs, 8 portobello mushroom caps, gills removed, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 cup white bean soup, 1 cup milk, 1 cup pesto, storebought, 1 14 12ounce can fire roasted tomatoes, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 2 8ounce balls fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced], title: Crispy Eggplant and Mushroom Lasagna, picturelink: JeVoY3uHii4E35WoooyrATXurn1drW}, 13196: {instructions: Coarsely chop 1 scallion and add it to the bowl of a food processor with the garlic pulse until garlic is minced. Add the mayonnaise, buttermilk, and salt and pepper, to taste, and pulse until well combined and smooth. Slice the iceberg into 1inch thick slices, cutting parallel to the core end and transfer to cold salad plates. Drizzle 2 to 3 tablespoons of the dressing over each slice. Thinly slice the remaining scallion, on a bias, and sprinkle over the salads.nNote: This dressing tastes better as it sits make it ahead and keep it chilled in the refrigerator., ingredients: [2 scallions, trimmed, 1 garlic clove, 12 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup buttermilk, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 head iceberg lettuce, washed, shaken dry, and cored], title: Iceberg Salad with Buttermilk Ranch Dressing, picturelink: WZmGoHHb7FClHArzR0MlJYP81gQuKJK}, 13197: {instructions: Heat the oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees F. Heat grill.nGrill bell peppers until it begins to char in a few spots. Grill bok choy, turning to grill on all sides until the stalks show signs of caramelization. Deepfry red potato halves until the cut sides are golden and they are tender inside. Drain potatoes on paper toweling. Cut bell peppers into strips and slice tough stem end off the bok choy. Combine peppers, bok choy and potatoes in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 liter canola oil, for deep frying, 3 large yellow bell peppers, halved and seeds and stems removed, 4 heads baby bok choy, rinsed but left as a bunch, 8 small 3 to 4 inch diameter red potatoes, skin on, scrubbed and halved], title: Par 3 Potatoes with Grilled Baby Bok Choy, picturelink: null}, 13198: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRub the rack of lamb with mustard and coat with bread crumbs. In a medium saute pan, heat 12 cup of olive oil on medium high heat. Sear the lamb on both sides until golden brown. Place in the oven for about 8 to10 minutes. When the lamb is cooked to desired doneness, let rest for 10 minutes. Slice the lamb into 1bone chops. Lay them against the potato salad with the bones up. Spoon the coulis around the plate and add the sliced scallions for garnish.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nToss the potatoes in the olive oil, season with the salt, freshly ground black pepper and the thyme. Place on a baking sheet and bake for 20 to 25 minutes. Pull the potatoes from the oven when they are golden brown, and let cool. In a small bowl, toss the potatoes with the pesto and chopped scallions. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste. Spoon onto a warm serving plate.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRub the pepper with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Place on a baking sheet or in an ovenproof skillet and place in the oven. Roast until the skin is evenly charred, about 20 to 30 minutes, turning every 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and place in a bowl. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let the pepper sit until cool enough to handle, 15 minutes. When pepper is cooled, peel and remove the stem and seeds. Place the pepper flesh in a blender. Add the remaining olive oil and water and puree until smooth. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Add more water or olive oil if the coulis is not the right consistency., ingredients: [3 2ounce lamb chops, cleaned and uncut, 2 cups your favorite mustard recommended: Pecorino Mustard, 2 cups bread crumbs, 12 cup olive oil, Pesto Potato Salad, recipe follows, Red Pepper Coulis, recipe follows, 1 cup quartered Yukon creamer potatoes, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup Artichoke Pesto find at specialty shop, 2 scallions, 1 chopped, 1 sliced thinly, for garnish, 1 red pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 tablespoon water, Salt, Pepper], title: Hunka Hunka Burnin Love Lamb Chops, picturelink: null}, 13199: {instructions: Make the mix.nWhisk the sugar, cream, buttermilk, condensed milk, evaporated milk, vanilla and candied pecans in a large bowl.nPour into a bag.nProp a 1gallon ziptop freezer bag open in a large container pour in the buttermilk mixture. Press out the air and seal. Chill the bag until ready to make the ice cream.nFill your container.nPut about 10 cups ice in the container, filling it about threequarters of the way, then pour in the sea salt. Nestle the sealed bag of buttermilk mixture in the ice.nStart shakingnTightly cover the container with the lid. Shake vigorously for about 15 minutes, or until the buttermilk mixture is thick. How long it takes depends on your shakinnServe and eat.nFor softserve, rinse the outside of the bag, snip a corner and pipe into bowls. For firmer ice cream, freeze 1 hour before scooping. Top with caramel bananas, if desired.nMelt the butter in a skillet over medium heat, then add the pecans, brown sugar, granulated sugar and salt. Cook, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is sticky, 6 to 8 minutes. Spread the nuts on a baking sheet to cool, then refrigerate at least 10 minutes before using.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bananas, stirring to coat. Sprinkle in the brown sugar and salt and cook, stirring, until the bananas are tender and coated with the sauce, 2 to 4 minutes. Spoon warm over ice cream.nPhotograph by David Land, ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 cups buttermilk, 23 cup sweetened condensed milk, 34 cup evaporated milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup candied pecans page 138, 12 cup coarse sea salt, Caramel bananas, for topping, optional recipe below, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup pecans, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 firm yellow bananas, chopped or sliced, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, Pinch of salt], title: ButtermilkPecan Ice Cream, picturelink: Vay6cyv4tXscc0SGSoBhDbT5bywiJa}}