{13500: {instructions: Put cranberries, syrup and salt in a pan and heat over high heat until cranberries begin to pop. Remove from heat, let cool and then puree in a blender. Add vinegar and taste for balance. Add more vinegar and thin with water if necessary. Strain through a fine strainer into a bowl or pitcher. Store in a clean jar or bottle do not use metal lids or tops and refrigerate. Keeps several weeks.nKeep this syrup on hand to add to iced tea and other cold drinks or for poaching fruit. It does not need to be refrigerated. The vanilla is minced to make sure all its flavor is extracted into the syrup.nPut the sugar, water, vanilla beans, a pinch salt, and the thyme leaves in a pot and bring to a boil over high heat. Lower heat to a simmer and cook about 4 minutes, stirring occasionally. Let cool. Puree syrup in a blender until vanilla beans are thoroughly chopped into the syrup. Strain through a fine strainer into a sterilized jar. If using vanilla extract instead of beans, add extract after the sugar syrup has cooled and pour into a jar. Seal tightly., ingredients: [1 bag fresh or frozen cranberries, 14 cup vanilla scented sugar syrup, recipe follows, Pinch salt, 34 cup Champagne vinegar 6 percent acidity, 4 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 2 vanilla beans, minced, or 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 1 sprig fresh thyme, leaves only], title: Cranberry Vinegar, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 13501: {instructions: Remove stems from greens and discard. Roll up like a cigar and slice into ribbons.nIn a large pot over medium heat, add bacon, onion, and garlic. Render bacon until crisp and the onion is tender, about 6 minutes.nStir in brown sugar, vinegar, broth, and bourbon. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer and stir in the collard greens in batches. Cover and cook for 1 12 hours until tender and soft., ingredients: [3 large bundles collard greens, wellwashed, 4 slices bacon, chopped, 12 onion, sliced, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 cup light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 4 cups chicken broth, 12 cup bourbon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Boozy Braised Collard Greens, picturelink: null}, 13502: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch baking pan with aluminum foil, and spray with the cooking spray.nStir together the butter, sugar, eggs and vanilla in a medium bowl. Add the flour, hot chocolate mix, salt and baking powder and stir until just combined. Stir in half the chocolate chips. Spread the mixture in the prepared baking pan.nBake until the brownies begin to pull away from the edges of the pan and are set in the center, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from the oven, immediately sprinkle with the remaining chocolate chips, and let stand until they are very soft, about 5 minutes. Spread the melted chips evenly with a spatula, and let cool for about 10 minutes. Use the foil to lift the brownies out of the pan, and let cool completely on a rack. Cut into 24 squares, and top each with 3 mini marshmallows., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup hot chocolate or cocoa mix, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, One 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips, 72 mini marshmallows], title: Hot Chocolate Brownies, picturelink: 7v1WB60ua5nNH892li20J1wTBTPT2UO}, 13503: {instructions: Start by making your spice cookies: In the bowl of a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Add the vanilla, salt and egg and mix well. Add the flour a little at a time, mixing well and scraping the sides of the bowl after each addition. Mix until well combined. Let chill for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nSplit the dough into 3 pieces. Into one, knead the ground cinnamon in with your hand until well incorporated. Into the next dough piece, knead in the nutmeg. And into the last, the cloves.nPick teeny tiny portions of the cinnamon dough about the size of a jelly bean, roll them between your fingers and place on the prepared baking sheets. Repeat with the nutmeg and clove dough making sure to keep track of the separate flavors until you have the desired amount of little cookies 20 to 30 of each. Bake until crisp, about 10 minutes. Let cool.nNext, make the butterscotch cookie coating: In a microwavesafe bowl, heat the butterscotch morsels and 1 tablespoon heavy cream in 30second increments, stirring every 30 seconds, until the butterscotch is melted. A touch more cream can be added if necessary. Add the corn syrup and very gently fold the mixture until its a thin, liquid consistency, only heating the mixture for an additional period of 15 seconds or less.nUsing a fork or slotted spoon or, if you can use them, chopsticks work well, dip your cookies in the butterscotch mixture to lightly coat them make sure you keep track of which flavor is which throughoutdont mix them up. The butterscotch creates delicious little pockets of butterscotch sauce while protecting the cookies from getting too soggy in the hot liquid panna cotta. Try to place them somewhere where the excess can drip off of the cookies a bit. Place the coated cookies in the freezer to harden, making sure not to mix up the different flavorsnGet out whichever 4 glasses you would like to present your dessert in this recipe made enough for four 8ounce stemmed sundae cups that we used. Wine glasses, martini glasses, tumblers, Irish coffee mugsany of these work, but, depending on size, the layer size will varynThe Irish cream panna cotta will be the bottom layer, so the first to make. In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the heavy cream and vanilla. Gently bring to just a boil, then immediately remove from the heat. Sprinkle the gelatin over the cream and whisk well until the gelatin is completely dissolved and no lumps remain, at least 1 to 1 12 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes, then add the Irish cream liqueur and stir well.nDivide the liquid among your 4 glasses and carefully place them in the refrigerator for 5 to 6 minutes to slightly set up. Get your cookies out of the freezer. Take out your panna cotta and add 5 to 6 of the coated nutmeg spice cookies to the layer up to you and then return the glasses to the refrigerator to set up completely will take up to 45 minutes.nThe next layer will be the brown sugar maple panna cotta layer. In a small saucepan over medium heat, gently bring the heavy cream, brown sugar, maple extract and vanilla to just a boil. Immediately remove from the heat and whisk in the gelatin until completely dissolved and no lumps remain, at least 1 to 1 12 minutes. Making sure that the Irish cream layer is set up, divide the brown sugar maple liquid among your 4 glasses. Return to the refrigerator for 5 minutes to set up, then add your coated cinnamon spice cookies. Chill for 45 minutes to set up completely.nThe final top layer will be the honey panna cotta. Heat the heavy cream and honey in a small saucepan over medium heat until it comes to just a boil. Remove from the heat and whisk in the gelatin until dissolved completely and no lumps remain, at least 1 to 1 12 minutes. Whisk in the milk.nMaking sure the other layers are completely set, divide the honey liquid among your 4 glasses. Let set up for 5 minutes, then add your coated clove spice cookies. Let the final layer set up for at least an hour.nWe garnished each serving with a gingersnap cookie for a beautiful, rich holiday dessert., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 13 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 to 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 cup butterscotch morsels, 1 to 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 packet powdered gelatin, 14 cup Irish cream liqueur, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons packed brown sugar, 12 teaspoon maple extract, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons powdered gelatin, 1 cup heavy cream, 5 tablespoons honey, 1 12 teaspoons powdered gelatin, 1 cup milk, 4 gingersnap cookies, for garnish], title: Sugar and Spice Panna Cotta, picturelink: EsBBmu6eFQnrl65VREJUp.GipbshSq}, 13504: {instructions: In this recipe, we do not peel the garlic bulb but rather roast it in its papery covering. With a very sharp knife, remove just enough of the root end of the garlic bulb to flatten it enough to sit upright. From the more tapered, flower end of the bulb, slice 14 to 12inch off the top to reveal the garlic cloves within, but do not remove too much of the cloves flesh.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the garlic bulbs upright in a baking dish, and drizzle 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil over the top of the exposed cloves.nSeason with a touch of salt and pepper, cover with aluminum foil, and roast 30 to 35 minutes, until the garlic cloves take on a rich golden color and the papery covering has begun to brown but has not blackened.nRemove from the oven and cool several minutes before serving. The garlic also can be served at room temperature and used in place of butter on the dinner table., ingredients: [2 large bulbs garlic, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Roasted Garlic, picturelink: null}, 13505: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the onions and 34 teaspoon salt, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden and soft, about 30 minutes. If the onions brown too quickly, reduce the heat to low. Uncover, increase the heat to medium high and continue to cook, stirring often, until caramelized, about 8 more minutes. Add 12 cup water to the skillet, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Simmer, stirring, until the water evaporates, about 2 more minutes transfer to a bowl and set aside. The onions can be made up to 3 days ahead cover and refrigerate, then reheat before using.nMix the mayonnaise, ketchup, relish and vinegar in a bowl set aside. Shape the beef into 8 patties, about 4 inches wide and 12 inch thick.nHeat a griddle or skillet over medium heat lightly brush with vegetable oil. Toast the buns on the griddle, splitside down. Spread each toasted bun bottom with about 1 tablespoon of the mayonnaise mixture, then top with a few pickles, some lettuce, 1 or 2 slices tomato and another dollop of the mayonnaise mixture set aside. Keep the griddle hot.nSeason both sides of the patties with salt and pepper. Working in batches if necessary, put the patties on the griddle and cook 3 minutes. Spread about 1 12 teaspoons mustard on the uncooked side of each patty, then flip and top each with 1 slice cheese continue cooking about 2 more minutes for medium doneness. Top 4 of the patties with caramelized onions, then cover with the remaining patties, cheeseside up. Sandwich the double patties on the buns.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for brushing, 2 large onions, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon sweet pickle relish, 12 teaspoon white vinegar, 2 pounds ground beef chuck preferably 60 percent lean, 4 hamburger buns, split, 14 cup sliced dill pickles, 34 cup shredded iceberg lettuce, 4 to 8 thin slices tomato, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup yellow mustard, 8 slices American cheese], title: AlmostFamous AnimalStyle Burgers, picturelink: BBdqPtfaCB1kKi0AA8dJnFwEpdd0QT6}, 13506: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolk, lemon juice, garlic, Worcestershire, pepper flakes, mustard, and anchovies. Slowly whisk in the oils to emulsify. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nPlace the lettuce in a large bowl. Sprinkle with Parmesan and black pepper. Drizzle with desired amount of dressing and toss well. Sprinkle top with croutons., ingredients: [1 egg yolk, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 anchovy fillets, mashed, Scant 1 cup vegetable oil, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large head romaine lettuce, cleaned and cut into 1 to 2inch pieces, Freshly grated Parmesan, 2 cups croutons], title: Caesar Salad, picturelink: WvOWFf82K4GUKn7dzAMFBVgEjzj.95m}, 13507: {instructions: Preheat the grill to high. Oil the grate.nCut the rind off the pineapple, leaving the green leaves intact. Cut the pineapple in half lengthwise through the leaves as well as the fruit to obtain 8 slender wedges of pineapple with leaves intact. Trim the core off each pineapple wedge. Have the melted butter in one shallow bowl mix the sugar, lime zest, cinnamon and cloves in another bowl.nDip each wedge of pineapple first in melted butter, then in the sugar mixture, shaking off the excess. Grill the pineapple wedges until browned and sizzling, 5 to 8 minutes per side. Transfer the pineapple wedges to plates or a platter. Serve with ice cream.nIf using the rum, heat it in a small saucepan until warm, almost hot, but do not let boil. Touch a match to the rum and pour it over the pineapple. Serve at once., ingredients: [1 ripe pineapple, 12 cup melted unsalted butter, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon grated lime zest, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, Ice cream, 12 cup dark rum or 151 proof rum, for flambeing optional], title: Grilled Pineapple, picturelink: null}, 13508: {instructions: Special equipment: Six 3 to 4ounce ice pop moldsnIn the pitcher of a blender add the blueberries, hazelnut milk, oats, honey, preserves, lemon juice and a pinch of salt, and puree until smooth.nDivide the mixture evenly among six 3 to 4ounce ice pop molds. Freeze until solid, at least 8 hours, but preferably overnight.nRest at room temperature for a few minutes before unmolding., ingredients: [2 cups blueberries, 23 cup unsweetened hazelnut milk, 14 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 3 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons blueberry preserves, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt], title: Healthy BlueberryOat Breakfast Ice Pops, picturelink: pydJkfVBYUKNj1ywoGlSaCVdkXmaqxu}, 13509: {instructions: Cook bacon in microwave until crisp and set aside on paper towels to drain. Heat a nonstick skillet over medium heat, add eggs and stir just until they are firm. Slice roll in half and toast. Top eggs with cheese and cover until cheese melts. Top roll with eggs and bacon., ingredients: [3 slices bacon, 3 eggs, beaten, Salt and pepper, Hard roll, Cheddar cheese], title: Bacon, Egg and Cheese on a Hard Roll, picturelink: null}, 13510: {instructions: In large pot melt butter. Add leeks and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Add potatoes and season with salt and pepper. Add water and bring to a simmer. Cook until vegetables are tender. Place 34 of soup into a blender and puree, return to pot and stir in cream. Serve hot or cold., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 3 cups leeks, sliced and washed, 4 cups potatoes, peeled and diced, Salt and pepper, 8 cups water, 2 cup heavy cream], title: Potato Leek Soup Vichyssoise, picturelink: null}, 13511: {instructions: Place 3 tablespoons celery salt in a thin layer in a small dish or shallow bowl. Take empty serving glasses and moisten their rims with a lime wedge. Dip rims in celery salt to coat. Shake off excess.nIn a pitcher, mix lime juice, Clamato juice, Worcestershire, hot pepper sauce, pepper, remaining celery salt, horseradish and vodka. Stir. Pour into glasses over ice., ingredients: [3 tablespoons plus 12 teaspoon celery salt, divided, 1 lime, quartered, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 24 ounces canned clamato juice, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly grated, or bottled horseradish optional, 6 ounces vodka], title: Bloody Caesar, picturelink: null}, 13512: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nAdd the tomatoes and red onion to a bowl and drizzle with oil. Season with salt and pepper. Add to a greased baking sheet. Add the garlic to a square of tinfoil, drizzle with olive oil and seal. Place on the sheet tray and roast for 25 minutes, until charred and tender.nRemove from oven and let cool for a few minutes. Add the vegetables and garlic to a food processor along with jalapeno, cilantro and lime juice pulse until chunky. Taste for seasoning and season with salt and pepper, if necessary.nAdd 1 tablespoon olive oil to a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once hot, add the fish and cook for 4 minutes per side. Top with the roasted salsa., ingredients: [6 plum tomatoes, sliced into quarter wedges, 12 red onion, sliced into quarters, Olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 7 cloves garlic, 1 jalapeno, sliced in half and seeds removed, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Juice of 1 lime, 4 5ounce centercut cod filets, skinned], title: Cod with Roasted Tomato Salsa, picturelink: krekfZgjlotIXtQVethVI.BtYtxe2Ie}, 13513: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 2quart casserole dish.nBring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil. Add the orzo, stir and cook for 5 minutes. Add the broccoli florets and cook until bright green, about 1 minute. Strain and set aside.nHeat a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the butter and flour, whisk together and cook for about 1 minute. Add the onions and garlic and cook, stirring, until the onions have softened, about 5 minutes. Whisk in the milk, bring the sauce to a low boil, reduce to a simmer and simmer gently for about 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and add 1 cup of the Havarti, sour cream, 2 tablespoons of the Parmesan, 1 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste. Gently fold in the broccoli and orzo.nTransfer the mixture to the buttered casserole dish. Sprinkle with the remaining 12 cup Havarti and 1 tablespoon Parmesan. Toss the bread crumbs with the remaining 1 tablespoon melted butter in a small bowl. Season with salt and spread evenly over the casserole. Bake until brown and bubbly, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon melted and more for greasing dish, Kosher salt, 1 cup dry orzo pasta, 6 cups broccoli florets about 12 ounces, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 small onion, diced about 12 cup, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 12 cups whole milk, 1 12 cups shredded Havarti, 14 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup panko bread crumbs], title: Broccoli and Orzo Casserole, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 13514: {instructions: Whisk the mustard and the vinegar together in a mixing bowl. Whisking constantly, add 23 tablespoons of the oil in a thin stream until the mixture thickens. Then in a steady stream, whisk in the remaining oil. Season with salt and pepper to taste. If desired, you can thin the vinaigrette by whisking in a few drops of water.nPreheat a gas grill to medium high, or preheat a grill pan on top of the stove to medium. Grill the radicchio and endive, uncovered, until they begin to wilt and char but are still holding their shape, 5 to 7 minutes, turning occasionally and brushing with the dressing leftover in the bottom of the mixing bowl. Place the radicchio and endive in a large bowl and add the vinaigrette and oregano. Toss to coat., ingredients: [3 large heads radicchio, cored and quartered, 3 large endives, halved lengthwise, 1 recipe Balsamic Vinaigrette see below, 14 cup fresh oregano leaves, finely chopped, 1 bunch arugula, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, salt and pepper to taste], title: Charred Tricolore Salad, picturelink: null}, 13515: {instructions: Evenly position two racks in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats. If you have only one baking sheet, let it cool completely between batches.nWhisk the sugars, eggs, oil and vanilla in a large bowl until smooth.nWhisk the flours, salt and baking soda in another bowl. Stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients with a wooden spoon take care not to over mix. Stir in the chocolate chips and dried fruit.nScoop heaping tablespoons of the dough onto the prepared pans. Wet hands slightly and roll the dough into balls. Space the cookies about 2 inches apart on the pans. Bake until golden but still soft in the center, 12 to 14 minutes, depending on how chewy or crunchy you like your cookies. Transfer the hot cookies with a spatula to a rack to cool. Serve.nStore the cookies in a tightly sealed container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [34 cup packed dark brown sugar, 34 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 cup oil, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole wheat pastry flour, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate chips or chunks, 4 ounces dried cranberries or dried cherries], title: Healthy Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: gW7hyppUnfHOFnEskUtLDSm0UFOC0jS}, 13516: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 12cup muffin tins with cupcake wrappers.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.nIn a separate bowl, combine the sour cream, vanilla, and almond extract. Set aside.nIn the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the butter and sugar and beat on medium speed until smooth. Set the mixer to low speed and add the eggs, 1 at a time, scraping thoroughly between each addition. Alternately add the flour and sour cream mixtures to the butter mixture in 2 batches, starting and ending with the flour mixture. Scrape down the bowl after each addition. Gradually pour in the coffee. Scrape down the bowl and beat until thoroughly combined.nDivide the batter evenly between the muffin tins. For cupcakes, bake 20 to 25 minutes or until they spring back after being touched. Allow the cupcakes to cool for 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 23 cups 12ounces allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups plus 2 tablespoons 4 ounces unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 8 ounces sour cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon pure almond extract, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 2 cups 14 ounces granulated sugar, 2 eggs, 1 14 cups 10 ounces strong coffee], title: Discoball Cupcakes, picturelink: Pbt8vpmxURLTswiPvPk.fcd62Xr1YP6}, 13517: {instructions: Heat the olive oil. Add the spices, carrots and rice and saute for a couple of minutes, stirring continuously until the rice is translucent.nAdd the broth, cover and simmer over low heat for 15 minutes or until the rice is tender and has absorbed all of the water. Season to taste with salt and pepper and keep off heat, covered, until the tuna is completed., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 carrots, peeled and finely diced, 1 cup long grain converted rice, 2 cups chicken broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Yellow Rice and Carrots, picturelink: null}, 13518: {instructions: In a nonstick skillet, heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking Add corn and pepper dice and saute, stirring, until tender but still crunchy, about 3 minutes. Stir in red pepper flakes and cook 15 more seconds. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 cups frozen corn kernels or fresh if in season, thawed in the refrigerator, 1 green bell pepper, halved, stem, seeds, and ribs removed, and cut into 14inch dice, Pinch red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Corn and Green Peppers, picturelink: X.GpZmroQ5HdRfz3jeRyzIbh.vUuiC}, 13519: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the waffle triangles on a rimmed baking sheet and bake for 5 to 7 minutes to dry out a bit. Remove from the oven and turn on the broiler.nTop the waffles with the sausage, drizzle with the maple syrup and cover with the cheese. Cook under the broiler until the cheese has melted completely, about 2 minutes. Top the nachos with the cooked eggs, avocado slices, tomatoes, scallions, jalapeno and cilantro. Serve with hot sauce if desired and garnish with sour cream., ingredients: [8 homemade or thawed frozen waffles, cut into triangles like tortilla chips, 1 pound breakfast sausage, crumbled and browned, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, 6 eggs, cooked sunnyside up or over easy, 1 avocado, thinly sliced, 12 cup quartered cherry tomatoes, 3 scallions, white and light green parts only, thinly sliced, 1 jalapeno, thinly sliced, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Hot sauce, for serving, optional, Sour cream, for garnish], title: Breakfast Nachos, picturelink: CkCQxL6HJE..oiu2QbfFBellD4DCidi}, 13520: {instructions: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh.nFor the vinaigrette: In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the garlic paste, lemon juice and zest, vinegar, salt, pepper and chili flakes. Gradually whisk in the olive oil. Cover and set aside.nFor the salad: Add the asparagus and fennel to the vinaigrette and toss to coat well. Brush the grill with some canola oil. Place the vegetables on the grill and cook until just caramelized and charred on all sides, about 4 minutes. Set aside to cool briefly.nHeat a small saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil and the pine nuts toast until just golden brown, about 2 minutes. Set aside to cool in the pan.nSlice the asparagus on the bias into 1inch pieces. Core the fennel halves, then slice them 18 inchthick. Add the asparagus and fennel back to the vinaigrette. Add the currants, olives, toasted pine nuts, arugula, salt and pepper. Toss well. Let sit for 5 minutes to allow the salad to absorb the vinaigrette. Transfer to a serving platter and garnish with the shaved Pecorino., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, smashed to a paste with a pinch of salt, 1 lemon, juice and zest, 14 cup Italian white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 bunches jumbo asparagus, trimmed, 1 large bulb fennel, trimmed, halved, Canola oil, for oiling grill, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup pine nuts, 12 cup golden currants, 12 cup oilcured olives, pitted, crushed, 3 cups baby arugula, Pinch kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup shaved Pecorino Romano], title: Grilled Fennel and Asparagus Salad, picturelink: LuoBxiokQmJkq6P0KCv1yCoQMldooly}, 13521: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Season chicken all over with salt and black pepper. Season with lemon and herb seasoning. Place in hot pan and cook 3 to 4 minutes per side, until cooked through.nMeanwhile, in a blender, combine artichoke hearts, basil, garlic, 12 cup chicken broth, oil and cheese. Process until smooth, adding more broth, if necessary, to create a thick sauce. Transfer chicken to a serving platter and top with pesto.nTo make kale: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add ham and cook 2 minutes, until golden brown. Add kale, beans and broth, cover and steam 5 minutes, until kale is tender. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Serve kale alongside chicken., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 4 4ounce boneless skinless chicken breast halves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon saltfree lemon and herb seasoning, 1 14ounce can waterpacked artichoke hearts, drained, 1 packed cup basil leaves, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 12 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, or more as needed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons grated Pecorino Romano or Parmesan, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 cup diced lean baked ham, 1 pound kale, chopped, 1 15ounce can pink beans, rinsed and drained, 12 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken with Artichoke Pesto and Braised Kale with Pink Beans and Ham, picturelink: P5Jcv3019jBG2tOD1WkaYpY7XrxllQ6}, 13522: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, toss together the almonds and the cherries. Line a baking sheet with waxed paper.nMelt half the chocolate in the top of a double boiler over slightly simmering water, over the lowest possible heat, stirring frequently. Make sure the water is not touching the top pan. Remove the double boiler from the heat and stir in the rest of the chocolate. Remove the top pan with the chocolate in it, gently wipe the bottom of it and set it aside for a moment. Replace the simmering water in the bottom pan with warm tap water. Put the pan of melted chocolate on top of the warm water. This will keep the chocolate at the right temperature while you make the clusters.nStir the fruitnut mixture into the chocolate. Spoon out heaping tablespoonsized clusters of the chocolate mixture onto the baking sheet about 1inch apart. Put them in the refrigerator to set for 15 minutes. Store and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup toasted almonds, coarsely chopped, 12 cup dried cherries, coarsely chopped, 6 ounces dark chocolate, finely chopped], title: Cherry Almond Chocolate Clusters, picturelink: TOnRqfq.XAAq.op4VACWbYc4Sb1YvyO}, 13523: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nMix together the cinnamon and rice cereal squares, dried apples, mini vanilla cookie wafers and almonds in a large bowl.nPut the butter in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat and bring to a simmer. Stir in the brown sugar. Bring to a boil and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and stir in the apple pie spice, salt and vanilla. Pour this over the cereal mixture and stir to coat completely. Spread in an even layer on the prepared baking sheets.nBake, stirring with a spatula after 15 minutes, until slightly golden, about 30 minutes total. Let cool, then transfer to a serving bowl., ingredients: [3 cups cinnamon cereal squares, such as Life, 3 cups rice cereal squares, such as Chex, 2 cups coarsely chopped dried apples, 1 12 cups mini vanilla cookie wafers, 1 cup sliced almonds, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup lightly packed brown sugar, 2 teaspoons apple pie spice or pumpkin pie spice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Apple Pie Party Mix, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 13524: {instructions: Pierce 3 russet potatoes a few times with a fork. Bake on an oven rack at 350 degrees F until tender, 1 hour let cool. Increase the oven temperature to 450 degrees F. Quarter the potatoes lengthwise and scoop out most of the flesh. Brush the potato wedges on both sides with melted butter season with salt and pepper. Bake skinside up on a baking sheet until crisp, 15 minutes. Flip, sprinkle with a mix of grated sharp cheddar and habanero cheese and bake until melted, 3 more minutes. Top with sour cream and chopped scallions., ingredients: [], title: Fiery Potato Skins, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 13525: {instructions: Arrange mushrooms in a shallow glass dish. In a bowl whisk together lemon juice, vinegar, garlic and salt and pepper to taste. Add the oil, a little at a time, whisking until combined well. Stir in the herbs. Pour dressing over mushrooms, turning to coat, and marinate for 15 minutes. Heat grill pan until hot. Add mushrooms and grill for 3 minutes on each side, basting with marinade, or until just firm.nRecommended Wine: 1994 Coturri Albarello, Sonoma, ingredients: [4 large Portobello mushrooms, stemmed and cleaned, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, I tablespoon Balsamic vinegar, 2 large garlic cloves, crushed and minced to a paste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced fresh herbs, such as thyme leaves, chives. tarragon or basil, or a combination], title: Grilled Portobello Mushrooms Italian Style, picturelink: null}, 13526: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Fill the cupcake pan with paper liners.nBeat the granulated sugar and butter until light and fluffy in a standing mixer. Beat in the eggs. Add the lemon zest and juice and beat until combined.nSift the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a separate bowl. Alternately add the buttermilk and flour mixture to the standing mixer, beating well between each addition.nFill the cupcake liners twothirds full. Bake the cupcakes until a toothpick inserted comes out clean, 18 to 22 minutes. Refrigerate the cupcakes until they are completely cooled.nFor the filling: Cook 13 cup water, 1 cup of the blueberries and granulated sugar over medium heat for 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Once the blueberries begin to burst, add the remaining 1 cup blueberries and cook on medium heat, 8 to 10 minutes. The filling is done when it coats the back of a metal spoon.nFor the frosting: Beat the butter and cream cheese until light and fluffy in a standing mixer. Add the powdered sugar, vanilla and salt. Beat until light and fluffy.nCore the cupcakes using an apple corer. Fill each cupcake core with the blueberry compote filling and top with the cream cheese frosting., ingredients: [1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, 4 egg whites, Zest of 2 lemons, Juice of 2 lemons, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 23 cup buttermilk, 2 cups blueberries, 13 cup granulated sugar, Cream Cheese Frosting:, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 8 ounces cream cheese, 7 12 cups powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Lemon Cupcakes with Blueberry Compote Filling and Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: null}, 13527: {instructions: Combine the sugar, water, ginger and vanilla bean and seeds in a small saucepan over medium heat and bring to a boil. Cook the mixture until the sugar is completely dissolved, about 1 minute. Cool at room temperature and strain.nCombine the pineapple juice, 1 cup of pineapple cubes, the simple syrup and vodka in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into glasses filled with pineapple cubes, if desired, and garnish with mint and pineapple slices., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 12 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 2 cups fresh pineapple juice, 3 cups fresh pineapple juice, poured into ice cube trays and frozen, 14 cup vanilla vodka or plain vodka, Mint sprigs, for garnish, Pineapple slices, for garnish], title: Pineapple Ginger Vanilla Vodka, picturelink: null}, 13528: {instructions: Put the potatoes and 12 cup salt in a large saucepan. Cover by about 1 inch with cold water. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer until the potatoes are fork tender, 5 to 8 minutes. Drain the potatoes and return to the pot. Set aside to dry so the salt crystalizes, about 5 minutes. Keep warm.nDivide the potatoes among 4 plates. Drizzle with some Ranch Dressing and sprinkle with some bacon and scallions.nSmash the garlic on a cutting board, sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt, and, with the side of a large knife, mash and smear the mixture to a coarse paste. Scrape the paste into a small bowl and add the mayonnaise, buttermilk, chives, parsley, vinegar, scallion and black pepper to taste. Whisk well to make a creamy dressing. Use immediately or refrigerate in a tightly sealed container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 pound mixed baby potatoes, Kosher salt, Ranch Dressing, recipe follows, for serving, Crumbled cooked bacon, for serving, Sliced scallions, for serving, 1 clove garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 1 scallion white and light green parts, thinly sliced], title: SaltCrusted Baby Potatoes with Ranch, Bacon and Scallions, picturelink: null}, 13529: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nPeel the papery skin off the shallots, being careful to leave them whole as whole as possible.nPut the butter into a saute pan over medium heat until it begins to bubble. Add the shallots, shaking the pan to coat them with butter, and brown on all sides until nicely caramelized to a rich, golden brown color. This will take about 6 to 8 minutes. Sprinkle with the sugar, add the salt, pepper, and stock, and bring to a boil. Pour the contents of the saute pan into a casserole or baking dish. Place into the oven for 20 minutes.nCheck after 10 minutes to stir the contents of the dish and to ensure that the liquid has not evaporated. If it has, add several tablespoons of water to keep the dish moist until the shallots have cooked completely.nAfter the shallots have roasted for 20 minutes, the liquid will have evaporated and the shallots should be caramelized to a rich dark golden brown color and should be tender when pierced with a knife., ingredients: [16 to 24 large shallots, about 1 pound small onions may be substituted, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 14 cup chicken stock], title: Caramelized Shallots, picturelink: null}, 13530: {instructions: For the dressing: In a bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, catsup, relish, vinegar, celery seed and hot sauce, mixing well. Then blend with the sauerkraut and hold.nFor the burgers: Preheat a grill to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, blend the beef, corned beef and pork by hand, mixing well until evenly and thoroughly mixed. Next, portion the meat into 4 equal patties and sprinkle evenly with salt and pepper on both sides. Grill the burgers on the first side for 5 to 6 minutes, then flip and repeat grilling on the second side.nWhile the burgers are cooking, in a saute pan over high heat, add grapeseed oil, allow to heat until smoking then reduce the heat to medium. Next, add the dressed sauerkraut and cook until browned, 3 to 4 minutes, stirring with a spatula during the process. Once cooked, add onequarter of the dressed kraut on the top of the burgers, and then top with the cheese.nTo build the burgers: Heat a pan over mediumhigh heat, add the butter to the pan and brown the rolls one at a time, repeating the process until all the rolls have been browned. Then place the dressed burgers on the bottom buns, finish with the bun top and serve., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup catsup, 14 cup pickle relish, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 2 cups sauerkraut, drained, Grapeseed oil, for cooking, 1 pound ground beef, 8020 blend, 1 pound corned beef, ground, 1 pound ground pork, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 slices Swiss or Gruyere cheese, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pats, 4 goodquality kaiser rolls], title: Rueben Burger, picturelink: ZAZ.Yvt4JOFBZ4woXJc5GMmhCFf0W}, 13531: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the butter, salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, apple juice and 12 cup water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Off the heat, stir in the flour then return the pan to the heat and cook, stirring continuously, until the mixture forms a ball, about 2 minutes. Transfer the cooked flour mixture to a medium bowl. Using an electric hand mixer on low speed, add the eggs one at a time, incorporating each egg completely before adding the next. Beat until smooth. If not frying immediately, cover the bowl with plastic wrap and reserve in the refrigerator.nPour enough oil into a large frying pan to reach a depth of 2 inches. Heat over medium heat until the oil registers 350 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Using a small ice cream scoop or two small spoons, scoop out 1 tablespoon of dough and push two of the frozen candies into its center. Smooth the dough over the candies to fully encase them. Carefully drop the filled dough into the hot oil. Fry in batches, turning the zeppole once or twice, until they are golden and puffed up, about 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nCombine the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and the cinnamon in a small bowl. Toss the fried zeppole in the cinnamonsugar. Arrange on a platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, plus 2 tablespoons for dusting, 12 cup apple juice, 1 cup flour, 4 eggs, at room temperature, Grapeseed oil, for frying, 1 cup peanut butterchocolate candies, such as Reeses Pieces, frozen, 1 tablespoon cinnamon], title: Peanut Butter CandyFilled Zeppole, picturelink: sZSxH6VTbtTn3YZKhhRW0iYNdIw8BHm}, 13532: {instructions: Rinse goat meat well, rub lime juice over it from 12 whole lime, place meat in a bowl, then add salt, black pepper, Scotch bonnet, thyme, allspice, curry powder, scallions, onion and garlic. Leave to marinate for at least 2 hours in the refrigerator, longer would be ideal. Heat the oil in a skillet until it is very hot, and saute the meat until golden brown. Then add the marinade, tomatoes and coconut milk, if using, and simmer for approximately 3 more minutes. Add water, reduce heat and allow to simmer for 2 to 3 hours stirring occasionally until meat is tender., ingredients: [2 pounds goat meat or lamb without bones, 1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 Scotch bonnet pepper any color, seeded and minced, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon ground allspice dry pimento berries, 3 tablespoons curry powder, 2 whole scallions, sliced, 1 onion, sliced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 tomatoes, diced, 12 cup coconut milk optional, 7 cups water], title: Curry Goat, picturelink: null}, 13533: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare a grill or preheat a broiler. If using a broiler, line a baking sheet with foil.nCombine the mayonnaise, pickles, onion, lemon juice, and garlic powder in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nBrush the tilapia fillets with some olive oil and season them with the salt and black pepper. Cut the bread into 4 7inch sections, then halve each section lengthwise.nPut the fish on the grill or, if broiling, transfer the fillets to the prepared baking sheet. Grill or broil, turning once, until the fish is cooked through, about 6 minutes. Lay the bread on the grill, cut side down, or broiler, cut side up, and grill or broil until toasted, about 1 minute.nFor 1 sandwich, layer 1 tilapia fillet on the bottom slice of bread, followed by 2 slices of tomato and 1 lettuce leaf. Spread the top slice of bread with 2 tablespoons of the tartar sauce and cover the sandwich. Repeat with remaining bread and filling. Arrange on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped sweet pickles, 2 tablespoons chopped red onion, 1 12 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 4 7ounce tilapia fillets, Olive oil, for brushing, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 to 2 loaves French bread, 2 medium beefsteak tomatoes, cut into 8 slices, 4 leaves romaine lettuce], title: Grilled Tilapia Po Boys with Homemade Tartar Sauce, picturelink: oG2636jrJRNV9WSUptILKKvrjEsK8bO}, 13534: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a Dutch oven, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the chorizo and cook until it releases its fat. 8 to 10 minutes. Add the chicken, onions and garlic and brown the chicken on all sides, about 10 minutes.nAdd the rice and toast for 30 seconds. Add the tomato paste, followed by the saffron and then the wine, stirring. Add the chicken stock, cover and cookno stirringfor 20 to 25 minutes. By then the rice should be almost done.nAdd the shrimp, mussels and peas and continue to cook until the rice is fluffy and the mussels have opened. Season with salt and pepper. Finish with the scallions and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup sliced chorizo about 8 ounces, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into cubes, 1 cup chopped Spanish onions about 1 large, 2 tablespoons finely minced garlic, One 8ounce box Spanish rice, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, Pinch of saffron threads, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 8 ounces peeled, tailon medium shrimp, 8 ounces mussels, 1 cup frozen peas, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup sliced scallions], title: Quick Paella with Chorizo, Shrimp and Chicken, picturelink: yoHQFMjRftOrvJqJEVUUBMO21GdY5i}, 13535: {instructions: Whisk the egg yolks, lemon juice, sugar, lemon zest and salt in a medium bowl and mix together well. Place over a pot of simmering water and whisk until the yolks are very thick, about 6 minutes. Cool.nCombine 14 cup whipping cream and the white chocolate in a mixing bowl over a pot of simmering water. Stir until melted and smooth. Cool to room temperature.nBeat the remaining 2 23 cup whipping cream until firm peaks form. Divide the whipped cream between the lemon and white chocolate mousse bases, folding in 1 cup at a time.nLayer the lemon mousse in 6 parfait glasses. Top with 2 tablespoons strawberries. Then layer the white chocolate mousse over the strawberries. Repeat the layering 2 more times., ingredients: [5 egg yolks, 12 cup lemon juice, 12 cup sugar, 4 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, Pinch salt, 14 cup plus 2 23 cup 35percent whipping cream, One 3.5ounce bar white chocolate, finely chopped, 4 cups strawberries, hulled and sliced], title: Lemon and White Chocolate Mousse Parfaits with Ruby Red Strawberries, picturelink: null}, 13536: {instructions: In a large, heavy saucepan, bring the beans and 4 cups of water to a boil. Boil briskly for 2 minutes, then remove from the heat and let stand, covered, for 1 hour.nIn a 5quart Dutch oven, melt the butter. Add the onions, celery, carrot, and garlic, and cook until soft but not browned. Add the ham hock, the remaining 4 cups water, parsley, salt, cayenne pepper, cloves, mustard seed, bay leaf, and beans with their liquid. Bring to a boil, cover, reduce heat, and simmer for about 3 hours.nRemove the ham hocks and let cool slightly. Remove and discard bay leaf. Place about half of the beans with about 1 cup of the liquid from the soup in a blender or food processor. Process until smooth. Return the puree to the soup in the Dutch oven.nRemove the ham from its bone and add the meat to the soup. Discard fat, bones and skin. Reheat the soup over medium heat. Stir in the sherry. Serve hot soup with choice of garnishes to sprinkle on top., ingredients: [1 pound dried black beans, rinsed and drained, 8 cups water, 2 tablespoons butter or margarine, 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 stalk celery, thinly sliced, 1 medium carrot, shredded, 1 clove garlic, minced or pressed, 1 ham hock about 1 pound, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 18 teaspoon whole cloves, 18 teaspoon mustard seed, 1 bay leaf, 13 cup dry sherry, Thinly sliced green onions, crumbled crisp bacon, sour cream, sieved hardcooked egg, and thin lemon slices, for garnish], title: Sherried Black Bean Soup, picturelink: null}, 13537: {instructions: Season both sides of chicken with salt and black pepper. In a large skillet, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add chicken and cook 2 minutes per side until golden brown.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together coconut milk, green chilies, curry powder, garam masala, and cumin. Add mixture to chicken and bring to a simmer. Simmer 5 minutes, until chicken is cooked through and sauce reduces slightly. Spread couscous onto a serving platter, top with chicken and garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves about 5 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 14ounce can coconut milk, 1 4ounce can diced green chilies, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon Garam masala, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 cup couscous, cooked according to package directions, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Chicken with Green Curry Sauce, picturelink: qkkJk15NNtp34.3dDbNgdGJRjjzEF8e}, 13538: {instructions: If using fresh herbs, make an herb packet by placing a large square of cheesecloth on a counter. Place the thyme, rosemary and half the oregano in the center, gather the ends together and tie to enclose. Remove the leaves from the remaining bunch of oregano, chop and reserve.nCombine the beans, fresh herb packet or the dried herbs and water in a large saucepan or stockpot. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, covered, until the beans are cooked through but still firm, 1 hour. Remove from the heat. Lift out and discard the herb bundle.nIn a large stockpot, heat the olive oil or butter over medium heat. Saute the onions until golden, 15 to 20 minutes.nStir in the garlic and cook just until the aroma is released, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and their liquid, salt, pepper and half of the reserved chopped oregano if using fresh. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, stirring frequently, until the liquid is evaporated. Stir in the beans and their cooking liquid and cook 5 minutes longer.nPour in the vegetable stock or water. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook about 40 minutes, or until the beans are very tender.nServe hot, garnished with the remaining chopped fresh oregano and lime wedges., ingredients: [1 bunch fresh thyme or 1 tablespoon dried, Large sprig of fresh rosemary or 1 12 teaspoons dried, 2 bunches fresh oregano or 1 tablespoon plus 1 12 teaspoons dried, 3 cups dried white beans, washed and picked over, 12 cups water, 14 cup olive oil or 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, diced, 6 garlic cloves, minced, 2 cups canned tomatoes, chopped, with their liquid, 2 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 quarts vegetable stock or water, 2 to 2 12 limes, quartered], title: White Bean Soup with Tomatoes and Herbs, picturelink: null}, 13539: {instructions: Split the biscuit in half to begin building the sandwich. Put the bottom of the biscuit on a serving plate and lay the cooked chicken breast on top. Dress with the gravy, then the bacon and the cheese. Top with the fried egg and cover with the other half of the biscuit Dress the plate with chives and serve., ingredients: [1 creamtop buttermilk biscuit, 3 ounces boneless fried chicken breast, 3 ounces sausage gravy, 1 12 strips thick cut bacon, cooked until crisp, 1 slice Cheddar, 1 fried egg, Pinch fine diced or chopped fresh chives], title: The Reggie Deluxe, picturelink: null}, 13540: {instructions: Put the lemon peels, lavender, if using, and rum or vodka in a container and let stand for 4 weeks.nStrain the mixture into a decanter.nMix the sugar and water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until the sugar has dissolved. Let cool before adding to the rum mixture.nServe in small aperitif glasses.nStore in the freezer for up to 1 year., ingredients: [12 Meyer lemons, or a mixture of lemons and limes, peel only, no pith, 3 sprigs lavender, optional but lovely, 2 liters light rum or vodka, 6 cups sugar, 3 cups water], title: Limoncello, picturelink: null}, 13541: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine sugar, brown sugar and butter. Beat with an electric hand mixer until fluffy. Add the peanut butter, vanilla and egg, blend well. Add the flour, baking soda and salt to dough mixture and mix well. With a wooden spoon or rubber spatula, stir in butterscotch chips. Take small dollops of dough and shape, with your hands, into 1inch balls. Place 2 inches apart on a cookie sheets. Make sure that the cookies are at leat 2 inches apart from each other because they will spread. Dip a fork into sugar and flatten the balls lightly with the fork in a crisscross pattern. Bake cookies for 6 to 9 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove cookies from cookie sheet immediately and place on wire racks to cool thoroughly. After cookies have cooled, dip in chocolate sauce., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 6ounce package butterscotch morsels, Granulated sugar, for tops of cookies, Chocolate sauce, for dipping], title: Chocolate Peanut Butterscotch Cookies, picturelink: null}, 13542: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo add a little kick to these brownies, lightly brown 2 cups hazelnuts in 2 tablespoons peanut oil. Let cool, then remove the skins by rubbing the nuts in between a clean dish towel. In a food processor, pulse the nuts until they are slightly crumbled, then add the cocoa powder and the chili powder and pulse until fully incorporated. Transfer to a bowl and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine an 8 by 8inch baking pan with parchment paper leaving a 2inch overhang to use as handles for removal.nAdd the butter and chocolate to a mediumsized saucepan over medium heat, stirring to melt. Once melted and smooth, remove from heat. Whisk in the sugars. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, stirring between additions, then add the vanilla extract.nWhisk together the cocoa powder, flour, baking powder and salt, if using, in a separate bowl. Add the dry ingredients to the chocolate mixture and stir well.nFold in 1 12 cups of the hazelnut mixture. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and spread evenly. Sprinkle the top with the remaining 12 cup of hazelnut mixture and bake for 20 to 30 minutes. Remove the brownies from the oven, and cool to room temperature. Cut into squares and sprinkle with confectioners sugar before serving., ingredients: [2 cups hazelnuts, toasted, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 tablespoons Mexican cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon ancho chili powder, 12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 5 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup brown sugar, firmly packed, 3 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure Mexican vanilla extract, 13 cup Mexican cocoa powder, 12 cup allpurpose flour plus 2 tablespoons when at high altitude, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon table salt, optional, Confectioners sugar, to garnish], title: JJs Mexican Brownies, picturelink: TD2wUsuhL05k3kJkdIwMeFtQm0m9YK}, 13543: {instructions: Pierce sweet potatoes with fork and wrap in foil. Bake in jacket until soft about 45 minutes at 425 degrees F. When cool enough to handle, peel potatoes and slice crosswise to prevent strings.nReduce oven heat to 375 degrees F.nMash potatoes then add sugar, butter, eggs, condensed milk, and spices, including vanilla extract, if desired. Stir ingredients together then beat until well mixed, and pour into a 9inch pie shell. Bake in the middle rack until brown and center of pie is set, about 50 minutes.nWhip all ingredients until stiff. Garnish pie with whipped cream.nCombine the flour, salt and sugar in the work bowl of a food processor. Using the steel blade, mix ingredients for 1 to 2 seconds. Add the butter and cut into the dry ingredients by turning the food processor on and off in quick pulsing motions until the mixture resembles coarse breadcrumbs. Sprinkle 14 cup of the ice water over the mixture and again turn the processor off and on in quick pulses until the mixture begins to hold together in a mass. The dough should be crumbly but not too dry. If it is too dry, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time.nNote: If you are making this recipe by hand without a food processor  combine flour, salt and sugar in a bowl and mix well. Use your fingertips, or a pastry blender, and cut the butter into the dry ingredients as quickly as possible until the mixture resembles coarse breadcrumbs. Sprinkle 14 cup of the ice water over the dough and combine with your fingertips or a fork until the dough has just begun to hold together. If the dough is too crumbly, add more ice water, 1tablespoon at a time.nPlace dough onto a sheet of waxed paper and form into a ball. Flatten the dough into a disk then wrap the dough with the waxed paper and refrigerate for about 1 hour.nOnce chilled, place dough onto a lightly floured surface. Sprinkle the top with a bit of flour and also dust the rolling pin with flour to avoid sticking. Roll out dough from the center, toward the edges. After each time the dough is rolled, lift and give it a quarter turn, using more flour as needed. Carefully roll out dough into a 12inch circle. Gently transfer the dough into a 9inch pie pan, pressing dough lightly into sides and bottom of pan, using fingertips. Allow for a 1inch overhang around perimeter, trimming excess as needed. Fold overhang back into sides of pie pan to minimize shrinkage. As a finishing touch, gently crimp edges all around. Prick bottom of shell with a fork and chill for at least 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 sweet potatoes, 1 13 cups granulated sugar, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, softened and cut into 4 pieces, 3 large eggs, 12 cup canned sweetened condensed milk, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, optional, 1 9inch unbaked pie crust, recipe follows, Maple flavored whipped cream, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon sugar, 4 teaspoons pure maple syrup, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, unbleached, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 12 cup 1 stick very cold unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, 14 cup ice water slightly more may be needed], title: Sweet Potato Pie, picturelink: null}, 13544: {instructions: Heat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Place salami in heated pan. Drizzle salami with olive oil, and cook, stirring. The salami will give off steam in about 5 minutes while it releases its moisture. When the hiss of steam turns to a sizzle, turn the heat down to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until the salami bits are crisp, about 15 to 20 minutes.nUsing a slotted spoon, transfer the bits to several thicknesses of paper towel to drain. The bits will crisp even more as they cool. Use immediately or freeze the bits for up to 6 months and warm in a skillet, as needed., ingredients: [1 pound salami, very finely minced or ground with the medium blade of a meat grinder, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Salami Bits, picturelink: aFNFbNCOWZ4DHMxfverHg.V7az1xRq}, 13545: {instructions: Coarse salt, pepper, sesame or poppy seeds, minced garlic or whatever you like for sprinkling, optionalnHeat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or lightly dust with flour. Put flour, 12 teaspoon salt, cheese, and butter in bowl of a food processor. Pulse until flour and butter are combined. Add about 14 cup cream or halfandhalf and let machine run for a bit continue to add liquid a teaspoon at a time, until mixture holds together but is not sticky.nRoll out dough on a lightly floured surface until 12inch thick or even thinner, adding flour as needed. Transfer sheet of dough to prepared baking sheet drape it over rolling pin to make it easier. Score lightly with a sharp knife, pizza cutter or a pastry wheel if you want to break crackers into squares or rectangles later on. Sprinkle with salt or other topping if you like.nBake until lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Cool on a rack serve warm or at room temperature or store in a tin for a few days., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more as needed, Kosher salt, 12 cup finely grated fresh Parmesan cheese, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup cream or halfandhalf, plus more as needed], title: Parmesan Cream Crackers, picturelink: null}, 13546: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSeparate the ramen noodle blocks into 2 thin ramen squares each 4 thin ramen squares total. Pour 14 cup of tomato sauce on each ramen square and top with 14 cup mozzarella, 1 12 teaspoons Parmesan and 4 slices of pepperoni.nTransfer the ramen pizzas to a baking sheet and bake until the cheese has melted and the edges are a dark golden brown, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 packages ramen noodles, 1 cup tomato sauce, 1 cup grated mozzarella, 2 tablespoons Parmesan, 16 pepperoni slices], title: Ramen Pizza, picturelink: null}, 13547: {instructions: For the meatballs: Cut the bread into small cubes and combine with the buttermilk, parsley, garlic, egg yolks, cayenne pepper, salt, crushed chiles, black pepper, white pepper and gelatin mixture. Mix well into a paste. Add the beef, pork, veal, prosciutto, Romano and olive oil. Mix thoroughly.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a baking sheet.nForm the mixture into twelve 4 12ounce meatballs and place on the prepared baking sheet. Cook until the internal temperature reaches 155 degrees F.nFor the marinara sauce: Heat a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil, onions and garlic. Cook until softened. Remove from the heat and combine in large bowl with the tomatoes, basil and pepper. Crush the tomatoes by hand to the desired size.nFor the meatballs and sauce: Place the meatballs in baking pan and submerge with the finished marinara. Cover the pan and bake for 20 minutes.nRemove the meatballs and place in a serving bowl. Top the meatballs with the marinara and garnish with the Parmesan, chopped pistachios and lime zest., ingredients: [3 slices white bread, 34 cup buttermilk, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 2 large egg yolks, 12 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon crushed red chiles, 12 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon gelatin mixed with 12 tablespoon water, 8 ounces lean ground beef, 8 ounces ground pork, 8 ounces ground veal, 3 ounces finely minced prosciutto, 34 cup grated Romano, 34 cup olive oil, 15 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 15 ounces fine diced yellow onions, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 34 gallon whole cooked plum tomatoes with juice, 34 ounce sliced fresh sweet basil, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 8 ounces shredded Parmesan, 4 tablespoons chopped pistachios, 2 tablespoons freshly grated lime zest], title: Public House Meatballs, picturelink: mHB3tWn9AQAgKj5cQVe1biSN3Ta7J.}, 13548: {instructions: Cook vermicelli in salted water to al dente drain. Heat extravirgin olive oil and butter with garlic over medium heat and cook garlic until it begins to soften, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove garlic and raise heat. Fry the scallions in the seasoned oil for 3 to 4 minutes. Add welldrained pasta to the pan and season with salt and pepper. Toss the pasta liberally with the scallions and seasoned oil. Place a plate smaller than the pan down over the vermicelli and weight it with a few cans or a heavy skillet. Let the vermicelli brown and crisp up a bit. Remove the skillet and plate and invert onto a serving platter. Garnish with basil., ingredients: [1 pound vermicelli, Salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 3 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces, 3 cloves garlic, crushed away from skins, 6 scallions, whites and greens, cut into 3inch pieces then shredded lengthwise, Pepper, 20 leaves fresh basil 1 cup, shredded into a chiffonade], title: Fried Vermicelli and Green Onions, picturelink: JjkIFPWqmTj3bNiStl5rhnwjYWz6}, 13549: {instructions: In the bowl youll serve the salad in, whisk together yogurt, olive oil, lemon juice, mint and cilantro. Stir until combined, season to taste with salt. Set aside in refrigerator.nUsing a Vslicer or the largest holes on a box grater, julienne the beets and apples. Add to bowl with dressing, toss to coat. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup low fat plain yogurt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh mint, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, Coarse salt to taste, 1 pound beets, about two large, trimmed and peeled, 1 large apple, peeled and cored], title: Beet and Apple Quick Slaw, picturelink: null}, 13550: {instructions: In a medium pot over medium heat, combine all pickled red onion ingredients, except onions. Bring to a boil, add the onions and remove from heat. Let sit until cooled about 1 hour. Serve with sliders.nIn a small pot over medium low heat, whisk all the BBQ sauce ingredients together. Cook for 3 minutes or until hot and then remove from heat.nPlace a heaping tablespoon of pulled pork of the bottom of a roll. Drizzle with the barbeque sauce, top with some of the pickled red onions and then place the remaining roll halves on top. Repeat with remaining ingredients and serve.n1 head red cabbage, shreddedn4 medium carrots, coarsely gratedn14 cup cider vinegarn1 teaspoon saltnPlace the onions in the bottom of a 5quart slow cooker. Place the pork shoulder, fat and skin side up. in the slow cooker. In a medium bowl stir together soy sauce, garlic, salt pepper and orange marmalade. Pour mixture over the pork. Cover and cook on low for 8 hours.nRemove shoulder to a serving platter and let rest for 5 minutes. Break up some of the meat with a fork and arrange on platter. Leave the rest of the meat on the bone to keep it warm and moist and let your guest pull it off the as they need it.nWrap the tortillas in damp towels, 10 to a towel and microwave on high for 30 seconds. Set out pork and tortillas with Cabbage Slaw and have guests assemble their own tacos.nCombine shredded cabbage and grated carrots in a large bowl. Add vinegar, salt, and pepper and toss to combine. Cover with a damp towel and let sit in refrigerator for at least 1 hour or up to 8 hours. Use as topping for pulled pork tacos., ingredients: [1 red medium onion, thinly sliced, 12 chopped garlic, 14 cup sugar, 34 cup cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 34 cup water, 1 cup barbecue sauce, 14 cup yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup cider vinegar, Pinch salt and fresh ground pepper, Leftover pork from Slow Cooked Orange Pork Roast Tacos, recipe follows, Small dinner rolls, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 10pound bonein pork shoulder, picnic cut, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 1 cup orange marmalade, 20 corn tortillas], title: Round 2 Recipes Pulled Pork Sliders with Mustard BBQ Sauce and Pickled Onions, picturelink: null}, 13551: {instructions: Make the cupcakes: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Line two 12cup muffin pans with paper liners. Whisk the whole eggs and egg whites in a large bowl. Whisk in the cream of coconut and the coconut and vanilla extracts until smooth.nWhisk the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Beat in the butter, one piece at a time, with a mixer on low speed until the mixture resembles coarse meal, 3 to 4 minutes. Add half of the egg mixture, increase the speed to mediumhigh and beat until fluffy, about 1 minute. Beat in the remaining egg mixture until combined, scraping down the bowl as needed.nDivide the batter among the prepared cups, filling each about halfway. Bake until a toothpick inserted into a cupcake comes out clean, 18 to 22 minutes. Let cool in the pans 10 minutes transfer to racks to cool completely.nMake the topping: Combine the milk, coconut, confectioners sugar, vanilla and salt in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat and cook until the milk is absorbed and the mixture thickens, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Cool completely.nMake the glaze: Put the chocolate, corn syrup, butter and 3 tablespoons hot water in a microwavesafe bowl, cover with plastic wrap and microwave on 50 percent power until the chocolate melts, about 2 minutes. Whisk to combine. Keep warm.nTop each cupcake with a heaping tablespoonful of the coconut mixture, pressing gently until compact. Spoon 1 teaspoon glaze on top and garnish with 2 almonds. Refrigerate until the glaze sets, about 20 minutes.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 large eggs plus 4 egg whites, at room temperature, 1 cup cream of coconut, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 14 cups cake flour, sifted, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, 2 cups whole milk, 1 14ounce package shredded coconut, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 48 roasted almonds, for garnish], title: Coconut Cupcakes with Chocolate and Almonds, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 13552: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nGrease the bottom of a 9 by 9inch baking pan with butter. Then place parchment paper over the top, pressing down at the corners. In a food processor, process the sugar, cinnamon and graham crackers until you have the texture of bread crumbs. Add the melted butter and pulse a couple of times to fully incorporate. Pour into the lined baking pan and gently pat down with the base of a glass. Bake in the oven for 12 minutes until golden. When done set aside to cool.nAdd cream cheese, eggs, lemon zest, lemon juice and sugar to the food processor and mix until well combined. It should have a smooth consistency. Pour onto the cooled base and then cover with blueberries. They will sink slightly but should still be half exposed  as the cake bakes they will sink a little more and break down.nBake in the oven for 35 minutes or until the center only slightly jiggles. Remove from the oven and cool completely before refrigerating for at least 3 hours. Once set, remove from pan using the parchment lining and slice into 10 rectangular bars. Dust with powdered sugar., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing, 2 tablespoons sugar, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 9 graham crackers, 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 16 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 2 eggs, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, About 12 cup sugar, eyeball it, 1 12 cups fresh blueberries, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Lemon Blueberry Cheesecake Bars, picturelink: 8LF6ueP6VREUBGvQCt5Y3fJYsPh0Vcm}, 13553: {instructions: Dissolve yeast and 2 tablespoons of sugar in milk, and let sit for 10 minutes. Sift flour, place on a board, and make a well. Add the yeast, yolks, salt, remaining sugar, and cinnamon. Kneed well until elastic. Cover and let rise over night. Next day roll dough into 18 inches. Cut out with a glass into round about 2 inches in diameter. Cover and let rise 15 minutes or more. With your hand, form a pouch and fill with 12 teaspoon of preserves and seal completely. Heat oil to 375 degrees and fry until golden brown. Roll in granulated sugar before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons yeast, dry active, 4 tablespoons granulated sugar, 34 cup whole milk, warm, 2 cups flour, 2 large eggs, yolks only, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 12 tablespoons softened butter, 2 cups plum preserves, Oil, for frying], title: Jelly Donuts, picturelink: null}, 13554: {instructions: Sprinkle veal with salt and pepper. Dredge veal in flour to coat shake off excess. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Working in batches, add veal and saute until cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer veal to platter tent with foil to keep warm. Repeat with remaining veal, adding more oil to skillet as necessary. Deglaze pan with 12 cup wine and 12 cup broth and reduce to 12 cup. Pour sauce over veal., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless veal round cutlets, salt and pepper, flour, for dredging, oil, 12 cup wine, 12 cup broth], title: Veal Scaloppine, picturelink: null}, 13555: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large mixing bowl and toss to combine., ingredients: [2 19ounce cans chick peas, drained and rinsed, 1 carrot, grated, 12 red onion, diced, 12 green bell pepper, diced, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Chick Pea Salad, picturelink: null}, 13556: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine pine nuts, raisins and garlic. Lay meat slices on a work surface, and season them lightly on both sides with salt and pepper. Sprinkle pine nut and raisin mixture on 1 side of the slices. Roll slices up and secure them with a toothpick or tie them with kitchen string. Place them in a large, deep saute pan and add oil, onion and 4 cups of water. Place over medium heat and simmer, uncovered, until water has evaporated, about 1 14 hours.nContinue cooking, turning meat rolls with tongs, until meat is lightly browned on all sides. Add wine to pan and cook until evaporated. Drain tomatoes, reserving juice, and coarsely chop tomatoes. Add tomatoes, reserved juice and tomato paste to pan and bring to a simmer. Cook until sauce is very thick, about 2 hours.nRemove meat from pan with tongs, remove toothpicks or cut string, and place meat on a serving platter. Season sauce with salt and pepper, and pour it over ziti or penne. Serve with meat and grated Parmesan on the side., ingredients: [12 cup pine nuts, coarsely chopped, 12 cup raisins, coarsely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 pounds beef chuck, cut into slices 18inch thick, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 4 cups water, 14 cup red wine, 2 large 35ounce cans of high quality plum tomatoes, 1 small can tomato paste, Cooked ziti or penne, Grated Parmesan, for serving], title: Ragu Alla Napoletana, picturelink: null}, 13557: {instructions: For the deviled eggs: Fill a large saucepan with water and bring to a boil over high heat. With a ladle, slowly lower the eggs into the water, one by one. Reduce the heat to a low boil and cook for 10 minutes. Drain. When cool enough to handle, peel the eggs.nSlice each egg in half lengthwise. Remove the yolks and place them in a food processor. Arrange the whites, cutside up, on a serving platter. To the food processor, add the mayo, mustard, capers, garlic, lemon zest, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Process until well blended and smooth, then transfer to a resealable plastic bag. With scissors, snip off a bottom corner from the bag. Using the bag like a pastry bag, pipe the egg yolk mixture into the egg whites.nFor the fried oysters: Fill a Dutch oven or deep, heavy saucepan with about 3 inches of oil and heat to 350 degrees F over mediumhigh heat.nIn a shallow dish, combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, paprika, salt and pepper. Pour the milk and any oyster liquor into another shallow dish. Dip the oysters in the milk, then dredge them in the cornmeal mixture, shaking off the excess. If you like a thicker breading, repeat the process, dipping again in the milk and the cornmeal mixture.nWorking in batches, lower the breaded oysters into the hot oil and fry, turning frequently, until golden brown, 1 12 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a papertowellined plate to drain.nTo assemble, place a fried oyster on each deviled egg and dust with paprika. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 large eggs, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 2 teaspoons capers, rinsed and drained, 1 small clove garlic, grated, Zest of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 34 cup fine cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup milk, 24 small oysters, shucked, with their liquor, if possible, Smoked hot paprika, for garnish], title: LemonCaper Deviled Eggs with Fried Oysters, picturelink: kPPzne.2WjHLMlLRCSRClWpf81hYHOC}, 13558: {instructions: Soak the habanero and amarillo chiles in hot water for approximately 10 minutes. Remove the chiles from the water and scrape and deseed them. Place the chiles into a food processor and add enough of the soaking liquid to cover a quarter of the way. Puree into a fine paste. Place the puree into a bowl and add in the chopped scallions, fruit juices, lime zest, and chopped cilantro. Mix well, season with salt and pepper, and serve warm., ingredients: [5 habanero chiles, roasted, 4 amarillo chiles, 3 scallions, finely chopped, 1 grapefruit, juiced, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves picked and chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Habanero Salsa, picturelink: null}, 13559: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except tequila and chips in a medium bowl. Divide tartare among martini glasses, drizzle with tequila and garnish with chips and cilantro leaves., ingredients: [34 pound salmon, cut into 14inch dice, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons pureed canned chipotles, 14 cup capers, drained, 14 cup scallions, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, 14 cup tequila, 8 fried tarro chips store bought in bag, Cilantro leaves], title: Salmon Tartare in a Martini Glass, picturelink: null}, 13560: {instructions: Prepare the recipe for Simple Pizza Dough. While the dough is rising, prepare the remaining ingredients for the garlic knots and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMix the butter with the thyme, rosemary, 2 tablespoons Parmesan and garlic.nTurn the risen dough out onto a floured surface. Stretch the dough into a rectangle. Spread half of the butter mixture on half of the dough. Then fold the dough in half, covering the butter with the dough.nUsing a pizza wheel, divide the dough into 18 strips. First cut through the middle, then you can cut each half into 9 pieces. Stretch each strip and tie into a knot and tuck the ends underneath the center of the knot. Place the knots onto a baking sheet.nSprinkle the knots with some of the Parmesan and bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan over low heat, melt the remaining herb butter.nOnce the knots come out of the oven, baste them with the melted butter and sprinkle them with the remaining Parmesan. Serve warm and enjoynIn a liquid measuring cup, combine the warm water, yeast and sugar. Allow the yeast to dissolve and bloom, about 5 minutes. Once bloomed, add the olive oil.nMeanwhile, in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the flour and salt. Stream in the wateryeast mixture and as the dough begins to come together, switch to a dough hook attachment. Allow the dough to knead, adding a bit more flour if needed, so that the dough releases from the sides of the bowl, 1 to 3 minutes. You should be able to touch the dough and not have the dough stick to your fingers. Once the dough has kneaded and has pulled away from the sides of the bowl, remove the dough from bowl to a floured work surface and, with floured hands, continue to knead it by hand for 1 to 2 minutes. Then form the dough into a round ball and place it into a large bowl sprayed with nonstick spray. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap or a clean dish towel and let the dough rise in a warm area of your kitchen until it doubles in size, 1 12 to 2 hours. After the dough has risen it is ready to be cooked however youd likenCooks Notes: This dough is wet dough, keep bench flour at the ready and make sure to flour your hands when working with the dough. Trust your gut as a chef, if the dough is to wet, add more flour, if it is too stiff, add a little water.nSugar is used to feed the yeast which will help the dough to grow. Bread flour will give you a chewier texture because the flour has more gluten. You dont need to use a thermometer to get the water temperature, it should just feel warm to the touch., ingredients: [12 recipe Simple Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 16 tablespoons 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, minced, 34 cup grated Parmesan, divided, 10 cloves garlic, grated, Bench flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 34 cups warm water 105 to 110 degrees F, 1 envelope active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons salt, Nonstick spray], title: Buttery Garlic Herb Knots, picturelink: bJAjGzYkEQAFhWENRnVvc3L15s1zEa}, 13561: {instructions: Steam the clams in the stock. Remove the clams, chop the meat, and reserve. Strain the steaming liquid through cheesecloth. Reserve. Render the bacon. Add the onions and celery and saute until translucent. Add the stock, potatoes, sage, thyme, bay leaves, tabasco and worcesterchire. Simmer until the potatoes are tender. Combine the evaporated skimmed milk and the arrowroot. Gradually stir this mixture into the soup and continue to simmer for a few minutes, until thickened. Add the scallions. Add the reserved chopped clams and fresh herbs just before serving., ingredients: [16 cherrystone clams, fresh, in the shell, 2 cups fish stock, 1 strip bacon, julienne, 14 cup onions, medium diced, 14 cup celery, medium diced, 12 cup Idaho potatoes, peeled, medium dice, 1 sage leaf, fresh, 14 teaspoon thyme, dried leaves, 1 bay leaf, 3 drops tabasco sauce, 12 teaspoon white worcestershire sauce, 12 cup evaporated skimmed milk, 2 tablespoons arrowroot, 14 cup scallions, sliced, Chives, fresh, sliced, Parsley, fresh, chopped], title: Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 13562: {instructions: Heat a large Dutch oven with a tightfitting lid over mediumhigh heat. Pour in enough oil to fill the pan about 14inch deep. Season the beef generously with salt and pepper, and add to the pan. Saute the meat, uncovered, stirring only occasionally, until wellbrowned, about 8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the beef to a plate. Repeat with the remaining beef. Discard the oil and wipe out the pan.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Return the pot to the stove and melt the butter over medium high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 1 minute more. Add the reserved beef and scatter the flour over the vegetable and beef mixture enough to lightly coat and cook stirring until lightly toasted. Add the water or broth, and bring to a simmer. Tie the parsley, thyme, and bay leaves together with a piece of kitchen twine and add the bundle to the pot. Season with 2 teaspoons salt, or to taste. Cover and transfer to the oven. Cook the meat until just tender, about 1 12 hours. This can also be done on the stove at a low simmer.nRemove pot from the oven. Skim the fat from the cooking liquid with a spoon or ladle. Add the potatoes, carrots, celery, and the tomatoes, and bring to a simmer on top of the stove. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the liquid thickens and the vegetables are tender, about 1 hour. Remove and discard the herb bundle. Stir in the vinegar and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Divide among bowls and serve immediately.nCooks Note: Beef chuck, from the shoulder, because of its marbling of intramuscular fat, is the choice for any type of stew. If you cant find chuck cubed for stew in your meat department, buy a thick chuck steak and cut it into 2inch cubes.nCopyright 2003 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for searing, 2 12 pounds beef chuck, cut into 2inch cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 medium onions, cut into 6ths, 5 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 13 cup allpurpose flour, or to cover, 10 cups cold water, or chicken or beef broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 6 sprigs parsley, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 14 pounds medium red potatoes, quartered, 4 medium carrots, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 celery stalks, cut into 2inch pieces, 7 canned whole, peeled tomatoes, lightly crushed, 2 to 3 teaspoons red wine vinegar, or to taste], title: Beef Stew, picturelink: null}, 13563: {instructions: In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat.nAdd KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated.nUsing buttered spatula or wax paper evenly press mixture into 15 x 10 x 1inch pan coated with cooking spray. Cool slightly. Using cookie cutters coated with cooking spray cut into Christmas trees. Decorate with frosting andor candies. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS:nIn microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Follow steps 2 and 3 above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, softened, 1 package 10 oz., about 40 regular marshmallows,  OR , 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 6 cups KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, 6 cups KELLOGGSu00ae COCOA KRISPIESu00ae cereal, Canned frosting or decorating gel, Assorted candies], title: Trimmed Christmas Tree Treatsandtrade, picturelink: exZbjh7vczQDIqOgRbZuxxPRvV57O}, 13564: {instructions: In a blender, combine the milk, ice cream, ice, caramel and cake. Pulse until smooth but chunky.nRim the inside of each glass with chocolate syrup. Top with whipped cream and nuts.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a 9inch loaf pan with nonstick baking spray. Line the bottom of the pan with parchment paper, and then spray again.nIn a large bowl, beat the butter and sugars at medium speed with a mixer until fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt. Gradually add to the butter mixture alternately with the milk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture, beating just until combined. Spoon into the prepared pan.nBake for 45 minutes. Then loosely tent with aluminum foil. Bake until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean, 26 to 30 minutes longer. Cool in pan for 10 minutes, and then remove from the pan and cool completely on a wire rack., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 2 scoops chocolate ice cream, 1 cup ice, 1 tablespoon caramel, 2 pieces Paula Deens Cinnamon Scented Pound Cake, cut 34inches thick, recipe follows, Chocolate syrup, for glasses, Whipped cream, for topping, Macadamia nuts, crushed, Recipe courtesy Paula Deen, Nonstick baking spray with flour, 2 sticks butter, softened, 1 14 cups firmly packed brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup milk], title: KCs Shake Shake, picturelink: HXMJAVLSF8AVgFWGnh17ZQRLu.T5m}, 13565: {instructions: Chop 1 English cucumber. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon kosher salt let sit 10 minutes. Whisk 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons each sugar and soy sauce, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 2 sliced scallions, 1 minced garlic clove and a pinch of red pepper flakes in a large bowl. Drain the cucumber and toss with the dressing season with salt. Top with chopped cilantro.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Asian Cucumbers, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 13566: {instructions: Buy corn that has the stalk still attached it makes a sturdier handle. If the corn has a dried or brownish outer layer of husk, remove. Peel back the remaining husk, and remove 1 strip of the husk. Tie it around the others to create a handle.nSpray the corn with a mist of water to prevent it from burning. Place on a grill over indirect heat. Grill corn, turning frequently, for a few minutes on each side, until almost brown. If the corn husks start to burn, spray with more water.nBring a small pot of salted water to a boil. Blanch the herbs transfer to a bowl of ice water to stop cooking. Squeeze excess water from herbs mince with a sharp knife. Transfer herbs to the bowl of a food processor, add butter, process until well combined and butter is green season to taste. Transfer herb butter to plastic wrap and refrigerate or freeze until firm.nPlace butter in a small bowl. Add the chili powder, and combine thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to plastic wrap, and refrigerate or freeze until firm.nPlace butter in a small bowl. Add the curry powder, and combine thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to plastic wrap, and refrigerate or freeze until firm., ingredients: [8 ears fresh corn with stalk attached, Herb Butter, recipe follows, Chili Butter, recipe follows, Curry Butter, recipe follows, 1 ounce mixed fresh green herbs, such as tarragon, chives, basil, and parsley leaves, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 tablespoons ground chili powder, such as arbol, ancho, or New Mexico, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 tablespoons curry powder, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Corn Husk Handles, picturelink: null}, 13567: {instructions: In a large bowl, season goat meat with onions, tomato, ginger, garlic, curry powder, salt, and pepper. Mix well and marinate in the refrigerator, overnight.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove meat from marinade. In a large braising pot, over a moderately high heat, brown off meat in 2 tablespoons ghee or oil until golden brown on all sides. When done browning all of the meat, pour excess fat from pot. Add the rest of ghee or oil to pot and all of the reserved marinade and some hot sauce and saute for 6 minutes. Then, return meat to pot with enough water to just cover the meat and bring to a boil. Cover and put pot in the oven for 1 12 hours. Add the potatoes to the pot, return the pot to the oven and cook for anther 12 hour, or until meat is tender.nRemove the meat from the pot, place on a platter and cover with aluminum foil. Return the pan to the stove over medium heat and cook until sauce is thickened. Season with salt and additional hot sauce, if desired. Garnish meat with scallions., ingredients: [6 pounds goat stew meat, shoulder cut into 1 12inch pieces, 4 cups sliced onions, 1 large tomato, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped ginger, 6 garlic cloves, crushed, 6 tablespoons curry powder, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons ghee or vegetable oil, plus 4 tablespoons, Water, Hot pepper sauce, 3 to 4 Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and large dice, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced for garnish], title: Curried Goat, picturelink: null}, 13568: {instructions: Put the sugar, cinnamon sticks and cloves in the basket of a large coffee percolator. Put the juices in the bottom of the percolator. Let the mixture perk as if making coffee. Serve with cinnamon stick stirrers, if desired., ingredients: [14 cup packed brown sugar, 3 cinnamon sticks, plus additional sticks to use at stirrers, 1 tablespoon whole cloves, 8 cups cranberry juice, 6 cups apple juice], title: Hot Cranberry Cider, picturelink: null}, 13569: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Coat a 4quart ovenproof bowl with cooking spray. Prepare the cake mixes as directed fold in 2 teaspoons red food coloring and the chocolate chips.nTransfer the batter to the prepared bowl bake until a skewer inserted into the center comes out clean, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Let cool slightly, then invert onto a rack to cool completely.nPut the cake flatside down on a small cardboard circle. Trim 2 opposite sides with a serrated knife to make an oval shape.nCover the sides of the cake with a thick layer of frosting cover the top with a thin layer this will be the bottom of the cake. Reserve about 12 cup frosting for the inside of the cake. Freeze until the frosting is firm, at least 20 minutes.nGently pat the sides of the cake with a smooth paper towel to even out any bumps in the frosting.nMix 12 teaspoon yellow food coloring with a drop of green food coloring and a splash of lemon juice in a small bowl. Paint the yellowgreen food coloring all over the side of the cake with a pastry brush.nMix 12 teaspoon green food coloring with a splash of lemon juice in another bowl. Paint green stripes on the cake, then blend the edges of the stripes with the tip of the pastry brush.nPut another small cardboard circle on the cake and flip it over. Carve out the center of the cake, about 1 inch deep, leaving a 1inch border. Cover the center with frosting, leaving the border unfrosted. Freeze the cake 20 minutes.nUse a paring knife to make zigzag cuts around the rim of the cake. Mound the fruit in the center, covering the frosting completely.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 16to18ounce boxes white cake mix plus required ingredients, Red, yellow and green food coloring, 14 cup chocolate chips, 2 16ounce tubs vanilla frosting, Juice of 1 lemon, Fresh fruit, for topping], title: Watermelon Fruit Basket Cake, picturelink: C3P1O7j6tL4tzcQ2iHOGKun4Udu4JiG}, 13570: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a Dutch oven or large pot over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until slightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the celery, potatoes, onion, carrot, garlic, bay leaves, thyme, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the celery and onion begin to soften, about 3 minutes.nAdd the tomatoes to the pot and cook 2 minutes. Add the clams and their juices, 1 cup water and the bottled clam juice cover and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer, covered, until the potatoes are tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with oyster crackers.nPer serving: Calories 408 Fat 17 g Saturated 6 g Cholesterol 65 mg Sodium 1,184 mg Carbohydrate 39 g Fiber 6 g Protein 24 gnPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [3 slices thickcut bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 4 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 3 medium Yukon gold potatoes about 1 pound, peeled and cut into 34inch pieces, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 1 large carrot, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 bay leaves, 6 sprigs thyme, leaves coarsely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 28ounce can crushed San Marzano tomatoes, 1 1pound package frozen shelled clams, thawed, 2 cups bottled clam juice, Oyster crackers, for serving optional], title: Manhattan Clam Chowder, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 13571: {instructions: Discard tough stems from greens. Cut top 5 inches from greens and reserve. Cut remaining greens into 34inch slices. Transfer all greens to a large serving bowl. Coarsely chop nuts and finely chop garlic. In a small heavy skillet cook garlic and nuts in grapeseed oil over moderate heat, stirring, until garlic is golden. Stir in vinegar, hazelnut oil, and thyme. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPour hot vinaigrette over greens and toss to combine., ingredients: [2 large bunches dandelion greens about 2 pounds, 14 cup hazelnuts, 3 garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon hazelnut oil, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Dandelion Salad with Warm Hazelnut Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 13572: {instructions: Special equipment: One 6 cup bombe mold or bowl with similar capacity the one I use is 7 14 inches in diameter and 3 12 inches deep One 7inch round corregated cake circlenMake CranberryRaspberry Puree: Rinse and pick over cranberries and combine with sugar in small nonreactive saucepan. Cover and bring to simmer over medium heat. Uncover, raise heat and stir occasionally. Cook only a few minutes or until about threefourths of the berries are burst, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Press mixture through a mediumfine strainer or food mill along with the raspberry preserves. Discard tough dry pulp and raspberry seeds. Cool the puree completely before using. Puree may be made and refrigerated up to 1 week in advance. Assemble and Freeze the Jelly Roll: Reverse the Hot Milk Sponge sheet onto a piece of foil peel off the parchment. Turn sponge carefully over again use a cookie sheet to aid you if sponge is delicate so that brown side faces up. Spread all of CranberryRaspberry Puree evenly over sponge. Roll up as tightly as possible to form a 16 by 17inch long thin jelly roll. Wrap tightly in foil and freeze at least several hours or overnightor up to 1 month in advance of using. Line the Bombe with Jelly Roll Slices: Remove frozen jelly roll from freezer and unwrap. Trim ragged ends if necessary. Use a sharp serrated knife to cut slices 14inch thick. Line the mold with the slices by placing one slice in the center of the bottom of the mold. Next fit 7 or more slices around the center pushing and fitting so that no space is left between the slices. Fit the next 9 or more around the bowl starting up the sides.nFinish by fitting about 10 slices to completely line the mold , pushing and fitting so that no space is left Trim slices even with the rim of mold if necessary, or just push them so they are flush with the rim. Reserve trimmings and remaining slices and return them to freezer until needed. Set lined mold aside.nFill the Mold: Make the White Chocolate Mousse with Kirsch. Turn it immediately into the lined mold. Level and smooth the surface of the mousse. Remove the remaining slices of jelly roll and trimmings from the freezer. Set aside just enough slices to completely cover the mousse if placed tightly together  But do not put them in place, yet. Dice the remaining slices and any trimmings with a sharp knife. Scatter the diced pieces all over the mousse, and then fit the reserved slices closely together over the scattered dice to form the bottom layer of the dessert Place the corregated cake circle or a small plate inside the mold and press firmly to level and compact the bombe. Wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours before unmolding and serving. Bombe may be completed to this point up the 24 hours in advance of serving, or frozen up to 2 months.nUnmold, Finish and Serve: Invert the mold and rap the edge sharply on counter to release dessert. Simmer strained apricot preserves in a small saucepan for 23 minutes to make a glaze. Use a pastry brush to paint the entire dessert with glaze. Touch bottom edge of bombe with minced pistachios. Refrigerate until serving., ingredients: [6 ounces fresh cranberries, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup raspberry preserves, Hot Milk Sponge Sheet, baked and cooled, recipe above, White Chocolate Mousse with Kirsch, recipe above, 12 cup strained apricot preserves, 2 to 3 tablespoons minced unsalted pistaschios], title: Christmas Bombe, picturelink: null}, 13573: {instructions: In a large bowl combine the tomatoes, garlic, basil, mozzarella, oil, vinegar, salt and pepper to taste and let the sauce stand, covered at room temperature for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours. Just before serving, in a kettle of boiling salted water cook the pasta until it is al dente, drain it well, and add to the sauce. Toss the pasta well with the sauce. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ripe tomatoes about 3, seeded and chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 cup packed fresh basil leaves, chopped coarsely, 12 pound fresh or processed mozzarella, diced, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic or redwine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound dried shaped pasta of choice, i.e. penne, farfalle, rigatoni or medium shells], title: Pasta with Uncooked Tomato, Basil and Mozzarella Sauce, picturelink: null}, 13574: {instructions: Put wine, onion and garlic into medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and reduce until about 2 tablespoons of liquid is remaining. Pour reduced wine mixture into shallow pie plate and let cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile, in large mixing bowl, place ground chicken meat, salt, pepper, mustard, spinach, grated Swiss, bread crumbs and cooled wine mixture. Gently combine do not over mix and form into 6 patties.nIf using gas grill, preheat to high. Brush the grids with olive oil, turn to medium heat and place patties on grill. Close lid and grill for 10 minutes. Flip burgers over, close lid, cook for about 6 more minutes. Brush both sides of rolls with olive oil, place on grill, place 1 slice Swiss on each burger and close lid for about 30 seconds. Check rolls and remove when golden brown. Remove burgers as soon as cheese melts a little. Place patties on rolls, top with tomato slices and serve.nYou can also make these inside the house. Preheat large frying pan over medium heat. Add enough olive oil to coat bottom of pan and heat. Add the patties and cover pan for 10 minutes. Flip burgers over, cover pan and cook for about 6 to 8 minutes more or until juices run clear. Top with Swiss and replace cover until cheese melts. Buns can be browned under the broiler.nEnjoy, ingredients: [1 12 cups white wine, preferably Pinot Grigio, 12 large sweet onion, finely diced, 3 medium cloves garlic, minced, 34 pound ground chicken breast, 34 pound ground chicken thighs, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 12 ounces frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry of all liquid, 3 ounces grated Swiss cheese, 12 cup plain bread crumbs, Olive oil, 6 sourdough rolls, split horizontally, 6 slices Swiss cheese, 6 slices beefsteak tomato], title: Chicken Florentine Burgers, picturelink: xUcqkCtnrQifAXLakIwx1sCvCahAfgu}, 13575: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMix all ingredients well and pour into two deep dish single pie crusts.nBake until center is golden brown and firmly set usually about one hour and 20 minutes., ingredients: [3 34 cup sugar, 13 cup flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 stick butter, melted, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon of your favorite flavoring I usually use Mexican vanilla or lemon flavoring., 6 eggs, lightly beaten], title: Lynns Buttermilk Pie, picturelink: null}, 13576: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Mix the seasonings vinegar, juice, wine, zest, spices, etc. together in a small bowl set aside.nFold 4 20inch parchment paper squares in 12 lengthwise and cut out a large heart shape. Unfold and arrange on 2 baking sheets. Cooks Note: Aluminum foil can be substituted for parchment paper.nEvenly divide the vegetables among the 4 heartshaped parchment packets. Place fish fillet on top of vegetables and season. Top with a small pat of butter.nFold the top half of the parchment over the fish, overlapping small folds along the edges and sealing. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, until the parchment paper puffs up.nTransfer the parchment packets to plates. Carefully cut the packets open, avoiding the hot steam and serve.nEn Papillote Variations:nWild Mushrooms en Papillote: Replace the fish fillet with 1 pound mushrooms equal parts chanterelles, morels, and shiitakes. Add fresh chives, fresh parsley, fresh tarragon, white wine, and increase the butter to 1 tablespoon.nSpring Vegetables en Papillote: Replace the fish fillet with 4 cups vegetables like zucchini, eggplant, asparagus, etc. Season the vegetables with thinly sliced garlic, fresh herbs, fresh lemon juice, zest, and salt and pepper.nMediterranean Halibut en Papillote: Top the halibut with pitted kalamata olives, sliced red onion, fresh parsley, fresh lemon juice, and fresh oregano. Add white wine for steaming., ingredients: [4 6ounce fish fillets, 2 cups fresh vegetables, Vinegar, citrus juice, or wine, Fresh herbs or other aromatics, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, sliced into 4 pieces, En Papillote Variations, recipes follow], title: En Papillote, picturelink: RHSFRzwjEwNBNDADbLDlCwvR4Y3Hj.}, 13577: {instructions: To make the pierogi dough: Mix the 4 eggs, butter, sour cream, and salt together in a bowl with a whisk. Sift the flour onto a flat work surface and make a well in the center, pour the wet ingredients into the crater. Stir the mixture together with a fork, gradually incorporating the flour into the well until a soft dough forms. Squeeze the dough with your hands, if itu00bfs too sticky, add a bit of flour if itu00bfs not pliable, add a couple of drops of water. Knead the dough, adding only as much additional flour as needed to keep the dough from sticking, until it is smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Gather the dough into a ball and cover it with an inverted bowl or plastic wrap for 10 minutes or so to rest.nTo make the filling: Cook the potato cubes in boiling salted water until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and then mash them with a ricer or regular old potato masher while they are still hot set them aside to cool while preparing the rest of the filling. Trim the root off the end of the leek and cut off all but 1inch of the green part. Halve the leek lengthwise and rinse really well under cool water, checking for dirt everywhere it gets trapped in all the layers of outer leaves. Slice the leek finely. Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the leek, mushrooms, and thyme, saute for a few minutes to soften the vegetables season with salt and pepper. Continue to cook until the vegetables are broken down and almost dry, then pour in the cream, stir to incorporate. Remove the pan from the heat, take out the sprigs of thyme, and scrape the mushroom mixture into the potatoes, mix well to incorporate the ingredients. Make sure the filling is not too hot, or it will start to cook the dough, causing it to sog.nLightly flour your rolling pin and counter. Take 12 of the dough leaving the rest covered so it doesnu00bft dry out while you work and roll it out into a thin circle, about 18inch thick. Using a 3inch round cookie or biscuit cutter, cut circles out of the dough. Spoon 1 tablespoon of the filling into the center of each pastry circle, leaving a 12inch border. Beat the remaining egg with 2 tablespoons of water to make an egg wash and brush it on the edges of the circle. Fold the dough over in 12 to enclose the filling and form a semicircle and seal the edges by crimping with the tines of a fork. Lightly tap the bottoms of the dumplings on the counter to make it flat. Repeat with the remaining half of dough and filling. You should make about 35 pierogies put 12 of them in the freezer to keep on hand they are better than the ones you find in the frozen section of the grocery store.nCoat a large saute pan that has a tight fitting lid with vegetable oil and place over medium heat. Lay the pierogies in the pan you may have to do this in batches and fry them for a couple of minutes until they start to crisp and brown on both sides. Pour in 1 cup of water and cover the pan to let the pierogies steam when the water evaporates the turnovers should be cooked and crisp. Arrange the pierogies on a platter, garnish with parsley, and serve with roasted apples andor sour cream.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the apples out in a casserole pan and add the lemon juice, cinnamon, sugar, salt, and butter. Bake until the apples are roasted and soft, about 30 minutes. Serve the chunky apple sauce with pierogies, either hot or chilled., ingredients: [4 large eggs, plus 1 egg for egg wash, 12 cup 1 stick melted unsalted butter, cooled, 12 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon salt, 5 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 pound potatoes, peeled and cubed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for sautu00e9ing, 1 large leek, 10 ounces mushrooms, finely chopped, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish, Roasted Apples, recipe follows, 3 Gala apples, peeled, cored, and coarsely chopped, 3 Golden Delicious, peeled, cored, and coarsely chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 cinnamon sticks, 14 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Potato and Mushroom Pierogies with Roasted Apples, picturelink: null}, 13578: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill. Place the cabbage wedges on a baking sheet, and drizzle with the vegetable oil on both sides. Sprinkle with sugar, salt, and pepper, and then toss to coat. Grill the cabbage for 4 minutes each side, or 8 minutes total, turning once or until the edges begin to wilt, but the bulk of the cabbage remains crunchy. Remove the cabbage from the grill and allow to cool a few minutes. Meanwhile, make the vinaigrette in a medium bowl by whisking the orange zest, Dijon mustard, and orange juice with the olive oil until it emulsifies. Add salt, and pepper, to taste. Chop the grilled cabbage, removing the core, and place in the bowl with the dressing. Add the parsley and green onion and toss to coat., ingredients: [12 head red cabbage, cut into 4 wedges, leaving core intact so wedges hold together, 2 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 green onion, chopped], title: Grilled Crunchy Coleslaw, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 13579: {instructions: Remove any large, thick stems from the spinach and rinse the leaves in cold water. Put the spinach in a pot with just the water that clings to the leaves and sprinkle with salt. Cover and cook over mediumhigh heat until all the spinach is wilted. Drain in a colander and press with a large spoon to remove as much water as possible.nLay the veal flat and trim the excess fat do not remove all of it, or the roast will be too dry when done. Spread the spinach over the veal and add the garlic cloves evenly spaced apart. Roll up the veal jellyroll fashion and tie it securely with kitchen twine.nPut the butter and vegetable oil in a heavy braising pan that will hold the veal comfortably and place it over high heat. When the oil and butter are hot, put in the veal and brown it well on all sides. Season with salt and pepper, then add the wine. Allow the wine to bubble for 1 to 2 minutes to evaporate the alcohol and use a wooden spoon to loosen the tasty bits stuck to the bottom of the pan. Add the tomatoes. When they begin to bubble, lower the heat so that the contents of the pan cook at a gentle but steady simmer. Cover the pan with the lid slightly askew and cook until the meat is tender when pierced with a fork, about 1 12 to 2 hours. Turn the meat from time to time and add a little water to the pan if all the liquid evaporates before the veal is done.nWhen ready to serve, cut the veal in slices about 12 inch thick and remove the twine. If the sauce in the pan needs to be reduced, raise the heat and cook until it is thick enough to coat a spoon. Arrange the veal slices on a platter and pour the hot sauce over them. Serve at once., ingredients: [10 ounces fresh spinach, Salt, 2 pounds boned veal breast if you purchase the breast bonein, it should weigh about 4 pounds, 4 large garlic cloves, peeled, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup dry white wine, 1 cup coarsely chopped peeled fresh, ripe tomatoes, or 1 cup coarsely chopped canned whole peeled tomatoes with their juice], title: PanRoasted Veal Stuffed with Spinach, picturelink: null}, 13580: {instructions: Heat butter in a large heavy lidded pan over mediumhigh heat until fragrant and golden. Add lamb in 2 batches and brown. Remove to a plate and set aside.nAdd onions and scallions and cook, stirring often until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in drained chickpeas, water, garlic, ginger, salt, black pepper, cinnamon and red pepper. Return the lamb and all accumulated juices to the pan. Gently stir to coat.nBring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat so the liquid just simmers. Cover tightly and cook, stirring the lamb once or twice, for 35 to 45 minutes.nRemove from heat and stir in parsley and salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 pounds boneless lamb stew meat, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 cups chopped onions, 12 cup chopped scallions, 1 19ounce can chickpeas, drained and lightly rinsed, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 to 14 teaspoon ground red pepper, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, Salt and ground pepper, to taste], title: Lamb Tagine with Chickpeas, picturelink: null}, 13581: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nPlace the red snapper fillets in a shallow dish and reserve. In a small bowl, combine lime juice, ginger, pepper, and olive oil. Pour the mixture over the fish and let sit for 15 minutes.nGrill the fish over medium heat until the flesh is cooked through and opaque, about 4 minutes per side, depending on the size of the fish. Top with tropical fruit salsa and serve., ingredients: [4 8ounce red snapper fillets, 2 limes, juiced, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon coarse ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 14 cups tropical fruit salsa], title: Grilled Red Snapper with Tropical Fruit Salsa, picturelink: vJKuEDuOhIO1QPfruV7UG55KgM1kkUO}, 13582: {instructions: Drape 2 paper towel squares over the top of a lollipop to create the ghosts head. Tie a piece of black ribbon at the neck and draw on a spooky face. Write all the party details on the inside of the paper towel, including the date, time, and place. Handdeliver.nWe at The Food Network believe all of the recipes are accurate and reliable. We can claim no responsibility if the desired results are not achieved., ingredients: [White paper towels, Lollipops, such as Tootsie pops, Black ribbon, Black felttipped marker], title: Ghost Lollipop Invitations, picturelink: null}, 13583: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the cookie dough into 8 pieces. In bowl of electric mixer, on medium speed thoroughly combine the dough pieces, peppermint extract, 13 cup crushed peppermint candies, and 12 cup of the powdered sugar.nRoll the dough into 1inch diameter balls. Arrange, 2 inches apart, on parchment lined cookie sheets and bake until set, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool slightly on cooling racks.nAdd 12 cup of the remaining powdered sugar to a small bowl. While the cookies are still warm, roll them in the sugar. Sprinkle with crushed peppermint candies and serve.nAs the cookies cool, they will flatten slightly.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the roll of cookie dough in half. Put the halves in separate large mixing bowls. In 1 bowl, thoroughly mix 14 cup of the flour and the peppermint extract into cookie dough. In the second bowl, add the remaining 14 cup flour and enough food coloring to make a red dough. Mix well with gloved hands until the color is well blended.nDivide the white and red dough into 24 pieces each, for a total of 48 pieces. Roll each piece into a rope 8 inches long and about 14inch in diameter.nTo shape candy canes, arrange 1 rope of each color side by side on parchment lined cookie sheets. Gently twist together and shape into a candy cane. Repeat with the remaining pieces, spacing the cookies about 2 inches apart. Bake until edges are very lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest, about 5 minutes, before transferring the cookies to racks. Gently remove them from the cookie sheets with a long metal spatula and cool on cooling racks., ingredients: [1 package 18ounce refrigerated sugar cookie dough, room temperature recommended: Pillsbury, 12 teaspoon peppermint extract recommended: McCormick, 13 cup crushed peppermint candies, plus more for garnishing, 1 cup powdered sugar, divided, 1 package 18ounce refrigerated sugar cookie dough, room temperature recommended: Pillsbury, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon peppermint extract recommended: McCormick, 12 teaspoon red food coloring], title: White Peppermint Snowballs, picturelink: ADw0RaQ8ERnzhe.eJSA8oBofqrFJnVa}, 13584: {instructions: Melt the butter over medium heat in a small saucepan. Add the shallots and cook, stirring, until they are translucent and beginning to soften, about 2 minutes. Add the chardonnay, bring to a lively simmer, and reduce until only about 2 tablespoons of liquid remains. Add the cream and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer and reduce to 23 cup. Remove from the heat, stir in the white pepper, and set aside. Preheat the oven broiler to 500 degrees F. Arrange the top oven rack so a roasting pan will fit below the heating element. Prepare appetizer plates by placing a bed of rock salt on each, to hold the oysters. Distribute the rock salt evenly between to roasting pans large enough to hold the oysters. If the fishmonger shucked your oysters, return the oysters to their cleaned shells one by one, and add about 12 teaspoon of the oyster liquid to each, nesting the shells carefully in the rock salt so the contents dont spill. Otherwise, arrange freshly shucked oysters in the rock saltfilled roasting pans, ensuring that their liquid doesnt spill. Spoon about 2 teaspoons of the shallotcream mixture on top of each oyster. Coat each oyster well, without having the shell overflow with liquid. Put one roasting pan in the oven and broil just until the liquid bubbles and the oysters edges begin to curl, about 3 minutes, watching closely to prevent burning. Repeat with the other roasting pan. Carefully lift 4 oysters in their shells onto each appetizer plate. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 Tbsp. unsalted butter, 2 small shallots, finely chopped, 13 cup chardonnay, 1 cup heavy cream, pinch white pepper, 2 dozen fresh oysters, shucked, bottom shells the rounded, cupshaped side reserved, 2pound box rock salt], title: Roasted Oysters, picturelink: null}, 13585: {instructions: Put the ground beef, Parmigiano cheese, bread crumbs, nutmeg, parsley, salt, pepper, milk, and extravirgin olive oil in a mixing bowl. Mix all the ingredients together well.nHeat a grill.nScoop the mixture into the palm of your hands and form a meatball. Then flatten out the meatball so that it resembles a meat patty. Place the meat patty between 2 lemon leaves. Repeat the process with the remaining beef mixture.nCook the patties on a hot grill for a few minutes on each side. As they cook, the oils from the lemon leaves will infuse the meat patties with lemon flavor. Use tongs to securely lift and turn over each meat patty so that it remains sandwiched between the two lemon leaves as it cooks. Transfer the meat patties, still sandwiched between the lemon leaves, to a serving platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pound914 g ground beef, 1 cup235 ml freshly grated Parmigiano cheese, 1 cup235 ml finely grated bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon5 g freshly grated nutmeg, Bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves picked and chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup176 ml milk, 14 cup58 ml extravirgin olive oil, Large lemon leaves, 2 per meatball], title: Polpette di Vittorio: Vittorios Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 13586: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove the skin from the chicken and strip the meat from the bones coarsely chop and put into a mixing bowl. Add the yogurt, grapes and celery. Mix well, season with salt and pepper, and stir until combined.nLay the wraps on a work surface. Put 14 of the chicken salad on the bottom third of each tortilla. Fold the bottom up over the salad and fold in the sides, while rolling the tortilla up to enclose the filling.nWrap tightly in plastic wrap or parchment paper until ready to serve. Refrigerate if not using before 2 hours., ingredients: [1 CitrusGarlic Roasted Chicken Breast and 2 Thighs, or your favorite roasted or rotisserie chicken pieces about 3 cups meat, 12 cup nonfat Greek yogurt, 12 cup chopped seedless red grapes, about 12, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 4 spinach or wholewheat tortilla wraps 9inch diameter], title: Schoolhouse Wraps, picturelink: SRsTtMvRt8iCH64ErWBCMBRUQrVDZm}, 13587: {instructions: Special equipment: Pizza peel and pizza stone or pizza pann1. Place a pizza stone if using in a cold oven and preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.n2. Bring 1 quart of salted water to a boil in a medium saucepan and fill a large bowl with water and ice. Add the asparagus to the boiling water and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, then immediately drain the asparagus and drop them into the ice water to stop the cooking. Drain again when cool.n3. When all the ingredients are ready, roll the dough into a 10.5inch round. Build the pizza in this order: sauce, crab, mozzarella, asparagus, roasted pepper. Add some freshly cracked pepper.n4. Bake the pizza for 12 to 15 minutes, until golden brown.n5. Shave the Parmesan onto the pizza, slice it, and serve with a squeeze of fresh lemon and green onion, and half of the lemon zest.n1. In a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat, heat the olive oil. Add the flour and stir constantly for 2 minutes to create a roux. Lower the heat to medium, add the garlic, cayenne, ancho chile, nutmeg, cracked pepper, and paprika and stir for 1 minute. Gradually stir in the cream, whisking constantly until the mixture is thickened, about 10 minutes. Stir in the Parmesan and remove from the heat. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [Salt, 34 cup sliced large asparagus spears cut on the bias, 14inch thick, One 10ounce ball white or wholewheat pizza dough, 34 cup Cajun Alfredo Sauce, recipe follows, 34 cup fresh crabmeat, drained and well picked for shells, 14 cup grated mozzarella cheese, 2 tablespoons diced roasted red bell pepper, Freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup shaved Parmesan cheese, for garnish, lemon wedges, for garnish optional, 1 green onion, sliced, for garnish optional, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 18 teaspoon ancho chile powder, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 18 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 14 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika, 34 cup heavy cream, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cajun Crab and Asparagus Pie, picturelink: rGgC4WKZCpHz0n.UjfuR43P9Kwz8O}, 13588: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor. Add the shortening and pulse until the mixture looks like cornmeal. Add the butter and pulse until it is in peasize pieces. Add the vinegar and 5 to 6 tablespoons ice water pulse until the dough just starts forming a ball. Divide between two pieces of plastic wrap. Shape each into a disk and wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight.nMake the filling: Peel the apples and slice 14 inch thick toss with 23 cup sugar, the lemon juice and salt in a large bowl. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the apples cook, stirring, until slightly softened, 5 minutes. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon flour. Cook, stirring, until the juices thicken, about 1 minute. Transfer to a separate large bowl. Repeat with the remaining butter, apples and flour add to the bowl with the cooked apples. Gently fold in the sour cream and vanilla paste. Let cool completely.nRoll out 1 disk of dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9 12 inch deepdish pie plate. Add the filling, slightly mounding it in the center. Refrigerate until ready to bake.nPut a baking sheet on the lowest oven rack and preheat to 425 degrees F for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, roll out the remaining disk of dough into a 12inch round on a floured surface. Lay the dough over the filling and press the crusts together around the edge fold the overhanging dough under itself. Crimp with your fingers or a fork. Refrigerate until firm, 30 minutes.nCombine the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and the apple pie spice. Brush the top crust with the beaten egg and sprinkle with the spiced sugar. Make a few slits in the crust with a knife to let steam escape. Transfer the pie to the hot baking sheet and bake 15 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F and continue baking until the crust is golden and the filling is bubbling, rotating the pie as needed, 1 hour 15 minutes. Tent with foil if the crust browns too quickly. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 8 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 4 pounds assorted apples such as Granny Smith and Gala, 23 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 18 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 23 cup sour cream, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla bean paste or pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon apple pie spice, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: Sour Cream Apple Pie, picturelink: CJ4iC6F08i9zpbLSjoVvT3htLR62Ife}, 13589: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring the peppercorns, cardamom pods, star anise, cinnamon sticks, and 4 cups cold water to a boil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Turn off the heat, add the tea bags and let steep 5 minutes. Discard the tea bags, strain the tea mixture into a large measuring cup and discard the spices. Let the tea mixture cool at room temperature for at least 10 minutes, then chill completely in the refrigerator, about 1 hour.nTo serve, fill 4 tall glasses with ice. Divide the chilled tea mixture among them. Whisk the sweetened condensed milk and milk together in a small bowl or large measuring cup until smooth, then pour 14 cup into each glass. Stir and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 6 green cardamom pods, lightly crushed, 3 star anise, 2 cinnamon sticks, 8 black tea bags, 34 cup sweetened condensed milk, 14 cup milk], title: Iced Masala Chai, picturelink: tP5U4etMtEoVTlrgG8sa9nC08600dG}, 13590: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. To make the crust, combine the graham crackers, sugar and melted butter until moistened. Pour into a 9 12 inch springform pan. With your hands, press the crumbs into the bottom of the pan and about 1 inch up the sides. Bake for 8 minutes. Cool to room temperature.nRaise the oven temperature to 450 degrees F. Test your oven with an oven thermometer to be sure its accurate To make the filling, cream the cream cheese and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment on mediumhigh speed for about 5 minutes, until light and fluffy. Reduce the mixer to medium and add the eggs and egg yolks, two at a time, mixing well. Scrape down the bowl and beater as necessary. With the mixer on low, add the sour cream, lemon zest and vanilla. Mix thoroughly and pour into the cooled crust.nPlace the cheesecake on a sheet pan and bake for 15 minutes. Turn the oven temperature down to 225 degrees F and bake for another 1 hour and 15 minutes. Turn the oven off and open the door wide. The cake will not be completely set in the center. Allow the cake to sit in the oven with the door open for 30 minutes. Take the cake out of the oven and allow it to sit at room temperature for another 2 to 3 hours, until completely cooled. Wrap and refrigerate overnight.nRemove the cake from the springform pan by carefully running a hot knife around the outside of the cake. Leave the cake on the bottom of the springform pan for serving.nMelt the jelly in a medium saucepan over low heat. Toss the raspberries in the warm jelly gently until well mixed. Pile the berries on top of the cake. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 12 cups graham cracker crumbs 10 crackers, 1 tablespoon sugar, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, melted, 2 12 pounds cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 5 whole extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 2 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 14 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest 2 lemons, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup red jelly not jam, such as currant, raspberry or strawberry, 3 halfpints fresh raspberries], title: Raspberry Cheesecake, picturelink: rzFDuT48WWiZsB0wFuu78oe0va6m2zu}, 13591: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except oysters in a small mixing bowl. Shuck oysters and discard their top shells. Place on a preheated grill and spoon a small amount of the butter mixture onto each one. Close lid and grill for 2 minutes until the edges of the oysters just begin to curl. Transfer to a rock saltlined platter and garnish with lemon wedges. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 dozen oysters, 4 Tbs. melted butter, 1 tsp. parsley, chopped fine, 1 Tbs. lemon juice, 1 tsp. prepared horseradish, 1 garlic clove, minced, a couple dashes hot sauce, salt and pepper, rock salt for plating, lemon wedges], title: Barbecued Oysters, picturelink: null}, 13592: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the dough, combine the milk and canola oil in a large pot. Add the sugar and stir. Scald the mixture by heating it almost to a boil. Turn off the heat and let the mixture cool until its warm but not too warm.nAdd 8 cups of the flour along with the yeast and stir it around until combinedit will be super sticky Cover the mixture with the lid of the pot or a dishtowel, and let it sit for an hour or so until it has risen.nSprinkle in the remaining cup of flour, the baking power, baking soda and salt and stir gently to combine. It takes a while to get it stirred together.nTo make the rolls, drizzle a small amount of butter into 36 muffins cups 3 trays. Pinch off a small amount of the dough and roll into a neat ball. As you roll, place in groups of 3 in each muffin cup. Continue with the rest of the dough.nSet the pans in a draftfree, slightly warm place, cover with a lightweight dish towel and allow the rolls to rise until light and puffy, 1 to 1 12 hours.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBake until deep golden brown, 18 to 20 minutes. Serve piping hot., ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, 1 cup canola oil, 1 cup sugar, 9 cups allpurpose flour, 2 packages 2 14 teaspoons each active dry yeast, 1 heaping teaspoon baking powder, 1 scant teaspoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon salt, Melted butter, for drizzling], title: NoKnead Cloverleaf Rolls, picturelink: 3pyVOrz1YUMy0QEWLumQTvRN99MO0QC}, 13593: {instructions: Bring a large stockpot of water to a boil. In a wok or deep, heavy saucepan, heat about 3 inches of peanut oil. The oil must be very hot, about 375 degrees F.nMake the sauce: In a large skillet or saute pan, heat the 2 tablespoons of peanut oil. Over mediumhigh heat, saute the garlic just until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the sugar and continue to saute until the garlic begins to caramelize, 1 or 2 minutes longer. Deglaze the pan with the rice wine, rice wine vinegar, and soy sauce. Add the carrots, haricots verts, and 2 ounces of the green onion, reserving 1 ounce as garnish. Stir in the chili sauce and continue to cook until the sauce is reduced by half.nMeanwhile, add salt to the boiling water and cook the noodles until they are al dente. Drain the noodles well and stir them into the sauce until they are well coated.nSeason the shrimp or calamari with salt and pepper and toss with the flour to coat lightly. Deepfry the shrimp or calamari in small batches until golden, 1 or 2 minutes. The easiest way to do this is to use a finemesh basket or strainer. Place the shrimp or calamari in the basket and gently ease the basket into the oil. Drain on clean paper towels.nTo serve, divide the noodles and vegetables among 4 large warm plates. Arrange the shrimp or calamari over and around each portion and garnish with the remaining green onions. Drizzle a little sesame oil over the noodles and serve immediately.nPrepare an ice bath. Separate the garlic into cloves and remove the ends of each clove. Fill a small saucepan with water. Salt lightly and bring to a boil. Carefully drop the whole cloves into the water and blanch for 30 seconds. Remove with a slotted spoon and immediately plunge into the ice water to stop the cooking process. Repeat the process. Drain the garlic and dry it well. The peels should slip off easily. Cut the garlic into slices and use as needed.nYield: 34 to 1 cup, ingredients: [Oil for deepfrying, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 34 cup 4 ounces sliced DoubleBlanched Garlic, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup rice wine, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce, 4 ounces carrots, peeled, trimmed, and cut into julienne about 1 cup, 4 ounces haricots verts, trimmed, blanched, and refreshed about 1 cup, 4 ounces green onions, trimmed and cut into strips about 1 cup, 2 teaspoons Vietnamese chile sauce, 12 ounces fresh Chinese egg noodles or thin spaghetti, 1 pound large shrimp, cleaned and tails removed, or, 1 pound calamari, cleaned and cut into 14inch rings, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, About 12 cup flour, 14 teaspoon sesame oil, 3 heads garlic, Kosher salt], title: Crispy Shrimp or Calamari with Chinese Noodles and Spicy Garlic Sauce, picturelink: null}, 13594: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, cover 12 of the potatoes with cold water and a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil and blanch until tender, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat, drain and reserve.nIn a large pot over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the onions and leeks and stir. Cover the pot and saute the onions and leeks until they are translucent, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Uncover, and add the raw potatoes, the bouquet garni, salt and pepper, chicken stock and cream, and stir. Bring the soup to a simmer over medium heat, uncovered. Simmer until the potatoes are soft, cooking for about 15 minutes. Remove from heat.nUsing a blender, puree the soup in batches. Taste for seasoning and adjust with salt and pepper. Return the soup to the pot, add the blanched potatoes, and place over medium heat. When the soup begins to simmer, add the watercress and scallops, and cook for 30 seconds, stirring once. Ladle the soup into hot bowls and sprinkle with chives. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 Idaho potatoes, peeled and sliced, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large Spanish onions, peeled and medium diced, 3 medium leeks, cleaned and chopped, 1 bouquet garni: cheesecloth packet containing, parsley, peppercorns, bay leaf and thyme sprigs, Salt, White pepper, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 12 bunches watercress, cleaned, stems removed and coarsely chopped, 1 12 pounds fresh bay scallops rock shrimp or crabmeat can be substituted, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Potato, Leek and Watercress Soup with Bay Scallops, picturelink: null}, 13595: {instructions: Special equipment: an 8inch springform pannLoosely roll a large piece of aluminum foil about 20inches long into a 1inch cylinder. Form a ring with the foil, about 7 inches in diameter. Fill a 6quart slow cooker with 12 inch of water and place the foil ring in the bottom.nPlace the graham crackers in the bowl of a food processor and process until finely ground. Add 4 tablespoons of the melted butter and pulse to combine the mixture should look like wet sand. Brush the inside of an 8inch springform pan with the remaining 1 tablespoon melted butter. Press the crumb mixture into the bottom of the pan, and onethird of the way up the sides. Use the bottom of a round drinking glass to help press the crumb mixture into the pan.nWipe out the food processor, then add the cream cheese, 1 cup of the brown sugar, the sour cream, vanilla and salt, and blend until very smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Add the eggs, pulsing until smooth and uniform. Pour the filling into the crust.nGently place the cheesecake on the foil ring in the slow cooker. Drape a double layer of paper towels over the opening of the slow cooker and place the lid over the paper towels the ends of the paper towels should come out from under the lid. Cook on low heat until the cheesecake is just set, but still jiggles slightly when the pan is moved, 4 hours.nTurn off the heat and remove the lid. Wipe out the inside of the lid and replace the paper towels with new paper towels, and cover the slow cooker again. Cool the cake in the slow cooker, 2 to 3 hours.nRemove the cheesecake, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled, at least 3 hours and up to 3 days.nOne hour before serving, place the peaches in a mixing bowl with the remaining 1 tablespoon brown sugar. Toss to combine and macerate for at least 1 hour, stirring occasionally.nRun a small knife around the edge of the cheesecake and remove the outer ring of the pan. Spoon the peaches, along with any of the juices, over the cheesecake to serve., ingredients: [12 graham crackers, broken in half, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon lightly packed light brown sugar, 34 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Pinch fine salt, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 3 small ripe peaches, pitted and cut in to 14inch wedges], title: SlowCooker Brown Sugar Cheesecake, picturelink: hL1PHxPQPRz7Ico7XFGCPJBCm8EKnM.}, 13596: {instructions: Special equipment: One 9inch springform pan, butterednSet a rack at the middle level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees.nUse an electric mixer on medium speed, fitted with the paddle attachment to beat together the butter, sugar, brown sugar, espresso powder and almond extract until light, about 2 minutes. Beat in chocolate, then eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stop to scrape bowl and beater often.nBeat in the cake meal, then almonds.nScrape the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the top. Bake the cake 30 to 40 minutes, until it is fairly firm in the center, but still somewhat soft in general. Do not overbake or cake will be very dry. Cool the cake up on a rack.nTo finish the cake, run the blade of a small knife between the side of the pan and the cake all around to loosen it. Unbuckle the springform side and remove it, but leave the cake on the base.nTo make the whipped cream, combine the cream, sugar and vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer and whip until the cream holds soft peaks. Spread the cream over the top of the cake and sprinkle with the slivered almonds. If you are preparing the cake early in the day, leave it covered at room temperature and whip the cream and refrigerate it. Rewhip the cream if it has separated, spread it on the cake and sprinkle with the almonds right before serving., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup dark brown sugar, firmly packed, 1 tablespoon instant espresso coffee powder, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 34 cup matzoh cake meal, 1 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted], title: Slivered Almond Passover Fudge Cake, picturelink: null}, 13597: {instructions: Place pine nuts in a dry skillet and toast over mediumhigh heat, shaking pan frequently, until browned and fragrant, 35 minutes. Remove from hot pan and set aside to cool completely then coarsely chop.nBring a pot of salted water to boil. Add cauliflower and boil for 3 minutes.Drain and then transfer to a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Drain again and pat dry with paper towels.nCombine 2 tablespoons butter and the olive oil in a large skillet and heat on medium high until butter is foaming. Add blanched cauliflower and season with salt, pepper and sugar. Cook without stirring for the first 35 minutes to allow cauliflower to caramelize on one side, then stir to turn cauliflower and continue cooking until uniformly caramelized, another 34 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl.nPour Chardonnay into pan, turn heat to high and bring to a boil. Boil, scraping up browned bits from bottom of pan with a wooden spoon until liquid is reduced by half and slightly thickened. Remove pan from heat and swirl in butter. Pour sauce over cauliflower and stir to coat. Sprinkle with toasted pine nuts and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 Tbs. pine nuts, Kosher salt, 1 head cauliflower, cored and broken into 1 florets, 2 Tbs. plus 1 tsp. unsalted butter, 1 Tbs. olive oil, ground black pepper, 18 tsp. sugar, 12 cup leftover Chardonnay], title: Cauliflower Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 13598: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Season the chicken all over with salt, pepper and the paprika. Add to the pot and cook, turning once, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate.nAdd the fennel bulb and bell pepper to the pot and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the rice and cook, stirring, until lightly toasted, 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and return the chicken to the pot bring to a simmer. Cover, reduce the heat to low and cook until the rice is tender and the chicken is cooked through, 16 to 18 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool slightly, about 10 minutes. Add the sundried tomatoes, olives, lemon zest, scallions, parsley, oregano, fennel fronds and cheese stir to combine.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Lay out 1 sheet of phyllo on the parchment and brush generously with melted butter. Layer another sheet of phyllo ontop brush with butter. Repeat with the remaining 6 sheets of phyllo do not butter the last sheet. Reserve about 2 tablespoons butter to brush the outside of the strudel.nMound the chicken mixture down one long side of the phyllo, about 2 inches from the edge. Use the parchment to lift the phyllo and roll it around the filling to make a long cylinder with open ends arrange seamside down on the parchment. Cut several small slits in the top of the roll and brush with the reserved melted butter.nTransfer to the oven and bake until golden brown and crisp, about 30 minutes. Let cool slightly, then cut into thick slices.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 skinless, boneless chicken thighs about 1 12 pounds, cut into 1inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 small bulb fennel, cored and chopped, plus 2 tablespoons chopped fronds, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup basmati rice, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup sundried tomatoes, chopped not oilpacked, 14 cup pitted kalamata olives, chopped, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 4 ounces manouri cheese or goatsmilk feta, crumbled about 1 cup, 8 sheets frozen phyllo dough, thawed, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted], title: Greek Strudel with Chicken and Rice, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 13599: {instructions: Preheat a deep fryer pot filled with the manufacturers recommended level of oil to 280 degrees. Using an Asian vegetable slicer or a mandolin, slice the vegetables paper thin.nFry the vegetables individually in small batches. Cook them until they begin to crisp and hen remove. They will crisp even more as they air dry.nSeason with salt and serve., ingredients: [1 large beet, raw and peeled, 2 parsnips, peeled, 1 large turnip, Frying oil, Salt], title: Tangy Vegetable Chips, picturelink: null}, 13600: {instructions: With a fork beat eggs. Stir in cheese, sage, salt, and pepper.nIn a medium nonstick ovenproof skillet, heat oil over medium heat. Add scallions, reserving 1 tablespoon of the green portion. Cook, stirring occasionally until limp, about 2 minutes. Add eggs. Reduce heat to mediumlow, and cook, drawing eggs away from side of the pan with a wooden spoon so that the uncooked eggs run to sides and cook, for 3 minutes. Spread tomatoes evenly over top and continue to cook until eggs start to set and thicken but surface is still runny, 2 to 3 minutes more. Sprinkle with reserved tablespoon scallion.nPlace under broiler until top is set and golden brown, 1 to 1 12 minutes. Remove from broiler. Serve from pan, or carefully slide onto a serving platter., ingredients: [8 large eggs, 12 cup finely grated Pecorino Romano, 7 leaves sage, thinly shredded, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 6 medium scallions, trimmed and white and light green portion thinly sliced crosswise, 20 very small cherry tomatoes, halved], title: Garden Frittata, picturelink: null}, 13601: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a bowl, microwave the apricot preserves for 15 seconds.nUnroll the refrigerated pie crust onto a large baking sheet. Spread the ricotta cheese all over pie crust, to within 14inch of the edges. Top ricotta with pear slices, slightly fanning out the pears. Brush pears with apricot preserves.nBake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until the crust is golden brown. Top the pizza with granola just before serving and garnish with fresh mint, if desired., ingredients: [12 cup apricot preserves, 1 9 or 10inch refrigerated pie crust, 12 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 2 or 3 ripe pears, peeled, cored, and thinly sliced, 12 cup granola, Mint, to garnish, if desired], title: Layered Pear Pizza with Ricotta, Apricot Preserves, and Granola, picturelink: 5a7otVO7ETD4WOII7UzHfG33tXWuOom}, 13602: {instructions: In a metal stand mixer bowl, combine the eggs and granulated sugar. Beat well to combine. Place the bowl on top of a small pot with 1inch of boiling water be sure that the bowl does not touch the water. Beat the eggs until they have tripled in size and the whisk leaves a trail, 5 to 7 minutes.nOnce the eggs have tripled in size, remove the bowl from the double boiler and put on the stand mixer equipped with the whisk and beat on a medium speed until the bottom of the bowl feels cool, about 5 minutes. Add the mascarpone and chocolate chips and mix until just combined. Refrigerate 1 hour.nCombine the boiling water, brown sugar, espresso powder, cocoa powder, and coffee liqueur. Stir until everything has dissolved. Let cool.nWhen the espresso mixture has cooled, dip the cookies in the liquid one at a time and line the bottom of a 9 by 13inch baking dish. Spread 13 of the chilled mascarpone mixture over the cookies. Repeat this process 2 more times finishing with a layer of mascarpone. For more stability, lay the second layer of cookies in the opposite direction of the first layer.nCover and refrigerate for at least a couple of hours and up to overnight the longer it chills the easier it will be to slice.nTop the tiramisu with finely grated chocolate. Cut into squares and serve., ingredients: [6 eggs, 1 cup granulated sugar, 4 cups mascarpone, 1 cup tiny chocolate chips, 6 cups boiling water, 34 cup brown sugar, 12 cup instant espresso powder, 3 tablespoons cocoa powder, 12 cup coffee liqueur, 2 14ounce packs Savoiardi cookies Italian ladyfingers, 34 cup finely grated chocolate], title: Tiramisu, picturelink: null}, 13603: {instructions: In a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter and saute the leeks until soft, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add the potatoes and stock and cook until the vegetables are cooked through and beginning to fall apart, about 15 to 20 minutes. If using an immersion blender, submerge in the soup and puree until smooth but with some small chunks remaining. If using a blender, ladle the soup into the blender and blend until smooth but with some small chunks remaining. You may have to do this in 2 batches. Add the cream and blend to combine, then check for seasoning and add salt and pepper, to taste. Serve hot ladled into soup bowls and topped with some of the chopped chives.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 large leeks, white and pale green parts only, well rinsed to remove sand grit, chopped, 2 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into small chunks, 1 quart lowsodium chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped fresh chives, for garnish, Special Equipment: an immersion blender, or blender], title: Potato and Leek Soup, picturelink: c7P1O3F87UDYk2jMgE2R4vlREpwFV6}, 13604: {instructions: Place a nori sheet lengthwise on a bamboo rolling mat, shinyside down. Position the sheet about 1inch from the edge of the mat closest to you and leave some of the bamboo mat exposed on either side of the nori sheet. Wet your hands in cool water and take a handful of sushi rice. Place the rice in the center of the nori and use your fingers to spread the rice evenly over the nori. Be sure to leave a 34inch strip of nori uncovered on the far side. Place tuna strips and some julienne vegetable, cucumber or avocado along the center of the rice. Be careful not to overfill the nori. Place your fingertips over the fillings to hold them in place. Then, use your thumbs to lift up the edge of the bamboo rolling mat closest to you. Begin rolling the mat away from you, while applying pressure to the fillings to keep the roll firm. Roll the mat over slowly until it covers the rice and the near and far sides of rice join, still leaving the 34inch strip of nori, ricefree, exposed. While holding the bamboo mat in position, apply pressure to the roll with your fingers to make the roll firm. Slice the roll in half, then cut both rolls twice to make 6 equal sized pieces. Repeat this process with the salmon and various fillings, nori and rice.nRinse the rice in cold water while stirring briskly to remove any dirt. Drain the rice completely. Place the rice and the 6 cups of water in a medium sized saucepan and cover it with a tight fitting lid. Bring the water to a boil over medium heat. Allow the water to boil for 3 minutes and then reduce the heat to low and continue cooking 15 minutes without removing the lid. Remove the rice from the heat and remove the lid the water should no longer be visible. Turn the rice out evenly on a wellgreased cookie sheet using a spatula or rice paddle. Sprinkle the rice with the vinegar, sugar, and salt while mixing with a spatula or rice paddle until the rice reaches body temperature. Keep the rice covered with damp paper towels or napkin until the rice is ready to use., ingredients: [5 sheets nori, 2 cups sushi rice, recipe follows, 2 ounces sushigrade tuna, cut into14 by 12 by 3inch strips, 2 ounces sushigrade salmon, cut into14 by 12 by 3inch strips, 1 hot house cucumber, julienne, 1 carrot, peeled and julienne, 12 avocado, thinly sliced, 5 cups shortgrain sushi rice, 6 cups water, 12 cup rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Sushi Rolls, picturelink: null}, 13605: {instructions: Cut bananas in half lengthwise and then in half again crosswise. Pour sugar onto a small plate. Dip the cut sides of the bananas in the sugar, and caramelize under the broiler or with a blowtorch.nPlace a scoop of each flavor of ice cream in a martini glass. Place 2 pieces of caramelized bananas at the back of the glass like rabbit ears. Drizzle with chocolate sauce, then spoonfuls of marshmallow sauce and pineapple sauce, then sprinkle with chopped nuts. Garnish with a big sprig of mint., ingredients: [2 ripe bananas, 14 cup coarse or granulated sugar, 2 flavors ice cream, 12 cup store bought chocolate sauce, 12 cup store bought marshmallow sauce, 14 cup pineapple sauce, store bought, 14 cup chopped peanuts, 4 mint sprigs, for garnish, optional], title: Caramelized Banana Split, picturelink: null}, 13606: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the tops off each pepper, reserve them and hollow out the insides of the peppers of any seeds and seed walls. Sprinkle the insides with a pinch salt and a pinch pepper and set aside.nHeat 1 teaspoon of the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat and add the garlic and onions. Cook until softened, 3 minutes, and then add the beef, oregano, cinnamon and cumin. Cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until no longer pink. Stir in 1 tablespoon of the tomato paste until it coats the meat and is slightly darkened. Stir in the broth, rice and lentils. Remove from the heat and set aside until the liquid is absorbed and the mixture is cooled slightly. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper.nDivide the filling among the peppers and place the tops back on. Set the peppers upright in a small baking dish, such as an 8inch square baking dish. Whisk 1 12 cups water with the remaining tablespoon of tomato paste and olive oil. Pour into the dish around the peppers. Cover tightly with foil and bake until the peppers are tender and the rice and lentils are cooked through, about 1 hour 15 minutes.nCarefully transfer the peppers to a serving dish and pour the cooking liquid into a medium nonstick skillet. Boil over high heat until the sauce is thickened and reduced to about 12 cup. Remove from the heat and add the dill. Season with salt and pepper. Serve the sauce with the stuffed peppers., ingredients: [4 bell peppers any color, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 teaspoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 small onion, chopped, 8 ounces 90percent lean ground beef, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup longgrain white rice, 13 cup brown lentils, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, parsley or 14 teaspoon dried mint], title: LightenedUp Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: NAU8tkF2Dhx7KO66x5Xp3qRKd1KGUza}, 13607: {instructions: In a bowl combine the tablespoon rice vinegar, minced fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon salt and teaspoon sesame oil. Marinate the chicken in this mixture for 30 minutes. During this time soak rice noodles in warm water to cover for 10 minutes drain and set in colander.nWhen you are ready to eat combine broth, garlic clove, remaining tablespoon rice vinegar and sesame oil and bring to a boil. Add soaked rice noodles and cook for 5 minutes. Remove garlic clove. Add the marinated chicken to the broth and simmer for 1 to 2 minutes or until just cooked through. Add the spinach and remove from heat when spinach is wilted. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Ladle out soup., ingredients: [1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 2 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil, 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into thin julienne, 8 ounces rice noodles, 4 cups chicken broth, 1 whole garlic clove, crushed, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 8 ounces Spinach or bok choy leaves, washed and chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Chicken and Rice Noodles in Broth, picturelink: null}, 13608: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, make the pesto: Process the tomatoes, basil, mint, almonds, garlic, orange zest and 1 teaspoon salt in a food processor until combined. With the motor running, gradually add 13 cup olive oil in a steady stream and blend to make a coarse pesto, scraping down the sides of the processor as needed. Transfer the pesto to a large bowl do not wash out the processor.nAdd the bucatini to the boiling water and cook as the label directs. Meanwhile, heat about 14 inch of olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Put the flour in a shallow dish. Season the shrimp with 12 teaspoon salt, then dredge in the flour. Fry the shrimp in 2 batches until golden and crisp, about 2 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt.nRemove the pasta with tongs reserve the cooking water and transfer to the bowl with the pesto toss to coat. If the pasta seems dry, rinse the food processor with 12 cup of the reserved cooking water and add to the pasta, a little at a time. Season with salt. Add the cheese and toss. Drizzle the pasta with olive oil and divide among bowls top with the shrimp.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 cups drained canned San Marzano tomatoes about 8 tomatoes, 2 cups packed fresh basil leaves, 2 cups packed fresh mint leaves, 12 cup sliced almonds, lightly toasted, 2 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for frying and drizzling, 1 pound bucatini or spaghetti, 12 cup instant flour such as Wondra, 1 pound extralarge shrimp, peeled and deveined, halved lengthwise, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese], title: Bucatini With Pesto and Shrimp, picturelink: aiweAd15yORa.6vXbndu51E6CfypqE.}, 13609: {instructions: Toast nuts over low heat in a small pan. Warm the chocolate hazelnut spread in the microwave on high until it has the consistency of hot fudge sauce, 40 seconds to 1 minute. In sundae cups or small bowls, layer ice cream with sliced cookies, toasted nuts, and chocolate hazelnut sauce. Garnish with a twist of whipped cream from a canister., ingredients: [1 cup chopped nuts, such as hazelnuts, 1 cup chocolate hazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, 2 pints rum raisin ice cream, 12 soft fig cake cookies, sliced recommended: Fig Newtons, Whipped cream, canister], title: Figgy Sundaes, picturelink: IO9uCUP9SE6IfiIqVvnmb.XqH6HOO}, 13610: {instructions: For the dressing: Smash the garlic cloves, sprinkle with the salt, and, with the flat side of a large knife, mash and smear the mixture to a coarse paste. Put in a bowl and whisk with the mayonnaise, vinegar, and black pepper to taste.nFor the salad: Put the water, vermouth, garlic, salt, thyme, bay leaf, peppercorns, and potatoes in a large saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the carrots, lower the heat, and cook until the vegetables are tender but not mushy, about 5 minutes. Stir in the radishes, then immediately drain all the vegetables in a colander in the sink. Remove and discard the garlic, thyme, bay leaf, and peppercorns. Cool slightly and toss the vegetables with the dressing. Cover and refrigerate about 30 minutes. The salad can be prepared up to this point a day ahead.nAbout 10 minutes before serving, toss the cucumber, tomatoes, and scallions in a small bowl with salt and black pepper to taste. When ready to serve, fold the cucumber mixture and herbs into the potato salad. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 12 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 cups water, 23 cup dry white vermouth, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 tablespoons kosher salt plus additional for seasoning, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 4 black peppercorns, 2 pounds small redskinned waxy potatoes, sliced into 18inchthick rounds, 5 medium carrots, peeled and sliced into 18inchthick rounds, 1 bunch radishes, sliced into 18inchthick rounds about 8, 12 English cucumber or 1 large Kirby cucumber, sliced into 18inchthick rounds, 1 cup grape or cherry tomatoes, halved, 3 scallions white and green parts, thinly sliced, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup lightly packed chopped mixed fresh herbs, such as flatleaf parsley, dill, or tarragon, 6 lemon wedges], title: Spring Garden Potato Salad, picturelink: 5vlM3l3exxei4ySJH9WMrs1EPfn3BLu}, 13611: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nDredge the chicken breasts in the blackening spice and place in a cast iron skillet over very high heat. Blacken both sides of the chicken and place in the oven for 10 minutes, or until internal temperature of chicken reaches 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Slice in strips on the bias and set aside.nIn a saute pan over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil. Add garlic and lightly caramelize. Then add the sundried tomatoes and the chicken slices. Deglaze the pan with the white wine. Add the heavy cream, increase the heat to a simmer, and reduce the cream sauce by half.nWhen the cream sauce is to desired consistency, stir in 12 cup Parmesan, salt, pepper, and pasta.nNest the pasta on large rimmed plates, pour sauce over pasta, and garnish with scallions and the remaining 14 cup Parmesan., ingredients: [4 5ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 cup blackening spice recommended: Paul Prudhommes Chicken, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 cup roughly chopped marinated sundried tomatoes, 14 cup white wine, 3 cups heavy cream, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound cooked fettuccine, 12 cup sliced scallions], title: Cajun Chicken Alfredo, picturelink: Gt7G.xTvD1WKVoyG1CdRz6J6oapom}, 13612: {instructions: Put the eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water by 2 inches. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat and cook 8 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice water to cool, then peel and slice.nMeanwhile, put the green beans in a microwavesafe bowl with 12 cup water and a pinch of salt. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and microwave until tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water. Cut the green beans in half.nDrain the tuna and toss with the green beans, scallions, bell pepper, parsley, olives, lemon juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste.nLightly toast the bagels. Layer the tomato slices, tuna salad and hardboiled eggs on the bagel bottoms. Drizzle with olive oil and close with the bagel tops.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 large eggs, 1 cup green beans, trimmed, Kosher salt, 2 5ounce cans tuna packed in olive oil preferably Italian, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, 1 small green bell pepper, diced, 12 cup fresh parsley, 14 cup chopped pitted green olives, Juice of 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Freshly ground pepper, 4 everything bagels, split, 1 large tomato, cut into 4 slices], title: Tuna Bagel Nicoise, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 13613: {instructions: Combine the vermouth with the club soda in a pitcher. Pour into 4 glasses. Divide the berries and ice cubes among the glasses. Give the mint leaves a rub and add one to each glass. Serve chilled., ingredients: [8 ounces rose citrus vermouth, such as Lillet, 8 ounces club soda, 8 berries raspberries, blueberries or blackberries, 4 berry ice cubes see Cooks Note, 4 fresh mint leaves], title: Citrus Berry Spritz, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 13614: {instructions: Cut the tips off the wings and discard. Cut remaining chicken wings in half at the joint. Deep fry wings in about 2 inches of oil in skillet until done. Drain on paper towels. Melt butter and hot sauce together. Dip fried wings into the sauce. Serve with a spicy blue cheese dip or dressing and celery sticks.nSPICY BLUE CHEESE SAUCE: In a small bowl mix together all ingredients. Serve with chicken wings., ingredients: [24 chicken wings, 12 cup butter, 1 cup hot sauce, Vegetable oil, for frying, 8 ounces ranch style dressing, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Buffalo Wings with Spicy Blue Cheese Sauce, picturelink: b4HQDExnuEYauZCX0bg2SOcETeX2Mx2}, 13615: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 4 mini cupcake pans with 96 cupcake liners.nSift the flour, baking powder, and salt.nCream the butter in large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed. Gradually add the sugar, mixing until light and fluffy. Add the beaten eggs on low speed. Do not over mix. Add the flour mixture alternating with the milk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture, always on low speed. Finally, on low speed, stir in the vanilla and almond flavorings. Pour into the cupcake liners and bake until light brown on top, 11 minutes. Cool before frosting.nCream the butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed. Add the vanilla and salt. Add 1 cup powdered sugar and mix on low speed. Stir in the melted chocolate until well blended. Alternate adding the remaining 3 cups powdered sugar with the cream, a teaspoon at a time, until the desired consistency is reached., ingredients: [4 cups cake flour, 6 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 sticks 1 pound unsalted butter, 2 cups sugar, 4 eggs, slightly beaten, 2 14 cups milk, 5 teaspoons vanilla extract, Secret amount almond extract, Chocolate Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows, 2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Dash of salt, 4 cups powdered sugar, divided, 12 cup chocolate chips, melted and cooled recommended: Ghirardelli, Heavy whipping cream, Secret ingredient], title: Big Man Bakes Old School Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 13616: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 16inch Dutch ovennPrepare the Sourdough Starter the night before. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSprinkle yeast in the starter and stir. Add sugar and stir. Add salt and stir. Add baking powder and stir. Add oil and then gradually add flour. Place dough on a floured board and sprinkle more flour on top of dough. Flatten dough by hand and then cut with a biscuit cutter. Spray a 16inch Dutch oven with nonstick cooking spray and then add a little oil to the bottom of the Dutch oven. Place biscuits in Dutch oven, being careful not to overcrowd them. Top with melted butter and set aside to let rise until wrinkles are gone. Bake for 15 minutes or until golden brown.nDissolve yeast in warm water and whisk to combine. Add sugar and whisk until sugar dissolves. Add sifted flour, 1 cup at a time, whisking after each addition to combine. Peel, wash, and grate the raw potato and add it to the flour mixture. Place starter in a very clean, wide bowl, cover it with a towel, and let rest in a warm place overnight. The starter should be made ahead of time, even 3 to 4 days ahead., ingredients: [4 cups Sourdough Starter, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 13 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 3 heaping teaspoons baking powder, 34 cup vegetable oil, 3 12 to 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 stick butter, melted, 1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 4 cups warm water 105 to 115 degrees F, 13 cup sugar, 4 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, 1 raw potato], title: Sourdough Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 13617: {instructions: Mix the sugar and 14 cup water in a heavybottomed large saucepan. Heat the sugar mixture on high heat until the mixture caramelizes the water will need to evaporate before the sugar will caramelize. Once the caramel reaches a deep brown color, turn the heat to low and carefully add the bananas. Stir with a wooden or heatresistant spoon until the bananas begin to break down, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the salt and remove from the heat. Stir in the lime juice and vanilla.nServe with warm biscuits. The jam will keep in the refrigerator for up to 1 month., ingredients: [2 cups granulated sugar, 3 cups sliced bananas, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Warm biscuits, for serving], title: Biscuit Love Banana Jam, picturelink: null}, 13618: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, combine chili powder, cayenne, granulated garlic, and flour. Set aside. In a heavy bottomed, large stock pot, heat canola oil over mediumhigh heat. Add beef cubes and brown on all sides. Add onions and jalapenos and saute for 4 to 5 minutes. Add garlic and saute for 1 minute more. Mix in flour mixture, stirring frequently, for 2 to 3 minutes. Deglaze with beef broth. Then add vinegar. Stir well to combine. Bring to a boil. Lower heat to mediumlow and simmer for 2 hours, adding additional beef broth, if necessary, to keep meat simmering in liquid. When meat is fork tender, remove to a sheet pan and shred with 2 forks. Add shredded beef back into pot, along with pinto and black beans, lime juice and half the cilantro. Cook until mixture is heated through. Remove from heat and allow to cool.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large, deepsided skillet, heat corn oil to 325 degrees F. While oil is heating, prepare chimichangas. Fill bottom half of a tortilla with 34 cup of the beef and bean mixture and 2 tablespoons pepper jack cheese when filling tortillas, use a slotted spoon to scoop out beef if mixture is a little liquidy. Lift the edge of the tortilla and roll it over the filling to secure it. Fold in both sides and continue rolling until you reach the opposite end. Secure with a 6inch skewer weaved through the seam side of burrito. Repeat with remaining tortillas. Slowly lower chimichangas into hot oil and cook 2 minutes on each side or until golden brown. You can cook 4 burritos per batch. Remove from oil, drain on paper towels and keep warm in oven until all are cooked.nTo serve, place a bed of shredded lettuce on each plate, then a spoonful of salsa. Place chimichangas on top and add a dollop of sour cream, sprinkle with diced tomatoes, avocado and remaining cilantro to garnish. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 pounds boneless beef rump, trimmed and cut into 1inch cubes, 2 yellow onions, chopped, 3 teaspoons seeded and minced jalapenos, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 14 cups beef broth, plus extra if necessary, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 15ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 1 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 14 cup lime juice about 3 limes, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 4 to 6 cups corn oil, 10 11inch flour tortillas, steamed, 2 12 cups shredded pepper jack cheese, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, 34 cup salsa, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup seeded and diced tomatoes, 1 avocado, diced], title: Top Notch Top Round Chimichangas, picturelink: PrW4XQuWy7MsH5MpranQBm7q7OaPLO}, 13619: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat about 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Stir in the garlic, saute for 2 minutes, then add the tomatoes and hot pepper flakes. Season with salt, to taste, and toss to coat in the oil. Cover the pan, raise heat a bit and cook until the tomatoes burst, about for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the lid, squish any whole tomatoes with a wooden spoon and let the tomatoes thicken, about 1 minute. Stir in the parsley, adjust the seasoning and remove from the heat.nHeat the broiler and char the bread on both sides. Arrange the bread on a platter and top with the hot tomatoes. Garnish with torn basil leaves and drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 pints cherry tomatoes, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Salt, A handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, A few basil leaves, torn, 1 loaf semolina bread, sliced], title: Bruschetta with Hot Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: vO92tV9XEhLF0fy6y7x19QzXu76yr7S}, 13620: {instructions: For the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the chili oil, vegetable oil and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nFor the salad: In a medium bowl, combine the greens, carrots and scallions, but do not add the dressing yet. Cover with a damp paper towel and set in the fridge until ready to serve.nFor the squid: Fill a wok or deep fryer halfway with vegetable oil and heat to 350 degrees F, or until a cube of bread turns golden browns in 15 seconds and floats to the surface. If frying in a wok, make sure that the wok is stable on a burner or wok ring.nWhisk together the eggs and potato starch, and then coat each squid ring well with the batter. Carefully add the squid rings to the hot oil and fry, in batches, until a light golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Season with salt, pepper and chili flakes.nWhen ready to serve, toss the salad with a couple tablespoons of the dressing and top with the hot crispy squid. Garnish with sthe liced scallion greens and serve.nCooks Notes: You can use frozen squid rings, but fresh are best.nThis dish makes a great appetizer or a shared main course., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chili oil, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 lemons, juiced, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 6 ounces mixed baby greens, 12 cup peeled and julienned carrots, 2 scallions, chopped lengthwise, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 eggs, beaten, 5 tablespoons potato starch, 1 pound fresh squid tubes and tentacles, washed, cleaned and cut into rings, Sea salt and freshly ground white pepper, Chile flakes, 2 scallions, green parts only, sliced, for garnish], title: Crispy Salt and Pepper Squid with Spicy Asian Salad, picturelink: null}, 13621: {instructions: Blend the ice cream, malt powder and scotch in a blender until smooth in batches, if necessary. Divide among chilled glasses.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 quarts vanilla ice cream, softened, 1 cup malted milk powder such as Ovaltine, 23 cup Scotch], title: Boozy Blondie Milkshakes, picturelink: 30PjJhwDGO.wP.P.1jExFJZM18Ju9WW}, 13622: {instructions: Remove tough muscle from side of each scallop if necessary and halve any large scallops. On a sheet of waxed paper combine flour, salt, cumin and cayenne and dip flat sides of each scallop into mixture to coat, knocking off excess. In a skillet heat butter and olive oil over moderately high heat until foam subsides and saute scallops, flat sides down, until golden and just cooked through, about 2 minutes on each flat side. Remove skillet from heat and cool scallops slightly.nIn a large bowl whisk together lemon juice, extravirgin olive oil, mustard, and salt and pepper, to taste, until emulsified. Peel and pit avocado and cut into 12inchthick wedges. Cut wedges in 12 crosswise and add to dressing. Add scallops with any liquid remaining in skillet, tatsoi, and Praline and gently toss to coat.nIn a bowl stir together pecans, salt, and cayenne. In a dry small heavy skillet or saucepan cook sugar over moderate heat, stirring with a fork, until melted and cook, without stirring, swirling skillet or pan, until a golden caramel. Add pecan mixture and stir to coat nuts with caramel. Spoon praline onto a sheet of foil and cool. Transfer praline to a cutting board and chop fine. Praline can be made 3 days ahead and kept in an airtight container., ingredients: [34 pound sea scallops, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon cayenne, 12 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 34 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 large firmripe avocado, 7 cups tatsoi, thick, spoonshaped Asian greens or baby spinach leaves, washed well and spun dry, Praline, recipe follows, 13 cup pecans, chopped fine, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste, 3 tablespoons sugar], title: Warm Scallop and Spinach Salad, picturelink: null}, 13623: {instructions: Bring 2 quarts salted water to a boil. Add the linguine and corn and cook until the pasta is al dente, about 5 minutes. Remove the corn from the pot of boiling water. Drain the linguine, reserving 1 cup of the cooking water.nMeanwhile, dust the crabs in the flour, making sure to coat them fully. Heat a concave skillet or small wok over high heat. Add the oil and garlic, then gently add the crabs and saute until the crabs are slightly browned, about 1 minute per side. Add the cherry tomatoes, kale, chile pepper, clams and wine. Saute until the clams open, about 2 minutes. Add the seafood seasoning and turn off the heat.nAdd the linguine to the skillet with the crab saute.nHold the ear of corn vertically, placing one end on a plate, and cut downward using a sharp knife to remove the kernels. Add the kernels to the skillet with the crab and pasta. Add some of the reserved pasta cooking water and cook over medium heat, tossing all of the ingredients together until the linguine is cooked to your taste preferably still al dented. Discard any clams that remain closed. Divide the seafood and pasta among 2 bowls or serve on a large platter placing the finished crab and clams on top., ingredients: [Salt, 8 ounces linguine, 1 ear white summer corn, 2 softshell crabs, cleaned see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour,, 14 cup olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, 10 cherry tomatoes, 1 cup chopped baby kale, 1 long green chile pepper, chopped, or a pinch of red pepper flakes, 6 fresh Chincoteague clams in their shells with their liquid, 2 12 ounces dry rose wine, 12 teaspoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay], title: Linguine Spiaggia, picturelink: null}, 13624: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, brown sugar and salt in a food processor to combine. Add half of the butter and pulse until combined. Add the remaining butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal. Add 14 cup ice water pulse a few more times until the dough just holds together when pinched add up to 1 more tablespoon ice water if needed. Turn the dough out onto a piece of plastic wrap press into a disk and wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a baking sheet and bake until lightly toasted, about 8 minutes. Let cool completely set aside. Set another baking sheet on the middle oven rack.nPut the dates in a small bowl and cover with 12 cup boiling water set aside 5 minutes. Transfer the dates with their soaking liquid to a food processor. Add the butter and pulse until smooth. Add the pumpkin puree, corn syrup, brown sugar, vanilla, flour and cinnamon pulse until smooth. Add the heavy cream and eggs pulse until just combined.nRoll out the dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch pie plate, pressing the dough into the bottom and up the side. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp with your fingers or a fork. Refrigerate 15 minutes.nSprinkle 34 cup of the toasted pecans in the prepared crust and add the filling. Transfer to the hot baking sheet in the oven and bake until the filling is set around the edge but the center still jiggles, about 1 hour. Transfer to a rack and let cool.nMake the toffee sauce: Bring the butter, brown sugar, corn syrup, heavy cream and salt to a boil in a small saucepan. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until dark and thick, 8 to 12 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool 3 minutes. Pour the warm toffee sauce over the pie and sprinkle the remaining 12 cup toasted pecans on top. Let sit until the toffee sauce sets, at least 1 hour.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, For the filling:, 1 14 cups pecan pieces, 12 cup pitted dates, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 15ounce can pure pumpkin puree, 34 cup dark corn syrup, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 13 cup heavy cream, 2 large eggs, For the toffee sauce:, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dark corn syrup, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, Pinch of salt], title: StickyToffee PecanPumpkin Pie, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 13625: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse the trout until just blended. Add the cream cheese and cream and pulse the trout until just smooth. Add the lemon juice, salt, pepper and chives. Set aside.nServe a dollop with each corn dill muffin and garnish as desired., ingredients: [5 ounces smoked trout, 12 cup soft cream cheese, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt and pepper, Chopped chives, Capers, thinly sliced red onions and dill sprigs, for garnish], title: Smoked Trout Mousse, picturelink: null}, 13626: {instructions: For the Italian Omelette:nCombine eggs, milk, salt, and pepper beat well. In a saute pan over medium heat coat with olive oil, add 14 cup of the egg mixture and cook on one side. Turn an add cheese, sausage, onions and peppers. Fold omelette over once and cook to a golden brown.nFor the Greek Omelette:nCombine eggs, milk, salt, and pepper beat well. In a saute pan over medium heat coat pan with olive oil, add 14 cup of the egg mixture and cook on one side. Turn and add the feta cheese, tomatoes, and spinach. Fold omelette over once, and cook to a golden brown.nFor the Stuffed French toast:nCombine eggs, milk, vanilla, and cinnamon mix well. In a frying pan over medium heat coat pan with butter. Dip Texas style bread into egg mixture and add to frying pan. Cook until golden brown on both sides. Remove from pan and add softened cream cheese in between the French Toast. Top with fresh fruit and sprinkle with powdered sugar, and whipped cream.nServe French Toast with the Italian Omelette and Green Omelette., ingredients: [12 eggs, 12 cup whole milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, 8 slices provolone cheese, 4 Italian sausage links, sweet and cooked, 1 onion, caramelized, 1 red pepper, chopped and sauteed, 12 eggs, 12 cup milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, 1 cup feta cheese, 2 fresh tomatoes, chopped, Fresh baby spinach, cooked, 8 large eggs, 14 cup milk, 12 cup imitation vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, Butter, 8 slices Texas style bread, 1 cup softened cream cheese, 1 cup each fresh strawberries, blueberries, and banana, use thawed frozen berries if fresh is unavailable, Powdered sugar, Whipped cream], title: Omelette French Toast, picturelink: null}, 13627: {instructions: Add all ingredients but the Jack Daniels and ketchup into a food processor. Mix together until well ground and blended. Add the Jack Daniels and the ketchup. Blend again.nMixture is ready for use., ingredients: [1 cup chopped yellow cooking onion, 14 cup chopped green bell pepper, 1 tablespoon precrushed garlic, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dry parsley, 2 teaspoons course ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons dry oregano, 2 tablespoons dry mustard powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon dry rosemary, 12 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon whole cloves, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon virgin olive oil, 12 cup Jack Daniels Old 7, 1 24 ounce bottle ketchup], title: Spice Wizards Sweet Herb and Jack Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 13628: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nToast the bread cubes on baking sheets for about 25 minutes, stirring once or twice, until lightly brown and crisp. Transfer them to a large bowl.nButter a 9 by 13inch baking dish and set aside.nBrush the leeks and mushrooms with oil and grill over medium heat until tender. Slice the white and pale green part of the leek and add them along with the mushrooms to the croutons. Warm 6 tablespoons of butter in a skillet and stir in the celery. Saute until soft, about 7 minutes. Add the sage, thyme, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine and scrape into the bowl of croutons. Add the stock 1 cup at a time until the bread is very moist but not soupy. Cover and refrigerate the dressing until ready to use.nTurn the oven up to 425 degrees F.nTaste and adjust the seasoning of the dressing. Whisk the eggs and baking powder together and incorporate into the dressing. Spoon the dressing into the prepared baking dish and cover. Transfer to the oven and bake for 25 minutes. Uncover and continue baking 15 to 20 additional minutes, or until lightly browned and crusty on top.nGarnish with the herb sprigs and serve the dressing hot., ingredients: [1 pound dense country white bread, cut in 34inch cubes, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the baking dish, 2 leeks, halved lengthwise, 4 to 6 ounces button or wild mushrooms, sliced 13inch thick, Oil, 1 12 cups thinly sliced celery, 2 to 3 teaspoons crumbled dried sage, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme or dried marjoram, or a combination, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups chicken or turkey stock, 2 large eggs, 12 teaspoon baking powder, Fresh sage or thyme sprigs, for garnish], title: Sage Dressing, picturelink: B9eOULXOpF7.w00RsQO9lC0HXzE56SC}, 13629: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan over medium heat, bring the sugar, salt, butter and evaporated milk to a boil. Boil for 6 minutes.nMeanwhile, place the pecans, marshmallow fluff and chocolate in a large bowl. Pour the boiled syrup over the chocolate mixture. Beat until chocolate is all melted.nSpray a 15 12 by 10 12 by 1inch jellyroll pan with a nonstick cooking spray and pour fudge into pan. Let harden at room temperature before cutting into 1inch squares can be placed in the refrigerator or freezer to speed hardening process., ingredients: [4 12 cups sugar, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk, 2 cups coarsely chopped pecans, 1 pint 1 jar marshmallow cream, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, 12 ounces Germans sweet chocolate], title: Mamie Eisenhowers Million Dollar Fudge, picturelink: null}, 13630: {instructions: For the gastrique sauce: Combine the orange juice, sugar, garlic, orange liqueur, ginger and 2 cups of the vinegar in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until the mixture reduces by half, about 20 minutes. Remove 1 cup of the reduction and set aside for the candied kumquats.nStrain the remainder of the reduction left in the saucepan and transfer to a large highsided saute pan. Cook over high heat until reduced by half again, about 15 minutes. Make small slits in the habanero with a paring knife, add it to the reduction and let cook for 5 minutes more. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons vinegar and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in the butter and cook until it melts. Add the parsley, chives, peppercorns and thyme and season with salt and pepper.nFor the duck confit: Whisk together the cinnamon, chile powders, cumin, coriander, ginger, sugar, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, allspice, cloves, fennel seed, cayenne, chile de arbol and 2 tablespoons of the black pepper in a small bowl and set aside.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick pan over medium heat, add the bacon and cook until lightly golden brown on both sides and the fat has rendered, about 10 minutes. Remove the bacon to a plate lined with paper towels.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees and place a baking rack on a rimmed baking sheet.nSeason the duck legs with salt, pepper and some of the spice rub. Store any remaining spice rub in an airtight container for a later use. Place the legs fatside down in the baking drippings in the nonstick pan. Cook slowly over medium heat until the skin is very crisp, about 10 minutes. Turn them over and cook until the other side is crisp, 10 minutes more. Transfer the prepared baking sheet and keep warm in theoven until ready to serve.nFor the duck breasts: Season the duck breasts on both sides with salt and pepper and place skinside down in a cast iron pan. Cook slowly over medium heat, draining the rendered fat from the pan a few times, until the skin is very crisp, about 25 minutes. Turn the breasts over and continue cooking to medium and an instantread thermometer inserted into the center registers 140 degrees F. Remove to a cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing crosswise into 14inchthick slices.nFor the candied kumquats: Bring the reserved 1 cup gastrique to a boil in a small saucepan, reduce the heat to low, add the kumquarts and cook until soft and candied, about 20 minutes.nFor the cranberry relish: Combine the orange juice and honey in a small saute pan, bring to a boil and cook until reduced by a quarter, about 3 minutes. Add the cranberries and cook until they pop and the mixture thickens slightly, about 10 minutes more. Set aside until ready to serve.nTo serve: Spoon some of the gastrique onto 4 large dinner plates. Top with the duck confit and the sliced duck and spoon some of the cranberries and kumquarts on the sides. Garnish with thyme sprigs, if desired., ingredients: [3 cups fresh orange juice, 2 cups sugar, 1 head garlic, sliced in half crosswise, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, One 4inch piece fresh ginger, coarsely chopped, 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons Chardonnay vinegar, 1 habanero or scotch bonnet pepper, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, 2 teaspoon coarsely crushed pink peppercorns, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 3 tablespoons pasilla chile powder, 3 tablespoons ground cumin, 3 tablespoons ground coriander, 3 tablespoons ground ginger, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon allspice, 1 tablespoon ground cloves, 1 tablespoon ground fennel seed, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon dried ground chile de arbol, 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper plus more for seasoning, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 14 pound slab bacon, sliced into three even strips, 4 bonein duck confit legs, 4 duck breasts, skin scored, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 kumquats, thinly sliced, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 12 cups fresh cranberries, Fresh thyme sprigs, for garnish], title: Duck a lOrange, picturelink: ZohLwzjBjmlsmGeyj7G2JGxG6.cDjDq}, 13631: {instructions: Whisk together marinade ingredients. Put half of mushroom caps and half of marinade in each of 2 large sealable plastic bags, arranging mushroom caps in 1 layer, and seal bags, pressing out excess air. Marinate mushrooms at room temperature, turning bags over several times, at least 1 and up to 2 hours.nMake Gorgonzola butter while mushrooms are marinating: On a plate with a fork mash Gorgonzola and butter together until blended well. Make red pepper vinaigrette: In a blender blend vinaigrette ingredients with salt and pepper, to taste, until smooth and emulsified.nPrepare grill.nGrill 1 side of bread on a rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until golden, about 1 minute. Alternatively, bread may be grilled in a hot wellseasoned ridged grill pan over moderately high heat. Divide bread, toasted sides down, among 4 plates. Spread soft side of bread with Gorgonzola butter. Remove mushrooms from marinade and grill 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until tender. Alternatively, mushrooms may be grilled in a hot wellseasoned ridged grill pan over moderately high heat. Transfer mushrooms with tongs to a cutting board and slice thin. Arrange warm mushrooms on toasts and spoon vinaigrette over each openfaced sandwich. Garnish sandwiches with thyme., ingredients: [2 ounces Gorgonzola cheese about 14 cup at room temperature, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened, 1 red bell pepper, roasted see Cooks Note, or 13 cup drained bottled roasted red peppers, 1 tablespoon whitewine vinegar, 1 tablespoon water, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 12inch thick slices crusty bread, cut diagonally from a large loaf, Garnish: fresh thyme leaves], title: Portobello Steak Sandwiches with Gorgonzola Butter and Red Pepper Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 13632: {instructions: In a saucepan bring chickpeas and soaking water to a boil. Simmer over medium heat for about 1 12 hours. In a saute pan heat olive oil and add garlic and onions. Continue to saute until just golden. Add the cilantro and continue to saute a bit longer. Transfer onion mixture to chickpeas and season with salt and pepper. Add mustard and cayenne. Cover and return to the simmer for another hour, or until chickpeas are tender., ingredients: [1 cup dried chickpeas, washed and soaked overnight in 10 cups water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, mashed to a paste, 2 onions, finely diced, 12 cup finely chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, Cayenne], title: Chickpea Soup, picturelink: null}, 13633: {instructions: Special equipment: a 2inch Christmas tree cookie cutter and a piping bag with a 116inch tip, optionalnFor the cookies: Whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Mix the mint and vanilla extracts with the egg in a small bowl with a fork.nBeat together the butter, granulated sugar and confectioners sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer on low speed until the butter has picked up the sugars, about 30 seconds. If using an electric hand mixer, beat about 2 minutes. Increase the speed to medium and beat, stopping halfway to scrape the bowl, until slightly creamy, about 1 minute about 3 minutes with a hand mixer.nReduce the speed to low, slowly add the egg mixture and beat until combined. Add the flour mixture a heaping cup at a time in 2 additions, stopping a few times to scrape the bowl and beaters. If using a hand mixer, increase the speed as the dough gets thicker to keep the beaters spinning. Once all the flour is just incorporated, increase the speed to medium higher with a hand mixer and beat until the dough is very smooth, about 2 minutes about 5 minutes with a hand mixer.nTurn the dough out of the bowl and bring it together. Divide the dough into 2 even pieces, each about 11 ounces. Shape each piece into a 6inch square and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate the dough for at least 3 hours and up to overnight.nRemove one of the dough squares from the refrigerator and let soften until just pliable but still cool and firm, about 15 minutes. Position oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nDust a piece of parchment with flour. Dust the dough square with flour and roll it out on the parchment to a thickness of about 14 inch. Lift the dough occasionally by sliding a metal spatula or bench scraper underneath to make sure it isnt sticking to the parchment. Cut out Christmas trees with a 2inch cutter as close together as possible and transfer them to the prepared baking sheets, leaving 1 inch between the trees. Gather together the scraps and roll and cut more cookies. Chill the cookies on the baking sheets in the freezer for 10 minutes before baking.nBake, rotating the baking sheets from front to back and top to bottom halfway through, until the cookies are light golden brown, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool the cookies about 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer them to a wire rack to cool completely, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, remove the second dough square from the refrigerator to soften until just pliable but still cool and firm, about 15 minutes. Repeat the rolling, cutting, chilling and baking procedures with the second dough square.nFor the green royal icing: Combine the confectioners sugar and meringue powder in a large bowl. Add 3 tablespoons water and beat with an electric mixer on low speed until the frosting thickens. The icing should be pure white and thick but not fluffy and bubbly. If the frosting is overbeaten, it will get aerated, which makes it harder to work with. If this happens, let the frosting sit for a bit to settle, then use a rubber spatula to vigorously beat and smooth out the icing. Add the green and red food coloring and beat until evenly distributed and the color is a deep hunter green. Put the icing in a resealable plastic bag and snip the corner to make a tiny opening or put the icing in a piping bag with a 116inch tip.nTo decorate: Pipe a dot of icing onto the top point of each tree. Stick a chocolate nonpareil candy on each dot. Pipe the icing onto the cookies in zigzags to make a tree design. Sprinkle white nonpareils around the icing as snow. Let the icing set at room temperature, at least 1 hour., ingredients: [2 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting see Cooks Note, 18 teaspoon baking soda, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 1 teaspoon pure mint or peppermint extract, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 8 ounces about 1 23 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup meringue powder, 2 tablespoons green food coloring, 20 drops red food coloring, 48 mini nonpareilcovered chocolate candies, White nonpareils, for sprinkling], title: Minty Christmas Tree Cutout Cookies, picturelink: fQ56klPEHEGfselZv7Mi6yAFYpkJl0W}, 13634: {instructions: For the filling: Sprinkle cabbage with the 12 tablespoon of salt and let stand for 30 minutes. Place the cabbage on a clean dishtowel or cheesecloth and squeeze out any water. The dryer the cabbage the better. In a large bowl thoroughly mix the cabbage with all of the other ingredients, except the chicken stock. Cook a tester to check the seasoning.nFor the dough: In a stainless steel bowl mix flour and salt. Slowly add hot water to flour in 14 cup increments. Mix with chopsticks until a ball is formed and the dough is not too hot to handle. On a floured surface, knead dough until it becomes a smooth, elastic ball. Place back in bowl and cover with a damp cloth. Allow to rest for at least 1 hour. Working on a floured surface with floured hands, roll out dough to form a long noodle, 1inch in diameter. Cut 12inch pieces and turn them over so the cut sides are facing up. Flatten with your palm and roll out thin using a rolling pin. The dumpling wrapper should end up about 3 inches in diameter.nMaking the dumplings: Place a small mound of filling in the middle of the wrapper. Be very careful not to touch the edges with the filling as this will impede proper sealing of the dumplings. Nothing is worse than dumplings breaking during cooking. Fold the wrapper in half to form a half moon shape. Starting on one end foldpinch the wrapper tightly together. Proceed with this foldpinch method until the dumpling is completely sealed. There will be approximately 10 to 14 folds per dumpling. Rest the dumplings with the folded edges straight up.nCooking the dumplings: In a hot saute pan coated well with oil, place pot stickers flat side down and cook until the bottom is browned. Have pan cover ready and add 1 cup of chicken stock, cover immediately. Be careful, the liquid will splatter The stock will steam the pot stickers. Check them in 5 minutes as more stock may be needed. The trick here is that once the dumplings are firm and fully cooked the stock will evaporate and the bottoms will crispup again., ingredients: [2 cups chopped napa cabbage, 12 tablespoon salt, 12 pound ground pork Dont get lean pork, the fat is good for juicy and flavorful dumplings, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 1 12 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons thin soy sauce, 3 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 egg, 1 to 2 cups chicken stock or water, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 to 1 34 cups boiling water], title: 2 for 1 Pork and Ginger Potstickers, picturelink: null}, 13635: {instructions: In a large nonreactive bowl, prepare marinade by mixing the lemon juice, onions, salt, pepper, minced chile, and 4 tablespoons of the peanut oil. Place the chicken pieces in the marinade, making sure that they are all well covered. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and allow the chicken to marinate for at least 3 hours in the refrigerator.nPreheat the broiler. Remove the chicken pieces, reserving the marinade and onions, and place the chicken in a shallow pan. Broil the chicken until it is lightly browned on both sides. Remove the onions from the marinade. Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in a flameproof 5quart casserole or Dutch oven and cook the onions slowly until tender and translucent. Add the reserved marinade. When the liquid is thoroughly heated, add the chicken pieces, pricked chile, olives, carrots, mustard, and water. When the dish has reached the desired degree of hotness, remove the chile and reserve it can be served separately to the chile heads. Stir to mix well, then bring the yassa slowly to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer, covered, for about 30 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through. Serve over Plain White Rice.nBring the water to a boil in medium saucepan. Stir in the remaining ingredients, cover, and simmer over low heat for 20 minutes. Remove the rice from the heat and allow it to stand for 5 minutes, or until all the water has been absorbed. Fluff with a fork and serve hot.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 4 large onions, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 18 teaspoon minced fresh habanero chile, or to taste, 5 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 frying chicken 2 12 to 3 12 pounds, cut into serving pieces, 1 habanero chile, pricked with a fork, 12 cup pimentostuffed olives, 4 carrots, scraped and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon Dijonstyle mustard, 12 cup water, Plain White Rice, recipe follows, 3 12 cups water, 1 12 cups uncooked rice, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Sengalese Chicken Yassa, picturelink: null}, 13636: {instructions: Season the ribs all over with salt and pepper, then brush with the vegetable oil. Combine the brown sugar, chile powder, cumin and oregano in a small bowl. Sprinkle the spice mixture all over the ribs and rub into the meat. Transfer the ribs to a 6 to 8quart slow cooker. Cover and cook on low, 7 12 hours.nPreheat the broiler and line a baking sheet with foil. Whisk the barbecue sauce with the agave in a bowl. Transfer the ribs to the prepared baking sheet and brush both sides with half of the barbecue sauce mixture. Turn boneside down and broil until the glaze is bubbling and browned, 3 to 5 minutes.nSlice the ribs between the bones and top with cilantro. Serve with lime wedges, cornbread and the remaining barbecue sauce.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 3 to 4pound rack pork spare ribs, halved, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon chipotle chile powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 34 cup chipotle barbecue sauce, 14 cup agave nectar, Fresh cilantro, lime wedges and cornbread, for serving], title: SlowCooker Chipotle Ribs, picturelink: aB4TTFsFckfylaAVq8hWQAeisyvnM.}, 13637: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a pot large enough to hold the lobster tails with water. Add the salt, pepper, celery, onion and thyme, and bring to a boil. Add the lobster tails. When the pot returns to a boil, remove the tails and set them aside. They will not be fully cooked but will finish cooking in the sauce.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until soft. Add the wine and cook until it is reduced by half. Add the garlic, ginger, curry powder and red pepper flakes. Cook for 1 minute. Add the clam juice and cook until it is reduced by half, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the coconut milk, cream and soy sauce, and then bring to a simmer. Add the lobster tails to the pan. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook for 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the lobster set aside and keep warm. Turn the heat to mediumlow and cook until the liquid is thickened and reduced by half, 6 to 8 minutes. Taste, and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper.nTo serve, put a pile of jasmine rice onto a plate. Nestle a lobster tail next to the rice. Pour over some sauce and garnish with the Crispy Fried Spinach.nIn a deep fryer or a Dutch oven filled about halfway with oil over mediumhigh heat, bring the oil to 375 degrees F.nWhile the oil is heating, look through the spinach leaves and pick off any tough stems. Gently drop a small handful of leaves into the hot oil. Be careful as the oil will splatter. Cook for about 30 seconds, turning once, and remove leaves to paper towel lined plates to drain. Season with salt. Serve as soon as possible., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 stalks celery, 1 large onion, peeled and cut in half, 12 bunch fresh thyme, 4 frozen lobster tails, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 12 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon finely chopped ginger, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, One 8ounce bottle clam juice, 12 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, Steamed jasmine rice, to serve, Crispy Fried Spinach, for garnish, recipe follows, Vegetable oil, for frying, One 6ounce bag fresh baby spinach, Kosher salt], title: Sandras Shanghai Lobster, picturelink: 3y58eJ9lLpnvlRKlfVjSWYaTL3mmq4G}, 13638: {instructions: Clean and tenderize the veal. Then cut the veal as thinly as possible and put in a bowl. Dice the onions and the capers, making sure to extract any extra juices so that they do not mix in with the veal. Add the diced capers and onions to the bowl. Next, add a couple of drops of Worcestershire sauce and a couple of drops of hot sauce. Add the mustard, the mayonnaise and the pepper. Mix altogether. Fill a round mold with the veal tartar and garnish with a dollop of mustard cream., ingredients: [3 ounces veal, About 14ounce tender onions, About 14ounce capers, About 14ounce Worcestershire sauce, About 14ounce hot sauce, About 14ounce mustard, About 13ounce mayonnaise, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Joan Roca Veal Tartar, picturelink: null}, 13639: {instructions: Marinate the steaks in root beer for 24 hours. Remove the steaks from the root beer and pat dry.nIn a small bowl mix the pepper, hot paprika, sweet paprika, cayenne, garlic powder, onion powder, ground thyme, file powder, and mustard powder together for the Cajun Spice Mix.nPut the Cajun spice mix on a tray and heat a cast iron pan over medium heat. Season the steaks with salt and press the steaks into the Cajun spice mix on both sides. Put the steaks, one at a time, in the hot cast iron pan, sear for approximately 2 to 3 minutes on each side for a mediumrare steak, allow to rest before serving.nSpoon the Sugar Snap Peas, recipe follows, over the steak, garnish with flaked salt and serve with Potato Gumbo, recipe follows.nTo make the sugar snap peas:nBlanch the trimmed sugar snap peas in salted boiling water. Drain the peas and season with flaked salt.nFor the potato gumbo:nHeat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large highsided saute pan over medium heat.nAdd the onions and saute until golden brown. Add the garlic and smoked bacon and continue to saute.nOnce the bacon has cooked and becomes crisp, add the celery, Swiss chard stems, and green pepper, saute until tender. Remove the bacon mixture from the pan, put in a bowl and set aside.nHeat the remaining vegetable oil in the same saute pan, add the flour and bay leaves.nStir with a wooden spoon incorporating the flour and oil to form a paste. Cook until the flour becomes brown and nutty in color. Add the chicken stock, water, and cayenne, stir.nAdd the potatoes and reserved bacon mixture to the liquid. Cook over medium heat until the potatoes are tender and the liquid reduces, achieving a thick consistency, approximately 30 minutes.nAdd the Swiss chard leaves, season with salt, and pepper, and allow to cook until the leaves are wilted, serve., ingredients: [4 cups root beer, 4 2pound Tbone steaks, Cajun Spice Mix, 2 tablespoons freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon hot paprika, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon ground thyme, 1 tablespoon file powder, 1 tablespoon mustard powder, Sugar Snap Peas, recipe follows, Potatoes Gumbo, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar snap peas, cleaned and blanched in salted boiling water, 1 teaspoon flaked salt, 14 cup, plus 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 medium white onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 6 slices smoked bacon, cut into large dice, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 bunch Swiss chard, coarsely chopped, leaves and stems separated, 1 large green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 14 cup flour, 2 bay leaves, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 cups water, Pinch cayenne, 2 pounds white potatoes, peeled and quartered, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cajun Blackened Steak with Sugar Snap Peas, picturelink: null}, 13640: {instructions: Season both sides of filets with steak seasoning set aside.nMelt butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add filets and cook for 2 minutes on one side. Turn and cook for 1 minute more. Add garlic and mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove filets and set aside on a plate.nRemove pan from stovetop. Tip pan away from you and add cognac. With a long match or lighter ignite cognac, keeping pan tipped away from you at all times. When flame has burned out, return pan to stovetop. Stir in steak sauce, cream, and beef broth. Stir thoroughly and bring sauce to a simmer.nReturn filets and any accumulated juices to pan. Coat with sauce and warm through. Stir in chives.nPlace filets on warm plates. Spoon sauce and mushrooms over filets., ingredients: [4 3ounce filet mignon medallions, rinsed and patted dry, 1 teaspoon Montreal steak seasoning recommended: McCormick Grill Mates, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic recommended: Christopher Ranch, 1 cup fresh sliced mushrooms, 14 cup cognac, 1 tablespoon steak sauce recommended: A1, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup lowsodium beef broth recommended: Swanson, 1 tablespoon chives, finely chopped], title: Steak Diane, picturelink: 2jfTHgXLcugI7hzGFCyo9h7gbOxj6au}, 13641: {instructions: To make the dressing: Mix the mayonnaise, sour cream, Dijon mustard, dill, and capers in a small bowl. Season, to taste, with salt, pepper, and hot sauce.nLayer the vegetables in a large glass bowl in the following order: romaine, tomatoes, carrots, celery, red pepper, and corn. Arrange overlapping slices of the cucumber on top. Spread the dressing over the cucumbers.nCover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve, up to 8 hours. Just before serving, toss well., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, preferably reducedfat, 12 cup sour cream, preferably reduced fat, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon small rinsed capers, Salt and coarsely ground black pepper, Hot red pepper sauce, 2 romaine hearts, trimmed and torn into bitesized pieces, 12 pint cherry or grape tomatoes, 2 medium carrots, shredded, 2 celery ribs, sliced into 18inchthick pieces, 1 medium sweet red or yellow pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 cup fresh corn kernels, blanched in boiling water for 2 minutes, drained, and rinsed, 1 seedless cucumber, sliced into 18inchthick rounds], title: SevenLayer Salad with DillCaper Dressing, picturelink: null}, 13642: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the pastry: combine the flour, sugar, and salt in a large mixing bowl. Add the butter and mix with a pastry blender or your hands until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Pour in the ice water and work it in to bind the dough until it holds together without being too wet or sticky. Squeeze a small amount together, if it is crumbly, add more ice water, 1 teaspoon at a time. Form the dough into a ball, wrap it in plastic wrap, and refrigerate it for at least 30 minutes.nSprinkle the counter and a rolling pin lightly with flour. Roll the dough out into a 10inch circle. Carefully roll the dough up onto the pin and lay it inside a 9inch pie pan. Press the dough firmly into the bottom and sides so it fits tightly. Trim the excess dough around the rim and pinch the edges to form a border. Place the crust on a sheet pan to catch any spills. Refrigerate until ready to fill.nHeat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFilling: Puree the pumpkin in a food processor with the butter and a pinch of salt. Measure 1 12 cups puree into a bowl. In another bowl beat the eggs and sugar until the sugar has melted. Add the eggs to the pumpkin puree and whisk well. Add the cream, cinnamon, and nutmeg and stir well to combine. Pour the mixture into the pie shell, and place on the bottom rack of the oven. Brush the pastry with the beaten egg white. Bake until the pie is set but still jiggles slightly, 45 to 50 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow it to cool.nMeanwhile, put the pecans on a baking sheet and bake them with the pie for about 10 minutes to toast them. Remove them from the oven and let them cool. Thaw the cranberries in a strainer set over a bowl to catch the liquid. Put the cookies, pecans, and cranberries into a food processor and pulse them a few times until they are coarsely chopped. Sprinkle the topping evenly over the cooled pie and serve immediately. Refrigerate leftovers.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [1 15 ounce can pumpkin puree, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 eggs, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 cup pecans, 4 ounces frozen cranberries, 1 2.3ounce package amaretto cookies about 12 recommended: Amaretti di Saronno], title: The Ultimate Pumpkin Pie with Crunchy Cranberry Topping, picturelink: 9tzbZ7POkDYVThOciE0YCDGjc7awp6}, 13643: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the vinaigrette: Toast the seeds over medium heat in a heavy medium skillet, stirring occasionally, until the seeds darken in color and become fragrant, 3 12 to 4 minutes. Place the seeds on a plate cool for 1 minute. Grind the seeds finely in a small food mill or grinder.nWhisk the oil, vinegar, salt, pepper, cinnamon, cloves and the toasted seeds until thick and blended in a small bowl. Stir in the shallots. Set the vinaigrette aside.nFor the salad: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F.nBring the broth to a simmer over mediumhigh heat in a heavy medium saucepan. Mix in the quinoa. Reduce the heat to mediumlow. Cover and simmer until the water is absorbed and the quinoa is tender, about 15 minutes. Turn off the heat and let the quinoa stand, covered, 5 to 10 minutes. Cool and fluff with a fork.nMeanwhile, spray a large rimmed baking sheet with vegetable oil spray. Toss the eggplant with 3 tablespoons oil, 14 teaspoon salt, and the pepper on the sheet. Roast until tender and browned, stirring once, about 30 minutes.nTransfer the quinoa to a large bowl fluff with a fork. Add the vinaigrette, eggplant, apples, walnuts and cranberries. Toss to blend.nCover the bottom of a shallow platter with the watercress. Spoon the salad on top and serve., ingredients: [2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 12 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 large shallot, finely chopped about 12 cup, One 14.5ounce can vegetable broth about 2 cups, 1 14 cups wholegrain quinoa, preferably organic, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, One 1 14pound eggplant, unpeeled, cut into 12inch cubes, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 large Honey Crisp or Golden Delicious apple, unpeeled,cored, quartered, 34 cup walnut pieces, toasted, or 13 cup roasted saltedsunflower seeds, 12 cup dried cranberries, 1 large bunch watercress], title: Quinoa, Roasted Eggplant and Apple Salad with Cumin Vinaigrette, picturelink: 0FBMpzeTyqMPUyUqKlkrUOaRfU.5eZe}, 13644: {instructions: For the lemon curd: In a large saucepan, add the milk, eggs, sugar, flour, and lemon juice. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer, stirring constantly. Stir until the consistency of heavy cream and remove from the heat. Set aside to cool.nIn a small mixing bowl, whip the heavy cream until soft peaks are formed.nOnce the lemon curd has cooled, divide it into 2 bowls. Add the whipped cream to 1 of the bowls, gently folding it into the lemon curd mixture.nUsing a pastry bag or large plastic bag inject the profiteroles with the lemon curd. Dip the profiteroles into the lemon curd and cream mixture, which has been set aside, to coat fully. Be sure to coat profiterole on all sides. On a cooling rack, place the profiteroles on it so that the mixture settles. Let rest for 5 minutes.nPlace profiteroles on a serving plate and garnish with lemon zest., ingredients: [1 quart whole milk, 6 whole eggs, 14 ounces sugar, 12 ounces all purpose flour, 5 whole lemons, juiced, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 profiteroles, premade, 4 tablespoons lemon zest], title: Lemon Profiteroles, picturelink: qNn2PoHAgHHNsuOvs4q8i1Qu4SLbGHq}, 13645: {instructions: Toss the chicken with 12 cup salsa, the juice of 1 lime and 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large bowl let marinate 10 minutes. Mix the remaining 12 cup salsa, the sour cream and 2 tablespoons cilantro in a small bowl season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate. Gently toss the hearts of palm, avocado, radishes, the remaining cilantro, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and the juice of the remaining lime in a medium bowl season with salt and pepper.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large castiron skillet or grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken along with the marinade and cook until slightly charred and cooked through, about 7 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board and chop season with salt.nWarm the tortillas as the label directs. Using 2 stacked tortillas per taco, fill with the chicken, salsasour cream mixture and lettuce andor red onion. Serve with the avocado salad and lime wedges.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 14 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs about 6, 1 cup jarred salsa, Juice of 2 limes, plus wedges for serving, 14 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup sour cream, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped about 34 cup, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14ounce can hearts of palm, drained and sliced 12 inch thick, 1 avocado, chopped, 6 radishes, thinly sliced, 16 corn tortillas, Shredded lettuce andor diced red onion, for topping], title: Chicken Tacos with Avocado Salad, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 13646: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a nonreactive bowl, whisk together the eggs and milk. In a separate bowl mix the flour and salt. In a small sauce pot or saute pan over low heat melt the butter and cook it until it is light brown.nAdd the egg and milk mix to the flour and salt and mix well so that there are no large clumps. Add the browned butter and mix to incorporate, being careful not to overwork batter. The batter should just coat the back of a spoon. If seems too thick, thin it out with a little more milk or water. Let the batter rest for 1 hour prior to cooking crepes., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, preferable gray salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons hazelnuts, peeled, toasted, chopped, 4 bananas, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 fresh bay leaves, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 14 cup tangerine juice, 1 cup fresh raspberries, optional, 1 small jar hazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, Confectioners sugar, for serving], title: Banana Nutella Crepes, picturelink: nJtW.HYCNamkBeiU7Qdlsp8JjwIPfNi}, 13647: {}, 13648: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCream the butter with the sugars in a medium bowl with a hand mixer until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the ginger, zest, vanilla and egg, and mix well.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and salt, and then add to the butter mixture and mix. Add the oats and mix until combined. Fold in the pecans with a wooden spoon. Spoon the dough onto baking sheets lined with parchment paper and bake until golden, about 10 minutes. Let cool 2 minutes, and then remove from the baking sheets., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup oldfashioned oats, 12 cup chopped pecans], title: GingerLemon Oatmeal Cookies, picturelink: 35HWffW7DtC5ggJUW9rXREMwk1MSK}, 13649: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine pepper, light soy sauce, fish sauce, and sesame oil. Stir and coat the duck and marinate for 30 minutes. Bring a fry pan to medium heat, add oil, then sear and brown the duck breasts skinside down for 3 minutes. Remove and set aside.nPlace some foil in a wok, add green tea, sugar, rice grains, cassia bark, and star anise. Place a wire rack in the wok and cover.nTurn heat to high until the wok begins to smoke. Now add the duck breasts skinside up and reduce the heat to medium. Cover then allow to smoke.nTurn off heat and allow the duck to rest in the wok for a further 5 minutes.nThinly slice the breasts, garnish with a combination of spring onions, chile, and coriander.nServe with baguette and soychile dipping sauce., ingredients: [12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 12 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 2 duck breasts, skin on, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup of Vietnamese green tea, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup of jasmine rice grain, 1 cassia bark stick, 2 star anise, 2 spring onion, thinly sliced on diagonal, 2 long chiles, julienned, 2 baguettes, Handful fresh coriander cilantro leaves, Light soy sauce and chile, for dipping], title: Bac Ha Green Tea Smoked Duck: Vit Hom Khoi, picturelink: null}, 13650: {instructions: Special equipment: One 10pound bag selflighting charcoal, 1 new steel trash can, one 2to3foot metal stack or metal spit, 1 roll heavyduty aluminum foilnTo brine the turkey, thoroughly clean the trash can with foodgrade cleaner. Dry. Then add 3 gallons water, the salt, pepper, herbs and turkey. Finally, squeeze the lemons into the brine. Add some ice and allow the turkey to brine for 12 to 24 hours, reicing during the process to keep temperature below 40 degrees F. This brining is optional.nTo cook the bird, remove from the brine and pat dry with towels. Or, for the nonbrine option, remove the bird from the package, pat dry with towels, and apply the salt and pepper to the exterior of the bird.nNext, place foil on level ground to form a 3footsquare area. Place a stake in the ground and place the turkey on the stake, legs first. Cover the turkey with the trash can and apply half the coals on top of can with the remainder tightly around the base of the can.nLight the coals evenly and allow the coals to warm until hot, then set the timer for 90 minutes and relax.nAfter 90 minutes, carefully remove the coals with a turner or fireplace shovel and uncover. Remove the turkey and allow to rest for 10 minutes before carving., ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, 2 tablespoons ground black pepper, 8 ounces fresh thyme sprigs, 4 ounces fresh parsley sprigs, One 12to14pound turkey, 6 lemons, 20 to 30 pounds ice, 14 cup kosher salt, 2 tablespoons ground black pepper], title: 90 Minute Turkey, picturelink: 8PhdBPTcuiT4xsmgcwWKVfixA6q2U0G}, 13651: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large skillet, melt the butter and scramble the eggs.nIn a separate large skillet, cook the hash browns according to package directions.nIn a third skillet, break up the sausage with a wooden spoon and cook until browned. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to a bowl. Cook the bacon in the same skillet until crispy, drain on paper towels, tear into pieces and set aside.nCook the tortellini according to the package directions. Layer a large bowl with hash browns, sausage, bacon, tortellini, eggs and cheese, and serve, ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 8 large eggs, One 16ounce bag frozen hash browns, such as Tater Tots, thawed, 1 pound pork sausage, 1 pound bacon, One 9ounce package cheese and roasted garlic tortellini, 10 ounces sharp Cheddar, grated about 2 12 cups], title: Garths Breakfast Bowl, picturelink: iRO0wiHRdOA1sCKtGhrpZDhs0AcAtyG}, 13652: {instructions: Remove the ends of the zucchini and, if they are large, cut in half lengthwise. Slice the zucchini diagonally in 12inch slices. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large 12inch saute pan and add the onions. Cook for 10 minutes on mediumlow heat, until they start to brown. Add half the zucchini, 1 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper to the pan and cook, tossing occasionally, for 10 to 15 minutes, until just cooked through. Sprinkle with Parmesan and cook for 30 seconds more. Remove to a serving platter and repeat with the rest of the zucchini. Serve immediately.nNote: If you cook too much zucchini in one pan, you end up steaming rather than sauteing it. I prefer to cook it in 2 batches., ingredients: [8 medium zucchini, Good olive oil, 2 large yellow onions cut in half and sliced 12 inch thick, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Zucchini with Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 13653: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan over high heat.nBrush the romaine spears with some lemon oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the spears on the grill pan and cook, turning once, until grill marks appear and the lettuce begins to wilt, about 2 minutes total. Immediately remove from the grill to a serving platter and sprinkle each half with about 2 tablespoons of the crumbled blue cheese.nWith a sharp knife, cut the peel and pith from the orange. Carefully remove the orange segments by cutting them lengthwise away from the membrane, into a bowl. Squeeze the juice from the membrane over the segments and slowly whisk in 2 tablespoons lemon oil until combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, then add the shallots and stir to combine.nDrizzle the citrus vinaigrette and orange sections over the grilled romaine spears and garnish with the remaining blue cheese., ingredients: [2 romaine hearts, halved lengthwise through the core, Lemon flavored olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese recommended: Shropshire, 1 navel orange, 12 small shallot, sliced], title: Orange and Blue Grilled Romaine Salad, picturelink: DyuQhV5rfClz..FwqWqMaVpODMDdX7C}, 13654: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Lightly grease miniature muffin tin. Press 1 tablespoon dough into each cup and top with miniature peanut butter cups or chocolate star kisses. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or golden brown., ingredients: [1 package premade chocolate chip cookie dough, 1 bag mini peanut butter cups or chocolate kisses recommended: Hersheys, 1 miniature muffin tin], title: Easy Chocolately Holiday Cookies, picturelink: Q3PVx.oB6yIJzOcTN5WbMJonmYR.ue}, 13655: {instructions: Heat grill to high. Brush chicken and onions on both sides with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill chicken for 4 minutes on each side or until slightly charred and just cooked through. Remove to a plate, loosely tent with foil and let rest 5 minutes before thinly slicing. Grill onions for 3 to 4 minutes per side or until slightly charred and just cooked through. Place the chicken and onion rings in a large bowl and add the carrots, parsley, and scallions.nPlace the mayonnaise, broth, vinegar, garlic, paprika, salt, and pepper in a food processor and process until smooth. Pour the mayonnaise mixture over the chicken and gently toss to combine. Transfer the mixture to a platter, top with vegetable chip sticks, and serve., ingredients: [3 8ounce boneless skinless, chicken breasts, 2 red onions, peeled and cut into 14inch thick rings, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 carrots, peeled and shredded, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup thinly sliced scallions, 2 cups good quality mayonnaise, 14 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons Spanish paprika, 1 bag highquality vegetable chip sticks recommended: Terra Sticks], title: Salpacio Salad, picturelink: null}, 13656: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpray a 9 by 13inch baking pan with cooking spray. Arrange the bread in a single layer in the baking pan. Whisk together the eggs, egg whites, milk, vanilla, cinnamon and maple syrup. Pour the egg mixture over the bread in the pan, spreading it around so the liquid saturates the bread. Scatter the blueberries evenly on top and sprinkle with the almonds and brown sugar. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Uncover the baking pan and bake for 40 to 50 minutes. Serve warm, cold or at room temperature.nExcellent source of: Protein, Riboflavin, Iodine, Manganese, SeleniumnGood source of: Fiber, Vitamin K, Calcium, Iron, Magnesium, Phosphorus, Zinc, ingredients: [Nonstick ooking spray, 1 wholewheat baguette about 18 inches long, 8 ounces, cut into 1inch cubes, 8 large eggs, 8 large egg whites, 2 cups 1 percent lowfat milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 13 cup pure maple syrup, 2 cups fresh blueberries, 13 cup sliced almonds, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar], title: Blueberry Almond French Toast Bake, picturelink: MjOp7f2WRsSfv1Fr6DxuLM2tAd7ltAO}, 13657: {instructions: Roasting a chicken on top of a threemushroom stuffing keeps it moist and juicy. This is a comfy treat any winter night.n1. Preheat oven to 375degreesF. 2. Remove giblets if included from chicken and trim any excess skin. Loosen the skin over the breast and thigh meat and rub thyme, 1 teaspoon pepper and 34 teaspoon salt under the skin. Tuck wing tips under and tie legs together with kitchen string. Place breastside down in a 9by13inch baking pan. Roast the chicken for 45 minutes. 3. Meanwhile, place sliced leeks in a colander rinse and drain well. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add leeks and cook, stirring often, until softened, about 2 minutes. Add bell pepper cook for 1 minute. Add cremini, portobello and shiitake mushrooms and cook, stirring often, until the mushrooms release their liquid and it evaporates to a glaze, about 7 minutes. Stir in rosemary, sage and the remaining 12 teaspoon pepper and 14 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl. Stir in bread and broth. 4. Remove the chicken from the pan. Skim or blot any fat from the pan juices. Add the bread mixture to the roasting pan and spread in an even layer. 5. Place the chicken, breastside up, on top of the dressing. Return to the oven and continue roasting until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh without touching bone registers 165degreesF, about 45 minutes more. Transfer the chicken to a cutting board let rest for 10 minutes before removing the string and carving. Serve the chicken with the dressing.nNUTRITION INFORMATION: Per serving: 368 calories 11 g fat 2 g sat, 5 g mono 77 mg cholesterol 32 g carbohydrate 35 g protein 6 g fiber 725 mg sodium 798 mg potassium. Nutrition bonus: Vitamin C 70 daily value, Vitamin A 35 dv, Potassium 23 dv, Folate 22 dv, Iron  Magnesium 21 dv.nTIP: Tips: The dark gills found on the underside of a portobello are edible, but if you like you can scrape them off with a spoon. If you dont have stale bread on hand, toast bread cubes at 250degreesF until crisped and dry, about 20 minutes.nMAKE AHEAD TIP: Equipment: Kitchen stringnFrom www.eatingwell.com with permission. 2009 Eating Well Inc. Photo by Ken Burris, ingredients: [1 4 12pound chicken, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground pepper, divided, 1 teaspoon salt, divided, 3 large leeks, white and light green parts only, thinly sliced, 4 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large red bell pepper, chopped, 3 cups sliced cremini mushrooms about 8 ounces, 2 cups chopped portobello mushroom caps about 2 small, gills removed if desired see Tip, 2 cups sliced shiitake mushroom caps 4 12 ounces with stems, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 5 cups stale wholewheat bread cubes 1inch see Tip, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth], title: Chicken Baked over Mushroom Dressing, picturelink: X0sOXl0kZyOhzXu3j4D7jGKAbhSzgW}, 13658: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle.nPlace pears cut side down in a 3quart baking dish. Drizzle pears with honey, water, dot with butter, and add brandy, cinnamon stick and cloves.nRoast pears, basting every 5 to 10 minutes, until pears are knife tender in the thickest part and sauce is slightly syrupy, about 35 to 45 minutes. Serve with whipped cream or ice cream and spoon roasting juices over the top., ingredients: [4 ripe but firm Bartlett, Bosc, or DAnjou pears about 2 12 pounds, halved, cored, 14 cup brandy, 3 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 3inch piece cinnamon, 4 whole cloves, Whipped cream or ice cream, for serving], title: Roasted Pears with Honeyed Cinnamon and Cloves, picturelink: plrEnPzTTbzx9YZwoYXCwrHJ8BzMonC}, 13659: {instructions: Make 2 ice balls using the ice mold according manufacturers instructions. Alternatively, use ice cubes.nCombine the cranberry juice, vodka, and schnapps together in a pitcher. Put the ice balls into 2 martini glasses and evenly divide the cocktail between the 2 glasses., ingredients: [2 ice balls, 2 cups white cranberry juice, 4 shots green apple vodka recommended: Smirnoff, 1 shot cinnamon schnapps, 2 silicone ice ball molds available at www.muji.com], title: Crystal Ball Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 13660: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the ham and saute until just starting to brown.nPlace the potatoes in a small saucepan and cover with vegetable oil. Cook over low heat until the oil just starts to bubble and the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Remove the potatoes and place on a paper towellined plate.nMeanwhile, line a 9inch pie pan with the prepared pie crust and pierce with a fork. Cover with parchment and fill with the dried beans. Blind bake the crust for 10 minutes. Let cool, then carefully remove and discard the paper and beans.nIn a medium bowl, beat together the eggs, halfandhalf, salt and pepper. Layer the empty pie shell with the potatoes, ham, and 12 cup of the cheese. Pour the egg mixture over the filling. Sprinkle the remaining 12 cup cheese and the green onions over the top. Bake on the bottom rack of the oven until the center just sets and the top is golden, 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for poaching and sauteing, 12 cup diced country ham, 3 new potatoes, sliced 14inch thick about 1 12 cups, 1 homemade or storebought refrigerated 9inch pie crust, 2 to 3 cups dried beans, to use as pie weights, 4 large eggs, slightly beaten, 34 cup halfandhalf, Pinch kosher salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 cup grated aged gouda, 1 green onion, chopped], title: Quiche with Country Ham, picturelink: qKZn7X2JHkFHW.65BIAJNppGhFxcZ.y}, 13661: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl combine the panko, sesame seeds, and chile flakes. Season the prawns with salt and pepper and coat well with the flour. Dip the flourcoated prawns into the egg and then the panko mixture.nPrepare a fryer or medium heavy pot onethird full with the oil and heat over high heat to 350 degrees F. Add the prawns to the oil and fry until golden and crispy. Remove the prawns and drain on paper towels, sprinkle with salt.nOn an oval plate, place a small mound of rice topped with the kimchi. Place two of the prawns over the kimchi and drizzle with the Aioli. Garnish with the sliced scallions.nSprinkle the kosher salt on the fleshside of the cucumbers and then place them fleshside down in a perforated pan for about 3 hours. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine the onion, carrot, ginger, garlic, fish sauce, chile flakes, sugar, and black pepper. When the 3 hours have passed, rinse the cucumbers well with cold water and pat dry with a paper towel. Slice the cucumbers into 18inch halfmoon shapes and add to the bowl.nIn a saucepan, bring the vinegar to a simmer and pour it into the bowl of vegetables. Cover the bowl tightly and let it sit at room temperature for 24 hours before serving.nIn a food processor, puree the egg yolks, chile paste, sugar, and garlic. While the processor is running, slowly add the canola oil and the sesame oil until the mixture begins to thicken. Add the vinegar, and season with the salt and pepper. Add a little cold water if the aioli is too thick., ingredients: [1 12 cups panko, 14 white sesame seeds, 14 cup Korean chile flakes, 8 to 12 large prawns, peeled and deveined, tails intact, head on, Salt and pepper, 1 cup allpurpose, 3 whole eggs, beaten with 2 tablespoons cold water, Canola oil, for frying, 1 cup cooked and seasoned brown rice, Kimchi, recipe follows, Aioli, recipe follows, 5 scallion greens, thinly sliced on the bias, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 medium sized cucumbers, seeds removed and cut in half lengthwise, 1 cup red onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup carrots, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons fresh ginger, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped, 18 cup fish sauce, 2 tablespoons Korean chile flakes, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 2 cups rice wine vinegar, 2 egg yolks See Disclaimer, 3 tablespoons Korean chile paste, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon garlic, chopped, 34 cup canola oil, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar], title: Sesame Fried Headon Prawns with Cucumber Kimchi and Korean Chile Aioli, picturelink: null}, 13662: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nLay several paper towels next to the stove as you cook the veggies, transfer them to the paper towels to drain excess moisture.nBring a very large grill pan sprayed with nonstick spray to mediumhigh heat on the stove. Add zucchini, portabella mushroom, and eggplant, and cook until softened, about 2 minutes per side. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine crushed tomatoes with garlic powder, onion powder, and Italian seasoning. Mix well and set aside.nIn another large bowl, combine spinach, egg substitute, ricotta cheese, basil, salt, and nutmeg. Mix thoroughly and set aside.nEvenly coat the bottom of an 8inch by 8inch pan with about half of the seasoned crushed tomatoes. Evenly layer half of the sliced veggies over the tomatoes. Spread half of the spinach mixture into an even layer over the veggies. Top evenly with soy crumbles.nEvenly layer remaining veggies into the pan, placing them perpendicular to the first layer, followed by the remaining spinach mixture. Evenly cover with remaining seasoned crushed tomatoes. Evenly distribute mozzarella cheese and grated topping over the crushed tomatoes.nBake in the oven until lasagna is hot and mozzarella cheese is golden brown, about 30 minutes.nAllow to cool slightly, cut into quarters, and enjoy, ingredients: [3 medium zucchini, ends removed, sliced lengthwise, 1 large portabella mushroom, sliced into strips, 1 large eggplant, ends removed, sliced lengthwise, 2 cups canned crushed tomatoes, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 16ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed, thoroughly drained and patted dry, 2 tablespoons fatfree liquid egg substitute, 1 cup fatfree ricotta cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 14 teaspoon salt, Dash ground nutmeg, 1 cup groundbeefstyle soy crumbles, thawed from frozen, 12 cup shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, 1 tablespoon reducedfat Parmesanstyle grated topping], title: Veggierific NoodleFree Lasagna, picturelink: rcDepWGE0GU1NzMWNp3eDy0BK0dRia}, 13663: {instructions: Combine the boiling water, sugar, and peppermint flavoring in a large container and stir until the sugar is dissolved. Let the sugar mixture stand for 5 minutes. Add the strawberries, stirring well. Using a big spoon, press the strawberry mixture through a large strainer into a pitcher or punch bowl until nothing is left in the strainer except for the strawberry pulp. Discard the pulp. Stir in the cold water and lemonade. Mix until well blended., ingredients: [2 cups boiling water, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon peppermint flavoring, 2 10ounce packages frozen strawberries, thawed, 5 cups cold water, 2 6ounce cans frozen pink lemonade concentrate, thawed], title: StrawberryLemonade Punch, picturelink: null}, 13664: {instructions: In a medium pot, add the orange peels, sugar, and water and bring to a boil on high heat. Once boiling, turn the heat to medium and simmer for about 30 minutes.nWhen soft, remove the orange peels from the heat and let cool. Place in a jar to store.nServe room temperature with a glass of water, which is traditional, or on yogurt or ice cream., ingredients: [1 pound Mandarin orange peels, pith removed, 5 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup water], title: Sweets of the Spoon: Glyka tou Koutaliou, picturelink: null}, 13665: {instructions: In a food processor blend the veal, pork, 1 cup of bread crumbs, cream, nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste until the mixture is combined well and form 12 cupfuls of the mixture into 12inch thick patties. Have ready in separate bowls the eggs, and the remaining 2 cups bread crumbs. Dip the patties, 1 at a time, in the egg, letting the excess drip off, dredge them in the bread crumbs, and transfer them to a baking sheet lined with waxed paper. Chill the patties on the baking sheet for 30 minutes. In a large heavy skillet heat the oil and 2 tablespoons of butter over moderately high heat until the foam subsides and in the fat saute the patties in batches for 4 to 5 minutes on each side, or until they are golden brown and springy to the touch. Transfer the patties as they are cooked to a platter and keep them warm, covered. Wipe out the skillet, add the remaining 4 tablespoons butter, and melt it over moderate heat. Add the lemon juice and capers and simmer the sauce for 1 minute. Stir in the parsley, and salt and pepper to taste and pour the sauce over the patties, ingredients: [1 pound well chilled ground veal, 12 pound well chilled ground pork, 3 cups fresh bread crumbs, 12 cup heavy cream, Freshly grated nutmeg to taste, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 34 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 12 tablespoons drained bottled capers, chopped, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Pojarski with Lemon Caper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 13666: {instructions: For the mayo: In a food processor, puree the basil, mayonnaise, lemon juice and mustard. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. For the sandwich: Place the pancetta slices in a large nonstick saute pan set over medium heat and saute on both sides until crispy, about 3 minutes per side. Set aside on a paper towellined plate until ready to assemble the sandwich. For the tomatoes: In a large shallow dish, add 14 cup flour. In a separate baking dish, beat the egg, buttermilk, baking powder and baking soda. In a separate large shallow dish, add the remaining 34 cup flour, cornmeal, salt and cayenne pepper. Dredge the tomatoes in the flour, followed by the egg mixture and finally coat with the cornmeal mixture, shaking off any excess in between dredges. Place the tomatoes on a wire cooling rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet. Repeat the process with all the tomatoes. Pour a 1inch layer of vegetable oil into a castiron skillet. Heat the oil over high heat until it reaches 350 degrees F. Carefully add 4 tomato slices to the oil and fry until the tomatoes are golden brown, about 2 minutes on each side. Transfer the fried tomatoes to a baking sheet or plate lined with paper towels, season with salt and cool. Repeat with the remaining slices. To assemble the sandwich: Slather each slice of bread with a generous amount of the basil mayo. Top 4 of the bread slices with 4 pieces of crispy pancetta, 2 fried green tomatoes and top with arugula. Finish by topping the sandwich off with the other slice of bread., ingredients: [1 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 16 18inch thick slices pancetta, 8 slices country sandwich bread, 1 cup loosely packed arugula, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup rice flour, divided, 1 large egg, 14 cup buttermilk, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup cornmeal, Kosher salt, Pinch cayenne pepper, 8 slices green tomato, 34 to 1inch thick about 2 medium green tomatoes, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Fried Green Tomato BLT with Sweet Basil Mayo, picturelink: W5fImkyMGJkcPYi.cr.pxuuuiUr.ng2}, 13667: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush both sides of the tortillas with the oil. Stack the tortillas and cut the pile into sixths to make chips. Spread the chips out in a single layer on two large baking sheets and season with salt. Bake until golden brown and crisp, rotating the baking sheets once, about 12 to 15 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [Twelve 6inch corn tortillas preferably white, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Fine salt], title: Baked Tortilla Chips, picturelink: null}, 13668: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over low heat, melt the butter and whisk in the flour. Cook, whisking constantly for 2 to 3 minutes, being careful not to brown the flour. Whisk in mustard, Worcestershire sauce, salt, and pepper until smooth. Add beer and whisk to combine. Pour in cream and whisk until well combined and smooth. Gradually add cheese, stirring constantly, until cheese melts and sauce is smooth this will take 4 to 5 minutes. Add hot sauce. Pour over toast and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup porter beer, 34 cup heavy cream, 6 ounces approximately 1 12 cups shredded Cheddar, 2 drops hot sauce, 4 slices toasted rye bread], title: Welsh Rarebit, picturelink: 04JZuTn3Zz7dMS3EJvxu.gKIadJZfvS}, 13669: {instructions: Using a larding needle or a sharp knife. Make slits in the fish and insert pieces of anchovy. Marinate the fish in a mixture of oil and lemon juice, seasoned with salt and pepper, for at least 2 hours.nLay the fish on a large bed of rosemary in a roasting tin. Pour more oil over the fish It is the presence of fat that releases the essential oils of the rosemary. Roast in a preheated oven at 350 degrees F for 45 minutes.nTo make the tomato vinaigrette, heat the olive oil, wine vinegar and tomatoes in a small pan and season to taste.nTransfer the fish to a serving dish and pour over the warm vinaigrette., ingredients: [2 14 pounds monkfish tail, 1 tin anchovy fillets, 6 tablespoons olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 large bunch fresh rosemary, 10 tablespoons olive oil, 4 teaspoons wine vinegar, 2 dessert spoons finely chopped tomatoes], title: Gigot of Monkfish Romarin with Anchovies, picturelink: null}, 13670: {instructions: Halve, stem and seed 2 red and 2 yellow bell peppers. Broil, cutside down, until blackened, 5 minutes. Place in a bowl, cover and cool peel and cut into pieces. Saute sliced garlic in olive oil drizzle the oil over the peppers. Top with basil, lemon juice, salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Roasted Peppers with Basil, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 13671: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in pan and mix well. Cook on medium until chicken is heated. Serve over steamed rice or place on a bun., ingredients: [12 green onion, minced, 18 cup orange juice, 12 tablespoon minced fresh ginger root, 12 tablespoon minced jalapeno peppers, 12 tablespoon lime juice, 12 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 package of Curlys Sauceless Chicken], title: Curlys Caribbean Jerk Chicken, picturelink: null}, 13672: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a wide, straightsided pan with olive oil and add the bacon. Bring the pan to a medium heat and let the bacon get brown and crispy.nAdd the celery, onions and fennel and season with salt. Cook the veggies until they get soft and very aromatic, 8 to10 minutes. Add the rosemary and garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes more.nToss in the chestnuts, cranberries and pears, and stir to combine. Add the wine and let it reduce by half.nPut the bread in a large mixing bowl and add the cooked veggie mixture to the bread. Stir to combine and douse the bread with half the stock. Use your hands to combine the bread, veggies and stock. Add more stock whenif needed to really saturate the bread. Season with salt and taste it to make sure it is delicious.nUse the stuffing to stuff a turkey or pork crown roast, or place in a roasting pan and bake for 35 minutes at 350 degrees F., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces slab bacon, cut into 14inch dice, 4 ribs celery, cut into 14inch dice, 2 Spanish onions, cut into 14inch dice, 14 fennel bulb, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt, 4 sprigs rosemary, picked and finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 8 ounces peeled chestnuts, coarsely chopped, 34 cup dried cranberries, 4 Anjou pears, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 2 cups dry white wine, 12 cups cubed crustless, stale sourdough or peasant bread, 4 cups chicken stock, warmed], title: Chestnut and Pear Stuffing, picturelink: SaD.N6POH2quqQKWaMBOvrO5stANYDi}, 13673: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil in a large frying pan. Gently saute the celery and garlic. Add the eggplant, salt, and black pepper. Cook until the eggplant is golden. Add the vinegar and allow to reduce. Mix in the chocolate and remove from the heat and allow to rest for 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 cup250 ml extravirgin olive oil, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 medium eggplants, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup50 ml red wine vinegar, 4 ounces120 g grated bittersweet chocolate], title: Lucias Christmas Caponata, picturelink: Wvjlb13ckKw4bQ0yB0AKPV3OhdPbNq}, 13674: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: A 10inch nonstick Bundt pannPosition a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Put the butter in a medium bowl. Brush the Bundt pan with some of the butter to lightly coat.nCut the biscuits into quarters. Combine the sugar, cinnamon and orange zest in a large bowl and stir together.nWorking in batches, toss onethird of the biscuits in the melted butter, roll them in the sugar mixture to lightly coat and add them to the Bundt pan so they are nestled together in an even layer sprinkle with onethird of the pecans. Repeat to make two more layers of biscuits rolled in sugar and the pecans. Sprinkle the top with any leftover sugar mixture and drizzle with any leftover butter.nCover the pan with foil and bake for 35 minutes. Remove the foil and bake until puffed and golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes more. Loosen the bread from the sides of the pan with a knife or offset spatula. Carefully invert the pan onto a serving plate, remove the pan and serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Two 16ounce tubes refrigerated biscuit dough, 2 cups light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Zest of 1 orange, 1 cup roasted chopped pecans], title: Orange Sticky Bun Monkey Bread, picturelink: FrIBBfF4uOMI42dqg3PSoh6miRmcqWC}, 13675: {instructions: Combine the fenugreek, garam masala, sugar, garlic, cardamom, peppercorns, salt, yogurt, and tomato paste in a large bowl and mix well set aside 14 cup of the marinade for basting. Add the chicken thighs and drums and coat well. Cover the bowl and let marinate in the fridge for 45 minutes to 4 hours.nWhen ready to cook, preheat a grill to mediumhigh. Remove the chicken pieces from the marinade and place on the hot grill. Basting regularly with the reserved marinade, cook until the chicken is done and juices run clear, about 35 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons dried fenugreek leaves, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 12 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon cayenne peppercorns, Pinch salt, 1 cup plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 chicken legs, split into thighs and drums], title: Spiced Indian Grilled Chicken, picturelink: null}, 13676: {instructions: Special equipment: 24 cupcakesize silicon baking molds, optionalnFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Spray the bottoms of 24 cupcakesize silicon molds with cooking spray or two 12cup muffin pans and place them on a baking sheet.nTo make the crust, in a small mixing bowl, stir together the crumbs, sugar and melted butter, then press the mixture firmly into the bottom of each mold. Set aside.nFor the filling: Using an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese and sour cream until smooth and creamy. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the sugar, lime zest, lime juice, cornstarch and vanilla and beat until smooth.nPour the filling into the prepared crusts. Bake until the tops are lightly brown, about 20 minutes. Let cool, then cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving.nFor the sauce: Meanwhile, to make the sauce, process the raspberries, sugar and lime zest in a food processor or blender until smooth. Chill for at least 1 hour before drizzling over the cheesecake and serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the molds, 34 cup fine graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons 12 stick salted butter, melted, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 12 cup sour cream, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons freshly grated lime zest, 14 cup Key lime juice from about 13 small Key limes or 2 large regular limes, 1 heaping tablespoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup thawed frozen raspberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon freshly grated lime zest], title: Mini Key Lime Cheesecake with Raspberry Sauce, picturelink: V.l.7JDpdKsGbjiy7dqgAJykuIbJSG2}, 13677: {instructions: To make the salad dressing, whisk together, ketchup, mayonnaise, rice vinegar, lemon zest, lemon juice, chives, and parsley. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and set aside.nTo assemble the carpaccio, place a large tomato slice on each serving plate to be used as the base. Top with 4 thin slices cucumber, distributing evenly atop the tomato. Put a 14 teaspoon of salad dressing in the center of cucumbers to anchor a romaine leaf placed curved side up. Top romaine with a small amount of shaved red onion.nPlace 12 cup of greens alongside carpaccio. Drizzle dressing on and around and serve additional dressing on the side., ingredients: [14 cup ketchup, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 lemon, zest grated and juiced, 1 tablespoon finely minced chives, 1 tablespoon finely minced parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large ripe yet firm fresh tomato, very thinly sliced with a mandoline, 1 English cucumber, peeled and very thinly sliced with a mandoline, 1 12 cups mixed greens organic mesclun mix such as arugula, mache, chicory, sorrel soaked in salt water to remove grit, thoroughly rinsed, dried in a salad spinner, and shredded into 14inch wide pieces, 1 heart romaine, separated into individual leaves, 1 tablespoon shaved red onion], title: Romaine Salad with Carpaccio of Tomato and Cucumber, picturelink: ..i8z9fQ9T.jv1tBINRXrBSAJ9VxTm2}, 13678: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a shaker with ice and mix vigorously. Stop when the shaker is too cold to hold. Strain into a chilled martini glass and garnish with a lemon twist., ingredients: [1 12 ounces vodka, 12ounce Triple Sec, 2 ounces fresh lime juice, 1ounce cranberry juice], title: The Cosmopolitan, picturelink: null}, 13679: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet or castiron pan over mediumhigh heat. Once the oil is hot, add the onions. Season with salt and pepper and cook the onions, stirring often, until softened and browned around the edges, about 5 minutes. Transfer the onions to a bowl.nWhile the onions are cooking, peel and cut the sweet potatoes into 14inch slices.nReduce the heat to medium and add the butter to the skillet, swirling to prevent burning. When the butter has melted, cover the bottom of the skillet with as many potato slices that will fit in one layer this should be about half of the potatoes. Cook until the potatoes are deeply browned on one side, about 4 minutes. Remove to the bowl with the onions. Add the remaining potato slices, and then spread the cooked onionspotatoes over top. Season with salt and pepper, pour in the chicken broth and cover the skillet.nWhen the potatoes are partly tender with some resistance, about 3 minutes, use a metal spatula to flip the bottom layer to the top and continue cooking. Dont worry it will take 3 to 4 flips to transfer all the browned potatoes to the top. Cook until the potatoes are tender, about 2 more minutes. Remove the lid, raising the heat to mediumhigh and allow the remaining liquid to evaporate, about 3 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, halved and thinly sliced but not too thin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium sweet potatoes, 2 to 3 inches in diameter about 1 12 pounds, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup chicken broth or water], title: Sweet Potato Lyonnaise, picturelink: ZxL9Awvhh85lXbMLZtZLDFCT21h66Dm}, 13680: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: toothpicks.nPlace the chicken cutlets on a clean work surface, narrow end facing you. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place one sage leaf crosswise on each of the pieces of chicken. Sprinkle each of the pieces of chicken with 12 ounce about 2 tablespoons of fontina cheese. Roll up the chicken and seal with one or two toothpicks. Warm the olive oil and halved garlic clove in a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat until the garlic is fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken. Brown the chicken on all sides, about 3 minutes per side. Remove the chicken from the pan and remove and discard the garlic. Add the wine and simmer for 2 minutes while scraping up the brown bits from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Meanwhile, combine the tomatoes and red pepper flakes in a blender and blend until smooth. Add the tomato mixture to the reduced wine in the pan. Simmer for 5 minutes to let the flavors marry. Return the chicken to the pan. Simmer the chicken in the tomato sauce for 10 minutes. Turn the chicken over and simmer until cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the chicken from the pan. Season the tomato sauce with salt and pepper. Spoon the tomato sauce onto serving plates or a serving platter. Slice the chicken into 1inch rounds. Remove the toothpicks. Place the chicken over the sauce and serve immediately.nSERVINGS: 4 MAIN Calories: 470 Total Fat 20 grams Saturated Fat: 6 grams Protein: 9 grams Total carbohydrates: 9 grams Sugar: 5 grams Fiber: 2 grams Cholesterol: 160 milligrams Sodium: 1,333 milligrams, ingredients: [6 4 12 to 5 12ounce chicken cutlets, pounded thin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 sage leaves, 3 ounces grated fontina cheese, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 garlic clove, halved, 12 cup white wine, 1 28ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Scallopine with Sage and Fontina Cheese, picturelink: 6UqENxp5bkS0fVkgSMcauv8fgvQD8aa}, 13681: {instructions: Whisk the mayonnaise and mustard together in a large bowl. Pulse the ham and pickles in a food processor until finely chopped but not pureed. Add the ham mixture, pickle juice, celery, onions and celery leaves to the mayonnaise mixture, and stir. Taste if the salad seems dry it should be spreadable, add more mayonnaise andor pickling liquid. Serve as is or on sandwiches., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, plus more if needed, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 pound leftover baked ham, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 14 cups drained breadandbutter pickle chips and 1 tablespoon pickle juice, plus more if needed, 2 inner ribs celery, finely chopped, plus 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped leaves from the inner ribs, 12 small red onion, finely chopped], title: Ham Salad, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 13682: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh heat.nGrate 1 teaspoon zest each from an orange, lemon and lime, and add to a medium saucepan. Juice oranges, lemons and limes into saucepan, reserving 2 tablespoons juice in a small bowl. Add sugar. Stir to combine, adding more sugar to taste, if necessary. Bring to boil. Whisk cornstarch with reserved juice until smooth. Whisk into saucepan, and simmer until mixture is thickened. Set aside.nForm beef into 6 patties. Season with salt and pepper.nGrill burgers, along with pineapple, bell peppers and onion slices. Grill burgers, turning once, until cooked to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side. Cook pineapple, peppers and onions, turning once, until both sides have distinct grill marks and peppers and onions have softened slightly, about 3 to 5 minutes per side.nTo build burgers, place 1 onion slice on the bottom half of bun, followed by burger, pineapple, and peppers. Drizzle with sauce. Place a thin slice of star fruit on top. Serve any additional onion, pineapple, peppers or starfruit on the side as garnish., ingredients: [3 limes, 14 cup sugar, plus more to taste if needed, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 pounds ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 gold pineapple, or regular pineapple if gold is unavailable, peeled, cored and cut into 14inchthick rings, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 12inchthick rings, 1 orange bell pepper, seeded and cut into 12inchthick rings, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and cut into 12inchthick rings, 1 large sweet red onion, cut into 12inchthick rings, 6 hamburger buns, 1 large star fruit, sliced, 3 blood oranges or regular oranges, 3 lemons], title: Polynesian Burgers, picturelink: null}, 13683: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 425 degrees.nIn a bowl combine the spinach with the egg yolks, ricotta, bread crumbs, salami, garlic,n1 teaspoon salt and pepper. Mix well and as smooth as possible. Set aside. Make a pocket in the rack into which the stuffing will go by using a very sharp knife to make an incision in the center of the eye of the rack. Push the knife tip in and insert the knife the entire length of the rack but do not let it come out the other side.nRemove the knife and insert the handle of a wooden spoon. Work the spoon handle back and fourth to create a pocket or gap that runs from one end of the rack to the other.nPlace the stuffing into a pastry bag fitted with a plain tip. Insert the pastry bag in the pocket of veal and gently squeeze the bag. Using the wooden handle again push the stuffing down as far as it will go and work the stuffing down into the meat until it reaches the unopened end of the rack. Continue to alternate between the bag and the plunging wooden spoon and fill the veal completely.nWhen the rack is ready to cook rub it with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nPlace the rack into a roasting pan and cook for 30 minutes before turning the temperature down to 350 degrees and cook and additional 1 hour and 20 minutes. A meat probe should read 150 degrees before you remove it from the oven.nLet rest for 20 minutes before carving., ingredients: [1 cup cooked spinach, chopped, 3 egg yolks, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 12 cup bread crumbs, 14 pound Italian genoa salami, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 6 bone rack of veal or other veal roast, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper], title: Stuffed and Roasted Rack of Veal, picturelink: null}, 13684: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn bowl, mix the cornflakes, egg, bread crumbs, and parsley. Set the topping aside.nHeat the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the leek, carrot and onion and cook, stirring, until tender. Add the wine and reduce by half. Add the stock and potato and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until the potato is tender. Add the haddock, and salmon and simmer, covered, until just cooked through, about 5 minutes.nAdd the cream and cilantro and bring to a boil. Stir in the lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nLadle the fish mixture into 4 6inch round ovenproof bowls or ramekins. Sprinkle with the topping and bake until lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 cups corn flakes, 2 hardboiled eggs, chopped, 2 tablespoons bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 12 cup unsalted butter, 1 cup diced leek, 13 cup diced carrots, 12 diced onion, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 cups fish stock, 1 cup diced potatoes, 4 cups boneless haddock, cut into a large dice, 34 cup chopped smoked salmon, 34 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons roughly chopped cilantro leaves, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Kilmore Quay Fishermans Pie, picturelink: GrcvcEQJ4ZTS6c09TVAODQPUO.XAmq}, 13685: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 9by13inch pan.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl set aside. Whisk the buttermilk and vanilla in a spouted measuring cup set aside.nBeat the granulated sugar and butter in a stand mixer or a large bowl if using a hand mixer at medium speed until very light in color and fluffy, about 5 minutes, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. With the mixer still running on medium, slowly add the eggs and beat until fully incorporated. Reduce the speed to the lowest setting with the mixer running, add 13 of the flour mixture, then 12 of the buttermilk mixture, then 12 of the remaining flour mixture, then the remaining buttermilk mixture, then the remaining flour mixture. Scrape down the sides and beat until well mixed.nSpread the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until golden brown and a toothpick comes out clean when inserted in the center of the cake, about 30 minutes, rotating the pan halfway through. Let cool for 30 minutes in the pan. Use a large fork to poke holes an inch apart in the top and all the way through the cake.nBring 1 cup water to a boil, pour over the gelatin in a medium bowl and stir until completely dissolved, about 2 minutes. Stir in 12 cup cold water. Pour the mixture evenly over the cooled cake. Refrigerate for 2 hours. Put a large bowl for whipping the cream in the refrigerator.nRemove the cake from the refrigerator. Whip the cream with the granulated sugar and vanilla in the chilled bowl until fluffy. Spread it over the cake and sprinkle the sanding sugar on top. Slice and serve., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing pan, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 14 cups buttermilk, well shaken, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, One 3ounce box lime gelatin, 2 cups heavy cream, cold, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Green sanding sugar, for sprinkling], title: St. Patricks Day Lime Poke Cake, picturelink: OgdYLn8L2d5aavgtmTL7DN2xm2eeM3O}, 13686: {instructions: Coarsely grind peppercorns with a mortar and pestle. Pat steaks dry and coat both sides with peppercorns, pressing to adhere. Season with salt.nHeat oil with 1 tablespoon butter in a 12inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Reduce heat to moderate and cook steaks, 2 at a time, about 4 minutes on each side for mediumrare.nTransfer steaks to a platter. Add vinegar to skillet and deglaze by boiling over high heat, scraping up brown bits. Simmer vinegar until reduced to about 14 cup. Remove from heat and whisk in remaining tablespoon butter until melted. Season sauce with salt and drizzle over steaks., ingredients: [2 tablespoons whole black peppercorns, 4 34inchthick boneless ribeye steaks 34 pound each, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, Salt], title: RibEye Steak au Poivre with Balsamic Reduction, picturelink: null}, 13687: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 9inch deepsided pie pan with nonstick cooking spray. Evenly sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the breadcrumbs into the pan.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the onion and 18 teaspoon salt and cover the skillet. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions soften without color, about 15 minutes. Stir in the chopped tomatoes and cook for 1 minute. Transfer to a medium bowl and set aside.nMeanwhile, add the eggs, egg whites, ricotta, milk, the remaining 13 cup breadcrumbs and 34 teaspoon salt to a blender until well combined and smooth. Stir in the sliced basil and the oniontomato mixture.nPour the egg mixture into the prepared pie pan. Sprinkle with the mozzarella. Arrange the sliced tomatoes in an overlapping style around the top.nBake until the eggs are set and the cheese is lightly browned, about 35 minutes. Let stand for 10 minutes to complete the cooking process. Garnish with the fresh basil sprig. Slice into 4 wedges with a sharp knife and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons whole wheat or other whole grain breadcrumbs, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced, Kosher salt, 4 plum tomatoes 2 chopped and 2 thinly sliced crosswise, 2 large eggs plus 2 large egg whites, 12 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 12 cup 2percent milk, 14 cup packed fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced, plus 1 sprig for garnish, 4 ounces shredded partskim mozzarella], title: Crustless Caprese Quiche, picturelink: kYkn0pLeiSkcSaeMUJ6v0ldvXeWw7P.}, 13688: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter gently in a large saute pan. Add the brown sugar and stir to combine. Add the cinnamon and cook until the mixture is thick and bubbly. Toss in the bananas.nTurn the heat up to high, pull the pan off the burner and add the rum and tip into the flame to allow the flame to JUMP into the pan and set on fire Do this carefully and respectfully but have fun, its all about the show.nSpoon over ice cream and try not to eat it all yourself., ingredients: [12 stick butter, 12 cup brown sugar, Pinch ground cinnamon, 2 bananas, sliced in rounds and tossed with the juice of 12 a lemon, 12 cup dark rum recommended: Meyers, Vanilla ice cream], title: Bananas Flambee, picturelink: d2S4WBlzVoMwWlNHa4TeKIARzTJFH6a}, 13689: {instructions: Let the mint steep in the brewed tea for 30 minutes. Add the sugar syrup to make it very sweet. Add lemon juice to bring back the tea flavor and to reduce the sweetness. Freeze in an ice cream machine according to manufacturers instructions.nIn a saucepan, combine sugar and water. Bring to a boil and simmer until sugar is dissolved, but no color is reached. Remove from the heat and let cool., ingredients: [2 to 3 sprigs fresh mint, 3 cups strong brewed mint tea, Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Fresh lemon juice, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup water], title: Tea Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 13690: {instructions: Clean and fillet fish. Remove heads and tails. In bowl, mix 34 cup oil, lemon juice, garlic, parsley, salt and pepper. Dredge fish in flour. In large saute pan, heat remaining oil. Saute fish until golden brown. Remove and pour lemon mixture over and cover. Let sit for 5 minutes and serve., ingredients: [8 whole whiting, 1 12 cups olive oil, 34 cup lemon juice, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons parsley, Salt and pepper, to taste, 14 cup flour], title: Whiting with Garlic and Lemon, picturelink: null}, 13691: {instructions: Toss the tomatoes, cucumbers, and lemon juice in a bowl with 2 teaspoons of the salt. Set aside.nPut the couscous into a large bowl. Bring the water, lemon zest, 3 tablespoons of the oil, the remaining salt, cayenne, and herb stems to a boil over high heat. Pour the liquid over the couscous, stir to separate any clumps. Cover with a lid, plate, or plastic wrap, set aside for 5 minutes. Remove the zest and herb stems and fluff with a fork.nAdd the tomato mixture, scallions, mint, parsley, and pine nuts. Drizzle the remaining oil over the salad, toss and serve.nCopyright 2003 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [3 cups about 1 12 pints cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, 2 kirby cucumbers, seeded, and diced, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 cups instant couscous a 10ounce box, 2 cups water, 2 wide strips lemon zest, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Pinch cayenne, 12 cup torn mint leaves, stems saved, 12 cup roughly chopped flat leaf parsley, stems saved, 3 scallions white and green, chopped, 12 cup toasted pine nuts, optional], title: Couscous Salad with Tomatoes and Mint, picturelink: 4yVku3elv5UBDnvale6eM6DTowUlexy}, 13692: {instructions: Place the lime juice, cilantro, and hot sauce in food processor and add a little salt and pepper. Turn processor on and stream in extravirgin olive oil. Taste dressing and adjust seasonings. Pour dressing into a bowl and add onions and tomatoes. Toss gently and coat in dressing. Let stand 5 to 10 minutes and serve., ingredients: [2 limes, juiced, 12 cup cilantro leaves, a couple of handfuls, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, eyeball it, Salt and pepper, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, eyeball it, 1 small red onion, quartered and thinly sliced, 3 large beefsteak tomatoes, quartered and thinly sliced], title: Tomato and Red Onion Salad with LimeCilantro Dressing, picturelink: null}, 13693: {instructions: Saute the onion and garlic in olive oil until onions are tender. Add onions to barbeque sauce and stir well.nPlace uncooked ham in a baking bag. Pour about 12 gallon of barbeque sauce mixture into the bag. Seal the bag and marinate in the refrigerator overnight  about 8 to 12 hours. Remove the ham from the baking bag and place it on the grill. Cook ham until the meat is tender, basting often with barbeque mixture., ingredients: [2 large Vidalia onions, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large 12 gallon or more bottle vinegar based barbeque sauce, 13 pound pork ham], title: Pork with Onion Sauce, picturelink: null}, 13694: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFind 2 heavy skillets that will nest together. Two 10inch cast iron skillets are ideal. Heat them over high heat.nMeanwhile, spread mustard on one slice of bread. Distribute the cheese evenly over the mustard, season with fresh black pepper and top with second piece of bread.nSpritz the bread surface thats staring up at you with olive oil using either a Misto or a pump sprayer. A light coat will do, dont soak.nWhen the pans are hot enough to vigorously sizzle a drop of water, remove them from the heat and place the sandwich, topside down in the middle of one pan. if your pans are a different size, this would be the larger one. Spritz the slice now facing you, as well as the bottom of the other skillet. Lay the skillet right on top of the sandwich. If the top pan isnt cast iron, weigh it down with a brick, can, or something of similar heft.nWait patiently, crack a beer. When you hear the first bit of cheese run out and sizzle on the pan, its done. This will take anywhere from 3 to 5 minutes.nCarefully remove the top skillet, you may need to coax it off with a spatula, but I doubt it. Just look at it. Its perfect...better than moms no reason to tell her.nRemove to a plate, count to 10 and slice it in half. Take a bite. Take another. So they lost ... theres always next year., ingredients: [2 slices of bread, cut thin as far as bread selection goes, all Ill say is the bigger the loaf the bigger the sandwich, 1 teaspoon or more smooth Dijon mustard, 1 cup grated cheese, Good quality olive oil for spritzing.], title: Big Cheese Squeeze, picturelink: s8Xxh168N7nKwGEBPeqvje93nJWwTVq}, 13695: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Eight to ten 4ounce ramekinsnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nWith an electric hand mixer, beat the egg whites in a large bowl until they form soft peaks. Set aside.nIn another large bowl, whisk together the 12 cup chocolatehazelnut spread, almond milk and salt until smooth. With a rubber spatula, gently fold the egg whites into the chocolatehazelnut mixture until fully incorporated. Add the bread cubes and mix gently. Let stand at room temperature for 10 minutes.nBrush the inside of the ramekins with the olive oil. To each ramekin add 1 tablespoon of the remaining chocolatehazelnut spread. Then ladle in 12 cup of the bread mixture. Set the filled ramekins on a baking sheet and bake until puffed and beginning to brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Serve immediately, topped with a piece of hazelnut brittle.nIn a small saucepan, mix the sugar with the water until it looks like wet sand. Bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat, stirring gently to dissolve the sugar. Simmer, without disturbing, for 20 minutes, or until the mixture turns a light amber color.nSpray a small rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Spread the chopped hazelnuts out on the baking sheet. Pour the caramel over the hazelnuts and let sit for 10 minutes, or until hardened. Break into shards., ingredients: [6 egg whites, room temperature, 12 cup chocolatehazelnut spread, such as Nutella, plus 12 cup for the ramekins, 1 cup unsweetened almond milk, 18 teaspoon fine sea salt, Four slices dayold focaccia or ciabatta, cut into 14inch cubes, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Hazelnut Brittle, for serving, recipe follows, 1 13 cups sugar, 23 cup water, Nonstick cooking spray, 23 cup blanched hazelnuts, toasted and chopped], title: Jades BBP Breakfast Bread Pudding, picturelink: sZSxH6VTbtTn3YZKhhRW0iYNdIw8BHm}, 13696: {instructions: Add 2 to 3 tablespoons canola oil to a large saute pan. Add the ginger, garlic and shallots, and turn the heat to medium to flavor the oil by bringing the oil up to temperature. Cook on medium heat for 3 to 5 minutes until fragrant and soft. Strain the oil and set aside. Reserve all.nAdd to the same pan some of the nowflavored oil and place over high heat. Sprinkle your shrimp with salt and pepper. Once heated, add the shrimp and saute until pink and opaque, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Pull the shrimp out and set aside.nAdd the mushrooms to the pan and saute until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add in the Napa cabbage and toss to combine. Add the snow peas, chicken stock, rice vinegar, soy sauce and sambal. Toss to combine. Add a pinch of sugar to help balance the flavor. Add the lo mein noodles along with the reserved ginger, shallots, garlic mixture, and toss to combine. Allow to heat through, 1 to 2 minutes.nAdjust seasoning as needed. Add the scallion greens, cilantro and cooked shrimp and toss to combine and warm through. Finish with a squeeze of lime and garnish with cilantro sprigs., ingredients: [Canola oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons peeled and grated fresh ginger, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and pasted with salt, 12 large shallot, thinly sliced into half moons, 8 ounces headon, peeled and deveined shrimp, left whole, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and thinly sliced, 12 to 1 cup thinly sliced Napa cabbage, 10 to 15 snow peas, cleaned and thinly sliced, 14 cup chicken stock, 2 to 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 to 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 to 3 teaspoons sambal, Pinch sugar, 8 ounces lo mein noodles, parcooked, 14 cup thinly sliced scallion greens, 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus sprigs forgarnish, Juice of 1 lime], title: Green Shrimp Lo Mein, picturelink: 0ye8XS7fk8S9WXxw9bbQ3oZs4oF0cbW}, 13697: {instructions: For the stock: Place the chicken in a pot and add the garlic, bay leaves, carrots, parsley, rosemary, thyme, peppercorns, lemon and onion. Cover with 12 cups water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer at a low rolling boil for 40 minutes. Remove the chicken and let cool. Strain the stock, then return it to the pot and simmer until reduced to about 8 cups. Discard the skin and bones of the chicken and shred or dice the meat.nFor the soup: Heat the EVOO in a soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the carrots and cook for a few minutes, then add the leeks and cook until softened, a few more minutes. Add the escarole and cook until wilted. Season with salt, pepper and a little nutmeg. Add the chicken and stock, and heat through.nBring a large pot of water to a boil for the pasta, and season with salt. Add the pasta and cook until al dente.nDivide the pasta among 4 bowls, nesting a bundle of noodles in each dish. Ladle the soup over the pasta and serve., ingredients: [2 skinon, bonein chicken breast halves 1 full breast, 4 large cloves garlic, crushed, 2 bay leaves, 2 carrots, roughly chopped, Small handful fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, A few sprigs fresh thyme, A few black peppercorns, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 onion, quartered, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 carrots, cut into matchsticks, 2 leeks, sliced, 1 head escarole, chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 8 ounces egg tagliatelle or vermicelli], title: Oodles of Noodles Chicken Soup, picturelink: ZpYTMVCspTSqheyhNMOBBav8fRch8Ba}, 13698: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill to mediumhigh heat.nPlace the wedges in a large bowl and drizzle with oil. Season with salt and pepper and toss to combine. Place on the grill, cooking on all sides until cooked through, about 10 minutes total. Remove and drizzle or brush with a bit of maple butter, sprinkle with salt and parsley to finish.nIn a bowl, blend the butter, maple syrup and allspice together until light and smooth. Refrigerate and use as a spread or melt and drizzle over pancakes, grilled sweet potatoes or popcorn., ingredients: [3 sweet potatoes, each cut into 8 lengthwise wedges, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Maple Butter, recipe follows, Flaked sea salt, to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup maple syrup, 12 teaspoon allspice], title: Grilled Sweet Potato Wedges with Maple Butter, picturelink: YJUVKWLMehNM.7m2tAMREpy8P0ms5VG}, 13699: {instructions: Put all the ingredients into a large bowl and stir well to combine. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. When ready to cook, heat a deepfatfryer to 350 degrees F. Drop rounded teaspoons of the batter into the hot oil and fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Fry in batches until all the batter is used., ingredients: [5 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon Creole seasoning recommended: Tony Chacheres, 12 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon black pepper, 2 12 cups milk, 3 eggs, beaten, 1 large red onion, chopped, 1 cup diced jalapenos, 10 dashes hot pepper sauce recommended: Tabasco], title: Angry Hushpuppies, picturelink: null}, 13700: {instructions: Smash the garlic clove, sprinkle with 1 teaspoon of the salt, and, with the flat side of a large knife, mash and smear the mixture to a coarse paste. Mix the garlic, tomatoes, onion, jalapeno, and cilantro in a serving bowl. Add the tequila, if desired, and season with the remaining salt, adding more to taste if necessary.nServe immediately or cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 1 hour at room temperature. Serve with the tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning, 4 medium ripe tomatoes, cored and diced, 14 medium red onion, finely diced, 1 jalapeno, stemmed and minced with seeds for more heat, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 to 2 tablespoons silver tequila optional, White corn tortilla chips, for dipping], title: Summer Salsa with a Shot, picturelink: 5vlM3l3exxei4ySJH9WMrs1EPfn3BLu}, 13701: {instructions: Combine flour and sugar. Cut in cold butter. Add 2 eggs and yolk. Mix together with wooden spoon until it forms a ball. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate one half hour. In a medium sized bowl, combine strawberries, almonds, flour and sugar. Roll dough into a cylinder and cut off pieces as needed. Roll each piece into circle 4inches in diameter and 18inch thick. Place a spoonful of strawberry mixture in center and gently fold up the sides, overlapping as you go. Brush with egg wash and bake at 350 degrees F for 18 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups flour, 1 cup sugar, 8 tablespoons cold butter, cut into small cubes, 2 eggs, plus 1 egg beaten for egg wash, 1 egg yolk, 1 quart strawberries, washed and sliced, 12 cup slivered almonds, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Strawberry Almond Crostata, picturelink: null}, 13702: {instructions: Take each slice of bread and remove a hole two inches in diameter from the center. A jelly jar lid works very well as a quick discard for the center. Using a pancake griddle or a large teflon pan, heat one ounce of clarified butter over medium heat. Toast each slice of bread on one side for three minutes. As you flip each slice of bread, carefully crack an egg through the hole and saute the egg inside. When the egg sets on one side, but the yolk is still soft, turn the toast over, careful not to crack the yolk. Saute for an additional two minutes. While the eggs are cooking, in a mixing bowl season tomato slices and shaved onions with olive oil, red wine vinegar, salt and pepper. For the presentation, stack tomatoes and onions in one corner of the plate. Lean the frog in the hole against the tomatoes and garnish with a rosette of three slices of smoked salmon., ingredients: [4 slices of thick cut wheat bread, 4 large eggs, 4 vineripened tomatoes, sliced, 1 medium red onion, sliced thin, 12 slices smoked salmon, 1 cup clarified butter, 1ounce olive oil, 1ounce red wine vinegar], title: Frog in the Hole, picturelink: null}, 13703: {instructions: To make the Parmesan Cups: Put a small nonstick pan on stove over medium heat. Lay tart molds upside down on flat surface. Place 1 tablespoon of cheese in a small pile about the size of a quarter in the pan. Cook until cheese melts and starts to bubble. Flip the cheese and continue cooking until golden brown. Drape cheese over tart mold and press down with another tart mold to form cup shape. Let cool. Remove from molds and trim off excess cheese after cheese has cooled.nTo make Macaroni and Cheese: Put the onion, herbs, garlic and cream in a heavy saucepan and bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer until cream is reduced by half. Strain and put cream back in pan on low heat. Whisk in the cheese. Add cooked macaroni to cheese mixture. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nTo assemble: Spoon mixture into each Parmesan cup and garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 14 cups fresh grated Parmesan, 13 cup diced onion, 1 sprig fresh thyme leaves, 3 sprig fresh dill, 1 sprig fresh oregano leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 allspice berry, 1 bay leaf, 2 cloves garlic, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup shredded Vermont sharp Cheddar, 14 cup shredded Cotswold, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 cup cooked macaroni, Salt and fresh ground pepper], title: Macaroni and Cheese in Parmesan Cups, picturelink: null}, 13704: {instructions: Mix all ingredients except the butter for 5 minutes on first speed in a mixer. Continue to mix for another 5 minutes on second speed. Once all ingredients have combined, remove dough from mixing bowl, wrap in plastic, and place in the refrigerator for 20 minutes.nFlatten the butter out into an 8 by 8inch square shape. Roll out the dough into a 14 by 14inch square shape, with the corners pointing towards you. Place the butter on the dough, with the corners placed opposite the corners of the dough. Fold in the corners of the dough over the butter to the center, sealing all the seams. Wrap dough in plastic, and refrigerate for 20 minutes.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator, and roll the dough out approximately 18 inches in a rectangle. Then fold one end to the center, and fold other end, overlapping each fold. This is what we call a threefold. Wrap dough and refrigerate for 20 minutes. Repeat same process one more time, and refrigerate.nRemove dough from refrigerator, and roll out until dough is a rectangle that is approximately 18inch thick. Halve the dough lengthwise, and then cut each section into 10 triangles. Roll each triangle from base of triangle to tip, shape it into a crescent, and place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Lightly brush each croissant with some egg wash. Let the croissant rise for 1 hour or until they have doubled in size.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace croissants in oven and bake for 10 to 15 minutes, until golden brown., ingredients: [2 eggs, 21 ounces cold water, 1 12 ounces fresh yeast, 4 ounces sugar, 9 ounces dry milk, 14 ounces high gluten flour, 6 ounces cornstarch, 1 ounce salt, 8 12 ounces butter, Egg wash 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water], title: Croissant, picturelink: null}, 13705: {instructions: Cook 34 cup each blackberries and seedless red grapes, 13 cup sugar and 2 teaspoons water in a small saucepan over medium heat until juicy, about 10 minutes. Remove the fruit with a slotted spoon and continue simmering the liquid until syrupy, about 2 more minutes. Let cool slightly. Stir the fruit back into the syrup and spoon over vanilla ice cream.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: BlackberryGrape Sundaes, picturelink: Hg2pYSAngMEVi0OEAMg4EAiYZI7RfxO}, 13706: {instructions: Using a pastry brush, lightly coat a chicken breast with mustard on all sides. Place in bread crumbs and firmly press down. Turn and repeat until entire breast is coated with crumbs. Set aside and repeat with remaining five breasts.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Meanwhile, heat half the butter or olive oil in a 10inch saute pan over medium heat for 30 seconds. Add 3 breasts and cook for about 2 minutes, until golden brown. Remove to a baking sheet and repeat with the remaining 3 breasts. Set baking sheet in hot oven for 10 minutes. Remove and cover to keep warm. Serve with Morel Sauce, if desired.nPlace butter and minced shallot in a 1quart saucepan over medium heat. Cook until translucent. Add morels and a pinch of salt. Cook for 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add white wine and reduce by twothirds. Add heavy cream, turn down the heat and simmer for 20 minutes, until the sauce coats the back of a spoon.nSeason with salt and pepper to taste. Keep warm until ready to serve with chicken breasts.nYield: ample to sauce 6 servings, ingredients: [6 6ounce chicken breasts, 6 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 6 tablespoons clarified butter or olive oil, 1 Tablespoon butter, 1 medium shallot, minced, 2 cups loosely packed fresh morels, 12 cup white wine, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Chicken Breasts, picturelink: null}, 13707: {instructions: Special equipment: CannernPrepare the jars and lids:nWash all jars and lids thoroughly with soap and water and rinse well. Fill your canner with enough water to cover the jars by at least 1 inch and bring to a simmer. Using a pair of canning tongs, lower the jars in gently, tilting them to fill with the hot water. In a small saucepan, keep some water warm but not boiling place the lids in the water. Have an additional kettle of water on to boil.nPrepare the brine.nAdd vinegar, water, salt and garlic and peppercorns or honey if using, to a medium saucepan and place over medium heat. Bring to a boil, and reduce heat to keep at a simmer.nPrepare the jalapenos.nWearing latex or plastic gloves, slice the jalapenos into 14inch rings. Add the rings to the brine and bring back to the boil.nFill and close the jars.nUsing canning tongs, remove the jars from the canner, carefully pouring the water back into the canner. Set next to the jalapenos in the saucepan. Turn the heat under the canner to high. Use a ladle to pour the jalapenos into the jars through a canning funnel, leaving 12 inch of headspace at the top. Run a clean chopstick around the inside of the jar to dislodge any trapped air. Wipe the rims of the jars with a damp paper towel. Place the lids on, and screw on the rings until just fingertight.nSeal the jars.nUsing canning tongs, gently transfer the jars to the canner, taking care to keep them vertical. When all the jars are in the canner, there should be at least 1 inch of water covering them if you need more, add water from the kettle until the jars are sufficiently covered. Bring the water to a full rolling boil, and process for 5 minutes.nRemove and cool.nUsing canning tongs, gently remove the jars from the canner and transfer them to a kitchen towel or cooling rack, again keeping them vertical. Do not set hot jars directly onto cool counter surfaces. Leave to cool, undisturbed, for at least 12 hours. If any of the jars do not seal when cool, reprocess using the method above, or refrigerate and use immediately.nLabel and store.nAdd a label to the lid or side of your jar, noting the date it was canned. Remove the rings and store jars in a cool, dark place for up to one year. Refrigerate after opening. Properlyhandled sterilized equipment will keep canned foods in good condition for years. Sterilizing jars is the first step of preserving foods., ingredients: [2 cups white vinegar 5percent acidity, 2 cups filtered water, 2 tablespoons pickling salt or 4 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic optional, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns optional, 1 tablespoon honey or sugar optional, 1 pound jalapeno peppers], title: Pickled Jalapenos, picturelink: null}, 13708: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTo make the paste, place the sundried tomatoes and garlic in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Process for 30 seconds. Add the basil, salt, and pepper. With the processor running, slowly pour the olive oil into the bowl through the feed tube and process until pureed. Add the Parmesan and puree for 15 seconds. Set aside.nUnfold 1 sheet of puff pastry and place it on a lightly floured board. With a rolling pin, lightly roll the dough until its a 13inch square. Using a knife, spread the paste over the top of the puff pastry. Fold the sides of the square toward the center so they go halfway to the middle. Fold them again so the 2 folds meet exactly at the middle of the dough. Then fold one half over the other half as though closing a book. You will have 6 layers. Slice the dough into 38inch slices and place the slices, cut side up, on baking sheets lined with parchment paper. Brush each piece with egg wash and place in the oven. Bake for 6 minutes. Turn each pastry slice over and continue baking an additional 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 14 cups sundried tomatoes, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped garlic 9 cloves, 5 cups basil leaves, packed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup good olive oil, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 sheet puff pastry, defrosted recommended: Pepperidge Farm, 1 egg mixed with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash], title: Tomato Basil Elephant Ears, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 13709: {instructions: Lay salmon skin side down in a stainless steel container. Mix together dill and remaining ingredients. Cover evenly with this mixture. Cover the container with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 48 hours. After 48 hours, brush off the marinade mixture, leaving a light coating on the salmon. Slice thinly and serve cold., ingredients: [14 side of salmon skin on, pin bones out, 1 cup dill, chopped, 14 cup rock salt, 2 tablespoons cracked white peppercorns, 2 tablespoons brandy, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon saskatoon berry tea see note], title: T Marinated Salmon Gravlax, picturelink: null}, 13710: {instructions: Cut bacon into 12inch pieces and in a large heavy skillet cook over moderate heat stirring, until crisp and golden. With a slotted spoon transfer bacon to paper towels to drain.nThinly slice cabbage and discard coarse stems from mustard greens. In a large rack set over boiling water steam cabbage, covered, until crisptender, about 10 minutes. Transfer cabbage to a large bowl and keep warm, covered. In a steamer rack set over boiling water steam mustard greens until tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Add mustard greens to cabbage and keep warm, covered.nMince garlic. In a small saucepan heat garlic, butter, and oil until butter is just melted. Drizzle butter mixture over vegetables, tossing to distribute evenly, and season with salt and pepper.nTransfer vegetables to a serving dish and serve topped with bacon, ingredients: [34 pound sliced bacon, 1 large head Savoy cabbage about 2 pounds, 2 bunches mustard greens about 2 12 pounds total, 6 large garlic cloves, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Steamed Savoy Cabbage and Mustard Greens with Bacon, picturelink: null}, 13711: {instructions: Heat a griddle or saute pan over high heat until it begins to smoke, and then turn the heat down to mediumhigh.nSpread some butter on both sides of each hot dog bun. Toast the buns on the hot griddle until golden brown on both sides, about 1 minute per side depending on the temperature of the griddle. Once toasted, remove from the heat and separate the two sides of the buns and hold for plating.nIn a bowl, combine the lobster, lemon juice, mayonnaise, salt and pepper, and gently mix to coat the lobster but not break up the meat.nTo plate the lobster roll, place one piece of the hotdog bun on the plate with a lettuce leaf on top. Spoon 4 12 ounces of the lobster salad on top of the lettuce leaf and then top with the other side of the hot dog roll. Repeat with the remaining rolls, and serve each with a lemon wedge., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 6 New Englandstyle hot dog buns, 27 ounces lobster knuckles and claw meat, 2 ounces lemon juice, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 leaves romaine lettuce, 6 lemon wedges, for serving], title: Maine Lobster Roll with Claw and Knuckle Meat, picturelink: null}, 13712: {instructions: Bring cream and milk to a simmer in a medium saucepan. In a bowl, whisk together sugar and yolks until pale and thickened. Slowly whisk in warm cream mixture to sugar and yolks then return to the saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Stir continuously until mixture is slightly thickened and coats the back of a spoon. Strain mixture into a bowl and place into an ice bath, stirring until cold. Remove from ice bath, whisk in raspberry puree until a pink color is formed and process in an ice cream machine according to the manufacturers instructions.nMelt white chocolate in a double boiler. Scrape the ice cream into a large metal bowl. Continuously drizzle in the melted white chocolate while stirring at the same time with a large spatula, until fully incorporated. Cover and place in the freezer until firm., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup granulated sugar, 7 large egg yolks, 1 12 cups raspberry puree, best quality, 8 ounces melted white chocolate], title: Raspberry Stracciatelle Ice Cream, picturelink: H3nsA.6nU41sT1pYN9Xpl1pg9d2wq3u}, 13713: {instructions: Heat the grill to high. Place the vinegars, soy sauce, pineapple juice, sugar, jalapeno and ginger in a medium saucepan and cook over high heat until reduced by half, stirring occasionally. If the sauce becomes too thick, thin with a little bit of water.nStrain the sauce through a strainer into a bowl. Briefly saute the red and yellow pepper in canola oil and then stir in the sauce along with the snow peas, mint and cilantro and season with salt and pepper.nBrush the chicken on both sides with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through, about 8 minutes, while also brushing with any remaining glaze. Place the rice on a large plate. Remove the chicken from the grill and immediately drizzle with the sauce., ingredients: [1 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 cup pineapple juice, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 jalapeno chiles, coarsely chopped, 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 12 red bell pepper, finely diced, 12 yellow bell pepper, finely diced, Canola oil, 14 pound steamed snow peas, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 boneless chicken breasts, 8ounces each, 3 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and pepper, Steamed brown rice], title: Sweet and Sour Chicken, picturelink: vRyZVF2NdYPwlG698G3ELX3nf3.d1OK}, 13714: {instructions: Cut the onion into very thin slices. Put the vegetable oil and onions into a large skillet and place it over mediumlow heat. Cook, stirring frequently, until the onions become golden brown and caramelized, about 30 minutes.nPlace a pizza stone onto the floor of the oven and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nRemove the bones from the duck legs and shred the meat set aside. Place the dough on a floured surface. Flatten it slightly, sprinkle with more flour, and roll it into a 10inch disk. Sprinkle a wooden pizza paddle with flour and transfer the dough to the paddle. Shake the board a little to make sure the dough doesnt stick. Spread the caramelized onions to within 12inch of the edge of the dough and top evenly with the cheeses, pine nuts and rosemary. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and transfer to the pizza stone. Bake until the crust is brown around the edges, about 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 large Spanish onion, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 confit duck legs, 7 ounces prepared pizza dough, Semolina flour, for dusting, 12 cup grated fontina cheese, 12 cup crumbled goat cheese, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted, Freshly chopped rosemary leaves, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Caramelized Onion and Duck Confit Pizza, picturelink: null}, 13715: {instructions: Heat the oil in a Dutch oven or medium pot over mediumhigh heat until it ripples. Add the pasta and cook, stirring constantly, until the pasta is golden, about 3 minutes.nScoop out and discard 2 tablespoons of the oil. Add the Roasted TomatoChile Arbol Salsa and cook for 2 minutes, stirring the whole time. Pour in the chicken stock and let the liquid come to a simmer. Cover the pot and cook, stirring once in a while, until the liquid is absorbed and the pasta is tender, about 20 minutes.nDivide the pasta between two bowls and garnish with the cilantro and cheese., ingredients: [Roasted TomatoChile de Arbol Salsa:, 1 pound plum tomatoes about 4, 3 to 6 chiles de arbol, depending on how spicy you like it, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium white onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, crushed, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Sopa Seca:, 14 cup canola oil, 1 cup small shaped pasta such as melon seeds, orzo, or alphabets, 12 cup Roasted TomatoChile de Arbol Salsa, 2 cups chicken stock lowsodium storebought is fine, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, A handful of shredded cotija or queso fresco preferably the Cacique brand, or pecorino, Parmesan, or lightly salty feta], title: Sopa Seca, picturelink: null}, 13716: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the vinegar and sugar, in a large bowl, until the sugar dissolves. Add the onion, mustard, celery seed, celery salt and salt and pepper, to taste. Slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified. Add the cabbage and carrot and toss to combine. Let sit at room temperature for 15 minutes before serving.nHeat a grill to high.nIn a medium bowl toss the tomatoes in canola oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill until charred and softened. Remove them to a bowl, and add the garlic, onion, olive oil and thyme and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving.nHeat a grill to high.nBrush the potato slices with oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill on both sides until lightly golden brown and just cooked through.nBrush the steak on both sides with oil and season with salt and pepper, to tastes. Grill until golden brown and charred on both sides and cooked to mediumrare doneness, about 6 minutes per side. Remove the steaks from grill to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes before cutting into thin slices.nPut the sliced meat on aluminum foil and top with slices of the cheese. Put back on the grill, close the cover and cook until the cheese just begins to melt, about 45 seconds. Mound meat on the bottom of the bread and top with potatoes, tomato relish and coleslaw. Cover with the top of the bread and serve., ingredients: [14 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup superfine sugar, 1 tablespoon grated Spanish onion, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon celery seeds, 12 teaspoon celery salt, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup canola oil, 12 medium head cabbage, finely shredded, 1 large carrot, shredded, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 Yukon gold potatoes, parcooked and sliced crosswise 14inch thick, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 boneless ribeye, 1 12inches thick at least 1 pound each, 8 slices thinly sliced aged provolone, 1 large loaf Italian bread, split in 12], title: Pittsburgh Cheese Steak, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 13717: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nLay a sheet of phyllo on a cutting board with the short part facing you and brush lightly with clarified butter then sprinkle with sugar. Cut into 4 long, even strips.nOpen up each dried plum and place a cube of cream cheese and a toasted almond inside. Place a stuffed dried plum at the end of each strip of phyllo. Fold it up to make a triangle, like folding a flag. Brush the outside with butter and sprinkle with more sugar.nRepeat with the rest of the phyllo. Bake until light golden brown about 20 to 30 minutes. Serve warm, if possible, sprinkled with powdered sugar., ingredients: [3 sheets phyllo, thawed, 12 cup clarified butter, 14 cup sugar, 16 pitted dried plums, 16 toasted almonds, 4 ounces cream cheese, cubed into 16 pieces, Powdered sugar, as a garnish], title: Dried Plum and Almond Phyllo Triangles, picturelink: null}, 13718: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSplit the cooled lobster lengthwise from head through tail. Clean out and remove the green tamale material, the stomach, behind the eyes and the waste line through the tail. Crack the knuckles and reserve the meat for mashed potatoes. Remove the claw from the shell and place it in the lobster body cavity. Drizzle melted butter and clam juice over the lobster. Place on a sheet pan and heat 4 to 5 minutes in the oven.nPreheat broiler on high. Remove the pan from the oven and spoon the glacage mixture over the lobster. Place the glazed lobster under the broiler. The sauce should turn color as you watch. Broil to an appetizing light, bubbly brown crust.nCarefully transfer the lobster to a warmed plate. Serve with Lobster Mashed Yukon Potatoes and Charred Asparagus and garnish with either chives or tarragon.nSet a bowl over a pot with simmering water to create a water bath. Place the egg yolks, 1 tablespoon salt, cayenne, dry mustard in the bowl and whip lightly to warm through. Emulsify and distribute the mustard, cayenne and salt. When warm, place in a blender. Turn on medium to high speed and slowly drizzle in the melted butter to attain as thick and homogenized sauce that is possible. Taste, reseason with salt, pepper, if needed, and the lemon juice as necessary. Fold in the tarragon. Use a rubber scraper and transfer to a small bowl and reserve over a pilot light until used.nWhip the cream to mediumsoft peaks and place in the refrigerator.nIn a medium bowl, blend exactly 13 volume of each of the 3 parts. Mix gently to blend and obtain a smooth blended consistency. Reserve warm.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and heat. Add the shallots, garlic and bay leaves and saute until translucent, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nPlace lobster stock, white wine, cooked shallot mixture, clam juice and remaining olive oil in a medium saucepan. Reduce over medium high heat by 12. In a small bowl, knead together the butter and flour to make a paste. Slowly whisk 12 of the butter flour paste into the reduced liquid. Simmer to attain a medium thick sauce. Add more butter flour paste to thicken or clam juice to thin. Simmer 10 minutes to cook the starch in the flour. Pass through a strainer and reserve warm.nMix all ingredients, season, to taste. Reserve warm.nMix together the olive oil and vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Marinate the asparagus. Char in a hot wok or broil or grill until dark brown on the outside., ingredients: [1 2pound lobster, steamed or boiled 6 minutes and cooled in ice water, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 14 cup clam juice, Glacage, recipe follows, Lobster Mashed Yukon Potatoes, recipe follows, Charred Asparagus, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons chopped chives or tarragon, as a garnish, 4 egg yolks, Kosher or sea salt, Dash cayenne, Dash dry mustard, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 12 sticks, melted and warm, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 teaspoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, Lobster Veloute, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 3 large shallots, sliced thinly, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 bay leaves, 1 pint lobster stock, 18 cup dry white wine, 12 cup clam juice, 6 tablespoons 34 stick butter, softened, 6 tablespoons flour, 8 ounces yukon gold potatoes, cooked tender and mashed, Reserved lobster knuckle meat, Kosher salt, Fresh ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons cream, warmed, 1 ounce 14 stick chilled butter, chopped into chunks, 6 pieces jumbo asparagus, 2 tablespoons virgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt, Fresh black pepper], title: Glazed Lobster with Charred Asparagus and Lobster Mashed Yukon Gold Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 13719: {instructions: For the ras el hanout marinade and lamb: Combine the canola oil, vinegar, cardamom, coriander, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, cloves, saffron, garlic, onions, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper and 14 cup water in a blender and blend until smooth.nPlace the lamb in a dish large enough to hold the lamb and the marinade. Pour the marinade over and turn to coat. Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours.nFor the red pepperwalnut tahini sauce: Combine the walnuts, tahini, yogurt, vinegar, cumin, cayenne, bell peppers and some salt and pepper in a food processor and process until smooth.nRemove the lamb from the refrigerator 30 minutes before grilling, and let sit at room temperature.nHeat a charcoal grill for indirect heat.nRemove the lamb from the marinade and pat dry. Sprinkle on both sides with salt and pepper. Grill until charred on both sides and cooked to medium 140 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 30 minutes. Remove from the grill and let rest for 15 minutes.nSlice into paperthin slices across the grain. Place several slices of the meat in each pita and drizzle with the red pepper sauce., ingredients: [12 cup canola oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, Pinch of saffron, 8 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 red onion, roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 boneless leg of lamb, butterflied and trimmed of excess fat 4 to 5 pounds, 34 cup toasted walnuts, chopped, 14 cup tahini, 14 cup Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon cayenne powder, 4 red bell peppers, grilled, peeled, seeded and chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Syrian pita bread, lightly grilled to warm through, for serving], title: Ras El Hanout Marinated Lamb Shawarma with Red PepperWalnut Tahini Sauce, picturelink: nwZYmBTYvMHXeApq5GvK82UwbjzKjIC}, 13720: {instructions: Make the GoTo Chocolate Chip Cookies, replacing 14 cup flour with 14 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder. Bake as directed., ingredients: [], title: Chocolate Chocolate Chip, picturelink: null}, 13721: {instructions: Special equipment: food processor or food mill an 8inch springform pannPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the polenta: In a large saucepan combine the milk, heavy cream, water, olive oil, and kosher salt and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium low and slowly pour in the cornmeal, whisking constantly until it thickens, about 5 minutes.nCover a baking sheet with plastic wrap. Pour the polenta onto the plastic covered baking sheet and spread to an even 14inch thickness. Let cool at least 15 minutes.nFor the pesto: Puree the basil, mint, cilantro, shallots, and garlic. Add the olive oil in a slow, steady stream, while the food processor is running. Stir in the Parmesan, kosher salt, and sambal.nFor the lasagna: Cut the zucchini lengthwise into 14inch thick slices. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat and saute the zucchini slices until lightly golden. Season with salt and pepper.nOil an 8inch round spring form pan. Spread 2 tablespoons of tomato sauce on the bottom of the pan. Cut the polenta into 3 7 34inch rounds. Brush the tops with the Mixed Herb Pesto.nPlace 1 disk in the bottom of the spring form pan. Drizzle with 14 cup of tomato sauce and arrange half the zucchini on top. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons of Parmesan. Cover with the second round of polenta, 14 cup tomato sauce, the rest of the zucchini, and 2 tablespoons of Parmesan. Top with the last polenta round, the remaining tomato sauce, and Parmesan. Bake for 20 minutes.nRemove from the spring form pan, cut into wedges and serve.nIn a large pot heat the olive oil over medium heat. Cook the onion, garlic, and chili flakes in the oil until softened but not browned, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes juice and all, tomato paste, and sugar. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the sauce has thickened, about 20 minutes. Cool the tomato sauce for 10 minutes.nPuree the sauce in a food processor or food mill. Stir in the extravirgin olive oil, marjoram, basil, and kosher salt. Store in the refrigerator for up to 1 week or in the freezer for up to 1 month.nYield: 6 cupsnPreparation Time: 15 minutesnCooking Time: 30 minutesnInactive Time: 10 minutes, ingredients: [2 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 cups cornmeal, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon sambal, 2 zucchini, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup tomato sauce, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 14 cup olive oil, 1 cup minced onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon chili flakes, 28 ounce can whole Italian tomatoes, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh marjoram leaves, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt], title: Polenta Napoleon with Mixed Herb Pesto, picturelink: 4HBAszCwovSwYkmYMTBbgOWMhnqU6te}, 13722: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Heat oil in large skillet over medium heat until hot. Add 1 garlic clove and 4 tablespoons of the chiles cook and stir 2 minutes. Add potatoes and 12 teaspoon salt cook 8 minutes or until potatoes are light golden brown, stirring frequently. Add peas, curry powder, lemon juice and pepper cook and stir until thoroughly heated, mashing slightly as mixture cooks. Separate dough into 16 triangles. Place 2 rounded tablespoons potato mixture on shortest side of each triangle. Roll up, starting at shortest side of triangle, gently wrapping dough around filling and rolling to opposite point. Pinch edges to seal. Place on ungreased large cookie sheet. Bake at 375 for 15 to 20 minutes or until samosas are golden brown. Meanwhile, in blender container, combine all sauce ingredients. Cover blend until smooth. Refrigerate until serving time. Garnish samosas with remaining chiles. Serve warm with sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 4.5oz. can Old El Pasou00ae Chopped Green Chiles, 1 14 12oz. can whole new potatoes, drained, diced, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 15oz. can LeSueur Very Young Small Early Peas, drained, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 12 teaspoons lemon juice, Pepper to taste, 2 8oz. cans Pillsburyu00ae Refrigerated Reduced Fat Crescent Dinner Rolls, Sauce, 1 cup plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 12 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon salt, Dash pepper], title: Crescent Samosas, picturelink: null}, 13723: {instructions: For the chicken:nPreheat heat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace chicken and lowfat buttermilk into a plastic bag and allow to sit for 15 minutes up to overnight.nWhile chicken is marinating combine pecans with spices and mix well. Place mixture into a shallow dish. Remove chicken and allow excess buttermilk to drain. Coat both sides of the chicken pieces with the pecanspice mixture.nHeat a medium, 10inch ovenproof saute pan on the stove. Using 12 teaspoon oil per piece, sear chicken for 1 minute on each side and then place entire pan into oven if you do not have an oven proof saute pan simply transfer chicken to a baking sheet and proceed for 10 to 15 minutes. When done and slightly cooled, slice. Note: chicken can be done a day ahead of time. Leftover chicken makes a great chicken salad.nFor the greens:nCut, wash and spin greens. Toss greens with tomatoes and carrot, set aside.nFor the vinaigrette:nCombine the caramel sauce with water and citrus juices and whisk. While whisking, drizzle in olive oil, lime zest, if using, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo Assemble:nPlace greens in a bowl and lightly toss with 12 of the dressing. Mound on 4 plates and top with chicken and remaining dressing. ENJOY, ingredients: [4 4ounce pieces chicken breast, 1 12 cups lowfat buttermilk, 1 cup crushed pecan pieces, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoon oil, 1 heart romaine, 1 head frissee, 1 head Boston lettuce, 1 head red leaf lettuce, 6 Roma tomatoes sliced, 1 carrot, peeled and shredded, 13 cup caramel sauce, 2 teaspoons water, 14 cup lime juice, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 cup olive oil, 1 lime, zested, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pecan Crusted Chicken over Field Greens with Caramel Citrus Vinaigrette, picturelink: 425hdOAtzZoybCU8dFW9ulp6HvGO97K}, 13724: {instructions: Try chayote chiOHtay, a mild Mexican squash that looks like a green pear: Whisk the juice of 2 limes, 2 tablespoons olive oil and a pinch each of sugar and salt in a bowl. Thinly slice 1 peeled chayote, 1 avocado and 4 radishes gently toss with the dressing.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Chayote and Avocado Salad, picturelink: dvGTo250LMCXDnlimm3AUth4I1pNql.}, 13725: {instructions: Butter and line with parchment paper a 9or 10inch round cake pan that is 2 inches deep.nIn a medium mixing bowl, whisk the yolks with the vanilla. Whisk in half the sugar and continue to beat until very light and frothy, about 5 minutes, either by hand, with a hand mixer set at medium speed, or in a heavyduty mixer fitted with the whip.nCombine the flour and cornstarch and sift once to aerate.nIn a clean, dry bowl, beat the egg whites with the salt until they hold a very soft peak, either by hand, with a hand mixer set at medium speed, or in a heavyduty mixer fitted with the whip. Beating faster, add the remaining sugar in a very slow stream, beating until the egg whites hold a firm peak.nFold the yolk mixture into the whites with a rubber spatula. Sift the flour and cornstarch over the eggs in 3 additions, folding them in gradually. Do not overmix the batter.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the top. Bake at 350 degrees for 30 to 40 minutes, until it is well risen and feels firm when pressed gently with the palm of your hand.nImmediately loosen the layer from the side of the pan with a small knife or spatula. Invert the layer onto a rack and leave the paper stuck to it. Turn the layer right side up and cool it on a rack.nUnless you are going to use the layer within a few hours, doublewrap tightly in plastic and keep in the refrigerator up to 5 days, or freeze., ingredients: [4 large eggs, separated, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornstarch, Pinch salt], title: Sponge Cake Pan di Spagna, picturelink: null}, 13726: {instructions: For Corn Puree: Simmer for 10 minutes. Blend with hand blender.nMix all ingredients and simmer for 5 minutes. Puree, strain and put in squirt bottle.nSaute shallots, shrimp and chives together. Cool on sheet pan. Mix with remaining ingredientsnMix dry ingredients. Add water slowly, finish with a few ice cubes. Hold over a bowl filled with ice.nAssembly: Prepare corn puree and red pepper sauce and set aside. Clean calamari and check to make sure there are no holes. Make sure shrimp stuffing is cooked before stuffing calamari tube. Stuff full but allow room to pinch the end shut prior to frying. Coat calamari with tempura and fry at 330 degrees Fahrenheit until outside is golden brown. Cover plate with corn puree and place calamari on top. Paint with red pepper sauce. Garnish with goat cheese, chives, tomato concasse and black beans., ingredients: [1 box calamari, ask for tubes only 3 to 5 per box, Rock shrimp stuffing, recipe follows, Corn puree, recipe follows, Red pepper sauce, recipe follows, Chives, chopped, Black beans, whole cooked, Tomato concasse, Goat cheese, Tempura batter, recipe follows, 8 ears corn, grate on hand grater coarse, 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 1 tablespoon cumin, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, Salt and pepper, 2 cups roasted red peppers 3 large peppers, 12 cup chicken or vegetable stock, 12 cup cream, 1 lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon shallots, chopped, 2 cups cooked rock shrimp chop rough, 2 tablespoons chives, 1 large roasted red pepper chopped, 34 cup black beans, cooked, 1 tablespoon cilantro and parsley mix, chopped, 1 cup goat cheese, 34 cup pepper Jack cheese, grated, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Calamari Rellenos, picturelink: null}, 13727: {instructions: Muddle 6 cucumber slices, 14 cup each cilantro and sugar and 2 lime wedges in a large cocktail shaker. Add 5 ounces silver tequila, 4 ounces triple sec and the juice of 2 limes. Fill with ice and shake well. Rub the rims of 2 rocks glasses with lime wedges and dip in coarse salt. Fill with ice strain the margaritas into the glasses. Garnish with cilantro sprigs and cucumber slices.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: CucumberCilantro Margaritas, picturelink: eBtbXXrvJMfgEyZ68mYcOfHhmdPzd2}, 13728: {instructions: In a large pitcher, combine the grape juice, seltzer water, coconut water and lime juice. Pour into 4 icefilled glasses. For a cocktail, add 1 12 ounces rum to each glass., ingredients: [2 cups grape juice, chilled, 2 cups seltzer water, chilled, One 12ounce can coconut water, chilled, 1 lime, juiced, Ice, 6 ounces white rum, optional], title: Coconutty Grape, picturelink: lMssCYPNT5G4QKGsVJbU2CNMxehSa2}, 13729: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine all the ingredients except the halibut. Spoon some of the salsa over the fish and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons capers, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped shallot, Juice of 1 lemon, Salt and pepper, 2 4 to 6ounce halibut fillets, roasted, using your favorite method], title: Roasted Halibut Fillets with Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 13730: {instructions: Special equipment: a large ovensafe bowl a pastry piping bag a small gingerbread man cookie cutternFor the gingerbread: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray a large, ovensafe bowl with nonstick cooking spray.nMix the flour, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, baking soda, cloves and salt in a medium bowl. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat together the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar. Mix in the molasses and egg, and then stir in the flour mixture. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.nRoll out the dough on a floured surface to about 18inch thick. Carefully cover the bowl with the dough, trimming the excess. Roll out the remaining dough and cut out small gingerbread men. Chill the bowl and the gingerbread men in the freezer for 20 minutes.nPlace the bowl and gingerbread men on a sheet tray, and bake until just golden at the edges and no longer translucent looking, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool completely.nFor the cream: In a medium bowl, whisk 12 cup milk into the cornstarch until blended and smooth. Add the egg yolks and whisk until blended, set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the remaining 3 12 cups milk with the granulated sugar. Place over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil, whisking occasionally. Pour threequarters of the hot milk very slowly in a steady stream into the egg mixture, whisking constantly. Then whisk the tempered egg mixture back into the remaining milk in the saucepan and set over medium heat. Bring to a boil, whisking constantly, for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter and vanilla until blended and smooth. Divide the pastry cream among 3 mixing bowls. Add the nutmeg to one bowl. In the next bowl, add the cherry puree and some red gel if using. In the last bowl, add the pistachio paste and some green gel if using. Cover the surface of each pastry cream with plastic wrap. Refrigerate until cooled.nWhip the cream to stiff peaks, then gently fold onethird of the whipped cream into each pastry cream.nFor the icing: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine the confectioners sugar and egg whites. Mix at a slow speed until the mixture is stiff enough to form peaks keep beating until the icing is pure white, fluffy and shiny. Use a rubber spatula to transfer the icing to a pastry bag, and hold it at room temperature until ready to decorate.nTo assemble, use a knife or small offset spatula to remove the gingerbread from the bowl. Cut the tip of the pastry bag of royal icing and pipe festive designs around the outside of the bowl and the gingerbread men. Decorate with candies as desired, then set aside to dry completely. Once dry, fill the bowl with the three creams. Arrange the gingerbread men around the bowl. Serve and enjoy, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 13 cup brown sugar, 13 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup molasses, 1 large egg, 4 cups milk, 12 cup cornstarch, 10 large egg yolks, 1 cup granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, One 4ounce jar amarena cherries, pureed, Red gel color, optional, 2 tablespoons pure pistachio paste, Green gel color, optional, 1 cup heavy cream, very cold, 2 pounds confectioners sugar, 4 to 6 egg whites 12 to 34 cup, Candy, for decorating], title: Gingerbread Boat and Men with Eggnog, Pistachio and Cherry Dip, picturelink: null}, 13731: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan cook bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until crisp and transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Pour off fat and in pan cook onion, carrot, and celery in butter over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened.nSprinkle flour over mixture and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Stir in paprika and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add clam juice, water, and cream and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally.nWhile mixture is coming to a boil, peel potato and cut into 14inch dice. Add potato to mixture and simmer chowder, uncovered, 12 minutes. Make croutons while the mixture is simmering. Stir in scallops and simmer until just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Stir in parsley, bacon, and salt and pepper to taste.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. In a small saucepan melt butter with paprika over moderate heat, stirring. In a bowl toss bread cubes with melted butter. Sprinkle with paprika and toss. Transfer to a baking sheet. Arrange bread in one layer and bake in middle of oven 10 minutes or until deep golden.nServe chowder with paprika croutons., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, chopped, 1 small onion, chopped fine, 1 carrot, chopped fine, 1 celery rib, chopped fine, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon paprika, 8 ounces bottled clam juice, 1 cup water, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 russet baking potato about 12 pound, 34 pound firm scallops, tough muscle from sides removed, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, Salt and pepper, Croutons: recipe below, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon paprika, 1 12 cups bread cubes], title: Scallop Chowder with Paprika Croutons, picturelink: null}, 13732: {instructions: In a large nonstick skillet cook onion and garlic in butter over moderate heat, stirring, until onion is golden. Add bell pepper and cook stirring, 5 minutes. Sprinkle flour over mixture and cook stirring, 2 minutes. Stir in broth, horseradish and Worcestershire sauce and simmer, stirring, 2 minutes. Add corned beef, potatoes, and salt and pepper to taste and cook over moderate heat, turning hash, until browned and crisp, about 15 minutes. Serve hash with fried eggs., ingredients: [1 large onion, cut into 34inch pieces, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 1 green bell pepper, chopped coarse, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 34 cup beef broth, 2 tablespoons beet horseradish, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12pound cooked corned beef from a 3 to 4 pound corned beef brisket, cut into 34inch cubes about 2 cups, 2 russet baking potatoes about 1 pound, cooked, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, Salt and pepper, to taste, Fried eggs, as an accompaniment], title: Corned Beef Hash with Fried Eggs, picturelink: null}, 13733: {instructions: Heat a large, heavy skillet over medium high heat. Cut chicken into large chunks and season with salt and pepper and poultry seasoning. Add 1 tablespoon extravirgin oil to the hot pan, 1 turn in a slow stream. Set chicken into pan and do not turn for 2 or 3 minutes or you will tear the meat. Brown chicken 3 minutes on each side and then remove all of the chicken to a warm plate. Add bell peppers, hot peppers and garlic to the pan. Saute the peppers and garlic for 5 minutes, tossing and turning them frequently. Add wine to the pan and reduce 1 minute. Scrape up the pan drippings. Add the chicken stock and bring it up to a bubble. Set the chicken back into the pan. Toss the parsley with the chicken and peppers and cook the chicken through, 2 or 3 minutes. Scatter a little hot pepper juice over the pan and serve the Scarpariello over a bed of lemon orzo. WOWnCook orzo in salted water about 12 minutes, to al dente. Drain orzo well. Do not run under cold water. You want the cooked pasta to remain hot. Transfer pasta to a serving bowl. Drizzle orzo with a tablespoon of extra virgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Add lemon zest and parsley and toss to combine the flavors with the pasta., ingredients: [1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 2 red bell peppers, seeded and cut into 1inch pieces, 3 hot cherry peppers, drained and chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped or thinly sliced, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup chicken stock or broth, 14 cup chopped Italian flatleaf parsley, a couple of handfuls, 2 tablespoons juice from hot pepper jar, Orzo with Parsley and Lemon Zest, recipe follows, 12 pound orzo, Coarse salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 2 large lemons, zested, Black pepper, 14 cup finely chopped flat leaf parsley, a couple of handfuls], title: Chicken Scarpariello, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 13734: {instructions: Spread the waffle fries or other frozen potatoes on a baking sheet and bake as the label directs. Lightly smash the fries with a spatula and push together to form a circle about the diameter of the bun set aside on the baking sheet keep the oven on.nMeanwhile, cook the bacon in a small nonstick skillet over medium heat, turning, until crisp, about 7 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain break each piece in half. Wipe out the skillet.nLay the cheese slices on the fries and return to the oven until melted, about 2 minutes. Meanwhile, melt the butter in the skillet over medium heat. Add the hot sauce and swirl to combine. Crack the egg into the skillet and cook until it starts setting, about 30 seconds. Season with salt and spoon the butter mixture over the egg white until it starts to turn orangered, about 30 seconds. Cover and cook until the egg white is set, about 1 more minute.nToast the bun and spread with butter. Slide the cheesy waffle fries onto the bottom bun. Top with the bacon, avocado, egg, peppers and the top bun.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [12 cup frozen waffle fries, hash browns or Tater Tots, 2 slices thickcut bacon, 2 slices sharp cheddar cheese, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the bun, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 extralarge egg, Kosher salt, 1 brioche bun, split, Sliced avocado and chopped pickled hot peppers, for topping], title: Loaded Egg Sandwich, picturelink: Pa.9npCb6WvZMjJ5QyYCAgudrFTn3C}, 13735: {instructions: In a large, deep saute pan bring 2 12inches of water to a boil. When the water comes to a boil, lower the heat to a bare simmer. There should only be small, infrequent bubbles on the surface. Add 14 cup vinegar and some salt to the water. Crack 1 egg into a small bowl, making sure the yolk remains unbroken. Gently slip the egg into the simmering water, using a spoon to make sure the egg is completely covered. Repeat with the remaining eggs. Cook to desired degree of doneness, 3 to 5 minutes. When the eggs are done, remove from the water with a slotted spoon. Place on clean paper towels or kitchen towel to drain. Set aside.nIn a small saute pan, cook the bacon until browned and crisp. Remove all but 2 tablespoons of the fat. Add the remaining 12 cup of white wine vinegar and stir, scraping up any browned bits on the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Cook until the vinegar is reduced by half. Add the sugar and cook until it is dissolved. Season with salt and pepper.nPour half of the bacon dressing over the frisee and toss with croutons. Divide the salad among 6 plates. Top each portion with a poached egg and a drizzle of the remaining dressing., ingredients: [14 cup white wine vinegar, plus 12 cup white wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 eggs, 3 slices bacon, chopped, 1 teaspoon sugar, 6 cups frisee, cleaned, Croutons], title: Poached Eggs with Frisee Salad, picturelink: null}, 13736: {instructions: Place the potatoes and 1 tablespoon of salt in a 4quart saucepan with cold water to cover. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer covered for 25 to 35 minutes, until the potatoes are completely tender. Drain.nIn a small saucepan, heat the halfandhalf and butter. Transfer the potatoes to an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix them for a few seconds on low speed to break them up. Slowly add the hot cream and butter to the potatoes, mixing on the lowest speed the last quarter of cream and butter should be folded in by hand. Fold in the sour cream, Parmesan, the remaining salt, and pepper season, to taste, and serve immediately. If the potatoes are too thick, add more hot cream and butter.nKeep the smashed potatoes hot in a heatproof bowl set over simmering water., ingredients: [3 pounds red potatoes, unpeeled, 1 tablespoon kosher salt plus 2 teaspoons, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Parmesan Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 13737: {instructions: Prepare the brisket: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Generously season the brisket with salt and pepper, then coat with the flour in a large bowl. Heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven or ovenproof pot over mediumhigh heat. Brown the brisket on all sides, about 10 minutes. Transfer the meat to a plate.nAdd the onions and 2 teaspoons salt to the pot and cook, stirring, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until the onions are caramelized, about 10 more minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook about 5 more minutes. Add the wine and 1 cup water, scraping up the browned bits from the bottom of the pot. Stir in the sugar. Reduce the heat to maintain a low simmer.nTie the celery, rosemary and bay leaves together with kitchen twine and add to the pot along with the brisket and carrots. Cut a round of parchment paper to fit inside the pot place directly on top of the liquid, then cover with the lid. Transfer to the oven and cook 3 hours, 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the crust: Mince and mash the garlic with 1 teaspoon salt. Coarsely grate the horseradish. Chop the parsley with the horseradish and garlic paste until the mixture is moist.nRemove the pot from the oven, discard the parchment and transfer the meat to a rimmed baking sheet. Increase the oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Brush the top of the brisket with the mustard, then pat with the horseradish mixture. Return the meat to the pot and bake, uncovered, until the crust is golden, 30 to 35 minutes.nTransfer the brisket to a cutting board. Discard the celeryherb bundle and skim the fat from the braising liquid thin the remaining liquid with water, if desired. Slice the meat against the grain. Serve with the carrots, onions and braising liquid.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [5 to 6 pounds pointcut beef brisket, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 to 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 large Spanish onions, cut into thin wedges, 8 cloves garlic, smashed, 34 cup tomato paste, 3 cups 1 bottle fullbodied red wine, 1 teaspoon sugar, 4 leafy inner stalks celery, 2 6to8inch sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 bay leaves, 1 pound carrots, halved crosswise, 1 clove garlic, smashed, Kosher salt, 1 6ounce piece fresh horseradish, peeled, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, 2 to 3 tablespoons dijon mustard], title: HorseradishCrusted Brisket With Carrots, picturelink: c1QNSOms5UG4TjdOn8uAg2l6xrGtfhu}, 13738: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 small ramekinsnPreheat the broiler to low heat.nRub the inside of each ramekin with garlic, and then fill the ramekins halfway with the cheese. Add 1 tablespoon of the white wine and a drop of Madeira to each ramekin. Sprinkle with pepper. Place the ramekins on the top shelf of the oven and broil until the cheese is melted and the tops are golden brown, 5 to 10 minutes.nServe with a fresh baguette and some charcuterie, if desired., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, sliced in half, 1 pound Abondance cheese, rind remove, cut into small cubes, 4 tablespoons dry white wine, Few drops Madeira wine, Freshly ground black pepper, Fresh baguette, for serving, optional, Assorted charcuterie, for serving, optional], title: Trincaz Brothers Berthoud, picturelink: null}, 13739: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, gently mix together the ground beef, Worcestershire, garlic salt, 1 teaspoon salt and 2 teaspoons pepper. Transfer the burger mixture to a lightly greased 9by13inch baking dish, pressing it into a flat layer with your hands. Evenly scatter over the diced onions lightly press the onions into the meat.nBake until the burger is medium rare, 15 to 20 minutes. Let rest for 5 minutes.nGently slide the cooked burger patty out of the baking dish and onto a cutting board or platter leave a few tablespoons of excess burger drippings in the pan. Place the bottom buns into the baking dish. Squirt yellow mustard evenly across the buns.nPlace the burger patty on the buns. Divide the pickles among the sliders. Top with a layer of slightly overlapping cheese slices. Add the bun tops, pressing down on them gently.nBrush the tops of the buns with egg. Sprinkle the chips over the buns.nReturn to the oven and bake until the cheese is melted, another 15 to 20 minutes.nSlice the burgers along the lines of the buns to separate into individual sliders. Scoop out with a spatula. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 white onion, diced, One 12pack Hawaiian rolls, halved, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 12 sandwich pickles, 12 slices American cheese, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 cup barbecueflavored potato chips, crushed], title: The Easiest Cheeseburger Sliders, picturelink: ZaGlR8ycwm8G6N3tCFWuqlXIye1VnhS}, 13740: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 225 degrees F with a rack in the middle of the oven. Grease and flour or line with parchment paper two 8 12 by 4 12inch loaf pans.nIn the bowl of a mixer, combine the brown sugar, salt, eggs, oil, honey, cinnamon, cloves and allspice and mix, using the flat paddle beater at lowmedium speed until well blended, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the water and baking soda and continue mixing until blended.nAdd the flour 1 cup at a time, letting each addition blend before adding the next. Continue beating for about 10 minutes. The batter will be loose, stringy and very, very sticky.nPour the batter into the prepared loaf pans, top with nuts andor fruit, if desired.nBake 2 to 2 12 hours or until done.nRemove to a rack and let cool for 10 to 15 minutes before turning the cakes out of the pans., ingredients: [34 cup packed brown sugar, 13 teaspoon table salt, 13 cup beaten eggs 2 large eggs, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 13 cups dark honey, preferably buckwheat See Cooks Note, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 23 cup water, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 3 13 cups white rye flour, 1 to 2 cups whole or sliced nuts andor glace fruit optional], title: Honey Cake Lekach, picturelink: null}, 13741: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Warm the taco shells on a baking sheet, about 5 minutes.nCrack the eggs into a bowl, add the taco seasoning and whisk well with a fork. Heat a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Melt the butter in the skillet when it foams and bubbles, add the eggs and reduce the heat to low. Cook the eggs, stirring regularly with a wooden spatula to break them up, until set, 3 to 4 minutes.nLine the center of each taco shell with about 2 generous tablespoons of the scrambled eggs. Top with some of the cheese, scallions and lettuce and a spoonful of salsa. Garnish with some chopped tomatoes, and serve with olives and sour cream on the side if using., ingredients: [8 hard corn taco shells, 6 large eggs, 1 teaspoon taco seasoning with salt or chili powder, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup shredded Mexicanstyle cheese blend, 3 or 4 scallions, chopped, 12 cup salsa or taco sauce, 1 cup shredded romaine or iceberg lettuce, 12 cup grape tomatoes, halved or quartered if large, Sliced black olives and sour cream, for serving, optional], title: Kids Can Make: Crunchy Breakfast Tacos, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 13742: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large Dutch oven or heavy pot set over medium heat, cook the bacon, stirring occasionally until crisp, about 5 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to scoop out the bacon and transfer to a papertowellined plate. Reserve the bacon fat in the pot and continue to heat over medium heat. Add the lima beans, corn, broth, onions and garlic, and bring to a simmer. Cook until the vegetables are heated through, about 15 minutes. Stir in the kale and cook until the kale begins to wilt, 3 to 5 minutes, and then add the butter, reserved bacon and some salt and pepper to serve., ingredients: [5 slices applewood smoked bacon, cut into 1by14inch pieces, 6 cups frozen or fresh lima beans, 4 cups frozen or fresh corn kernels, 2 cups chicken broth, 2 cups frozen cipollini onions, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped, 3 cups finely shredded kale or collard greens, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Thanksgiving Succotash, picturelink: XpIgPISpuRLqYW7dfnepTZbCQc6fp1G}, 13743: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the chocolate in a food processor fitted with the blade attachment. Pulse 25 to 30 times or until the chocolate is the consistency of coarse breadcrumbs.nTurn the food processor on and run for 1 minute until the chocolate becomes a mass. Stop the food processor and use a clean spatula to break up the mass, scraping the bottom and sides of the food processor. Leave the chocolate in the food processor for 1 minute without running or pulsing. Scrape down the sides and bottom of the processor after the 1minute rest.nComplete all the steps in the previous paragraph, 3 to 4 times or until the chocolate is smooth, fluid and reaches 90 to 91 degrees F. Do not let the chocolate go above 94 degrees F. If the chocolate is close to but not at 90 degrees, briefly heat with a 10second blast of warm heat from a hair dryer until it reaches the correct temperature.nRemove the food processor bowl from the base and the blade from the bowl. Continue scraping and stirring for 1 minute. Test the temper of the chocolate by spreading a small amount of chocolate in an even layer on a metal surface set over an ice pack. It should set within 3 minutes and be shiny and streakfree.nIf the temper test has some streaks, continue scraping and stirring for another minute and test again. The chocolate should maintain a temperature between 88 and 91 degrees F.nAs the chocolate begins to cool it will set on the sides of the food processor as needed scrape down the sides of the bowl again and briefly heat with a 10second blast of warm heat from a hair dryer until it is once again 91 degrees F.nStir twothirds of the almonds and marshmallow creme into the chocolate just to combine and pour onto a sheet of parchment or a silicone mat set on a half sheet pan inverted over cold packs. Top with the remaining third of the almonds and marshmallow creme. Cool until set, approximately 30 minutes.nBreak into large pieces to serve. Store in an airtight container in a cool, dark place., ingredients: [1 pound 54percent bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 4 ounces roasted, salted almonds, chopped, 2 ounces marshmallow creme], title: Rocky Road Bark, picturelink: 7Qykqsk1kff7H0FiYRWjvK3xnH7Trvu}, 13744: {instructions: Cut the lemon into small cubes. Put all but 1 lemon cube, the basil, and brown sugar together in a glass and muddle until the consistency of a paste or jam. Fill a glass with ice. Pour rum and sweet and sour mix into shaker without ice. Put cap on and shake this blends the spirit with the mixer and creates a froth. Strain into glass and stir. Garnish with small spring of basil and cube of lemon and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 lemon, 4 to 6 large basil leaves, stems removed, 3 to 4 teaspoons natural brown sugar, to taste, Ice cubes, 1 12 ounces flavored rum or flavored vodka recommended: Bacardi Coco Rum or Skyy Vanilla Vodka, 3 ounces sweet and sour mix recommended: Finest Call, Small sprig of basil, for garnish], title: The Serengeti, picturelink: NHdmQgHzTT789Jf30R3nHZcoZz.KBK}, 13745: {instructions: Combine fruit in large bowl. Drizzle in orange juice. Serve., ingredients: [1 cantaloupe, flesh removed with melon baller or cut into chunks, 1 honeydew, flesh removed with melon baller or cut into chunks, 1 pineapple, cut into chunks, 1 quart strawberries, tops removed, 14 cup orange juice], title: Fresh Fruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 13746: {instructions: Combine the sugar, cocoa powder, salt, undissolved yeast and 1 12 cups of the flour in a large bowl. Melt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Add the milk and vanilla and heat until warm 120 to 130 degrees F.nAdd the butter mixture to the dry ingredients. With an electric mixer, mix on medium speed, gradually adding the egg and remaining cup of flour, until smooth and sticky, about 2 minutes. Fold in the chocolate chips and cherries.nLet the batter rest for 10 minutes. Generously grease a 12cup muffin pan. Portion the batter into the pan and let it rise until doubled, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bake the muffins until a toothpick inserted in the center of one comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 14 cup dark cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 packet Fleischmannsu00ae RapidRiseu00ae Yeast, 2 12 cups bread flour, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the pan, 1 14 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 1 cup milk chocolate chips, 23 cup drained canned cherries], title: Soft Chocolate Cherry Bread, picturelink: null}, 13747: {instructions: Boil the edamame according to package directions. Strain and place in a serving bowl. Juice 1 lemon and pour over the top of the beans. Sprinkle with salt and pepper blend. Serve garnished with lemon slices., ingredients: [1 package frozen edamame soybeans, in shell, 2 lemons, 1 tablespoon salt and pepper blend], title: Salted Lemon Edamame, picturelink: null}, 13748: {instructions: Place all dressing ingredients in a blender, blend until smooth. Let stand for 10 minutes, then blend again just before serving.nCombine salad ingredients in a large bowl, toss with dressing and serve., ingredients: [12 bunch cilantro leaves, 34 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup water, 14 cup cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons seasoned rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons wasabi powder, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon miso, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 medium English cucumbers, halved lengthwise, seeded and thinly sliced, 8 plum tomatoes, halved, seeded and sliced, 1 sweet onion, such as Walla Walla, sliced, 4 ounces grated or crumbled feta cheese, 1 bunch cilantro leaves, chopped, 1 sprig basil, chopped], title: Shogun Cucumber Salad, picturelink: 6G1wANIOWcdIVM6oCE86HbqqZguLa}, 13749: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add 1 cubed Japanese eggplant and 3 smashed garlic cloves stirfry until tender, about 5 minutes. Add 1 pint grape tomatoes and cook until softened, about 5 more minutes. Season with salt and a pinch of sugar. Top with a handful of chopped cilantro.nServes: 4 Calories: 110 Total Fat: 7 grams Saturated Fat: 1 gram Protein: 2 grams Total carbohydrates: 12 grams Sugar: 5 grams Fiber: 6 grams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 127 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: StirFried Eggplant, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 13750: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the Cheddar, Monterey Jack, mayonnaise, Parmesan, butter, salt, pepper and seasoned salt.nCut the loaf in half lengthwise, then into thirds or fourths. Evenly spread the cheese mixture onto the bread pieces. Wrap each piece in a foil purse, leaving a little room at the top between the cheese and the foil.nThe bread can either be frozen for later, or baked right away. If baking right away, place on a baking sheet and bake at 350 degrees F for 10 minutes. If cooking from frozen, bake on a baking sheet at 350 degrees F for 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups grated Cheddar, 2 cups grated Monterey Jack, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 stick 4 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 14 teaspoon seasoned salt, 1 crusty French loaf], title: Cheese Toast, picturelink: null}, 13751: {instructions: In a saute pan slowly melt 4 tablespoons of torre sauce. Saute bell peppers and onions. Blanch broccoli and carrots then saute for 2 minutes. Add pasta, al dente heat for 5 minutes, add tomatoes. Place chicken breast on top of pasta. The dish is finally topped with freshly grated Parmesan.nBring butter to room temperature, blend everything together and refrigerate., ingredients: [4 tablespoons of torre sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup green bell peppers, chopped, 14 cup onions, chopped, 14 cup broccoli, 14 cup carrots, julienne, 12 ounces penne pasta, cooked al dente, 14 cup tomatoes, chopped, 4 ounces chicken breast, blackened, Parmesan, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Salt and white pepper, to taste, Pinch granulated onion, 1 teaspoon Cajun spice, 1 tablespoon chopped basil, 2 tablespoons grated Romano], title: Torre Pasta, picturelink: null}, 13752: {instructions: Stir ingredients in a shaker with ice.nStrain into rocks glass.nServe chilled neat and garnished with orange peel., ingredients: [1 oz. Crown Royal Reserve, .5 oz. amaretto, .25 oz. simple syrup, 3 dashes bitters, 1 piece orange peel], title: New Fashioned, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 13753: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a nonstick pan and fry the onion for about 4 minutes, or until the onions are soft. Add the ginger and garlic, and cook for another 40 seconds. Stir in the coriander, red chile powder, garam masala, and salt, to taste, and cook for another 20 seconds then take the pan off the heat. Place the mixture into a large bowl.nAdd the lemon juice, fresh cilantro, crab, egg, and mayonnaise to the onion mixture in the bowl. Stir the ingredients well and add the bread crumbs. Divide the mixture into 8 equal portions and form each into a circular shape.nHeat 1 tablespoon of oil in a nonstick pan and cook the crab cakes in batches over a low, moderate heat for about 2 minutes on each side, or until the crab cakes are golden brown, adding more oil as needed.nPlace the cooked crab cakes on a baking sheet and place them into the oven to stay warm while you cook the others.nFor the tamarind mayonnaise: Place the mayonnaise, milk, tamarind paste, black pepper, salt, to taste, and cilantro into a bowl and whisk together. Adjust the seasonings, to taste.nTo serve the crab cakes, take the warm crab cakes out of the oven, and put them on a plate and serve with a spoonful of the tamarind mayonnaise. Place the fresh lightly dressed salad leaves on the side., ingredients: [4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 Thumbsize piece fresh ginger, peeled, and finely chopped, 2 small cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 14 to 12 teaspoon red chile powder, 1 teaspoon garam masala, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 ounce fresh cilantro leaves and stalks, chopped, 14ounces prepared crab meat, 1 large freerange egg, 2 12 tablespoons mayonnaise, 9 to 10 pieces of thick bread, made into crumbs in a food processor, 3 ounces prepared mayonnaise, 2 ounces or 14 cup milk, 1 tablespoon tamarind paste, or to taste, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt, Handful fresh cilantro leaves and stalks, chopped, Lightly dressed fresh salad leaves, to serve], title: Spiced Crab Cakes with Tamarind Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 13754: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the cavatelli and cook as the label directs. Reserve 14 cup cooking water, then drain.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, 12 teaspoon salt and the red pepper flakes and cook until the garlic is soft but not browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the basil and tomatoes with their juice. Increase the heat to high and cook until the sauce is thickened, about 10 minutes.nAdd the cavatelli and the reserved cooking water to the skillet cook, tossing, until warmed through, 2 to 3 minutes. Divide among bowls and top with the ricotta and pecorino. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces cavatelli pasta, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 34 cup torn fresh basil, 1 28ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 14 cup grated pecorino romano cheese, Freshly ground pepper], title: Cavatelli With Tomato Sauce and Ricotta, picturelink: ABI6ihurnyuo7wMgM.XfZrVDasXSHeG}, 13755: {instructions: Slice the figs lengthwise stemtoflower end, about halfway through, making a little pocket.nPlace 1 split fig onto each piece of prosciutto. Fill the center of the figs with pieces of ricotta salata.nWrap the figs with the prosciutto, making a decorative flower.nPlace the wrapped figs on a platter covered with salad greens, ingredients: [12 figs, fresh or dried, washed and trimmed, 6 thin slices prosciutto, halved crosswise into 12 short, thick pieces, 14 pound ricotta salata, cut into small triangles 1inch long, Mixed salad greens, washed, dried, and picked over], title: Stuffed and Wrapped Figs, picturelink: HsjGfqzOu6zefbpyoeLCdM3bF48HEJG}, 13756: {instructions: In a sieve lined with cheesecloth, let the yogurt drain, set over a bowl, covered and chilled, for 6 hours. Pour the liquid from the bowl and in the bowl stir together the drained yogurt, the cucumbers, squeezed dry between paper towels, the snipped dill, the garlic, the oil, the lemon juice, and salt to taste. Let the dip stand, covered and chilled, for at least 2 hours and up to 8 hours to allow the flavors to develop. Stir the dip, garnish it with the dill sprigs, and serve it with pita wedges.nWine Suggestions: A rose from the Languedoc Valley in Southern France, most recent vintage available or Boutari Red Noussa Reserve, Greece, most recent vintage available, ingredients: [2 8ounce containers plain yogurt, 1 pound cucumber, peeled, seeded, and chopped finely, 2 teaspoons snipped fresh dill plus dill sprigs for garnish, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Salt, Pita wedges, as an accompaniment], title: Cucumber Yogurt Dip, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 13757: {instructions: Whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.nCombine the butter, peanut butter and brown sugar in another medium bowl. Beat with an electric mixer until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the flour mixture and blend until just combined. Shape the dough into a log: Place it onto a piece of plastic wrap about 18 inches long. Use your hands to pat the dough into a log about 7 inches long and 2 inches around. Roll the plastic wrap around the dough. Twist both ends of the wrap, like a candy, and tighten both sides until the dough log is compact and tightly wrapped this might cause the dough to shrink down to a 6inch log instead of a 7inch log, but that is okay. Tuck the twisted ends under the dough and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours.nWhen ready to bake the cookies, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and arrange 2 racks in the middle of the oven. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Remove the plastic wrap from the dough and use a sharp knife to slice the dough into 18inchthick rounds. Place the rounds about 1 inch apart on the baking sheets, about 12 cookies per baking sheet. Press a halved peanut into the center of each cookie. If the dough is still very cold, it might crack slightly around the peanut. Simply use your finger to lightly push the dough back together.nBake the cookies until the edges are very lightly browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Halfway through cooking, rotate the baking sheets front to back and top to bottom.nCool the cookies slightly on the baking sheets for 5 minutes, and then transfer to a cooling rack and cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 13 cup smooth peanut butter, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 peanuts, halved], title: Slice and Bake Peanut Butter Sandies, picturelink: JVct5roFn2vH7heRifQSCH2iJ0QuxjO}, 13758: {instructions: In a small glass bowl, combine the shrimp, chile, parsley, and lime juice. Add a pinch each of salt and pepper and toss together. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve.nIn a large heavy saucepan heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, for 4 to 5 minutes, or until softened and slightly golden. Add the corn and cook for 2 minutes more. Add the milk and heat to just under simmering. Transfer the mixture to a blender and add the bread, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. In batches if necessary, blend for 2 to 3 minutes, until you have a smooth puree, scraping down the sides of the container as necessary. Transfer to a large saucepan and stir to blend all the ingredients evenly. Over medium heat, bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and ladle into warm soup bowls. Garnish each bowl with a mound of the shrimp salsa., ingredients: [12 small cooked shrimp, cut into 14inch dice, 2 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded, and minced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, Juice of 2 limes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, sliced, 2 cups fresh corn kernels 3 to 4 ears, or use canned, 4 cups milk, 1 thick slice country white bread, crust removed and cut into 1inch chunks], title: Sopa de Milho Corn Soup, picturelink: null}, 13759: {instructions: Heat the oil in a soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and render 2 to 3 minutes, then remove to a plate. Add the potatoes, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and cook partially covered until lightly browned, a few minutes. Add the paprika, garlic, bay leaves and onions, and cook 5 minutes more stirring occasionally. Wilt the kale into the pot, then add the stock, tomatoes and chickpeas. Add the chorizo back to the pot. Bring the soup to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes or so. Serve with the Portuguese rolls drizzled with some oil.nGet Rachaels shopping list for this episodes recipes here., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus some for drizzling, One 12 to 16ounce package Spanish chorizo, halved and cut into 1inch half moons, 2 large or 3 medium starchy potatoes, peeled and cut into quarters lengthwise and then 1inch slices, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika 13 palmful, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 bay leaves, 1 large onion, quartered lengthwise then sliced 14inch thick, 1 bundle Tuscan kale, stemmed and thinly sliced or chopped, 4 cups chicken stock, One 28ounce can stewed tomatoes, One 14.5ounce can chickpeas, drained, 4 Portuguese rolls, toasted], title: Chorizo Stew with Kale, picturelink: null}, 13760: {instructions: Cook sausages as directed on package. Cover to keep warm.nMeanwhile, make pancakes as directed on box, using 2 cups pancake mix and 1 12 cups water.nWrap each pancake around a sausage place seam side down on serving platter. Sprinkle with powdered sugar. Serve with maple syrup., ingredients: [12 fully cooked turkey sausage links, 2 cups Fiber One Complete pancake mix from 28.3oz box, 1 12 cups cold water, Powdered sugar, if desired, 1 cup mapleflavored syrup], title: Pancake RollUps, picturelink: n8p6E8C1IMx8cBzoxgyWfDQj3oAyb2}, 13761: {instructions: To make the rouille, in a small saucepan, bring the wine to a simmer and reduce it by half. Set aside. In a food processor, combine the roasted pepper, Tabasco, potato, garlic, salt and pepper and process until almost smooth. Do not over process or the potato will become gummy. Add the olive oil and vinegar in a thin stream while the machine is running, then transfer the mixture to a bowl. Just before serving, heat the reduced wine slightly and beat it into the rouille, drop by drop, to loosen it. Bring a medium saucepan of lightly salted water to a boil. Add the whole potatoes and simmer for 10 minutes.nDrain well, cut in half, and set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Heat a heavy 12 inch skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium high heat and add half the olive oil. Sear the onion slices until almost charred, pressing them down with the back of a spatula and turning to the other side when blackened.nSeparate the onions into rings and add the garlic and rosemary. Cook, stirring frequently, for 1 minute. Transfer the vegetables to a plate and wipe the pan with a paper towel. Add the remaining olive oil and, again over medium high heat, lightly season and then sear the monkfish tails, turning with tongs to be sure all sides brown evenly. Return the onion mixture to the skillet around the fish and add the potatoes. Season generously with salt and pepper. The fish should not be crowded or it will steam rather than roast. Transfer the skillet to the oven and roast for about 15 minutes, or until the fish is cooked through and the potatoes are tender. Serve the rouille on the side., ingredients: [12 cup dry white wine, 12 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and roasted see Note, 3 dashes Tabasco, 1 medium potato, peeled, halved, and boiled until tender, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons fruity olive oil, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 4 small white or red rose potatoes, unpeeled, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium onion, cut into 1 inch slices, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 12 pounds monkfish tails, on the bone, skin and membranes removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Monkfish with Rouille, picturelink: null}, 13762: {instructions: Peel and devein shrimp and reserve shells. In a small saucepan simmer shells in water 15 minutes and pour shrimp broth through a sieve into a large measuring cup. Discard shells.nWhile shells are simmering, in a bowl combine shrimp, lime juice, and salt, to taste, and chill, covered.nIn a large saucepan cook garlic, pepper and onion in oil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Drain, seed, and chop tomatoes.nAdd flour to onion mixture and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in tomatoes, coconut milk, and 2 cups shrimp broth reserving remainder for another use if desired and simmer, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are soft, about 20 minutes. Add shrimp to vegetable mixture and simmer, stirring occasionally, until shrimp are just cooked through, about 3 minutes.nSprinkle shrimp mixture with scallions and cilantro and serve over rice., ingredients: [1 12 pounds large shrimp about 28, 1 quart water, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Salt, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 2 medium onions, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cups canned whole tomatoes, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups wellstirred canned unsweetened coconut milk, 12 cup sliced scallion greens, 12 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro sprigs, Serving suggestions: cooked rice.], title: Shrimp Braised in Coconut Milk, picturelink: null}, 13763: {instructions: Cover the berries with the cold water and soak them overnight. This will increase their volume threefold. Drain and place in a lidded pot. Add 2 cups cold water or chicken broth, one teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Cover and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook between 1 and 1 14 hours, until the berries are tender and have absorbed all the liquid. They will, however, still retain some crunch.nSaute the onion in the butter until translucent. Add the curry powder and cook, stirring, to toast the curry powder and coat the onion evenly, about 1 to 2 minutes over low heat. Add the cooked wheat berries and combine well. Stir in 14 cup water. Put a lid on the pot, and steam over medium heat for 10 minutes. Stir in the coconut milk, adjust the seasoning and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup wheat berries, 2 cups cold water for soaking, 2 cups cold water or chicken broth for a richer flavor, 1 teaspoon salt, plus additional to taste, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus additional to taste, 1 onion, peeled and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons coconut milk], title: Wheat Berries with Onion and Curry, picturelink: null}, 13764: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the clams and 1 cup of water in a large pot. Cover and place over a high heat and cook the clams for 6 to 7 minutes. Uncover and remove the open clams.Cover the pot again and continue cooking the clams that havent opened yet. Cook the clams for another 2 to 3 minutes. Turn off the heat and discard any clams that have not opened. Strain the liquid from the pot through a mesh strainer lined with a coffee filter and reserve.nCoarsely chop the clams and reserve.nDrizzle a few drops of olive oil into the bottom of the clam pot and toss in the bacon. Bring the pan to a medium heat. When the bacon has let off a lot of fat and become brown and crispy, toss in the onions and season lightly with salt. Cook the onions until they are very soft and aromatic but have no color, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the potatoes and cook for another 5 minutes.nSprinkle the flour over the onions and potato mixture and stir to combine. Gradually whisk in the reserved clam juice. When the clam juice has been whisked in and there are no lumps, whisk in the milk and heavy cream and toss in the bay leaves and thyme. Taste for seasoning and adjust if needed. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer and simmer until the potatoes are cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes.nToss in the reserved clams. Taste and reseason if needed and add hot sauce if using., ingredients: [4 dozen little neck or cherry stone clams, scrubbed, 4 thick slices bacon, cut into lardons, 1 large onions, cut into 14 inch dice, Kosher salt, 112 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 12 inch dice, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 12 cups whole milk, 1 bundle of thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 to 2 shakes hot sauce, optional recommended: Tabasco, Extravirgin olive oil], title: New England Clam Chowder, picturelink: NLKfzIlbknzb4GOs0lVsDzHsn0LoOy}, 13765: {instructions: Cut the avocados into quarters. Remove the seeds, peel and place in a mixing bowl. Mash with a potato masher or fork until chunky. Add the remaining ingredients and combine with a fork. Mound on a bed of shredded lettuce and garnish with sliced tomatoes. Sprinkle with the black pepper garnish. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 ripe avocados, preferably Haas, 1 4 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 small red onion, diced, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Shredded lettuce, 2 tomatoes, sliced], title: Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 13766: {instructions: Remove black skin from sole and then cut off tail and head. Measure butter. Chop parsley finely. Season fish with salt and pepper and lightly coat in flour. Place 14 cup of fresh butter in a pan on a moderate heat and when hot add the fish  cook 2 minutes on each side. Place parsley in tea towel  dampen tea towel and ring out excess moisture. Place sole after filleting onto a serving dish. Sprinkle with dampened parsley. Add the rest of the butter and lemon juice to pan. Heat until just browned and pour over the fish. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 sole, cleaned, 12 cup fresh butter, Handful chopped parsley, Salt and black pepper, Flour, to coat, 1 lemon, juiced], title: SOLE MEUNIERE, picturelink: 6G1wANIOWcdIVM6oCE86HbqqZguLa}, 13767: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the spinach, feta, ricotta, scallions, parsley and garlic in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Cut the Brie in half through the equator. Place the filling in the center of the cheese and top with the other half.nLay 1 sheet of phyllo onto a work surface and brush with butter. Lay another sheet down and turn it slightly, keeping the center point. Brush with butter. Repeat to make a complete wheel with the last sheet. Brush with butter. Place the cheese wheel in the center of the phyllo and wrap the phyllo, twisting the top vertically. Some pieces may crumble.nBrush with more butter and transfer to a roasting rack on a baking sheet. Bake until caramelized, about 20 minutes. Allow to rest on a cooling rack for another 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 cup thawed frozen spinach, squeezed of excess water using a clean towel, 14 cup crumbled feta, 14 cup ricotta cheese, 14 cup thinly sliced scallions, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, One 12 to 14ounce wheel Brie cheese, 3 frozen phyllo dough sheets 18 by 14 inches, thawed, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Baked Brie Spanakopita, picturelink: 5JBKz3NmXa8W8Tnz9Pk18uL4NZtS}, 13768: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nButter an 8 12 by 4 12inch loaf pan set aside. In a small bowl, combine dates and baking soda and pour boiling water over them. Let sit until water is cool.nWith a wooden spoon, beat butter and sugar until combined. Add the egg and vanilla and mix well. Add the flour and beat to combine. Stir in the dates with their soaking liquid and walnuts. Scrape into prepared pan. Bake until a cake tester inserted in center comes out clean, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pans, 1 cup chopped dried dates, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup boiling water, 12 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup coarsely chopped walnuts], title: DateNut Bread, picturelink: null}, 13769: {instructions: Remove the yolks from the eggs. Mash the yolks, then mix them with the sour cream, chives, lemon juice, and wasabi. Fill this mixture decoratively back into the whites. Top with salmon caviar and garnish with the chives., ingredients: [6 hard boiled eggs, halved, 14 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons chives, plus more, for garnish, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 teaspoon wasabi powder or dry mustard, 4 ounces salmon caviar], title: Caviar Stuffed Eggs, picturelink: null}, 13770: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all ingredients in a glass with ice cubes., ingredients: [3 limes, juiced, Lemonlime seltzer, Superfine sugar, to taste], title: Limeade, picturelink: 49ZeWfvG99JwhYfm3uBME7emmF4aW}, 13771: {instructions: 1. HEAT oven to 350 degrees F.n2. COMBINE olive oil and oats. Let stand 5 minutes. Stir in cake mix, eggs and vanilla until well blended. Fold in nuts. Form into 1inch balls and place about 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheet.n3. BAKE 8 minutes or until set. Cool on cookie sheet 1 minute. Remove cookies to cooling rack. Roll in powdered sugar while still slightly warm., ingredients: [Powdered sugar, 12 cup Criscou00ae Light Olive Oil, 1 14 cups quick rolled oats, 1 18.25 oz. package Pillsburyu00ae White Cake, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons clear vanilla, 12 cup finely chopped walnuts], title: Snowball Cookies, picturelink: QEpFGGmwzgBOoD44xxRhf0irV22jy7.}, 13772: {instructions: In a champagne glass combine Champagne, plum wine and cranberry juice. Garnish with a gumdrop., ingredients: [2 parts Champagne, 1 part plum wine, Splash cranberry juice, Gumdrops, for garnish], title: Sugar Plum Fairy, picturelink: null}, 13773: {instructions: Stir sugar, vinegar, lemon juice and red pepper flakes together in a small saucepan, bring to a boil. Add half of the chopped apples, cover pan and reduce heat cook gently until apples are very soft. Mash them with a potato masher until practically smooth. Stir in oregano and remaining chopped apples. Refrigerate. Serve chilled with grilled sausage., ingredients: [2 8 ounce packages chicken and turkey sausage, grilled, 1 8 ounce package Italian sweet sausage, grilled, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 sweet apples Golden Delicious, peeled, cored, and chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, minced 1 teaspoon dried], title: Sausage with Apple Salsa, picturelink: null}, 13774: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together rice wine vinegar, sesame oil, lime juice, honey, and cayenne. Set aside.nToast sesame seeds in a dry pan, over medium heat for 3 minutes, or until lightly browned.nIn a large bowl, combine remaining ingredients and toss thoroughly. Then toss with dressing.nServe immediately or refrigerate.nJust before serving, toss with sesame seeds reserving a few to sprinkle overtop.nNote: Do not prepare more than a couple of hours in advance because the color of the cabbage will seep into the other ingredients., ingredients: [14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper Optional this meal already has lots of spice, so you might want to lay off it in this recipe. However, if you are serving psychedelic coleslaw with any other meal, the cayenne provides a nice kick., 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 2 carrots, peeled and coarsely grated, 13 head red cabbage looks purple to me, cored, then cut crosswise into the narrowest ribbons possible and separated, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeds and membranes removed, then sliced lengthwise into the thinnest strips possible, 1 red pepper, seeds and membranes removed, then sliced lengthwise into the thinnest strips possible, 12 mediumsize sweet onion, finely sliced, rings separated, 1 12 tablespoons finely grated or minced fresh gingerroot, peeled first, 1 cup lightly packed cilantro leaves, stems discarded before measuring, chopped, 14 daikon, optional a large white Japanese radish available in some grocery stores peeled and coarsely grated], title: Psychedelic Coleslaw, picturelink: null}, 13775: {instructions: Heat a large pot over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil and onions, stirring often until softened. Add the beef and brown, pouring off the excess fat if desired. Stir in 1 cup water, the chili powder, cumin and salt. Add another cup water and mix thoroughly. Cook on mediumhigh for 30 minutes, then add the saffron.nSimmer uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the meat is tender and the sauce is reduced and thickened, 1 12 to 2 hours. Cover and let cool to room temperature and then blend thoroughly in a food processor. Top the hot dogs with the chili and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 yellow onion, chopped, 4 pounds ground grassfed beef, 8 teaspoons chili powder, 4 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons salt, Pinch saffron, 20 cooked hot dogs in buns], title: Wild Bills Hot Dog Chili, picturelink: null}, 13776: {instructions: In a 1 12quart heavy saucepan cook shallots in oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened. Add mustard seeds and cook, stirring occasionally, 1 minute. Stir in rice, salt, and water and bring to a boil. Stir rice once and cook, covered, over very low heat 15 minutes. Remove pan from heat and let pilaf stand, covered, 5 minutes. Fluff pilaf with a fork and stir in scallions., ingredients: [2 shallots, sliced thin, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 1 cup jasmine or longgrain white rice, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 cups water, 14 cup thinly sliced scallion greens], title: Jasmine Rice Pilaf with Mustard Seeds, picturelink: null}, 13777: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water.nIn a blender, combine the almonds, chicken stock, olive oil, and garlic. Blend until the mixture is smooth. Pour the mixture into a large skillet and turn the heat on to medium. Bring the mixture to a boil and cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the chicken, peas, cream and lemon zest. Cook, stirring frequently until the chicken is heated through, about 4 minutes mixture will be thick. Season with salt and pepper, to tastenPut the cooked pasta into a serving bowl and add 12 cup of the Parmesan. Toss together until the pasta is coated. Add the chicken mixture, the remaining cheese and the basil. Toss the ingredients together, adding the reserved pasta water, as needed, to loosen the sauce. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 pound penne pasta, 2 cups 9 ounces blanched, slivered almonds, 2 12 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 2 storebought, rotisserie chicken breasts, skinned, boned and cut into 12inch cubes about 2 cups, 1 cup frozen petite peas, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 large lemon, zested, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups grated Parmesan, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Penne in Almond Sauce, picturelink: H2R6O5Na49jHMIL0kBYSBV5hNPhZdy}, 13778: {instructions: First prepare the tomatillo guacamole, cilantrolime rice, and mango salsa and set aside.nRemove the tough ligament from the side of each scallop and discard. Pat the scallops dry with a paper towel to remove excess moisture. Season both sides of each scallop with salt, and cumin.nIn a large cast iron skillet, melt butter over mediumhigh heat. Allow the skillet to get as hot as possible without burning the butter.nSear the scallops, turning once, until golden brown on each side, and just cooked through, about 35 minutes total. Transfer to a platter and quarter.nTo assemble, toast corn tortillas, if desired, over an open flame just until slightly charred. Fill each tortilla with 2 tablespoons rice, 1 tablespoon guacamole, 1 seared and quartered scallop, and top with mango salsa. Repeat with remaining ingredients.nTo make guacamole:nCombine the tomatillos, cilantro, avocado, onion, jalapeno, garlic, lime juice, cumin, and salt in a food processor or blender and pulse until combined.nTo make the rice:nIn a small saucepan, bring the rice, cilantro, broth, rice, and lime juice to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover and cook for 20 minutes, or until the rice is tender. Remove the cilantro sprigs and serve.nTo make the salsa:nCombine the mango, tomatoes, minced onion, cilantro, chile, lime zest, and lime juice in a small bowl. Allow the flavors to macerate. Serve as a garnish for the cumin seared scallop tacos., ingredients: [Tomatillo Guacamole, recipe follows, CilantroLime Rice, recipe follows, Mango Salsa, recipe follows, 1 14 pounds large sea scallops about 8, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 to 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 6inch corn tortillas, 6 to 8 tomatillos, husked and coarsely chopped about 8 ounces, 34 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and diced, 12 onion, coarsely chopped, 12 jalapeno, coarsely chopped with seeds, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and quartered, Juice of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup rice, 5 sprigs fresh cilantro, 1 cup chicken broth, Juice of 1 lime, 12 cup diced mango, 12 cup diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons minced onion, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 teaspoons minced Serrano chile, Zest and juice of 1 lime], title: CuminSeared Scallop Tacos, picturelink: 0i2R4bxhsAq.MyCVhK2UemyM88Rn5Hi}, 13779: {instructions: Melt the lard in a large deep saucepan over moderate heat. Add the pork, salt and pepper, and simmer until tender, being careful not to crisp the meat, about 1 hour and 10 minutes. Remove the pork with a slotted spoon and set aside to cool. Reserve the lard for future use. When cool enough to handle, shred the meat by hand or with the tines of a fork. Remove and discard any remaining fat. Transfer to a medium saucepan, add the Arbol Salsa and cook over moderate heat, stirring frequently, 5 to 8 minutes. Carnitas can be kept in the refrigerator up to 5 days and reheated before assembling the tacos.nFor Carnitas tacos, dip 24 small corn tortillas in water, shaking off excess. Toast one at a time in a nonstick pan over moderate heat about 1 minute per side. Wrap in a towel to keep warm. For each taco, stack 2 tortillas and layer with warm carnitas, Salsa Fresca, chopped cilantro and avocado slices or simply chopped onion and cilantro., ingredients: [2 pounds lard, 2 12 pounds pork butt, trimmed and cut into 2inch cubes, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup Chile de Arbol Salsa, recipe follows, Corn Tortillas, recipe follows, Salsa Fresca, recipe follows], title: Carnita Tacos, picturelink: null}, 13780: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a saucepan, bring the milk and butter to a boil. Meanwhile, with a whip attachment beat the eggs 5 to 7 minutes until light and very fluffy. Add the sugar and vanilla and mix well, then gradually add the flour. Drizzle in the hot milk, then add baking powder. Pour it into a greased 9inch cake pan with parchment paper lining the bottom. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes Let cool in the pan on a wire rack then use a blunt knife to go around the edge of the pan to loosen it. Turn it out onto a cutting board and carefully slice it in half horizontally.nTo make the filling: Place the ricotta and sugar in a food processor and pulse to blend and make it smooth. Fold in candied fruit, if you are using it. Chill until ready to use.nTo make the syrup: In a small saucepan boil the water and sugar together. Let cool then add the orange liqueur.nTo assemble the cassata: Butter a 9inch pie plate and line it with plastic wrap with some hanging over the edge. Place the green marzipan strip around the edge of the pan on the sloping sides, over lapping at where the ends come together. Trim 1 layer of cake to fit into the bottom of the pie pan and place it in. Brush it with half the syrup. Spread the cake layer with ricotta filling. Brush the second layer of cake with the remaining syrup and flip it onto the ricotta filling. Press down lightly to secure it. Cover it with plastic wrap and chill at least 2 hours or overnight.nTo serve, uncover the cassata and flip it onto a serving platter. Peel the plastic wrap off the top and dust it heavily with powdered sugar. Decorate with whole candied fruit or fruit shaped marzipan. Serve in wedges., ingredients: [12 cup milk, 14 cup butter, 2 eggs, 1 cups sugar, 1 teaspoons vanilla, 1 cups flour, 1 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 pounds or 3 cups whole milk ricotta, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup chopped moist candied fruit, optional, 12 cup water, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, Wide strips of light green marzipan, Powdered sugar, Candied whole fruit or fruit shaped marzipan], title: Cassata, picturelink: null}, 13781: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker filled with ice, add tequila, raspberry liqueur, lime juice, and margarita mix. Shake and strain into 4 shot glasses., ingredients: [Ice, 3 shots silver tequila, 1 shot raspberry liqueur, 1 splash lime juice, 1 splash strawberry margarita mix], title: Red Light Shooter, picturelink: null}, 13782: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a small pitcher, pour into 2 large glasses filled with ice and garnish with celery spears and slivers of jalapenos., ingredients: [20 ounces tomato juice, 6 ounces vodka, 2 dashes Bobby Flays Hot Sauce, 1 dash Worcestershire sauce, Pinch celery salt, Pinch black pepper, 1 lemon, juiced, Ice, Celery spears, for garnish, 1 jalapeno pepper, slivered, for garnish], title: Mesa Grills Spicy Bloody Mary, picturelink: null}, 13783: {instructions: Beat the eggs, add the cream, salt, cinnamon and vanilla. Submerge the bread slices in the egg mixture for 5 minutes. Lay both sides of the bread in the almonds to coat. Heat the butter in a heavy pan until the foam subsides, then add the slices of bread. Cook over low flame until delicately brown. Sprinkle with powdered sugar, garnish with sliced fruit and serve hot., ingredients: [6 eggs, 1 cup cream, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 12 slices thick bread, 2 cups coarsely ground almonds, 2 tablespoons butter, Powdered sugar, Sliced seasonal fruit], title: Pain Perdu, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 13784: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: If harissa cannot be found, substitute 1 tablespoon of tomato paste plus 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper.nIn a large saucepan or Dutch oven, cook the onions in the butter over medium heat until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and chorizo to the onions and cook until the sausage loses its raw color, about 5 minutes. Add the harissa and red pepper flakes, and then turn up the heat to high.nOnce fragrant, deglaze the pan with the wine, allowing to bubble for a minute. Lower the heat to medium, add the chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Add the prepped mussels and cover to steam until the mussels open, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the cream and stir. Serve immediately with plenty of sliced French bread for dipping., ingredients: [1 medium onion, chopped, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 8 ounces fresh chorizo, removed from casing, 1 tablespoon harissa, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 34 cup white wine, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 2 to 3 pounds fresh mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 12 cup heavy cream, French bread, for dipping], title: Spicy Mussels with Chorizo and Wine, picturelink: RFlvm6bFX6ZQbwoQAqpJOjNev6zB64m}, 13785: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Spread seeds on prepared baking sheet in a single layer. Sprinkle with salt. Transfer to oven and bake until you can smell them in the oven, about 45 minutes. Let cool before serving. Store in an airtight container, at room temperature, for up to 1 week., ingredients: [Seeds from 1 large pumpkin, pulp removed, Coarse salt], title: Pumpkin Seed Good Thing, picturelink: null}, 13786: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 4 cups of the milk in a large saucepan over medium heat until steaming.nMeanwhile, whisk the sugar, hot chocolate mix, cornstarch and salt in a large bowl. Whisk in the egg yolks and remaining 12 cup milk.nSlowly add half of the hot milk to the egg mixture, whisking constantly until smooth. Gradually whisk the eggmilk mixture into the remaining hot milk in the saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat, whisking constantly. Continue to cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture has thickened to a puddinglike consistency, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the vanilla.nLet the pudding cool slightly, stirring a few times to prevent a skin from forming. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the pudding and refrigerate until it has completely cooled and thickened, about 4 hours.nBefore serving, whisk the pudding vigorously until its smooth and creamy. Spoon into serving bowls and top with dollops of whipped cream and a sprinkling of hot chocolate mix., ingredients: [4 12 cups whole milk, 34 cup sugar, 23 cup hot chocolate or cocoa mix, plus more for sprinkling, 13 cup cornstarch, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 5 large egg yolks, beaten, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Whipped cream, for topping], title: Hot Chocolate Pudding, picturelink: PRVJ93L7aGVDAhrO4LgFq.LEX7wNKy}, 13787: {instructions: Put the garlic, pine nuts, serrano and some salt in a mortar and pestle and mash to a chunky, pestolike consistency. Add the cilantro and continue to mash the pesto should be very coarse.nPut the avocados and lime juice in a bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Gently fold in the pesto until just combined, being careful not to mash the avocado too much., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 serrano chile, seeded and roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 2 ripe Hass avocados, halved, pitted and diced, 2 tablespoons lime juice], title: Avocado Relish with Cilantro Pesto, picturelink: null}, 13788: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 9x13inch baking pan with cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, combine dry cake mix and 112 packets of the cider mix. Add apple juice, 14 cup of the apple butter, the oil, and eggs beat with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds. Scrape down sides of bowl beat on medium speed for 2 minutes. Pour into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, toss walnuts and dried apples with the remaining 12 packet cider mix set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine cream cheese, the remaining 34 cup apple butter, the brown sugar, and flour beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth.nRemove pan from oven. Pour cream cheese mixture over partially baked cake. Sprinkle walnut and apple mixture on top. Return to oven bake for 20 to 25 minutes more. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Cut into bars., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable cooking spray, PamR, 1 package 18.25ounce spice cake mix, Betty CrockerR, 2 packets 0.74 ounce each spiced cider drink mix, AlpineR, 1 14 cups apple juice, Tree TopR, 1 cup apple butter, 12 cup vegetable oil, CriscoR, 3 eggs, 34 cup chopped walnuts, DiamondR, 12 cup dried sliced apples, chopped, MarianiR, 1 package 8ounce cream cheese, softened, PhiladelphiaR, 14 cup packed brown sugar, CHR, 14 cup allpurpose flour], title: Apple Butter Spice Bars, picturelink: sAEkoT.Q7hBEEo2bUNzQnsPPOhwgfm}, 13789: {instructions: Heat cream in a pot until it begins to simmer.nPlace chocolate in a bowl and pour in hot cream. Stir until chocolate is fully melted. Add Grand Marnier.nTransfer molten chocolate to the fondue pot over lowest possible flame. Place fondue pot in the center of the table, along with assorted dipping goodies and let guests dive in., ingredients: [12 ounces semisweet chocolate, cut into small bits, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 ounces Grand Marnier, Some or all of the following: Cherries, strawberries, kiwi, rambutan, raisins, pineapple, cashews, bananas, marshmallows, ladyfingers, etc.], title: Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: null}, 13790: {instructions: For the hotdipped chicken: In a shallow baking dish or large freezer bag, combine the chicken and buttermilk. Cover or seal and let soak in the refrigerator overnight.nFor the cool cucumber salad: Combine the vinegar, sugar and 12 cup water in a pan and bring to boil over mediumhigh heat. Pour over the cucumbers and onions in a heatproof container. Add the tarragon and salt, and gently toss. Refrigerate for several hours before serving.nHeat some vegetable oil in a large castiron skillet until the oil registers 350 degrees F on a deepfrying thermometer.nRemove the chicken from the buttermilk and dredge it in flour. Add the chicken to the hot oil and cook, flipping once, until the chicken is golden brown and a meat thermometer registers 165 degrees F, about 20 minutes. Drain the chicken on paper towels.nMix the maple syrup, sambal and hot sauce in a bowl. Dip the chicken into the hot sauce mixture to coat well.nTop each garlic Texas toast with some cucumber salad and a hotdipped chicken breast., ingredients: [Four 8ounce skinon, boneless chicken breasts, 4 cups buttermilk, Vegetable oil, for frying, Selfrising flour, for dredging, 12 cup maple syrup, 2 tablespoons sambal, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 1 cup white vinegar, 34 cup sugar, 2 English cucumbers, thinly sliced into half moons, 1 small Vidalia onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 slices garlic Texas toast], title: HotDipped Chicken, picturelink: null}, 13791: {instructions: For the lamb: Whisk together 1 cup oil, the fennel seeds and thyme. Add the lamb to the marinade and let sit until ready to cook.nnFor the romesco sauce: Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Roast the garlic by placing the cloves on a baking sheet and drizzle a bit of olive oil on top. Roast until the garlic is soft, 20 minutes. Toast the almonds and hazelnuts in a frying pan. Remove and set aside. Pour a few tablespoons of the olive oil into a frying pan and quickly fry the bread until both sides are browned. Remove and let cool on a plate or paper towel. Saute the tomatoes in the same pan, adding oil if needed, for 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat. Once the bread is cool, add to a food processor with the nuts and tomatoes and blend. Add the roasted garlic along with the piquillo and roasted peppers and process on high for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the vinegar and pepper flakes. While the processor is running, slowly drizzle in the remaining oil. Add salt and black pepper to taste.nnFor cooking the lamb: Turn the oven to 450 degrees F. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large heavy ovenproof skillet over high heat. Sear the rack of lamb for 1 to 2 minutes on all sides. Set aside for a few minutes, and cover the ends of the bones with foil to prevent charring. Arrange the rack boneside down in the skillet. Roast the lamb for 12 to 18 minutes, depending on the degree of doneness you want, checking the temperature with a meat thermometer. Let it rest for 5 to 7 minutes, loosely covered.nnFor the couscous: Bring the chicken stock to a boil, and then add the saffron and salt and pepper to taste. Pour the hot stock over the couscous, cover and let stand for 10 minutes prior to serving.nnFor the zucchini: Saute the zucchini with the garlic and salt and pepper to taste.nnTo serve, carve each rack between the bone into 3 pieces and arrange vertically with the romesco sauce underneath. Stack the zucchini between lamb with the couscous on the side. Garnish with garbanzo beans., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons for searing, 1 ounce crushed whole fennel seeds, 1 ounce finely chopped fresh thyme, 2 domestic lamb racks, 3 bones each, cleaned and frenched, 8 cloves garlic, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup sliced blanched almonds, 14 cup hazelnuts, 2 slices stale brioche bread, 2 vineripe medium tomatoes, quartered, 2 piquillo peppers, 2 large roasted red peppers, 12 cup red wine or sherry wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 cups chicken stock, 1 pinch saffron, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup couscous, 1 large zucchini, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 clove garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Garbanzo beans, cooked, for garnish], title: Roasted Rack of Lamb with Sauce Romesco, picturelink: null}, 13792: {instructions: Place a pot of water on the stove to boil for pasta. When the water boils, salt it and cook pasta to al dente, with a bite to it. Prick sausages with a fork. Place chicken sausages in a large skillet and add 1 inch of water. Add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil to the skillet, 1 turn of the pan. Bring water to a boil then reduce heat a little. Allow all the liquid to cook away then brown and crisp the casings, 5 to 6 minutes. Preheat broiler. While pasta and sausage cook, heat a deep skillet over medium heat with 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan. Add the peppers, onions and garlic and season with salt and pepper. When the sausages are cooked through, slice them on an angle and add them to the peppers and onions. Cook together until peppers and onions are tender and sliced sausages are crisp at edges then deglaze the pan with white wine or chicken stock. Stir in crushed tomatoes and bring to a bubble, reduce heat to low. Drain rigatoni and return to warm pot. Add ricotta cheese, salt and pepper, parsley and basil and half of the Parmigiano, a couple of handfuls, stir to combine. To assemble the fake bake, place half the sausage, peppers, onions and sauce in the bottom of a baking dish. Top with all of the pasta and then the remaining sausage and sauce. Cover the top of the dish with the grated Parmigiano and place until broiler 2 minutes to brown cheese and set pasta., ingredients: [1 pound rigatoni, Salt, 1 pound cooked chicken sausages, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 green or red bell pepper, seeded and sliced, 1 cubanelle pepper, seeded and sliced, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, Ground black pepper, 12 cup dry white wine or chicken stock, a couple of glugs, 1 28 ounce can crushed tomatoes, recommended: San Marzano, Handful chopped flatleaf parsley, 12 cup fresh basil, 10 leaves, torn or shredded, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 1 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus some to pass at table], title: Chicken Sausage, Pepper and Onion Pasta FakeBake, picturelink: null}, 13793: {instructions: In a skillet over mediumhigh heat, add about 2 tablespoons olive oil. Once heated add the onions and saute. When the onions are translucent, add all of the other vegetables, stirring often. Season the vegetables with salt, pepper, herbes de Provence, and the bay leaves. When the vegetables are cooked, drain off any excess oil and set aside. Allow vegetables to come to room temperature.nRinse the anchovy fillets in cold water. Add 2 to 3 tablespoons of oil to a frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Once heated, add the shallot and the anchovy fillets. Cook on low heat until fragrant. Add the garlic and let cook for 5 minutes. Deglaze the pan with vinegar, reduce the heat, then add 2 to 3 tablespoons of water and allow to reduce again. Add the veal stock and cook slowly until it thickens. Season with pepper.nBull Fillet:nTrim the fat off the bull fillet. Cut into pieces weighing about 5 ounces each. Sear the meat in a hot pan with oil on the stove, turning so that all sides are browed. Place the meat into a hot oven and cook until desired doneness.nPlate the Dish:nPlace the sauteed vegetables on the plate. Place the bull fillet on top of the sauteed vegetables. Add a scoop of rice and spoon the anchovy sauce onto the plate. Garnish the plate with parsley., ingredients: [Olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and brunoise, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and brunoise, 3 celery stalks, brunoise, 1 zucchini, brunoise, 1 carrot, peeled and brunoise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Herbes de Provence, to taste, 3 bay leaves, 8 anchovy fillets, Olive oil, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped, Vinegar, to taste, 2 to 3 tablespoons water, About 4 cups veal stock, Ground black pepper, 1 2pound bull fillet, 7 ounces red rice, cooked, Fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Bull Fillet with Anchovy Sauce, picturelink: null}, 13794: {instructions: Special equipment: 10inch metal baking tinnPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Put wheat kernels, butter and salt in a medium saucepan. Cover with water and bring to the boil. Simmer for 40 minutes. Let it rest overnight refrigerated. For the filling: Mix the ricotta and sugar thoroughly in a large bowl. Add eggs and candied fruit and continue mixing. Add vanilla and orange flower water and keep mixing. Add the wheat kernels and stir until everything is well incorporated. Pour into pie shell. Cut 6 strips from the remaining pastry and crisscross them over the top. Bake for 1 hour, 20 minutesnPour the flour onto work surface in the form of a volcano. Make a hole in the top. Add sugar, eggs and butter and start to mix by kneading it from the outside in. Roll it out with a rolling pin until its no more than 14inch thick. Place in greased baking tin. Trim excess dough and cut into 6 even strips that will fit across the top of the pie., ingredients: [1 pound and 2 ounces whole wheat kernels, Pinch of salt, 4 12 cups water, 12 stick butter, 2.2 pounds 1 kilogram ricotta cheese, 5 cups sugar, 10 eggs, 7 ounces candied fruit, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Orange flower water, a few drops, for flavoring, Pastry, recipe follows, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 2 sticks butter], title: Scaturchios Pastiera, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 13795: {instructions: Whisk the egg whites, sugar and salt in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water do not let the bowl touch the water until the mixture is warm and the sugar dissolves. Remove the bowl from the pan let cool slightly.nBeat the egg white mixture in a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment or with a hand mixer on mediumhigh speed until stiff peaks form, 12 to 15 minutes. Beat in the butter a few pieces at a time, then continue beating until smooth. Dont worry if the mixture looks separated at firstit will come together as you keep beating., ingredients: [4 large egg whites, 34 cup sugar, Pinch of salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces, softened, Assorted food coloring], title: White Frosting, picturelink: 252YUb.GrnOEkpJWftDVQVWCcLTzS}, 13796: {instructions: To make the marinade, mix the basil, wine, oil and the shallots in a small bowl. Mash the chicken with a wooden pounder and place in marinade. Melt the oil in a frying pan. Add the shallots and the mushrooms, and stir until the mushrooms are soft. Add the sundried tomatoes and a tablespoon or so of the potato starch if the sauce has too much liquid. Add salt to taste. Remove from the heat.nSeparate half the mushroom mixture to fill the chicken breasts. Place 14 of this mixture on one end of each breast and roll like a jelly roll on the diagonal so both ends are filled. Bake in a preheated, 400 degree F. oven for 25 minutes or until done. Cut each breast into 6 slices on the diagonal, allowing 3 slices per portion.nTo make the sauce, return the remaining half of the mushroom mixture to a saute pan. Add the chicken broth and stir over a low heat. Continuing to stir, add enough nondairy creamer to make a sauce. If the sauce has too much liquid add a pinch of potato starch. Place the chicken on the plate, cover with the sauce, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons freshly chopped basil, 4 tablespoons kosher for Passover dry white wine, 4 tablespoons kosherforPassover vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons diced shallots, 4 whole chicken breasts, boned, 13 cup kosherforPassover vegetable oil, 13 cup shallots, diced, 20 medium shiitake mushrooms, sliced about 2 cups, 16 sundried tomatoes, sliced, 1 tablespoon potato starch, Salt to taste, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup nondairy creamer], title: Chicken with SunDried Tomatoes and Shiitake Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 13797: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Trim the excess fat from the pork.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the achiote paste, vinegar, oregano, orange juice, and garlic. Mix well.nTrim the center core from the banana leaves and run them under hot tap water until the leaves become soft and pliable. Remove the excess water from the leaves and lay them, long edges slightly overlapping, onto the countertop.nPlace the roast in a large mixing bowl and add a generous amount of salt and pepper. Add the achiote mixture and cover the roast with the mixture.nPlace the roast on the banana leaves and wrap it well, completely covering the surface of the roast. Place the roast on a rack inside a roasting pan. Add 2 cups water to the bottom of the pan, tent with foil and place it in the oven for 20 minutes.nReduce the heat to 275 degrees F and roast for 6 hours.nServe with pickled red onions, warm corn tortillas and salsa., ingredients: [3 pounds pork roast or pork butt, 8 tablespoons achiote recado paste See Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 1 pinch dried Mexican oregano, 1 sour orange, juiced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 large banana leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Serving suggestions: pickled red onions, warm corn tortillas and salsa], title: Cochinita Pibil, picturelink: YdEgHVNq.MDeuzXQAWRCFIfr3i.qXNi}, 13798: {instructions: Blanch the beans in salted water for five minutes until theyre bright green. Toss in sesame seeds, ginger and dressing and serve., ingredients: [2 cups green beans, 14 ginger, chopped, 2 tsp. black sesame seeds, 1 tsp. tamari, 1 tsp. umeboshi plum vinegar or rice vinegar, 1 tsp. toasted sesame oil, 1 tsp. flax oil], title: Ginger Black Sesame Beans, picturelink: null}, 13799: {instructions: Combine the tomatoes, carrots, celery, beets, 1 tablespoon of the Worcestershire, and the salt and pepper in a medium saucepan. Add 1 cup water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, covered, for 15 minutes. Add the spinach, kale, watercress, parsley and chile de arbol cover and simmer for another 5 minutes.nRemove the pan from the heat and let cool for 10 minutes. Transfer mixture to a blender, add another 1 cup water, and puree until very, very smooth, about 3 minutes. Strain through a finemesh sieve into a small pitcher. Cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 2 hours.nStir 1 cup vodka into the pitcher taste, and add more vodka as desired. Stir in the celery salt and the remaining 1 tablespoon Worcestershire. Add horseradish and hot sauce to taste.nTo serve, put ice cubes in 4 glasses. Divide the bloody mary mixture among the glasses, and garnish each with a celery stick and a sprinkle of celery salt., ingredients: [4 very ripe beefsteak tomatoes, cored and diced, 1 cup diced carrots, 1 cup diced celery, plus stalks for garnish, 12 cup diced beets, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 8 leaves flatleaf spinach, 3 leaves kale, 1 small bunch watercress, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, Pinch chile de arbol powder, 1 to 1 12 cups vodka, cold, 1 teaspoon celery salt, plus for garnish, 2 to 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, Hot sauce], title: Bloody Mary with Homemade Vegetable Juice, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}}