{14400: {instructions: Chill 2 tall beer tumblers in the freezer. Put the salt into a shallow dish. Remove the glasses from the freezer and wet the rims using a wedge of lime. Dip the glass rims into the salt to cover. Add the lime wedges and ice into the glasses, then add a pinch of chili powder to each glass. Stir in 1 teaspoon of light brown sugar to each glass and 4 dashes of hot sauce. Top off with beer and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 lime, cut into 4 wedges, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, for rimming glasses, Ice cubes, 2 pinches chili powder, 2 teaspoons light brown sugar, 8 dashes green hot sauce recommended: Jalapeno Tabasco hot sauce, 2 12ounce pints lager beer, chilled recommended: Modelo Especial], title: Michelada Especial, picturelink: null}, 14401: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBeat the eggs, oil, and seasonings in a mixing bowl. Fold in the matzo meal and mix until fully incorporated. Store the mixture, covered, in the refrigerator for a minimum of 2 hours, or overnight.nBoil 12 cups of water in a 4 to 5quart saucepan. With greased hands, roll the batter into about 12 balls, a little smaller than pingpong ball size, and drop into the boiling water. After about 5 minutes the matzo balls will begin to rise to the top of the water, and you can stir them gently. Boil until doubled in size, about 15 minutes total.nServe in chicken soup or use as a dumpling for other soups. Cooked matzo balls may be stored in the refrigerator, covered in water, up to 3 days., ingredients: [5 eggs, 18 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 cup matzo meal], title: Matzo Balls, picturelink: Z4PlHDyw57JjoFD4i9VHwelYuw0eqb6}, 14402: {instructions: Adjust an oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPierce the potatoes all over with a fork and microwave on high for 15 to 20 minutes, rotating each potato a few times. The potatoes are done once a toothpick or skewer easily pierces the flesh. Allow the potatoes to cool for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, lay the bacon in a large nonstick skillet and cook over medium heat, turning once, until golden and crispy, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer the bacon to a papertowellined plate to drain reserve the drippings in the skillet, then finely chop.nReturn the skillet with the bacon drippings to medium heat and stir in the halfandhalf, a pinch of salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring, until the mixture is hot and steaming remove from the heat.nUse a sharp paring knife to cut a lengthwise slit in the center of each potato. Carefully remove enough flesh to leave about a 12inchthick wall around the inside. Reserve about 12 cup of the potato flesh for another use, then add the remaining flesh to a mixing bowl along with the halfandhalf mixture, scallion whites, half of the bacon, a large pinch of salt and 2 12 cups of the Parmesan. Mash with a potato masher until mostly smooth. Season with additional salt and pepper if needed.nPut the potatoskin shells on a baking sheet. Divide the mashed potato mixture evenly among the skins. Make a large well in each potato deep enough to hold an egg and crack an egg into the well. Bake the potatoes until the eggs are just starting to set, about 10 minutes.nRemove the potatoes and cover the eggs with the remaining 12 cup Parmesan. Switch the oven to broil and broil, checking frequently, until the eggs no longer wiggle when you shake the baking sheet, 3 to 5 minutes.nTo serve, top each potato with the scallion greens and remaining bacon and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 medium russet potatoes, scrubbed and dried thoroughly about 3 pounds, 4 strips bacon, 34 cup halfandhalf, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 scallions, thinly sliced white and dark green parts kept separate, 3 ounces Parmesan, finely grated about 3 cups, 4 large eggs, at room temperature], title: OverStuffed Carbonara Baked Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 14403: {instructions: To make the modeling chocolate: Professionals call modeling chocolate by the name chocolate plastic. Melt the chocolate and cocoa butter over a double boil. Bring the ingredients for the simple syrup to a boil. Place the corn syrup in a bowl and stir in the hot simple syrup. Pour this over the melted chocolate. Stir until it thickens. Place it in the refrigerator for at least one hour. The modeling chocolate will have the consistency of play dough when you work it with your hands. Divide it into three pieces. Use the food color paste to color one piece pink and one piece green. Work the food color paste into the modeling clay to distribute the color until it is the desired color.nTo make the ribbon: Take a ball of each color. Use the palms of your hands to roll each ball into a rope about 12inch thick. Place the ropes side by side and gently press together. Use a rolling pin to roll out the ropes to create a tricolored ribbon. Use cornstarch to flour the work surface. The rolled chocolate should be about 18inch thick. Cut a strip about 30 inches long and about 112inches wide and wrap it around the brim of the hat. You may need to trim the ends.nTo make the leaves and rose petals: Roll out each colored chocolate plastic using cornstarch to flour the work surface. The rolled chocolate should be about 18inch thick. To make the flowers, use 2inch diameter cutter to cut circles from the rolled chocolate. You need to gently thin the top edge of each circle and you can do that with the end of an offset spatula or a hardboiled egg. Gently press the spatula or egg against the top of the flower to thin the edge like a real flower petal. Use 112 and 2inch oval cutters to cut out the leaves. You can also do this with a paring knife. Use the back of a paring knife dipped in cornstarch to make the veins of the leaves.nTo make the center: All flowers have some kind of center. Use your fingers to shape a coneshaped bud for the center of your rose. Recipe continues on to Part Two, ingredients: [White chocolate, 17 ounces, 500 grams, Cocoa butter, 1.8 ounces, 50 grams, Corn Syrup, 5.3 ounces, 150 grams, Simple Syrup, 2.6 ounces, 75 grams, Food color paste, Cornstarch, for flouring the table, 1 12 gelatin sheets or 12 envelope powdered gelatin, White chocolate, chopped, 8.8 ounces, 250 grams, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 5.25 ounces, 150 grams], title: Easter Bonnet, Part One, picturelink: null}, 14404: {instructions: Put the garlic, parsley, salt, and walnuts in a food processor. With the motor running, add the extravirgin olive oil in a thin, steady stream. Once you have an even consistency, add the freshly grated Parmigiano cheese to the food processor, and puree for a few more seconds., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, Bunch fresh Italian Parsley, washed and dried, 12 tablespoon coarse sea salt, 12 cup walnuts, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese], title: Pesto Amalfitana, picturelink: null}, 14405: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together all ingredients. Transfer to an ice cream maker and freeze according to manufacturers instructions. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [4 cups heavy cream, 1 12 cups sugar, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups milk or halfandhalf], title: OldFashioned Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 14406: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix all the ingredients together until well incorporated. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon minced red onion, 1 teaspoon sweet pickle relish, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 2 to 3 dashes hot sauce, Pinch cayenne, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon coarse ground black pepper], title: Homemade Tartar Sauce, picturelink: null}, 14407: {instructions: For the toasted breadcrumbs: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the baguette into large cubes. Add to a food processor and pulse until processed into crumbs. Spread the crumbs out on a baking sheet and toss with some olive oil, salt and pepper. Transfer to the oven and toast until golden brown, stirring as needed to evenly brown, 5 to 10 minutes.nFor the clams: Add the clams, 2 tablespoons of the chopped Calabrian chiles, garlic, onion, two of the thyme sprigs, white wine, 1 cup water and some kosher salt to a saucepan. Cover with a lid, bring to a boil, and cook just until the clams open, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove the clams from the broth with tongs and allow to cool. Reserve the clam broth. Discard any clams that havent opened. Once the clams have cooled, remove from shells and chop. Set aside.nFor the sauce: To a large highsided saute pan, add the butter and 1 tablespoon olive oil and allow the butter to melt. Once melted, add the remaining 2 tablespoons chopped Calabrian chilies and the remaining 2 thyme sprigs, along with a ladleful or two of the clam broth. Bring to a boil. Add a touch of cream and the chopped clams, stirring until just combined. Remove the thyme sprigs. Taste and adjust the seasoning as needed.nAdd the cooked pasta to the sauce, along with more broth if needed, and toss.nServe in a bowl, garnished with chopped parsley and toasted breadcrumbs., ingredients: [1 baguette, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 12 littleneck clams, scrubbed and soaked, 14 cup Calabrian chiles, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 medium onion, chopped, 4 sprigs thyme, 1 cup white wine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons cream, 4 ounces Angel hair pasta, cooked, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Angel Hair Pasta with Clams, picturelink: iQ7QBAtqtxfZytAvA2dxHfkXdSkVSm}, 14408: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, salt, pepper, and olive oil. Just before serving, assemble all of the ingredients for the salad on the counter. Turn on a stovetop burner to mediumhigh. Set a large stainless steel bowl over the burner and heat until very hot. Using an oven mitt or pot holder to protect your hands, pour the vinaigrette into the bowl and swirl for a minute or two, until the vinaigrette is hot. Quickly add the spinach and shallots and toss the salad with tongs to coat evenly. When the spinach begins to wilt, remove from the heat and transfer to serving plates. Sprinkle with the toasted pepitas and the cheese if desired. Serve immediately.nCombine the vinegar, wine, brown sugar, peppercorns, mustard seeds, chile flakes, and salt in a medium saucepan. Stir over low heat until the sugar has dissolved. Add the shallots and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook 5 minutes. Set aside to cool completely in the liquid. Transfer the shallots and all their liquid to a jar or plastic container. Cover tightly and store in the refrigerator up to 2 weeks. Yield: 2 cups, ingredients: [3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 small bunches spinach, stems removed, washed, and dried, 10 Pickled Shallots, sliced into rings, 12 cup pepitas, toasted, 12 cup crumbled Feta or Anejo cheese optional, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 1 cup dry red wine, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons coarse salt, 20 medium shallots, peeled], title: Wilted Spinach Salad with Pickled Shallots, picturelink: null}, 14409: {instructions: For the dough: Pour the warm water into a large bowl, add the yeast and sugar and stir to dissolve. Let sit until the yeast appears foamy, about 15 minutes. Add 2 cups flour, the salt and ajwain and stir with a fork until it comes together in a shaggy ball. Knead it a few times in the bowl to incorporate the flour on the sides of the bowl, and then turn it out onto a work surface. Continue to knead the dough for a few minutes, adding the 2 tablespoons flour if it seems wet and sticky. Do not add a lot of extra flour here as the dough should be very soft and pliable. Pour a little olive oil into a clean bowl and smear it around the edges. Rub it over the surface of the dough and then place the dough in the bowl. Cover with a towel and let rise in a warm place for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nFor the pizza: Put the olive oil into a large skillet and add the onions, garlic and ginger. Saute until golden and soft, and then add the garam masala, turmeric, smoked paprika and salt and pepper. Add the spinach and stir until completely wilted. Let cool slightly, and then add to a food processor and puree until smooth.nWhen the dough is ready, pick it up and begin to stretch and pull it into a circle. Press it onto a pizza pan, stretching the dough to the edges. Spread the spinach mixture evenly over the entire pizza. Sprinkle the cilantro and green onions over it, and then add the tomato halves. Cover with the shredded cheese.nPlace the pizza on the bottom rack of the oven and bake until the crust is golden and crispy and the cheese is bubbling, 25 to 30 minutes. Slice into wedges and serve., ingredients: [1 cup warm water, 1 teaspoon yeast, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 cups flour, plus 2 tablespoons for kneading, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ajwain, Olive oil, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, roughly chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped ginger, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, A pinch of salt and pepper, 1 pound fresh spinach leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 3 green onions, sliced, 1 cup yellow cherry tomatoes, cut in half, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, Special equipment: a 12inch pizza pan or a pizza stone], title: Indian Pizza, picturelink: null}, 14410: {instructions: For the salmon: In a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil and allow to warm. Next, sprinkle the salmon fillets with the salt and pepper. Then, add to the oil, skinside up, and allow to sear for 3 to 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, flip the fish and repeat cooking until desired temperature, 3 to 4 minutes. Once cooked, remove from the pan and allow to rest for 4 to 5 minutes before serving.nFor the salad: In a saucepan over high heat, combine 2 cups water, the white balsamic vinegar and sugar. Stir the mixture and heat until the sugar is fully dissolved. Once the sugar is dissolved, add the onions and cook for 3 minutes. Then add the tomatoes and cook for a final minute. Once the tomatoes have cooked, remove from the heat and toss in the watermelon and basil. Portion to plate and finish with the seared salmon., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grape seed oil, Six 6ounce skinon salmon fillets, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon ground pepper, 12 cup white balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup julienned red onion, 1 cup smalldiced Roma tomatoes, 3 cups largediced seedless watermelon, rind removed, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, chiffonade], title: Seared Salmon with Pickled Watermelon Salad, picturelink: ze6q5ot4iPFeoiFa2XPbnfD4LCNiH6}, 14411: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cauliflower: Place the first head of cauliflower upright stemside down on a flat surface. Using a large knife and imagining that you are creating two large steaks from each head of cauliflower, trim a little off each end so that when you split the cauliflower in half, each half will lie flat. Cut the cauliflower in half. You should yield two steaks, each weighing about 14 to 15 ounces. Repeat with the other cauliflower.nBring 6 quarts of water to a rolling boil in a pot large enough to hold the cauliflower steaks. Add salt until the water tastes like mild seawater. How will you know Take a little water with a spoon and taste a drop of it. Layer a baking sheet with a kitchen towel. Add the cauliflower steaks to the boiling water and cook until they are slightly tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, 6 to 8 minutes. Use a large slotted spoon or spatula to carefully transfer the steaks to the baking sheet to drain.nIn a container large enough to fit the cauliflower snugly, whisk the coconut milk together with the coriander, red pepper flakes and a generous pinch of salt. Submerge the steaks in the coconut milk marinade and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours.nFor the vinaigrette: Whisk together the lemon juice, mustard and vinegar in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil. Set aside.nFor the gremolata: Combine the parsley, lemon zest and garlic in a small bowl. Set aside.nFinish the cauliflower: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove the cauliflower steaks from the coconut milk marinade and arrange them in a single layer on a baking sheet. Season with salt. Place in the oven and cook until tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Heat the broiler and place the cauliflower under the broiler for a few minutes, until the top chars. Transfer the steaks to a serving platter or individual plates and drizzle liberally with all of the vinaigrette. Top with all of the gremolata. Add a pinch more salt if desired. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 large heads cauliflower 2 to 2 12 pounds each, Kosher salt, Two 13 12ounce cans unsweetened coconut milk, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, lightly crushed, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, Zest of 1 lemon, 2 medium cloves garlic, minced], title: Broiled Cauliflower Steaks with Parsley and Lemon, picturelink: ea5AxIMPGbTNz05gSoYomjBq94xg0Rm}, 14412: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the crepes: Whisk the flour, sugar, lemon zest and salt in a medium bowl. In a measuring cup, whisk together the milk, egg and 1 tablespoon of butter. Slowly whisk the egg mixture into the flour mixture until smooth.nIn a heavy small saute pan or crepe pan, lightly brush the pan with a layer of melted butter and heat over mediumhigh heat. Working quickly, pour in about 3 tablespoons of batter and tilt the pan to coat. Cook for 1 or 2 minutes and then flip with a thin metal spatula to finish cooking the other side, another minute. Repeat with remaining batter. Keep the crepes warm while preparing the rest of the dessert.nTo make the Blueberry Filling: Heat the jam in a small pan over low heat or microwave until warm and syrupy. Whisk in the lemon juice and set aside.nTo make the Custard Sauce: In a small saucepan, whisk the sugar, cornstarch and salt together until well blended. Whisk in the milk and cook over low heat until almost boiling, then remove from the heat. In a small bowl, whisk together the egg yolk and vanilla until well blended. Add a couple of tablespoons of the hot milk from the saucepan and whisk to temper the egg. Add resulting egg mixture to the rest of the warm milk in the pan, whisking to combine. Cook over low heat until the sauce begins to thicken do not boil. Let the sauce cool slightly while assembling the crepes.nTo assemble: Spread some of the blueberry filling in a line down the center of each crepe and roll up. Spoon a few tablespoons of the custard sauce on each dessert plate and lay 2 crepes on top. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar and serve., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 lemon, zested, Pinch kosher salt, 1 14 cups milk, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, divided, 23 cup blueberry jam or preserves, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, Pinch kosher salt, 34 cup milk, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, for garnish], title: Blueberry Lemon Crepes with Custard Sauce, picturelink: dkb7b99ZRCyygkCNTeuibklvyCc1NVC}, 14413: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large soup pot over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic, cook covered, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 6 minutes. Add the peanut butter, broth, and tomatoes. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer, covered, for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat, toast the peanuts, stirring occasionally, for about 1 12 minutes. Set aside. When ready to serve, stir in the lime juice, hot sauce, and salt. Season with pepper to taste. Divide among warm soup bowls, garnish with some of the toasted peanuts and scallion. Serve immediately.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 Spanish onion, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups smooth peanut butter, 4 12 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, One 28ounce can whole, peeled tomatoes with liquid, roughly chopped, 2 heaping tablespoons roughly chopped unsalted, dry roasted peanuts, 13 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, or to taste, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 scallion, thinly sliced on the diagonal], title: Peanut Soup, picturelink: null}, 14414: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray the bottom of a 9 by 9 by 2inch baking pan with nonstick cooking spray.nFinely grind the biscotti in a food processor. Add the melted butter and 1 tablespoon of lemon zest, and process until the crumbs are moistened. Press the crumb mixture over the bottom not the sides of the prepared pan. Bake until the crust is golden, about 15 minutes. Cool the crust completely on a cooling rack.nBlend the ricotta in a clean food processor until smooth. Add the cream cheese and sugar and blend well, stopping the machine occasionally and scraping down the sides of the work bowl. Blend in the limoncello, vanilla, and remaining 2 tablespoons of lemon zest. Add the eggs 1 at a time, and pulse just until blended. Scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed.nPour the cheese mixture over the crust in the pan. Place the baking pan in a large roasting pan. Pour enough hot water into the roasting pan to come halfway up the sides of the baking pan. Bake until the cheesecake is golden and the center of the cake moves slightly when the pan is gently shaken, about 1 hour the cake will become firm when it is cold.nTransfer the cake to a rack cool 1 hour. Refrigerate until the cheesecake is cold, at least 8 hours and up to 2 days. Cut the cake into squares and serve.nLimoncello liqueur can be found at most liquor stores and in the liquor department of some specialty markets., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 8 ounces purchased biscotti, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons grated lemon zest, 1 12ounce container fresh whole milk ricotta, drained, at room temperature, 2 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 14 cups sugar, 12 cup limoncello liqueur, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, at room temperature], title: Limoncello Cheesecake Squares, picturelink: bpQBFfOmEJPKihjG5zcNBJK1Jxm74AC}, 14415: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCake: In a mixer with a whip attachment, mix the dry ingredients together. Add the softened butter, lukewarm milk, beaten egg, and vanilla and mix well for 2 to 3 minutes. Pour into a parchment lined 8 by 8inch cake pan. Bake at 350 degrees F for 25 to 35 minutes.nBroiled Icing: In a mixer with a paddle attachment, mix all the ingredients together. When the cake is done, take it out of the oven and, while its warm, spread the icing on the cake to cover the top. Place it under the broiler until it bubbles all over and starts to brown. Cool then cut into squares and serve., ingredients: [1 34 cups cake flour, sifted, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 13 cup softened butter, 23 cup lukewarm milk, 1 egg, beaten, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 5 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 cup shredded coconut], title: Emergency Cake, picturelink: null}, 14416: {instructions: Fill glass with ice. Add Smirnoff Orange Flavored Vodka, pineapple juice, and cranberry juice. Stir well. Garnish with orange slice., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Smirnoff Orange Vodka, 2 oz. pineapple juice, 2 oz. cranberry juice, 1 slices orange], title: Crushed Orange, picturelink: null}, 14417: {instructions: Mix yeast and 14 cup lukewarm water in a small bowl. Let it sit for 5 to 10 minutes. The yeast will dissolve and become foamy.nPut the flour, salt, sugar, Parmesan cheese and garlic powder into the bowl of a food processor. Press the pulse button a few times to mix everything together.nMix the dissolved yeast mixture with 1 cup lukewarm water. Turn the food processor on. Pour the water and yeast into the food processor through the hole in the top. Let the machine run until the dough makes a ball. If the dough is too sticky to make a ball, add a little more flour, 1 tablespoon at a time, until it forms a ball. Take the dough out of the processor and knead on a floured countertop until the dough is very smooth.nPour one tablespoon of olive oil into a medium bowl and swirl it around until the bowl is coated. Place dough ball into the bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Place in a warm, draftfree place. The dough should rise grow until it is twice as big as when you put it in the bowl. This should take about 1 hour.nRemove the plastic wrap from the bowl. Using your fist, press all the air out of the dough. The dough is now ready to roll out and prepare according to the pizza recipe directions. NOTE: You can wrap your dough in plastic wrap and keep it in the refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours before making pizza., ingredients: [14 cup lukewarm water, 1 tablespoon yeast, 3 cups flour plus extra for kneading dough, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 tablespoons granulated sugar, 14 cup Parmesan cheese, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 cup lukewarm water, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Basic Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 14418: {instructions: Place dogs in a medium skillet with 1 inch of water. Pierce the casings and bring water to a simmer. Cook 6 to 7 minutes, drain and add 1 tablespoon butter to the pan. Melt butter and crisp casings of dogs, browning over medium heat. Remove dogs, wipe skillet and add another tablespoon of butter. Brown and crisp the rolls in melted butter.nWhile dogs and rolls cook, mix relish, ketchup, mustard, and vinegar in a bowl and add the cabbage. Coat well with dressing and season with salt and pepper.nStuff dogs in rolls and top with mounds of slaw. Cut each dog into 3 pieces and serve., ingredients: [6 hot dogs, pork or beef, 2 tablespoons butter, divided, New England style dog rolls, top cut, 2 rounded tablespoons sweet pickle relish, 2 rounded tablespoons ketchup, 2 rounded tablespoons yellow mustard, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 pound Napa cabbage, shredded and chopped, Salt and pepper], title: New England Dog and Slaw Bites, picturelink: null}, 14419: {instructions: Arrange lettuce on a serving platter and top with turkey, Cheddar, ham, carrots, olives, and onion. Arrange eggs alongside the edges of platter.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together soup, broth, vinegar, paprika, and dry mustard. Season to taste with salt and black pepper. Pour some of the dressing over the salad and reserve the extra to serve alongside., ingredients: [1 head iceberg lettuce, chopped, Cooked turkey tenderloin, diced, about 12 ounces, 1 cup diced Cheddar, 1 cup diced ham, 1 cup shredded carrots, 12 cup sliced black olives, 14 cup diced red onion, 2 hard boiled eggs, halved or quartered, 1 10ounce can condensed cream of tomato soup, 12 cup reducedsodium chicken broth or water, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chefs Salad with Applewood Smoked Bacon Turkey and TomatoY French Dressing, picturelink: dMqi3tG3EHEjtAzn58ZlL1LKV2KkUQe}, 14420: {instructions: Trim the crusts from the bread discard, or reserve for another use. Tear the remaining bread into little pieces about 20 pieces per slice handle the bread lightly, so the pieces remain fluffy and dont flatten out. Place the bread pieces in a bowl, and sprinkle them with the wine toss lightly to distribute the wine evenly.nPick over the backfin and the jumbo lump crabmeat to remove any bits of shell. In a large mixing bowl, toss together the backfin and jumbo lump crabmeat. Season to taste with salt and with Maryland crab seasoning. Add the soaked bread, beaten eggs, lemon juice, and melted butter toss lightly, making sure to keep the crab lumps whole. Add the mayonnaise, and toss the mixture gently with your hands, distributing the mayonnaise evenly. Taste again for seasoning, if desired if you dont want to taste raw egg, you can saute a bit of the mixture in butter. For even better flavor, allow the mixture to sit in the refrigerator for a few hours.nWhen you are ready to cook, place a large, heavybottomed saute pan over mediumhigh heat the pan should have enough room for 3 crab cakes. Add enough lard and vegetable oil in fiftyfifty production to create a 1inch depth of oil. When the oil is mediumhot, quickly shape 12 the crab mixture with your hands into 3 cakes, each roughly the size and shape of a large hamburger. Gently place the cakes in the oil, making sure to preserve their shapes. Fry for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the cakes are golden on one side. Flip them carefully with a spatula, and fry on the other side for 3 to 4 minutes. After about 8 minutes, the cakes should be golden brown on all sides and heated through you want the pieces of bread inside to virtually disappear. Remove the cakes from the pan, and place them on paper towels. Repeat and make 3 more cakes with the remaining mixture., ingredients: [4 slices soft white bread, 1 12 tablespoons dry white wine, 2 cups backfin crabmeat from a refrigerated tin, Salt, 2 cups jumbo lump crabmeat from a refrigerated tin, Maryland Crab Seasoning, to taste, 2 eggs, beaten, 12 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 18 cup melted unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons thick mayonnaise, Lard, Vegetable oil], title: Perfect Maryland Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 14421: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the matzo balls, bring a large pot of salted water or chicken broth to a boil over high heat. Whisk the eggs, oils, chicken fat, water, parsley, salt, garlic powder, and pepper in a medium bowl. In a separate bowl, add the matzo meal and sift in the baking powder. Mix together, then fold into the eggs. Cover with plastic wrap, pressed tightly against the batter and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, or overnight.nMoisten your hands lightly with water and form the matzo mixture into 24 walnutsized balls. Carefully drop the matzo balls into the water or broth. Reduce the heat to medium and partially cover. Simmer gently until the matzo balls are cooked through, about 40 minutes. Using a skimmer or slotted spoon, transfer the matzo balls to a large bowl of cold water.nMeanwhile, make the soup. Bring the chicken pieces and stock to a boil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat, skimming off the foam that rises to the surface. Reduce the heat to mediumlow. Simmer, partially covered, until the chicken is tender, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the chicken from the soup. Remove and discard the skin, shred the meat into bitesized pieces, and reserve the meat until service. Return the remaining bones back to the broth and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes more to further develop the soups flavor.nWhile the soup is simmering, heat the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, tomatoes, red and green peppers, cilantro, garlic and saffron. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables in the sofrito are tender, but not browned, about 8 minutes. Add the hot sauce, if using. Set the sofrito aside.nWhen ready to serve, strain the soup and discard the bones. Return the soup to the pot and stir in the sofrito and chicken pieces. Add the matzo balls and simmer until the matzo balls are heated through, about 5 minutes. The soup and matzo balls can be prepared up to 2 days ahead, cooled, covered, and refrigerated. Reheat before serving.nLadle the soup, along with sofrito, chicken and matzo balls into bowls and serve hot, with an optional drizzle of the additional melted chicken fat schmaltz., ingredients: [8 large eggs, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup chicken fat, melted schmaltz, plus 2 tablespoons, for optional garnish, 14 cup water, 13 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups matzo meal, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 1 3 12 to 4pound chicken, 4 quarts chicken stock, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small yellow onion, cut into 14inch dice, 12 cup quartered cherry or grape tomatoes, 12 cup diced 14inch red bell pepper, 12 cup diced 14inch green bell pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 4 garlic cloves, minced, Small pinch saffron, 1 teaspoon hot red pepper sauce, optional], title: Sephardic Chicken Soup with Sofrito and Herbed Matzo Balls, picturelink: qNdtR1W6NlC1TkkWgE9t873cxMWp0vy}, 14422: {instructions: In a blender, combine 1 cup olive oil, basil, red pepper flakes and 2 cloves garlic. Puree until blended and thick. Pour into a shallow baking dish and add the chicken. Toss to coat and marinate the chicken while finishing the dish.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium heat.nMeanwhile, heat a large skillet. Crush 3 garlic cloves and set aside. Heat 1 cup olive oil in the skillet. Add the garlic and cook until golden. Remove sausage from casings and add to the skillet. Saute the sausage until browned.nIn the boiling water, blanch the broccoli rabe until just soft but still crunchy. Transfer rabe to a bowl of ice water. Remove from water, drain on paper towellined plate and set aside.nGrill the chicken until cooked through and juices run clear.nTo the browned sausage, add the mushrooms and saute until mushrooms start getting soft. Add the rabe, the chicken stock and a pinch of red pepper flakes and season with salt and pepper.nSlice the bread and lay out on a serving plate. Spoon some of the broccoli rabesausage mixture over top, then cover each with 1 chicken breast and 1 thigh. Top with arugula, tomatoes and sliced provolone cheese. Then drizzle some of the broccoli rabe sauce over top, to wilt the arugula, and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups olive oil, 1 bunch basil, leaves only, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, plus a pinch, 5 cloves garlic, 2 pounds thinly sliced chicken breast, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 3 pounds sausage, sweet or spicy, 1 bunch broccoli rabe, 3 portobello mushrooms, sliced, 1 cup chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 loaf Italian bread, 1 bunch arugula, leaves only, 10 grape tomatoes, halved, Provolone slices], title: Challenge: Grilled Chicken with Broccoli Rabe and Sausage, picturelink: yJULpW2Tp6ibYESzAqdQGuguCTmvG}, 14423: {instructions: Brush the cheese with olive oil and place onto a medium hot grill for 2 minutes on each side, or until marked. Remove and slice into 12inch pieces. Sprinkle with oregano. Drizzle the olive oil on top and squeeze the lemon juice over the cheese. Serve with grilled pita bread., ingredients: [12 pound chunk Halloumi, 2 tablespoons picked oregano leaves, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 grilled lemon, juiced, Pita bread, grilled], title: Grilled Halloumi Cheese, picturelink: 8WUcN1TOEmUOMQd.H3mMVqk5pcNbxRu}, 14424: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCover 2 cookie sheets with lavosh. Drizzle lavosh with little extravirgin olive oil and turn over. Layer cheese on the lavosh. If you are substituting smoked white cheddar, scatter the shredded cheese in an even layer allowing a little of the lavosh to still peek through.nPlace bread in oven to melt cheese, 5 minutes. Cut lavosh into squares and dot each square with small ham strips, draping them over the cheese. Scatter chopped greens over pizza squares. Drizzle pizza squares with extravirgin olive oil and season with black pepper. Transfer to plate and serve., ingredients: [1 package lavosh flat breads, plain or flavored, sliced into 12 pieces, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 pound smoked fresh mozzarella, sliced into 12 pieces, 14 pound prosciutto, cut in 12inch strips, 1 cup arugula leaves, a couple of handfuls, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Lavosh Smoked Cheese and Ham Pizzas, picturelink: cnC1yU09c3Fo.qic9dTuDQrg6ojPl2e}, 14425: {instructions: Grease a casserole dish with some butter, set aside.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat with the EVOO. Add the garlic, cubanelles, sweet peppers, onions and chiles, then stir. Cook to tendercrisp, 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, and season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and cool.nWhisk together the eggs, cream, half of the cheese, the parsley, basil and some salt and pepper.nArrange the bread and cooled vegetables in the casserole dish, it will mound up a bit. Pour the eggs over top of the casserole and top with the remaining cheese and a few dots of butter. Cover and chill overnight or a couple of days ahead.nTo serve, bring the casserole to room temperature. Then bake at 375 degrees F until cooked through, 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing and to dot the top, 14 cup EVOO, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 cubanelle peppers, 1 large red sweet pepper, 1 red onion, chopped, 1 chile pepper, Fresno, jalapeno or Italian cherry, thinly sliced or finely chopped, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, Salt and pepper, 8 eggs, 1 pint cream or halfandhalf, 1 12 cups grated ParmigianoReggiano, 14 cup fresh flat leaf parsley, chopped, Small handful fresh basil leaves, torn or sliced, 6 cups chopped or torn stale bread, white or peasantstyle], title: Panzanella Strata, picturelink: null}, 14426: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium heat add the vinegar, water, sugar, and turmeric. Bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Remove from heat and allow it to cool.nMeanwhile, peel the daikon radish and slice into 14inch thick rounds. If your daikon is very large, slice the rounds into semicircles. Place in a colander with salt and mix well. Place the colander over a bowl and let drain for 1 hour. Rinse the salt off with a couple of changes of water and dry the daikon well. Put into a sterilized glass jar. Pour the cooled brine through a coffee filter or a cheesecloth lined strainer into the jar to cover the radish slices. Refrigerate at least 4 hours, preferably overnight. Will keep for about 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 cup rice vinegar, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 1 pound daikon radish, 14 cup kosher salt], title: Sweet Pickled Daikon Radish, picturelink: null}, 14427: {instructions: Make the chips: Heat 34 inch vegetable oil in a pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F. Fry the tortillas in batches until golden, about 1 minute. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon dressing mix.nMake the sauce: Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomatoes, onion and garlic and cook, turning, until the vegetables are charred, 5 to 7 minutes. Squeeze the garlic from its skin and cut the onion and tomatoes into chunks. Transfer to a blender pulse with remaining dressing mix about 2 tablespoons, the chipotles and half of the beans until smooth.nHeat the olive oil in the same skillet over medium heat. Add the pureed mixture and the remaining beans and cook until thick, about 5 minutes. Keep warm.nMake the eggs: Melt 1 teaspoon butter in a skillet over medium heat. Fry the eggs in batches until the whites are set, adding more butter as needed. Divide the sauce among shallow bowls top each serving with 2 eggs, some ranch chips and avocado. Sprinkle with cilantro and cheese, if desired.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 8 corn tortillas, each cut into 8 wedges, 1 1ounce packet ranch dressing mix, 5 plum tomatoes, 12 medium white onion, 5 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 1 to 2 chipotles in adobo sauce, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 8 large eggs, 1 avocado, halved, pitted and sliced, Fresh cilantro and crumbled cotija cheese, for topping optional], title: Huevos Rancheros, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 14428: {instructions: Preheat the grill to 350 degrees F. Peel and slice the butternut squash into 1 to 2inch wedges. Place in a large bowl and season with the maple syrup and Chinese 5spice powder. Grill the squash until grill marks appear, about 4 minutes per side. Set aside to cool. Meanwhile, crush the coriander seeds in a mortar and pestle. Heat the olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat and add the onions. Cook until soft. Add the coriander and red pepper flakes and cook until the onions are barely caramelized, about 10 minutes. Add the grilled squash and chicken stock and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to medium and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes to help the flavors develop. Take the soup off the heat and blitz in a blender until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. If the soup gets too thick, add more chicken stock to thin it out. Chiffonade half the sage leaves, leaving the other half whole. Fry all the sage leaves in a pan of hot olive oil until the leaves are crispy and still green. Ladle the soup into cups, top with 1 teaspoon creme fraiche, and garnish with fried sage and porcini salt., ingredients: [1 butternut squash, 12 cup maple syrup, 2 tablespoons Chinese 5spice powder, 1 tablespoon coriander seed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for frying, 12 large Walla Walla onion, sliced, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 cups chicken stock, plus more if needed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch fresh sage, Creme fraiche, for serving, Porcini salt, for serving], title: Golden Squash Soup, picturelink: .m8HYhpQhrgkYcmcQf2hYhvVi0SRQC}, 14429: {instructions: Preheat oven 450 degrees F. Bake toasts in oven until golden brown. While toast is cooking, arrange proscuitto, bresaola, sopressata, testa, pickled onions, pepperoncini, and olives on a platter. Remove toast from oven and brush with olive oil. Rub tops of toast with garlic. Arrange toasts on platter and serve., ingredients: [1 loaf Tuscan bread, cut into 12 inch thick slices, 10 slices thinly sliced prosciutto, 10 slices thinly sliced bresaola, 10 slice thinly sliced soppressata, 12 pound testa, 20 slices salami, Assorted pickled vegetables onions, pepperoncini, 14 cups marinated mushrooms, 12 cup assorted marinated olives, Extra virgin olive oil, 2 large cloves garlic], title: Salami Misti, picturelink: null}, 14430: {instructions: Combine the endive, apples, blue cheese, onions, walnuts and tarragon in a medium mixing bowl. Add the SoySherry Vinaigrette use as much or as little as desired and season with salt and pepper.nPuree the sherry vinegar, soy sauce, Dijon mustard, shallots and egg yolk in a blender. With the motor running, emulsify the oil into the mixture. Season with black pepper the salt from the soy will be enough to season the vinaigrette., ingredients: [4 cups finely julienned endive store in cold water to prevent oxidation, 12 cup julienned peeled green apples, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, 12 cup finely julienned red onions, 14 cup walnuts, toasted, 2 tablespoons fresh tarragon leaves, 14 cup SoySherry Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup sherry vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon chopped shallots, 1 egg yolk, 1 cup grapeseed oil, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: Endive and Blue Cheese Salad with SoySherry Vinaigrette, picturelink: BWQjDSA6L0Mk4akKqqWIh2foR4Lhz2O}, 14431: {instructions: Bring 2 quarts of water to a boil and add 1 tablespoon salt. Add the cabbage and blanch for 1 minute. Drain the cabbage in a colander, refresh under cold running water until cool, and reserve.nPut the bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium heat until the fat is rendered, 4 to 5 minutes. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the fat. Add the onion and sage and cook, stirring, until the onion is wilted but not browned, about 10 minutes. Add the blanched cabbage and cook for 2 more minutes. Stir in the flour and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Pour in the stock, bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and cook until thickened, 2 to 3 more minutes. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and the pepper and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 medium heads Savoy cabbage, coarse outer leaves, core, and ribs removed, cut into 1inch dice 10 cups, 4 ounces bacon, sliced crosswise into 1inch pieces 34 cup, 3 cups thinly sliced white onions, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken stock, homemade or storebought, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 14432: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine ground beef, taco seasoning, and green chiles in a large bowl, mixing lightly but thoroughly. Divide beef mixture into 16 portions shape each portion around a cheese cube, completely covering the cheese.nBeat egg white with water in shallow dish until blended. Place chips in second shallow dish. Dip each meatball into egg white mixture, then into chips to coat completely. Press each meatball with palm into a flattened nugget shape, generously coating both sides of nugget with chips.nSpray a large baking pan with nonstick cooking spray. Place nuggets in baking pan spray tops of nuggets generously with nonstick cooking spray. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until meat registers 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer meat should not be pink and juices should run clear.nMeanwhile, combine sauce ingredients in small microwavesafe dish. Microwave on high for 30 seconds or until warm. Serve nuggets with sauce., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef round, 2 tablespoons taco seasoning mix, 1 can 4 ounces chopped mild green chiles, drained, 16 12inch cubes Colby Jack cheese, 1 egg white, 1 tablespoon water, 2 cups crushed nacho cheeseflavored tortilla chips, 6 tablespoons prepared thick taco sauce, 3 tablespoons honey], title: Taco Beef Nuggets with Tejano Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 14433: {instructions: In a large jar or large container, combine all ingredients, except red bell pepper cover, and let sit at room temperature for 2 days. Serve cold with the red pepper garnish. The kimchi may be stored, chilled, for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 pound Chinese radish, sliced into 2 by 12 by 18inch slices, 1 12 quarts water, 2 large or 3 small cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 dried red pepper, 12 tablespoon salt, 2 scallions, sliced into 2inch pieces, 12 cup red bell pepper, julienned for garnish], title: Water Kimchi Mul Kimchi, picturelink: null}, 14434: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saute pan over high heat, add oil. Add vegetables, and chicken, saute for 45 seconds. Deglaze with sambal sauce for 30 seconds.nAdd wonton to lettuce cup, pour chicken and veg mix into cup, top with green onions and peanuts. Garnish lettuce cups with black sesame seeds.nMix all ingredients thoroughly. Shake before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon oil, 1 small carrots, diced, 12 celery rib, diced, 12 red bell pepper, diced, 5 snap peas, diced, 12 cup diced red onion, 12 cup mung beans, cut in 12, 2 chicken breast, diced, 6 ounces Apricot Sesame Sambal Szechwan Sauce, recipe follows, 5 fried wonton skins, 6 iceberg lettuce leaves, 2 tablespoons diced green onions, 2 tablespoons crushed, unsalted peanuts, Black sesame seeds, for garnish, 12 cup soy sauce, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons minced ginger, 3 tablespoons sambal hot sauce, 3 tablespoons apricot preserves, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 1 teaspoon minced cilantro, 2 teaspoons sesame seeds, 1 teaspoon sesame oil], title: Chicken Lettuce Cups, picturelink: UEWOejyrSqMdQp3.bTDBZBYV3xh.Qi}, 14435: {instructions: Beat the cream cheese, sour cream and brown sugar in a bowl with a mixer until smooth. Chill before serving.nPhotograph by James Baigrie, ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 13 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar], title: Sweet Cream, picturelink: HlNSfeKbIyKc99kLUl5ezzaRFemoHvy}, 14436: {instructions: Bring poaching pan to medium high. Spray poaching cups with nonstick cooking spray. Mash avocado with garlic and season with salt and pepper. Split English muffins and spread each half with mashed avocado and lay tomato slices on top. With a spoon, press and indent center of tomato, just enough so the poached egg wont slide off. Add eggs to poaching cups, cover, and poach eggs 3 to 8 minuets, or to desired doneness, or until the whites are set but still soft. Run the handle of a fork around the rim of the poaching cup to loosen the egg and invert onto the prepared muffin halves. Top with hollandaise sauce and a dash of paprika., ingredients: [12 avocado, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, Salt, Pepper, 2 English muffins, 1 tomato, sliced, 4 eggs, Hollandaise Sauce], title: Eggs Tomavo, picturelink: ln3EepD3nZI5NABjLVPhDHU86xAsZ22}, 14437: {instructions: In 4 medium size glasses, place two to three scoops of chocolate ice cream into each. Slowly pour cherry vanilla soda over ice cream and top with chopped malted milk balls and a maraschino cherry. Serve with long spoons and a straw., ingredients: [14 gallon chocolate ice cream, 12 ounces cherry vanilla soda prefer natural, 14 cup chopped malted milk balls, 4 maraschino cherries], title: Chocolate Malted Cherry Float, picturelink: Q.f4fQTHBOZrOaFmsTUzZ9ftWk4V3HC}, 14438: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMix 14 cup of the olive oil with the cumin and paprika in a small bowl. Split each pita horizontally into 2 rounds and brush the rough sides with equal amounts of the oil mixture. Cut the rounds into small triangles or 1inch pieces and arrange in 1 flat layer on a large baking sheet. Bake until golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle with salt when just out of the oven.nWhisk the vinegar, mustard, salt, and pepper in a large serving bowl until blended. Slowly pour in the remaining 6 tablespoons of olive oil, whisking to form a smooth dressing.nJust before serving, pile the arugula and mesclun in the center of the bowl on top of the dressing. Surround with the peppers, tomatoes, chickpeas, feta, pickles, and chicken. Add the pita croutons, toss and serve., ingredients: [14 cup plus 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons sweet or hot paprika, 3 6inch pita breads with pockets, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups loosely packed arugula, 6 cups loosely packed mesclun, 2 large red bell peppers, coarsely chopped, 2 large yellow bell peppers, coarsely chopped, 1 pound cherry tomatoes, quartered, 1 12 cups cooked or drained, rinsed and dried canned chickpeas, 1 12 cups crumbled feta cheese, 1 12 cups diced dill pickle, 3 cups cooked, diced chicken], title: Chopped Salad with Feta, Chickpeas and Pita Croutons, picturelink: ibprAQqwCtHvyrXLau6X9.YMySSwWom}, 14439: {instructions: To prepare the fish: Trim, rinse, and pat dry sanddab fillets and place in bowl. Mix white wine, garlic, olive oil, and lemon juice and gently toss with sanddabs. Cover and marinate for 30 minutes in refrigerator. Mix flour, salt, cracked peppercorns, and fresh herbs together and set aside.nTo roast tomatoes and prepare salad: Seed 2 large fresh tomatoes, slice 12inch thick, baste with olive oil, and grill over open flame. Cool and coarsely chop into 12inch chunks. Mix together tomatoes, arugula, and tricolored peppers, and set aside. Whisk together 1 cup olive oil, vinegar and honey, add salt and pepper, to taste. Heat dressing slowly in small saucepan and keep warm.nTo cook the fish: Dredge marinated fillets in flourherb mixture to coat completely. Brown butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat and saute fillets for about 2 minutes per side. Remove from pan to individual serving plates and keep warm.nTo serve: Toss salad with warmed dressing, arrange on top of sanddabs. Spoon small amount of remaining dressing around plate and garnish with lemon slices. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 2 ounce sanddab fillets sole or flounder fillets may be substituted, 12 cup white wine, 12 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup freshsqueezed lemon juice, 12 cup flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon fresh cracked peppercorns, mediumfine grind pink, green, and black, 12 cup coarsely chopped fresh herbs, rinsed and completely dry dill, thyme, basil, chives, parsley, 12 cup butter, 1 cup grilled or roasted tomatoes, see recipe, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, plus extra for basting tomatoes, 4 bunches fresh arugula, rinsed, with stems removed, 14 cup finely diced sweet tricolored bell peppers, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and pepper, 1 lemon, thinly sliced], title: Herb Seared Sanddabs with Warmed Arugula and Fire Roasted Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 14440: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhile the Dulce De Leche Caramel is boiling, lay out the bacon on a half sheet pan and bake for approximately 15 minutes. While the bacon is cooking, on another half sheet pan, bake the peanuts for 15 minutes.nAllow the bacon to cool and chop into small pieces and set aside. Allow the peanuts to cool and then roughly chop them.nMix the dulce de leche caramel, bacon, peanuts and salt together in a bowl. Using a small melon scooper, scoop balls of the caramel mixture and place on a sheet of wax paper or parchment paper.nRoll out a 18inchthick sheet of fondant and cover the caramel balls with the fondant. On a sheet pan lined with wax paper, spread a thin amount of melted chocolate in a circle just large enough to place the caramel balls on. Place the fondant covered caramel balls on the melted chocolate and place in the refrigerator for 15 minutes. Remove from the refrigerator. Then dip the fondant covered caramels in the melted chocolate. Return them to the refrigerator to cool. Serve.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Remove the label from the can of sweetened condensed milk. Place the can in a pot of boiling water and boil for 2 hours. Let the can cool completely before handling. To expedite the cooling process use an ice bath, but make sure the can has completely cooled before handling., ingredients: [6 slices maple bacon, 14 cup peanuts, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 ounces fondant, 1 pound chocolate, melted, 12 ounces Dulce de Leche Caramel, recipe follows, 1 can sweetened condensed milk], title: Chocolate Covered Salted Caramel Peanut Bacon Chew, picturelink: ze6q5ot4iPFeoiFa2XPbnfD4LCNiH6}, 14441: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the 2 chocolates in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water.nMeanwhile, line a sheet pan with parchment paper. Using a ruler and a pencil, draw a 9 by 10inch rectangle on the paper. Turn the paper facedown on the baking sheet.nPour the melted chocolate over the paper and spread to form a rectangle, using the outline. Sprinkle the cashews, apricots and cranberries over the chocolate. Set aside for 2 hours until firm. Cut the bark in 1 by 3inch pieces and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [8 ounces very good semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 8 ounces very good bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 cup whole roasted, salted cashews, 1 cup chopped dried apricots, 12 cup dried cranberries], title: French Chocolate Bark, picturelink: MJaqssfxtmjvu8iObdi01hbJYIKdQXG}, 14442: {instructions: For the jam: Combine the peaches, sugar and lemon juice in a nonreactive medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally. Reduce the heat and simmer, mashing the peaches occasionally with a potato masher, until the mixture thickens and sticks to a spoon, about 20 minutes.nRemove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the raspberries. Let cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally. Transfer the jam to a nonreactive container with a lid and refrigerate until ready to use. The jam will keep in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.nFor the toast: Combine the ricotta, cream, sugar and lemon zest in a bowl and whisk until light and creamy.nSlice the toasts on the diagonal and add a dollop of the whipped ricotta to each piece use the back of a spoon to smear the ricotta across the toast, making a little trough and leaving a big mound on one end. Spoon some of the jam into the trough and drizzle with honey. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds very ripe peaches, peeled and coarsely chopped, 12 to 34 cup granulated sugar, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 pint raspberries, 1 14 cups fresh ricotta, drained, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, cold, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Eight 1inchthick slices dayold brioche, toasted, Honey, for drizzling], title: Whipped Ricotta Toast with Quick PeachRaspberry Jam, picturelink: 5yBJLX3XYbi22EERCiPY9rcjmNOdzNC}, 14443: {instructions: Special equipment: Four 12inch skewersnPrepare a grill for mediumhigh heat.nProcess the mushroom stems and half the parsley in a food processor until nearly pureed, about 20 seconds transfer to a medium bowl. Add the sausage, breadcrumbs, grated Parmesan, garlic, oil, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper to the bowl, and mix until combined.nStuff each mushroom cap with 1 to 2 teaspoons of the filling, depending on the caps size. Give a gentle push to make sure the filling adheres to the cup of the mushroom and mounds a bit over the top. Thread a skewer through the centers of 8 of the stuffed caps the caps should be touching and relatively snug on the skewer. Repeat with the remaining skewers and mushrooms.nBrush the skewered caps with oil, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Lightly oil the grill grates. Grill the skewered caps until the meat is browned around the edges and the mushrooms are charred and beginning to soften, 7 to 9 minutes per side.nTransfer the skewers to a serving platter, and garnish with the remaining parsley, Parmesan shavings and a squeeze of lemon. Serve with the lemon wedges., ingredients: [Three 8ounce packages white mushrooms about 32 mushrooms, wiped clean, stems removed and reserved, 1 cup loosely packed fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, 6 ounces spicy or sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 23 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus 4 ounces for shaving, 1 clove garlic, grated, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing and for oiling the grill grates, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: StuffedMushroom Skewers, picturelink: 5ZxmZlZJSZPEJOA6qexPqz0LwLCCHG}, 14444: {instructions: To make the grits, bring the chicken broth to a boil in a heavybottomed stockpot or large saucepan. Slowly pour in grits, stirring constantly. Reduce the heat to low and continue to stir so that the grits so not settle to the bottom and scorch. In about 5 minutes, the grits will plump up and become a thick mass.nContinue to cook the grits for about 20 to 25 minutes, stirring frequently. The grits should have absorbed all of the stock and become soft.nStir in the heavy cream and cook for another 10 minutes, stirring frequently. The grits should have a thick consistency and be creamy, like oatmeal. Season, to taste, with salt and white pepper. Keep warm over low heat until ready to serve. If the grits become to thick, add warm chicken broth or water to thin them down. To make the Shrimp and Sausage: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the Italian sausage on a baking sheet with raised sides. Place on the top rack of the oven and bake for 10 to 15 minutes or until the sausage is firm and the juices run clear. Cool and cut into small bite size pieces.nHeat the olive oil in a heavy bottomed frying pan over medium heat. Add the sausage and saute for 2 minutes to brown slightly. Add the shrimp and saute until they begin to turn pink, no longer than 1 minute.nAdd 1 cup of chicken broth to deglaze the pan. Add the Tasso Gravy and 1 tablespoon of the parsley. Bring up to a boil and simmer for 1 minute. The last 12 cup of the chicken stock is to be used to thin the gravy, if needed.nDivide the hot grits between 8 warm bowls. Spoon the shrimp, sausage mixture over the grits. Sprinkle with the remaining tablespoon of parsley and serve immediately.nMelt the butter in a heavy bottomed saucepan over low heat. Add the tasso. Saute for 1 minute, browning slightly. Make a roux by adding the flour and stirring until well combined.nContinue to cook over low heat for 5 minutes. Stirring frequently until the roux develops a nutty aroma. Turn the heat up to medium and gradually add 2 cups of the chicken broth, stirring vigorously. Keep stirring constantly until the broth begins to thicken and is smooth. Gradually add the remaining 2 cups of broth, stirring constantly until the broth thickens into gravy. Reduce the heat and simmer over low heat for 15 minutes to cook out the starchy flavor. Add the parsley. Simmer for another 5 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and white pepper., ingredients: [12 cups chicken broth, 4 12 cups coarse stone ground white grits, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and white pepper, 12 pound spicy Italian sausage, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 pounds medium or large peeled and deveined shrimp, see Cooks Note, 1 12 cups chicken broth, Tasso gravy, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 cup sliced tasso, cut into 1inch strips, 12 cup flour, 4 cups chicken broth, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, Salt and white pepper], title: Magnolias Spicy Shrimp, Sausage, and Tasso Gravy Over Creamy White Grits, picturelink: null}, 14445: {instructions: Heat a grill or grill pan until hot, or preheat broiler. Cook peppers until completely charred, turning frequently so all sides cook evenly, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Place peppers in a deep bowl, and cover bowl with plastic wrap. Set bowl aside until the skins loosen and the peppers are cool enough to handle, about 15 minutes. Using your hands, rub off the charred skin, rinsing your hands frequently under cold running water. Slice peppers in half, and remove the seeds and stems. Cut flesh into 1inch wide strips.nIn a medium bowl, combine the mustard and vinegar. Gradually whisk in the olive oil. Whisk in 2 tablespoons warm water. Whisk in salt and pepper to taste, and set the vinaigrette aside.nSlice loaf of bread lengthwise and remove soft crumb reserve crumb for another use. Spread olive paste on the bottom crust, and add the pepper strips. Crumble the goat cheese on top of peppers. Arrange artichoke hearts over goat cheese. Drizzle half of the reserved vinaigrette on top. Arrange prosciutto and salami over artichoke hearts. Drizzle with the remaining vinaigrette. Scatter herbs over meats. Place the top crust on sandwich.nWrap the sandwich tightly with plastic wrap. Set a weight, such as a brick or large castiron skillet on top for at least 1 hour. When ready to serve, slice sandwich into 10 pieces., ingredients: [3 medium red bell peppers, 1 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 loaf rustic Italian bread, such as ciabatta, 12 cup prepared black olive paste, 8 ounces fresh goat cheese, 8 ounces marinated artichoke hearts, 6 ounces prosciutto, thinly sliced, 14 pound peppered salami, thinly sliced, 2 14 cups loosely packed mixed fresh herbs, such as basil, cilantro, or parsley], title: Pressed Picnic Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 14446: {instructions: Add Tanqueray London Dry Gin and lime juicenServe over ice in highball glassnTop with soda water, ingredients: [1.25 oz. Tanqueray London Dry Gin, .25 oz. lime juice, 1 oz. soda water], title: Gin Rickey, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 14447: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bring a full kettle to the boil for a water bath.nMelt 1 cup sugar with a spoonful of water in a heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat until the sugar dissolves. Do not stir with a spoon. Swirl the pan slightly over the heat, until the sugar turns golden. Pour the sugar into an 8inch metal cake pan, swirl to coat the bottom and sides. The sugar will harden in about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk together the coconut milk, eggs, rum and remaining 12 cup sugar. Strain the custard over the hardened caramel. Scatter over the lime zest and toasted coconut, and swirl a bit with a spoon to blend evenly. Set the cake pan in a roasting pan and add enough boiling water to come halfway up the cake pan. Bake in the water bath until set, about 40 minutes. Cool. Refrigerate the flan at least 4 hours before serving. When ready, dip the bottom of the pan in warm water, place a large plate over the top of the pan, and invert. The flan should unmold easily with the caramel sauce., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 2 cups coconut milk, 6 eggs, 1 tablespoon rum, Zest of 2 limes, 12 cup shredded coconut, toasted], title: Coconut Flan, picturelink: null}, 14448: {instructions: In a saucepan, melt the margarine. Add the garlic clove, mustard, onion, ranch rub, steak dust, honey and cola and bring to a simmer. Then add the Worcestershire, ketchup, lemons, and the hot sauce. Cook for 20 to 30 minutes and let it simmer down. Dip chicken in sauce and put on grill. Keep applying sauce onto chicken until cooked.nServe as well on side for brisket dippin Dig in, ingredients: [14 pound margarine, 1 garlic clove, crushed, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 onion chopped, 1 teaspoon ranch rub recommended: Bob Tallmans, 1 teaspoon steak dust recommended: Bob Tallmans, 12 cup honey, 34 cup cola recommended: Coca Cola, 1 bottle Worcestershire sauce, 1 bottle ketchup, 2 lemons, halved, 1 bottle hot sauce, 4 chicken breasts, boneless or bonein], title: BBQ Chicken with Trish Lynns Grandmas Famous BBQ Sauce, picturelink: xEST1jNkOqE3n2iXu8LuxBrHoM0rnW}, 14449: {instructions: Make dough: In workbowl of a food processor fitted with metal blade combine flours and salt. Cut butter and lard into small pieces, add to workbowl and process 5 seconds. Add cheese and pulse onoff 2 times to mix. With motor running, pour in enough vinegar mixture in a slow steady stream for dough to form a ball process 10 to 15 seconds. Turn dough out onto work surface. If dough appears too dry, work in 1 to 2 more teaspoons water. Specks of butter and cheese will be visible in dough. Shape dough into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap and chill at least 2 hours or overnight before using.nMake filling: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. As you slice apples, toss them gently with lemon juice. Whisk together sugar, flour, cinnamon and salt, add to apple slices and toss gently to coat evenly.nDivide dough into 2 unequal pieces, making piece for top crust slightly larger. On a lightlyfloured work surface roll smaller piece into an 11inch round. Line pie plate with bottom crust and fill with apples. Using your hands shape them into a firmlypacked mound slightly higher in center than at sides dot with butter. Trim edges of bottom crust to a 3inch overhang. Roll out remaining dough to an 11inch round and arrange over filling. Trim edges of top crust to a :inch overhang, fold top crust under edge of bottom crust and flute edges decoratively, pressing together with your thumb and forefinger. Cut 3 1 34inch slashes in center of top crust.nBake pie 20 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F and continue to bake 30 to 40 minutes more, until pastry is golden brown and juices are bubbling. Ten minutes before end of baking, brush top with egg glaze and sprinkle with sugar. Cool on a wire rack before serving slightly warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 14 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 14 cup cake flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, frozen solid, slightly thawed, 2 tablespoons lard or vegetable shortening, frozen solid, slightly thawed, 1 cup grated extrasharp Cheddar cheese, 2 teaspoons white vinegar mixed with 13 cup very cold water, 6 to 7 large Delicious apples 3 pounds, peeled, cored and sliced thinly into 116inch thick slices, 2 tablespoons freshlysqueezed lemon juice, 1 cup sugar, plus additional for sprinkling, 13 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon cinnamon, 38 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon cold water, for glaze], title: Cheddar Crust Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 14450: {instructions: Cut the eggplants in 12 lengthwise and then slice crosswise into wedges, no more than 1inch wide.nHeat a wok or large skillet over mediumhigh flame and add the oils tilt the pan to coat all sides. When you see a slight smoke, add a layer of eggplant, stirfry until seared and sticky, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove the eggplant to a side platter and cook the remaining eggplant in same manner, adding more oil, if needed.nAfter all the eggplant is out of the pan, add the green onions, ginger, garlic, and chile stirfry for a minute until fragrant. Add the broth. In a small bowl, mix the soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, and cornstarch until the sugar and cornstarch are dissolved. Pour the soy sauce mixture into the wok and cook another minute, until the sauce has thickened. Put the eggplant back in the pan, tossing quickly, until the sauce is absorbed. Garnish with sesame seeds, Thai basil, and cilantro and serve., ingredients: [5 Asian eggplants, about 2 pounds, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 green onions, white and green parts, sliced on a diagonal, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 fresh red chile, sliced, 12 cup chicken broth, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, for garnish, Thai holy basil and fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Szechwan Eggplant StirFry, picturelink: null}, 14451: {instructions: Make the dipping sauce: Whisk the pineapple preserves and teriyaki sauce in a bowl.nMake the chicken fingers: Combine the egg white and the flavor packet from one ramen package in a large bowl discard the remaining flavor packet. Add the chicken and toss to coat.nPulse the ramen noodles in a food processor to make fine crumbs. Transfer the crumbs to a baking sheet and stir in the sesame seeds.nHeat 12 inch of vegetable oil in a large skillet or heavybottomed pot until hot but not smoking. Remove the chicken from the egg white mixture, shaking off any excess, and coat with the ramen crumbs, pressing firmly to adhere. Fry the chicken in batches, adjusting the heat if necessary, until golden brown and cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a rack set over a baking sheet to drain. Serve with the dipping sauce.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [12 cup pineapple preserves, 2 tablespoons teriyaki sauce, For the chicken fingers:, 1 large egg white, 2 3ounce packages chickenflavored ramen noodles, broken into chunks, 2 large skinless, boneless chicken breasts, each cut into 8 strips, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, Vegetable or peanut oil, for frying], title: Ramen Chicken Fingers, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 14452: {instructions: Remove wing tips and feet from duck. Neck skin should be intact with only a tiny hole made about 2 inches above the base of the neck. Remove cavity fat and discard.nRinse the duck and massage the entire body by rubbing the skin back and forth, loosening it from the meat. Make sure skin is not punctured. Insert a bicycle pump hose into the neck hole. Keep cavity closed as you pump air into the duck  inflating it until the skin is taut, rubbing and rolling the skin as it is being inflated to distribute air evenly. Insert a meat hook through the neck bone and hang to dry, in a cool place, for 1 hour.nIn a wok combine the boiling water, honey, rice wine, white vinegar, and cornstarch slurry, and stir until lightly thickened. Hold the duck by the hook and dip it in and out of the boiling water, turning it from side to side, while ladling water over the skin. Do this until the skin is well coated, about 1 minute. Then hang duck up to dry for at least 12 hours or overnight in a draft near a window or other breezy place, spreading paper on floor to catch drippings. If no cool area is available, hang duck from back of a chair and blow a fan on it for several hours. Alternatively, set duck, unwrapped, on a rack with a pan underneath to catch drippings. Refrigerate, turning occasionally.nIf your oven is large and tall, remove all racks except the top one. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Cover a large pan with aluminum foil to reflect heat and to catch drippings and place the pan in the bottom of the oven. Hook the duck vertically over the top rack in the center of the oven over the drip pan. Roast for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 and roast for 1 14 hours.nAlternatively, use a vertical roasting rack set in a roasting pan and roast as above. Or place the duck on a rack over the roasting pan in the middle of the oven and roast at 425 degrees for 15 minutes. Turn breast side down and roast another 15 minutes. Turn again, reduce heat to 350 and roast for 34 hour.nFor the pancakes: Mix the flour with the boiling water until combined, and add 1 tablespoon cold water to mixture. Knead the dough for 4 minutes, or until soft and smooth. Let it rest for 30 minutes, covered with a bowl.nDivide the dough into 2 equal portions and knead it until smooth. Roll one portion into a 16inch log and divide it into 16 pieces. Repeat with the remaining dough. Take each piece and stand it upright on the heel of your hand, round off the dough and then flatten it with your other hand into a circle 2 to 2 12 inches in diameter. Paint surface of half of the pieces with pastry brush dipped in sesame oil place remaining pieces on the oiled pieces, making 16 pairs. Using rolling pin roll the pairs into thin pancakes about 6 to 6 14 inches in diameter, rotating circles frequently to insure even thickness.nHeat an unoiled frying pan until hot. Add 1 pair of cakes and fry 1 minute or until light brown spots appear underneath. Lift up the edges to check for spots. Turn them over and allow them to puff up, indicating they are done. Separate each pair into 2 pancakes. Repeat with remaining pancakes. Transfer the pancakes to a steamer and steam them for 5 to 10 minutes.nTo finish the duck: Put the duck in a wok with 4 to 6inches of oil, heated to 375 degrees.. Ladle the oil over duck. Cook the duck in this fashion for 2 12 minutes per side to crisp the skin.nPut the duck on a cutting board. Disjoint the wings and drumsticks and place them apart at either end of serving platter, outlining the form of a whole duck. With a razor sharp knife carve the skin on the duck with a very thin layer of meat, trying to make slices as large as possible. Transfer them to the platter. Remove all the meat from the carcass and cut it into strips about 1  inches long. Arrange the meat strips in center of platter and then cut the strips of skin crosswise into comparable pieces. Lay these over meat.nTo eat: put a pancake on a plate, smear on some Hoisin sauce with scallion brush if desired and top with 1 or 2 pieces of skin, either on their own or with meat as well. Add a scallion brush and roll up the pancake.nSuggested drink: Chinese Black Tea, ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups boiling water, 1 tablespoon cold water, Sesame oil to taste, Scallion Brushes and Hoisin Sauce as accompaniments, if desired, 4 12 to 5 pound Peking duck, head intact with cavity hole as small as possible, 6 cups water, 1 teaspoon honey, 4 tablespoons rice wine, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 5 tablespoons cornstarch slurry mixed with water to a gravy consistency, Vegetable oil for deep frying], title: Peking Duck, picturelink: null}, 14453: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, in a large skillet or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, bay leaves and garlic and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir for 3 to 4 minutes, then cover the pan and sweat the onions for3 to 4 minutes more. Uncover the pot and stir in the olives.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon butter in a mediumhigh sided skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Slice 2 lemons and gently brown the slices, in 2 batches. As they brown, add them to the pan with the onions. Add 3 more tablespoons butter to the pan and let it melt, then add saffron threads and the zest of l lemon to the melted butter and stir for 1 minute. Whisk in the flour, cook for a minute more, then whisk in 2 12 cups of the chicken stock. Season the sauce with turmeric, cumin and cinnamon and let thicken for a couple of minutes. Stir in the juice of remaining 2 lemons and reduce the heat to low. Add the chicken and sauce to the onions and gently stir to combine. Cool and store for a makeahead meal or, cover the pan to warm the chicken through and combine flavors.nWhen ready to serve, prepare couscous. Put the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter in a medium pot or pan with tightfitting lid and let it melt over medium heat. Add the pine nuts and gently toast them to light golden brown. Stir in the remaining 1 12 cups of chicken stock and bring it to a boil. Stir in the couscous, turn off heat, cover the pan and let stand for 5 minutes. Fluff the couscous with a fork and add the mint and parsley. Spoon the couscous into a serving bowl.nTransfer the chicken mixture to a serving bowl or platter and serve with the couscous., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 medium onions peeled, each cut into 6 wedges, root end intact, 4 bay leaves, 4 large cloves garlic, crushed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup good quality pitted large green olives, 5 tablespoons butter, 4 Meyer lemons or organic lemons, 2 sliced, 1 zested and juiced, plus 1 juiced, 1 generous pinch saffron threads, 12 to 15 threads, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 quart homemade or storebought chicken stock, 1 12 teaspoons turmeric, half a palmful, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, half a palmful, 1 pinch ground cinnamon, 1 12 to 2 pounds poached chicken, diced or shredded, 14 cup pine nuts, 1 12 cups couscous, 14 cup finely chopped mint leaves, 14 cup finely chopped parsley leaves], title: Golden LemonOlive Chicken with Pine Nut Couscous, picturelink: 481UUG395T29Ch7MBANz0LJgOGJ7bTm}, 14454: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, vinegar, chipotle puree, mustard, celery salt and celery seed in a large bowl. Add the cabbage, onion, and carrot and stir to combine. Fold in the blue cheese, parsley and potato chips. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon chipotle puree, 2 heaping tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon celery salt, 12 teaspoon celery seed, 12 head green cabbage, finely shredded, 12 head red cabbage, finely shredded, 1 small red onion, grated, 2 carrots, julienned, 34 cup crumbled blue cheese recommended: Cabrales, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley or cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Potato chips, lightly crushed recommended: Lays], title: Blue Cheese Cabbage Slaw, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 14455: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThe night before, pick over the peas and discard any stones. Place in a large pot or bowl, cover with water and let soak overnight. Drain and rinse.nCombine the peas, bay leaf, cumin and 3 cups water in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat and bring to a rapid simmer. Cook for 5 minutes, then reduce the heat to low and cook, uncovered, until tender, 25 to 30 minutes. If the water gets low, add more to just cover the peas. Strain the peas and remove the bay leaf.nCombine the cooked peas and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Let stand while you fry the olives.nHeat the oil in a medium castiron skillet over medium heat until hot. Add the olives and cook until fragrant and the outsides blister, 3 to 5 minutes. Pour the olives and oil over the peas. Add the parsley, parsnip, green onions and lemon juice and toss to combine. Season to taste with freshly ground black pepper and 12 teaspoon salt. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 cup dried blackeyed peas, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup kalamata olives, pitted and halved, 12 bunch fresh parsley, chopped about 14 cup, 1 parsnip, peeled and shredded, 3 green onions, light and dark green parts sliced on the bias, whites reserved for another use, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Black EyedPea Salad with Fried Kalamata Olives and Parsnip, picturelink: xFZK95KntynCTuXEntsZSre0WqrCsH6}, 14456: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nTo make the compote: In a medium heavybottom pot, bring the water and sugar to a boil. Continue cooking until the mixture is reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Turn the heat to mediumlow and add the remaining ingredients except the cheese and bread. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the kumquats are soft, 5 to 6 minutes. Let cool to room temperature. Makes about 12 cup.nCut the bread slices into 3 pieces each. Place on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until light brown. Turn the slices and toast. Let cool completely.nTo serve, place a little compote on each slice of bread. Serve the cheese alongside., ingredients: [1 cup water, 14 cup sugar, 14 pound kumquats, cut crosswise into 18inchthick slices and seeded, 2 teaspoons whole peppercorns, 1 star anise, 6 large slices hearty Italianstyle bread, 6 ounces aged cows milk cheese or use any aged goats or sheeps milk cheese], title: KumquatPeppercorn Compote with Cows Milk Cheese, picturelink: jmfcpeAEfppogi8FpDSDpYk9jIDBZy}, 14457: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the potatoes on a baking sheet and rub with the olive oil. Bake until soft enough to yield to gentle pressure, about 1 hour. Let cool for 10 minutes.nHeat the milk and butter in a small pot over low heat. Slice the potatoes in half lengthwise and scoop out the flesh into a bowl, leaving just a little bit behind to give the skins some structure. Place the scoopedout potato skins back on the baking sheet and set aside.nMash the potatoes with a masher until there are no large clumps. Add the heated milk and butter as well as the Gruyere, sour cream, half of the chives, and salt and pepper to taste. Mix with a wooden spoon until well blended and smooth. Scoop the mashed potatoes back into the potato skins and top each with some of the Cheddar.nReturn the potatoes to the oven bake for 20 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter, garnish with the remaining chives, and serve., ingredients: [4 large russet potatoes, pricked with a fork, 4 teaspoons olive oil, 14 cup milk, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup grated Gruyere, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 12 cup grated sharp Cheddar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Two and Two Potatoes, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 14458: {instructions: In a large bowl, sift together the flour, sugar, salt, mace, and nutmeg set aside. In a small saucepan, combine the 1 cup milk and 10 tablespoons butter over mediumlow heat until butter is melted. Let stand until lukewarm, about 5 minutes.nPour water into a small bowl sprinkle with yeast. Let stand 2 to 3 minutes stir to dissolve yeast completely. Add the dissolved yeast, warm milk mixture, and eggs to the flour mixture. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and knead until fairly smooth. Transfer dough to a large bowl.nAdd the currants and the raisins in their liquid, the zests, citron, apricots, and almonds, and then work them into the dough. Transfer dough to work surface and knead for about 10 minutes. If the dough is sticky, knead in more flour, but be careful not to overwork.nButter a large bowl with remaining 1 tablespoon melted butter. Place the dough in the bowl, turning to coat. Cover with a kitchen towel, and let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk, about 1 12 to 2 12 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPunch dough down, roll into a rectangle about 16 by 24 inches and 14inch thick. Starting with a long side, roll up tightly, forming a long, thin cylinder. Carefully transfer dough to a silpat or parchment lined baking sheet join ends together, pinching with fingers if necessary to make it stick, forming a large circle.nUsing sharp kitchen scissors, make cuts along outside of circle, in 2inch intervals, cutting 23 of the way through the dough. Twist each segment outward, forming a wreath shape with all the segments overlapping.nCover dough with a clean kitchen towel set aside to rise for 30 minutes. Dough will rise only a little bit. Brush dough with remaining 2 tablespoons melted butter. Bake until golden brown and crusty, about 45 minutes, rotating baking sheet halfway through the baking. Place baking sheet on a wire rack to cool. Dust with confectioners sugar before serving., ingredients: [5 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for kneading, 6 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground mace, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup milk, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 3 tablespoons, melted, 14 cup warm water, 2 packages active dry yeast 5 teaspoons, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup currants, soaked in 14 cup cognac, 1 14 cups golden raisins, soaked in 14 cup orange juice, 2 oranges, zest grated, 1 lemon, zest grated, 34 cup chopped citron, 14 cup chopped dried apricots, 1 14 cups blanched almonds, coarsely chopped, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Stollen Wreath, picturelink: null}, 14459: {instructions: In a small saucepan, make a simple syrup by bringing the lemon juice and sugar to a boil over medium heat. Cook the syrup until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and cool.nIn a large pitcher, mix together the mint leaves, simple syrup, iced tea and vodka. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to allow mint to steep. Serve over icefilled glasses., ingredients: [1 cup fresh lemon juice, 23 cup sugar, 1 cup packed mint leaves, chopped or muddled, 2 cups fresh iced tea, 1 12 cups vodka], title: Flying Eagle Iced Tea, picturelink: E8Hdb0hhoWqFBBIjmoRdYaVDfXwOqWe}, 14460: {instructions: Put 4 tablespoons butter in skillet over mediumhigh heat. When foam subsides, add scallops sprinkle with salt and pepper. Brown on both sides, adjusting heat so they brown nicely they need not cook through. Remove them to a plate.nTurn off heat, cool pan a bit and wipe out. Add remaining 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat. When it melts, add shallots, garlic, chile flakes and a little more salt and pepper. Cook about 2 minutes, or until shallots soften.nAdd wine, raise heat a bit, and let bubble away for a minute or so until reduced by about 12 add cream and repeat. When liquid is thick, return scallops and juices to pan.nCook for about a minute, stirring in 12 the basil, until scallops are just firm. Taste and adjust seasoning, transfer to small bowls or plates with a bit of sauce, garnish with remaining basil, and serve., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 12 sea scallops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped shallots, 1 clove garlic, slivered, Pinch crushed red chile flakes, 12 cup dry white wine, 34 cup heavy cream, 20 basil leaves, cut in thin ribbons], title: Scallops with Cream and Basil, picturelink: null}, 14461: {instructions: For the espresso cake: Place a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line two 8inch round cake pans with parchment paper and grease with nonstick cooking spray.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the cake mix, oil, vanilla liquor, espresso powder, vanilla extract, salt, eggs and 1 cup water. Beat on low speed for 30 seconds, and then on medium speed for 2 minutes, scraping the bowl with a spatula occasionally. Pour the batter evenly into the cake pans and smooth the tops with a spatula.nBake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cakes comes out clean, 28 to 30 minutes. Cool the cakes for 20 minutes in the pans, then turn the cakes out onto a wire rack to cool completely, about 1 hour.nFor the caramel glass: Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat. Place the granulated sugar and vanilla liquor in a small saucepan and cook, without stirring, until the mixture is a deep amber color, about 5 minutes. Pour the caramel onto the prepared baking sheet and allow to cool to room temperature. Once cooled, break into shards.nFor the Tuscan buttercream: Place the butter in the bowl of a stand mixer and beat with the paddle attachment until light and smooth, about 1 minute. Add the powdered sugar, vanilla liquor, vanilla extract and salt and beat on low until combined, about 30 seconds increase the speed to medium and beat until fluffy, about 2 minutes.nAssembly: Place one of the cakes flatside up on a cake stand, leveling the top of the cake with a serrated knife if necessary. Using a spatula, spread 14 cup of the buttercream evenly over the cake, leaving a 12inch border. Place the other cake layer on top and frost the entire cake with the remaining buttercream, using the tip of the spatula to make decorative swirls in the buttercream. Press the chopped espresso beans around the outside of the cake and garnish the top with caramel glass., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the cake pans, One 16.5ounce box devils food cake mix, 12 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup vanillacitrus liquor, such as Tuaca, 2 tablespoons espresso powder, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 3 eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons vanillacitrus liquor, such as Tuaca, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 cups powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons vanillacitrus liquor, such as Tuaca, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup chocolatecovered espresso beans, coarsely chopped, for garnish], title: Espresso Cake with Tuscan Liquor Buttercream and Caramel Glass, picturelink: owmbqvSEp8Jbkbz4b30F7vn8IrNHuO}, 14462: {instructions: Combine the butter, apricot preserves, and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [18 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 pound unsalted butter at room temperature, 12 cup good apricot preserves], title: Apricot Butter, picturelink: b1dhku6mRAMNSAhGw.anCHUedHKwFm}, 14463: {instructions: Heat grill on mediumhigh.nCook sausages for 10 minutes, making sure to turn to prevent burning. Season fennel with salt and pepper, brush with olive oil, and grill until brown and tender, about 20 minutes. When cool enough to handle, slice the sausages on the bias into 14inch slices, and cut the fennel into similarly sized pieces. Keep the sausage and fennel warm until ready to use.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil for the pasta. Cook the pasta al dente.nIn another large pot of water, add lemon, onion, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil. Add trimmed artichokes and top with a small plate to weight down artichokes. Cook until hearts are almost tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from pot and pat dry. Season with salt and pepper, and place on grill to cook for 5 minutes. When cool enough to handle, halve the artichokes.nIn a medium sized bowl, mix the vinegar and mustard. Slowly whisk in oil until emulsified. Mix in salt, sugar, and pepper. Toss the sausage, fennel, artichokes, and pasta with walnut vinaigrette and plate, garnishing with the whole parsley leaves. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 sweet sausages, 2 bulbs fennel, quartered, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for grilling, 12 pound dry farfalle butterfly or bowtie pasta, 1 lemon, halved, 1 small onion, diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 20 baby artichokes, trimmed, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 34 cup walnut oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 bunch flat leaf parsley, leaves picked], title: Grilled Sausage, Fennel, and Baby Artichoke Spring Pasta, picturelink: null}, 14464: {instructions: BRISKET: Mix garlic, parsley, 1 tablespoon cumin, 14 cup olive oil together in a small bowl. Rub the mixture all over the brisket to coat and then sprinkle brisket on all sides with salt and pepper.nPrepare smoker by placing 2 tablespoons wood chips into pan bottom, then spray drip tray and grill rack with nonstick spray. Wrap drip tray in foil and place pan on top of chips. Put grill rack in next, place brisket on top. Put on lid, leaving open a crack and place smoker on med. Heat. When whips of smoke starts to escape, close smoker and smoke brisket for 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place brisket in pan in oven for additional hour. Remove from oven and let rest. Slice thinly and serve on garlic buns.nGARLIC BUNS: Split buns if not already split and place cut side up on cookie sheet. In small pan or microwave, melt butter and add garlic. Brush garlic butter on cut sides of buns. Set aside until just before serving. When ready to serve, preheat oven broiler and broil buns until lightly toasted. Remove from oven, sprinkle lightly with finishing salt. Serve with brisket., ingredients: [1 45 pound boneless whole beef brisket, 6 cloves garlic finely minced, 1 bunch parsley, chopped, 1 tablespoon cumin, 14 cup olive oil, salt and freshly ground black pepper, 812 packaged Kaiser rolls or other crusty sandwich, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 large clove garlic, chopped or sprinkled garlic powder can be substituted., finishing salt optional], title: Stovetop Smoked Brisket on Garlic Buns, picturelink: null}, 14465: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a cast iron skillet over high heat so pan gets really hot. Season the steak with salt, pepper, and chopped parsley. Add the oil to the pan. Sear the steak on both sides, until wellbrowned and crisp, about 4 minutes per side. Place the pan in the oven and cook for 10 minutes, or until mediumrare.nTo make the berry relish: Remove the steak from the pan and rest before serving. In the steak pan, over medium heat, add the red wine and deglaze the pan, scraping up any brown bits from the steak. Add the sliced shallots, blueberries, blackberries, and sliced strawberries. Cook the relish for 10 minutes, or until the fruit has softened, but still holds its shape.nTop the steak with the TriBerry relish and Crispy Onion Strings and serve.nIn a deep saute pan, over mediumhigh heat, heat 1inch of oil until it reaches 350 degrees F. Pour the milk into a shallow bowl. In a separate shallow bowl or pan, add the flour. Coat the onion slices in milk and then toss the onions in the flour until fully coated. Shake off the excess flour and carefully deep fry the onions until golden brown.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large pot, cook the macaroni according to package directions for al dente. Drain the macaroni and pour the macaroni back into the hot pot.nIn a saucepan over medium heat, combine the heavy whipping cream, shredded Cheddar and mozzarella cheese. Stir until the mixture is melted and smooth. Pour the cheese sauce over the strained macaroni and mix well. Then pour the noodles into a baking dish and add the chopped prosciutto and mix well. Sprinkle the reserved shredded cheese on top. Bake in a preheated oven until browned on top, about 35 minutes.nRemove the macaroni and cheese from the oven and drizzle with white truffle oil., ingredients: [1 7ounce New York strip steak, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup red wine, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 pint fresh blueberries, 1 pint fresh blackberries, 1 pint fresh strawberries, hulled and sliced in half, Crispy Onion Strings, for serving, recipe follows, Baked Macaroni and Cheese with Prosciutto and Truffle Oil, recipe follows, Canola oil, for frying, Milk, for coating, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 1 yellow onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 1pound box elbow macaroni, 1 quart heavy whipping cream, 1 pound shredded Cheddar cheese, reserve some for the topping, 1 pound shredded mozzarella cheese, reserve some for the topping, 5 ounces prosciutto, thinly sliced and roughly chopped, White truffle oil, for drizzling], title: New York Strip Steak with TriBerry Relish, Crispy Onion Strings and Baked Macaroni and Cheese with Prosciutto and Truffle Oil, picturelink: 2ZqyguWfnifsXacNYBdun4WVVafDIH6}, 14466: {instructions: Dry roast the salt, pepper, and five spice pepper in a pan. Remove from the heat, allow to cool, then combine with the sugar and mix well. Set aside. In a deep fry pan or wok, bring the oil to 350 degrees F. Dust the prawns in the flour and fry 2 prawns at a time in order to keep the oil at a constant high heat. Cook the prawns about 1 minute. Remove the prawns and place on a rack set over a baking sheet or on kitchen paper towels to absorb the excess oil. Repeat with the remaining prawns and set aside. Carefully remove the fry pan or wok from the heat. Place a separate fry pan over medium heat, and add a dash of oil. Next add the garlic, red shallots, chile, and spring onion, and cook until fragrant. Now add the fried prawns, tossing as you sprinkle the salt, pepper, and five spice mixture, making sure you coat the prawns well. Remove the prawns and serve with lime., ingredients: [2 teaspoons sea salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon five spice powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, 6 jumbo prawns, head and legs removed, optional, 2 cups corn flour or potato starch, Vegetable oil, for frying about 4 cups, 1 tablespoon finely diced garlic, 1 tablespoon finely diced red Asian shallot, 2 chiles, sliced, 4 spring onions, sliced into 1 12inch pieces, 1 lime, quartered], title: Salt and Pepper Tiger Prawns: Tom Rang Muoi, picturelink: null}, 14467: {instructions: Cooks Note: If you cant find fresh ricotta cheese, use the carton variety and strain through a fine mesh strainer for 1 hour before using.nWhisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a bowl. Combine the ricotta, milk, egg yolks, vanilla and zest in a separate bowl and whisk until smooth.nBeat the egg whites in an electric mixer until stiff. Add the dry ingredients to the ricotta and milk, stirring gently until just combined. Whisk in a small amount of the egg whites to lighten the batter, then fold in the remaining whites.nHeat a castiron griddle or large nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat and brush the surface with butter or spray with nonstick cooking spray. Spoon a scant 13 cup of the batter onto the pan and cook the pancakes for 3 or 4 minutes. Flip, cooking until both sides are golden brown. Stack the pancakes and serve topped with the Fig and Pistachio Compote. Dust with confectioners sugar and garnish with mint sprigs.nAdd the figs, butter, honey, brown sugar, pistachios, and a pinch of salt and pepper to a castiron skillet set over high heat. Cook for about 2 minutes, stirring frequently, until the syrup begins to bubble and the figs just soften. Transfer to a plate to cool slightly., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch fine sea salt, 1 cup fresh ricotta cheese, 34 cup whole milk, 3 eggs, separated, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Finely grated zest of 1 orange, Butter or nonstick cooking spray, for cooking, Fig and Pistachio Compote, recipe follows, Confectioners sugar, for garnish, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish, 12 ounces fresh figs, quartered, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup clover honey, 14 cup lightly packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup lightly toasted pistachios, coarsely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Orange Ricotta Pancakes with Caramelized Fig and Pistachio Compote, picturelink: WU0.lrE2QkabMx7jUSbFYGkNYvrqG}, 14468: {instructions: Carefully slice one VitaTop in half lengthwise, so that you are left with 2 thin round slices.nEvenly place 14th of the whipped topping on one slice. Top with 14th of the banana slices, followed by the other slice.nRepeat with the remaining VitaTops, whipped topping, and banana slices. Freeze them until solid, about 1 hour. So good, ingredients: [4 Vitalicious VitaTops any chocolate flavor, frozen, 34 cup fatfree whipped topping, thawed from frozen, 1 banana, very thinly sliced], title: FreezyCool Banana Whoopie Pies, picturelink: z1ss43jSpc26F193e5SNWypCfEjoc0m}, 14469: {instructions: Rinse pieces of catfish fillet quickly in cold water. Pat dry. Season fish with salt and pepper. Combine buttermilk, milk and eggs. Beat ingredients well. Add salt and pepper to cornmeal. Heat oil in skillet about 350 degrees. Dip fish in milk mixture and then in corn meal. Pan fry fish in hot oil until golden brown. Remove and drain oil from fish on a paper towel. Garnish with lemon wedges before serving., ingredients: [4 pieces catfish fillet, Salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup milk, 2 large eggs, 1 pound cornmeal, Salt and pepper to taste for the cornmeal, 2 cups canola oil, 4 lemon wedges], title: Fried Catfish, picturelink: null}, 14470: {instructions: Begin by removing the chorizo from their casings. Set a medium saucepan over medium heat and coat with a little canola oil. Add the chorizo and use a spoon to break up the pieces into smaller chunks. Add the garlic and jalapeno. Allow the chorizo to cook and render for 4 to 5 minutes. When the oil is fragrant and red from the chorizo spices, add the cumin and black beans including the liquid from one of the cans. Add 12 cup water, bring to a simmer and cook for 15 minutes to allow the flavors to come together. Add the lime juice and season with salt and pepper.nServe the beans in a large bowl garnished with crumbled Cotija cheese and chopped cilantro., ingredients: [4 ounces Mexican chorizo about 2 links, Canola oil, for greasing pan, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 jalapeno, minced, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, Two 15.5ounce cans black beans, Juice of 12 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup crumbled Cotija cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Mexican Pork and Beans, picturelink: null}, 14471: {instructions: To make the spice mix, stir together salt and spices in a sealable plastic bag. Store up to 1 month.nPop as much corn as you want. While hot, mix well with melted butter you need butter for spices to stick to corn. In a big bowl or a paper bag, sprinkle spices over buttered popcorn, using about 1 tablespoon mixture for every 4 cups popped corn. Stir or shake to coat well., ingredients: [2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons ground chile powder, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, Popcorn kernels, Butter], title: Spiced Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 14472: {instructions: Toss 1 pound chopped eggplant, 3 unpeeled shallots and 3 unpeeled garlic cloves with 14 cup olive oil, salt and pepper on a baking sheet. Roast at 400 degrees for 30 minutes. Add some walnuts bake for 8 more minutes. Cool slightly, then squeeze the shallots and garlic from their skins and chop toss with the eggplant, nuts, 12 cup plain yogurt, fresh dill and salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Eggplant with Yogurt and Dill, picturelink: sJnA1k2KSvihwo4PJtwdFBnD3X6BD.y}, 14473: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nDrizzle the shanks with the oil and sprinkle with the salt and pepper blend, ensuring the seasoning is even. Next, place the shanks, mirepoix carrots, celery, onions, 2 cups veal stock and the red wine in a roasting pan. Cover with foil and bake in the oven for 2 hours.nOnce cooked, removed from the oven and remove the shanks from the simmered stock. Next, pour the simmered stock through a strainer into a medium saucepan.nNext, heat the simmered stock and remaining 2 cups veal stock over medium heat and slow simmer. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter to finish. Serve with seasonal vegetables or pasta., ingredients: [6 pork shanks, 12 to 16 ounces each, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 3 tablespoons salt and pepper, equal blend, plus more for seasoning, 12 cup smalldiced carrots, 12 cup smalldiced celery, 12 cup smalldiced onions, 4 cups prepared veal stock or sauce, 2 cups red wine, such as cabernet, 2 sticks 12 pound butter, softened, Seasonal vegetables or pasta, for serving], title: Pork Osso Bucco, picturelink: cM8yt0eoNM1fB6hcFYVtctSX.vPSi}, 14474: {instructions: Whisk together the dry rub, salt and pepper in a small mixing bowl. Season the washed and dried game hens with the rub and arrange on a sheet tray. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan over medium heat, add butter to melt. Once melted, add the shallots and saute until tender. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the chicken broth and orange juice. Bring to a simmer and let reduce down to 12 cup, about 10 minutes. It will easily coat the back of a spoon and be slightly syrupy. Once reduced add the apple cider vinegar and hot sauce. Taste for seasoning.nPrepare your grillsmoker for indirect heat with charcoal and hickory chips. Maintain your temperature at 275 degrees F.nArrange the game hens on the grill and cover. Smoke for 40 minutes. Remove the cover and brush the hens with the glaze, making sure to get into all the nooks and crannies. Cover the grill and smoke for an additional 15 minutes. Remove the hens from the grill, to a serving platter and let rest, covered with foil for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Neelys Dry Rub, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 4 1 12 to 2 pounds Cornish game hens, washed and dried well, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 cup chicken broth, 34 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, Dash hot sauce], title: Hickory Smoked Cornish Game Hen, picturelink: null}, 14475: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSpread the tortillas on 1 side with the butter, put them on ungreased baking sheets buttered side up, and toast them in the oven for 5 minutes, or until they are barely golden. The tortillas may be toasted 2 hours ahead and kept covered.nIn a bowl toss together the cheese, scallions, pimiento, jalapeno peppers, cilantro, and and cumin. Sprinkle the mixture on the tortillas, and bake the quesadillas in the 400 degree F. oven for 5 to 8 minutes, or until the cheese is bubbly. Transfer the quesadillas to a cutting board and cut them into wedges., ingredients: [1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 pound Monterey jack, grated, 8 scallions, minced, 12 cup drained and minced bottled pimiento, 4 pickled jalapeno peppers, minced wearing rubber gloves, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 5 10inch or 8 7inch flour tortillas], title: Quesadillas, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 14476: {instructions: Prepare Chicken Meatballs:nIn a mixing bowl mix together ground chicken, garlic, parsley, cheese, beaten egg, salt and pepper.nLoosely shape ground chicken mixture into meatballs no bigger than the inside palm of your hand. Should yield about 12 1 12inch in diameter meatballs.nHeat olive oil in large nonstick frying skillet on stovetop, over mediumhigh heat.nSear all sides of meatballs in hot oil until golden brown and a little firm to the touch.nGently remove meatballs from oil with slotted spoon and drain on flat dish lined with paper towels. Cover with plastic wrap while preparing chicken gravy.nChicken Gravy:nRemove skillet from stove. Scrape bottom of skillet with a wooden spoon and pour remaining oil from skillet into a large nonstick pot at least 6 quarts in size. Add 14 cup olive oil and place pot on stove top. Heat oil over medium heat. Saute rosemary for about 5 minutes. Remove rosemary from oil and discard. Add garlic and saute about 3 minutes, until aromatic and golden brown. Add red onion, sweet onion, shallot, and saute for about 5 minutes, until tender. Scoop out tomato paste from can, and add to onion, garlic and oil mixture. Saute paste for about 5 minutes, blending with onions and garlic using wooden spoon. Stir in plum tomatoes, chicken broth, parsley, basil, salt, pepper, and oregano. Add chicken meatballs and bring gravy to a low boil. Lower heat to very low. Cover pot, and cook gravy for 45 minutes, stirring at least every 15 minutes so gravy does not burn the bottom of the pan.nUncover pot and add white wine, sage, nutmeg, and 1 tablespoon olive oil. Stir and simmer on low heat, uncovered for another 35 minutes, stirring at least every 15 minutes. Gravy should thicken and become a deep red color.nStir in parmesanromano cheese and 1 tablespoon olive oil to gravy and let cook while you prepare the pasta.nNote: If preparing ahead of time, cook gravy with meatballs for 10 more minutes, remove from heat and let cool completely before refrigerating or freezing.nPrepare multigrain spaghetti according to package directions.nTo serve family style, spoon gravy on large serving platter. Top with cooked spaghetti dotted with chicken meatballs. Cover with gravy. Sprinkle with grated cheese and chopped parsley. Serve with extra gravy on the side, crusty Italian wholewheat bread, and a salad with Italian dressing.nMangiare, ingredients: [1 pound ground chicken, 2 large elephant ear garlic cloves, finely minced, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 34 cup grated Parmesan or Romano, 1 egg slightly beaten with 1 tablespoon water, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup light extra virgin olive oil, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons light extravirgin olive oil, 2 fresh sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 cloves elephant ear garlic, minced, 14 red onion, chopped, 14 yellow sweet onion, chopped, 1 small shallot, chopped, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 28ounce cans crushed plum tomatoes with basil recommended: RedPack brand, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley leaves, 6 leaves fresh basil, torn, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 14 teaspoon ground sage, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan or Rromano, 1 teaspoon chopped parsley leaves, 1 14.5 ounce box multigrain spaghetti, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan or Romano, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves], title: Chicken Gravy and Meatballs with Multigrain Spaghetti, picturelink: null}, 14477: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Once preheated, place the oven thermometer in the oven to make sure your oven is reading an accurate temperature and adjust accordingly.nRemove the turkey innards and rinse the turkey well. Pat dry and place on a roasting rack set in a roasting pan. Salt the turkey cavity and squeeze the lemons inside the cavity. Stuff with the lemon rinds, herbs, and 2 onion halves. Add the remaining onion halves, all giblets and turkey parts, and 4 cups water to the bottom of the roasting pan. Rub the skin of the turkey with the butter and season with salt and pepper.nPlace the turkey in the oven and cook until the internal temperature of the breast reaches 165 degrees F on a meat thermometer, 3 12 to 4 hours, basting with pan juices every 30 minutes. Cover the turkey with foil if the browning gets too dark. Remove the turkey when done and allow to rest 20 to 30 minutes before carving., ingredients: [One 16 to 18pound turkey, neck and giblets reserved, Salt, 2 lemons, halved, 6 sprigs fresh rosemary, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 6 sprigs fresh sage, 2 Spanish onions, peeled and halved, 1 stick butter, at room temperature, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Countdown 4 Classic Roasted Turkey, picturelink: QZt0Kahxexu6D4VbZR051Z4sN7xwKxO}, 14478: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 24count minimuffin pan, small icecream scoopnPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 24count minimuffin pan with paper liners.nFor the crust: In a small saucepan, melt the butter over low heat. Add the crumbs and stir until the mixture forms clumps. For the filling: Heat a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until crispy, about 8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the bacon and drain on paper towels. In a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, beat the cream cheese, pumpkin, maple syrup, egg, vanilla, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and salt together until smooth. Mix in the cooked bacon.nUsing the bottom of a shot glass or a small glass bottle, press 1 teaspoon of crust mixture into the bottom of each muffin cup. Using a small icecream scoop, scoop 2 tablespoons of filling batter on top of each crust and bake for 10 to 12 minutes. Cool for 20 minutes and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [20 gingersnap cookies, finely crushed to yield 1 14 cups, or 1 14 cups grahamcracker crumbs, 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 strips thickcut bacon, chopped into 12inch pieces, One 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup canned pumpkin, 14 cup maple syrup, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 18 teaspoon fine salt], title: Bacon Cheesecake Bites, picturelink: tm0O7hSVv8IBfX.mmeV4WiJuB5Wl5Ta}, 14479: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nHeat oil in saute pan over medium heat, until smoking. Add onion and cook until soft, about 10 minutes. Add the eggplant. Stir regularly until soft. Add peppers and cook until soft. Add the vinegar. Remove from heat and cool. Add basil, and season with salt and pepper.nRub bread with garlic cloves and olive oil. Toast bread on both sides in a preheated 400degree oven for about 10 to 15 minutes. Top with heap of eggplant mixture., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 12 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 2 small Japanese eggplants, cut into 14inch thick rounds, 1 red bell pepper, sliced, 1 green bell pepper, sliced, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 8 basil leaves, chiffonade, Salt and pepper, 4 large slices crusty Italian bread, 2 whole garlic cloves, Olive oil], title: Bruschetta with Eggplant and Peppers, picturelink: null}, 14480: {instructions: Special equipment: six 8 to 12inch wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutesnCombine the blue cheese, sour cream, mayonnaise, buttermilk and vinegar in a small bowl and stir until well combined. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nPreheat a grill or grill pan for cooking over mediumhigh heat. Thread a few pieces of lettuce onto a skewer, followed by a cherry tomato repeat twice so that you have three lettuce clusters and three cherry tomatoes on the skewer. Repeat with the remaining skewers.nBrush both sides of the skewers with the oil and sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper.nGrill until lightly charred, turning once, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Arrange the skewers on a platter and drizzle with the blue cheese dressing. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons crumbled blue cheese, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons buttermilk or milk, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 head romaine lettuce, cut into 2inch pieces, 18 cherry tomatoes, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Grilled Wedge Salad Skewers, picturelink: null}, 14481: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a Dutch oven or heavy pot over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and glistening, about 6 minutes. Add the paprika and 1 teaspoon salt cook until the oil turns deep red, about 1 minute. Add the flour and cook until just toasted, 30 more seconds. Immediately whisk in 4 cups water. Add the kielbasa, carrots, parsnips, potatoes and 1 12 teaspoons salt.nBring the soup to a boil, then reduce to a simmer cover and cook until the vegetables are tender and the broth has thickened, about 20 minutes. Add the vinegar and season with pepper.nCombine about half of the parsley with the sour cream in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Ladle the stew into bowls top with the remaining parsley, a dollop of herbed sour cream and a sprinkle of paprika. Serve with bread.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large red onion, diced, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 tablespoon paprika, plus more for garnish, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 6 ounces kielbasa, cut into small chunks, 3 medium carrots, peeled and cut into large chunks, 2 parsnips, peeled and cut into large chunks, 14 ounces small redskinned or new potatoes 6 to 8, quartered, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, Freshly ground pepper, 12 cup fresh parsley, roughly chopped, 34 cup sour cream, Crusty bread, for serving], title: SausageandVegetable Stew, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 14482: {instructions: Special equipment: a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch plain round tip or a resealable plastic bag 12 paper cupcake linersnFor the vanillabourbon cupcakes: Position a rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with paper liners.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Split the vanilla bean lengthwise with a paring knife, and scrape down the length with the back of the knife to remove the seeds. Add the seeds and granulated sugar to the bowl of a stand mixer, and beat on mediumhigh speed for 1 minute. Slowly add the butter, and beat until pale and fluffy, about 5 minutes. While continuing to beat, add the eggs 1 at a time, scraping down the bowl with a spatula as needed. Add the bourbon, and reduce the mixer speed to mediumlow the mixture will look curdled, but thats OK. Beating after each addition until just combined, add in 13 of the flour mixture, 12 the milk, 12 the remaining flour mixture, the remaining milk, then the remaining flour mixture. Divide the batter evenly among the liners in the prepared tin. Clean the mixer bowl and paddle attachment.nBake the cupcakes until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes, rotating halfway through. Cool the cupcakes in the tin on a wire rack for 5 minutes. While they are still warm, brush the tops with the remaining 2 tablespoons bourbon if desired. Transfer them to the rack to cool completely.nFor the minty frosting: Mix the butter, sugar and salt in the bowl of the stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on low speed until the sugar has been incorporated, about 2 minutes. Add the liqueur and peppermint extract, and mix on mediumhigh until smooth. Add the halfandhalf, and beat until incorporated. Refrigerate the frosting for about 15 minutes to firm up.nPipe the frosting onto the cupcakes with a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch plain round tip or a plastic bag with a tip cut off, using all the frosting. Decorate with mint sprigs and sanding sugar., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 vanilla bean, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 14 cup bourbon plus 2 tablespoons more for brushing, optional, 12 cup milk, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups confectioners sugar, Pinch fine salt, 1 teaspoon mintflavored liqueur, such as creme de menthe, A few drops pure peppermint extract, 1 12 tablespoons halfandhalf, Brown sanding sugar, for garnish, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Mint Julep Cupcakes, picturelink: 9ARmLQBHuHCpkr8ZSd1IaYRhjUy5ZJy}, 14483: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThis is a simple combination of ingredients that I find refreshing. When I was growing up, my father would always serve a huge salad and say You always need a few leaves to feel good. It is his salads that I carried with me throughout my career as a chef and mother.nCooks Note: For optimum results, chill the lettuce and radishes before tossing and serving. This salad is so refreshing when eaten coldnIn a large skillet, over medium heat, add the bacon and 12 cup water. Bring the water to a boil and reduce until it evaporates. The bacon will start to render its fat and brown. Lower the heat and allow to cook at a slow, steady pace. When the bacon is crispy and light brown, drain the fat into a mediumsize bowl and set the bacon aside. Put the shallots on a flat surface and cut them into thin rounds. Transfer to a large salad bowl and season them with salt, to taste. Add the red wine vinegar and mustard and stir to blend. Stir in the bacon fat, tasting as you go. Start with about 14 cup of the fat and taste as you add the rest. There should be a good balance between the bacon flavor and the acidity of the red wine vinegar. Set aside. Put the radishes on a cutting board and, using a small, sharp knife, slice them into 14inch rounds with the bit of the tops still attached. Add them to a small bowl and stir in the mustard. Add the Bibb lettuce to the bowl with the bacon dressing. Toss to blend. Taste for seasoning, then stir in the radishes and the cooked bacon. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 ounces slab bacon, trimmed and cut into thin, bitesize pieces 12 cup water, 2 shallots, peeled, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 8 radishes, tops trimmed down to 12inch, thoroughly washed and dried, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 heads Bibb lettuce, removed, cut in 12, washed and dried], title: Bibb and Radish Salad with Bacon Dressing, picturelink: gKIb3AdokMaKNtZ2I0D2uE.A.do9Bm}, 14484: {instructions: For the ketchup: Combine the ketchup with the allspice, cayenne, chile flakes, garlic powder, onion powder, sugar, thyme and lime juice.nFor the onion rings: Preheat a deep fryer with canola oil to 375 degrees F. Combine the flour with some beer until the batter is the consistency of pancake batter, a quarter to half of the bottle. Slice the onion into 12inch rings, then separate the individual rings. Add the onions into the wet mixture. Fry until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain the onion rings and immediately sprinkle with some salt and pepper.nFor the burger: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. Combine the beef with the allspice, cayenne, chile flakes, garlic powder, onion powder, sugar and thyme. Form the beef into 2 to 4 patties then press the center of each with your thumb to create an indent. Drizzle the patties with olive oil. Sprinkle each side with salt and pepper. Cook until the center is medium pink, 5 to 8 minutes per side.nAssemble the burgers on the buns topped with the jerk ketchup and serve with the onion rings., ingredients: [12 cup ketchup, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 12 teaspoon chile flakes, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon brown sugar, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 lime, juiced, Canola oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12ounce bottle dark beer, 1 large white onion, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 to 8 ounces ground beef, 1 12 teaspoons ground allspice, 1 12 teaspoons cayenne, 1 12 teaspoons chile flakes, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 12 teaspoons onion powder, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 12 teaspoons brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, Olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 4 hamburger buns], title: CaribbeanStyle Burger with Jerk Ketchup and Beer Battered Onions, picturelink: WVkl3gUPTaTKEzWdr0yTcFt.4gFwnkS}, 14485: {instructions: In a large stewing pot, heat the extravirgin olive oil, and sear the beef for a few minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove the beef from the pot, and add the chopped carrots, celery, and onion. Cook for 2 minutes, or until the vegetables have become soft. Add 1 cup of red wine, and let it reduce. Add the potatoes to the pot, and season with salt and pepper. Throw the seared beef back into the pot, and then add the tomato puree, and the remaining wine. Let the liquid come to a boil, and then reduce the heat to mediumlow. Simmer until the meat is very tender and the liquid reduced, for an hour and a half more. Add a little water if the liquid cooks down too fast., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 2 pounds beef chuck shoulder, cut into 1inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large carrot, finely chopped, 1 large celery stalk, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 3 cups red wine, 2 large potatoes, peeled, cut into large pieces, 12 cup tomato puree], title: Marias Spezzatino: Marias Stew, picturelink: null}, 14486: {instructions: Cut the hydrated cod into 2inch by 2inch pieces. In a large pot of cold water, add the carrot, celery, and onion. When the water begins to simmer, add the cod pieces and cook for about 5 minutes, or until the cod begins to flake. Once cooked, remove the skin and any odd bone you may find. Break up the cod and place in a salad bowl with the olives, parsley, olive oil, and salt, to taste. Mix well. Let the salad rest in the refrigerator or serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds907 g, hydrated cod, deboned See Cooks Note, 1 carrot, halved, 1 celery, halved, 1 onion, quartered, 1 14 cups300 ml extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup kalamata olives, Small bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves picked and finely chopped, Salt], title: Insalata di Baccala: Cod Salad, picturelink: null}, 14487: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 1liter cream whipper and 1 N2O nitrousoxide chargernCreate an ice bath by filling a large bowl with ice and water.nAdd enough water to a 10inch straightsided saute pan to come up the side 1 inch. Bring to a simmer over medium heat.nCombine the chocolate, coffee, water and sugar in a medium metal bowl and set in the simmering water. Stir occasionally until the chocolate is almost completely melted and the sugar is dissolved, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and set the bowl in the ice bath. Whisk until the mixture reaches 60 degrees F and is the consistency of heavy cream, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour the mixture into the cream whipper. Do not fill above the maximum fill line.nCharge the cream whipper with 1 charger. Shake vertically 16 to 20 times. Set aside for 1 minute. Invert and dispense into small bowls or martini glasses. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces 54percent bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 4 ounces brewed coffee, at room temperature, 4 ounces water, 1 12 ounces sugar], title: Foam Whipper Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: 7Qykqsk1kff7H0FiYRWjvK3xnH7Trvu}, 14488: {instructions: In a mediumsized bowl, whisk together the sour cream, mayonnaise, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice and salt and pepper. Serve with shoe string potatoes or potato chips., ingredients: [12 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 lemon, juiced, Salt and pepper, Shoe string potatoes or potato chips, for dipping], title: Potato Chips with Chica Comfort Sauce, picturelink: wzzopPDme.ywLrcbyDPtIQrvEG.S1wi}, 14489: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine the rice, water and 1 tablespoon of salt in a large saucepan, bring to a boil over high heat and cook until the grains open all the way, about 1 hour, 15 minutes to 1 hour, 30 minutes. The rice should be very cooked not even the slightest chewy. Drain well, place in a large bowl and set aside.nHeat the butter in a large highsided saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo, onions, carrots and celery and cook until soft. Add the garlic and thyme and cook for 1 minute. Add the onion mixture, bread, goat cheese, parsley and 2 cups of the chicken stock to the rice. Mix to combine. The mixture should be quite wet add more stock, if needed. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nTransfer the mixture to a large buttered baking dish and bake, uncovered, until heated through and golden brown, about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest 10 minutes before serving.nCooks note: We recommend to order from DArtagnan because its not raw or totally cured and cooked...its kind of in between., ingredients: [2 cups wild rice, 6 cups water, 34 pound Spanishstyle chorizo, diced, see Cooks note, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus extra for greasing the dish, 1 cup Spanish onion, diced, 12 cup diced carrots, 12 cup diced celery, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, chopped, 1 dayold loaf countrystyle bread, cubed, 2 to 4 cups homemade chicken stock, 12 ounces goat cheese, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt], title: Wild Rice and Goat Cheese Dressing, picturelink: Wep7i8LR5vihArlJgcUhwQhMEqolofa}, 14490: {instructions: Heat a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon to the hot pan, brown it and then remove with a slotted spoon.nSeason the chicken pieces liberally with salt and pepper, then brown in 2 batches on both sides, and remove to plate. Add the onions, carrots, thyme, and bay leaves, and season with salt and pepper. Cover the pan and sweat the vegetables 5 to 6 minutes, stirring occasionally, until softened. Add the flour and stir 1 to 2 minutes, then add the cider, syrup, vinegar, and 1 cup stock, stirring between each addition. Slide in the potatoes, and apples, and sprinkle the bacon over the top. Nest the chicken into the pan and add more stock until the liquids reach the edge, but do not cover the chicken. Cover the pan, reduce the heat, and cook the chicken through, 15 minutes or so. Cool completely, and store for a makeahead meal.nReheat in an oven preheated to 325 degrees F, or on the stovetop over medium heat, covered until warmed through. Once hot, serve immediately. Remove the cooked chicken to a serving platter or shallow bowls, stir to thicken and combine the sauce and vegetables, and spoon over and around the chicken., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 8 ounces goodquality smoky bacon, sliced, 8 to 10 pieces bonein chicken legs, thighs, and breast meat combined, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 onions, peeled and cut into wedges with the root end attached, 4 carrots, peeled, sliced on an angle 12inch thick, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 to 3 large fresh bay leaves, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups cloudy apple cider, About 13 cup dark amber maple syrup, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 to 2 cups chicken stock, 1 pound small Yukon gold potatoes, quartered, 2 Golden Delicious apples, quartered, cored and sliced], title: Smoky Chicken and Cider, picturelink: gB1o84wQzSBXjrvavrxv0SDOJ3hpfq}, 14491: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking tray with parchment paper and set an 8 by 2 12inch ring on it, Wrap an 8inch cardboard round with foil and set aside.nIn a small bowl, sift together the flour and the baking soda. Set aside. In a double boiler or a metal bowl placed over simmering water, melt the chocolate. Keep warm.nMeanwhile with the paddle of an electric mixer, cream the butter until light. Gradually add 1 cup sugar and continue to cream until fluffy. It is very important that this mixture is light and fluffy.nBeat in the egg yolks, 1 at a time, the whiskey, and the vanilla. Stop the machine and scrape in the melted chocolate. Continue to mix until well combined. Remove the bowl from the machine and fold in half the flour mixture. Fold in the remaining flour.nWith a clean whisk and bowl, whip the egg whites until soft peaks form. Gradually add the remaining 14 cup sugar and continue to whisk until shiny and firm, but not stiff. Stir 14 of the whites into the batter to lighten, then fold in the remaining whites. Pour the batter into the prepared cake ring and bake for 1 hour. Invert immediately onto the foilcovered cardboard round and run a sharp knife around the sides of the cake, loosening the cake from the ring. Do not remove the ring from the cake. Let cool completely on a rack. Then, carefully lift off the ring.nDust the cake with sifted powdered sugar and serve with ice cream or whipped cream., ingredients: [1 14 cups pastry or cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 10 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, cut into small chunks, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups sugar, 4 eggs, separated, 13 cup whiskey, warmed slightly, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Powdered sugar], title: Whiskey Fudge Cake, picturelink: null}, 14492: {instructions: Make the base: Use an 18 to 20inch diameter bowl that is about 6 inches deep. Press a large sheet of tin foil into the side of the bowl. This will create a great texture. Use a pastry brush dipped in dark chocolate to coat the tin foil. Do not press too hard with the brush or you will lose the texture of the aluminum. Repeat this step 3 or 4 more times until the chocolate layer is about 38inch thick. When the chocolate has set, invert the bowl to release the base from the bowl. Carefully peel the tin foil away from the chocolate. Set aside. Make the rooftops: Make a cone out of a sheet of acetate securing it closed with tape. Use a scissor to trim the edge of the cone so the end is straight. You will need 1 cone for each castle turret. The cones I made were about 9inches tall and ranged in the opening diameter from 1 to 4 inches. Tip: Determine the size of the turrets you will make so you can coordinate cone rooftops that match the size. Use a ladle to fill the cone with chocolate. When it is full, empty it into the bowl of chocolate. The inside of the cone should be evenly coated with chocolate. Wipe the edge of the plastic cone clean on the side of the bowl and place it upside down on a wire rack placed over a baking sheet. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the edge of the cone clean with a paring knife. You can place the cone in the refrigerator for several minutes to help the chocolate to harden. Repeat 3 more times to make 4 rooftops. When the chocolate sets, peel off the acetate. Set aside. Make the turrets: The tallest turrets of my castle are made with tubes of chocolate, each a different size in diameter. Each turret is also made of tubes of 2 different diameters. I made 5 turrets plus an extra large turret. I call the largest turret the main house. It is an irregularly shaped tube but the technique to make it is different from the other turrets. To make the main house, roll a long piece of acetate to determine the size of the tube you would like to make. Use a marker to mark the place on the acetate that indicates the desired diameter. Unroll the acetate and place a piece of parchment at the mark to cover the extra acetate. Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered chocolate over the exposed sheet of acetate. Let the chocolate set slightly then roll the open end toward the parchment line. When the open end meets the parchment, continue to roll the extra acetate and tape it closed. Use a tin can to press this tube into an irregular shape. When the chocolate is set, peel off the acetate. Use a hot knife to shape the top edge of this piece. Use a slow sawing motion. If you see smoke, the knife is too hot. Dip the end of this piece into the tempered chocolate and adhere it onto the base.nTo make the tall turrets, use the following technique to make chocolate tubes. Roll a tube to the desired diameter and secure it closed with tape. The turrets on my castle range from 1 to 5 inches in diameter. Tape 1 end of the tube closed with tape. Set the tube on end and fill with chocolate. When it is full, invert the tube over the bowl of chocolate allowing the excess chocolate to flow back into the bowl. Let set. When the chocolate has set, repeat this step a few more times. You want the tubes sturdy so the castle will be strong. Allow the chocolate tube to set until hard. Remove the acetate. The largest tube gets cut into pieces to make the base of some turrets. Use a hot knife to cut all of the tubes into unequal sizes. To do this, heat the knife under very hot water and wipe it dry. Hold the knife blade against the side of the chocolate where you want to make the cut. Do not press on the knife or the chocolate will break. Allow the heat of the knife to cut through the chocolate by melting it. To assemble the turrets: Start with the largest diameter planned for each turret and use tempered chocolate to adhere the piece to the base. Combine different size tubes to make the tall turrets. Use tempered chocolate to glue the turret pieces together. Apply the chocolate at the top of the base turret and at the bottom of the tube inserted into that base. Use cold spray or hold it until the chocolate sets. Make a cornet and fill it with tempered dark chocolate. Starting with the tube of greatest diameter, place the next smallest diameter tube piece inside it and use the cornet to glue the 2 pieces together. If you have cold spray, it will be helpful to use it here. Continue this process using 2 or 3 different diameter tubes for each turret. Then repeat the process to make a total of 5 turrets. Use a hot cutter to make the windows. Heat the cutter with a blowtorch or hold it under very hot water and wipe it dry. Hold the cutter against the chocolate where you want to make the cut. Do not press too hard or the chocolate will break. Allow the heat of the metal to cut through the chocolate by melting it. At this stage, you can spray the castle to give it a great texture. The trick is that you have to be able to fit the castle into your freezer. Place the castle in the freezer for about 15 to 20 minutes. The surface of the chocolate must be chilled so the chocolate coating will harden upon contact, giving it the desired texture. Prepare the paint sprayer: Place equal amounts of chocolate and cocoa butter over a double boiler and melt until smooth no lumps.nRemove the presentation from the freezer and place on a parchment paper lined surface. Place the chocolate mixture in a clean paint sprayer and use it to spray the dessert with the chocolate. Tip: Anything that touches the tubes after they have been sprayed will leave a mark. Use tempered chocolate to secure a rooftop to the top of each turret. Make the trees: Make a cornet and fill it with tempered dark chocolate. Draw a tree onto a sheet of parchment paper. Repeat the same technique to make as many trees as you would like. Let your imagination run wild as you draw spooky trees. When the chocolate sets, lift it from the parchment paper. If it sticks, you can loosen it with a paring knife. Make the bats: Use a spoon to fill the bat molds with chocolate. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, check to be sure the edges of the mold are clean and if necessary, clean with a paring knife. When the chocolate sets, it shrinks or retracts from the sides of the mold. A clean edge will keep it from sticking and cracking as it shrinks. You can place the mold in the refrigerator for several minutes to help the chocolate to harden. Repeat to make as many bats as you would like. I made mine about 7 inches tall. Make the turret squares: Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered chocolate over a sheet of textured acetate. Let the chocolate set slightly. Wait until the chocolate begins to set. Use a rolling cutter or hot sharp chefs knife to cut rectangles that are 1inch by 2 inches. When the chocolate has set, carefully peel away the sheet. It should release from the chocolate quite easily. Finishing details: Use tempered chocolate to attach the turret squares to the top of each turret. Glue the trees and bats in place. Use the tip of a metal skewer to poke holes in the base of the castle. Insert the chocolate lollipops into these holes., ingredients: [Cocoa butter, for spray painting, 8 pounds bittersweet chocolate, tempered], title: Haunted Chocolate Castle, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 14493: {instructions: Combine the water and cardamom pods in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Turn off the heat, add the tea bags and stir gently. Steep for 10 minutes, then remove the tea bags. Add the sugar and condensed milk and stir with a wooden spoon until all of the sugar is dissolved. Allow to cool.nRemove 1 12 cups of the cooled tea mixture from the saucepan and pour this into an ice cube tray. Freeze for at least 4 hours. Strain and refrigerate the remaining tea.nWhen ready to serve, divide the tea ice cubes between four glasses. Fill the glasses with the chilled tea mixture, leaving a little extra space at the top. Top each glass off with 2 tablespoons of the halfandhalf. Serve garnished with a slice of candied ginger, a stalk of lemon grass or a mint sprig, if desired., ingredients: [7 cups filtered water, 7 cardamom pods, smashed, 10 bags black tea, 13 cup sugar, 34 cup sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup halfandhalf, 4 pieces candied ginger or 4 stalks lemon grass or 4 mint sprigs optional], title: Thai Iced Tea, picturelink: .fjB1JjlIluM8CIgHYEFXnUJ6Adbze}, 14494: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the salmon with 14 teaspoon salt, place in a baking dish and roast until cooked through, about 18 minutes.nWhile the salmon is cooking prepare the sauce. Cut 1 of the grapefruits into sections by cutting off the top and bottom of the fruit, then standing it on 1 end, cut down the skin to remove the pith and peel. Then, with a paring knife, remove each segment of fruit from its casing and cut the segments in half. Set the segment pieces aside. Juice the other grapefruit and set the juice aside.nIn a medium skillet, heat the oil over a medium heat. Add the shallot and saute until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the ginger, grapefruit juice, honey, and cayenne pepper and bring to simmer. Cook until sauce is reduced by about half about, 10 minutes. Add lemon juice and season with salt, to taste. Right before serving, toss the grapefruit pieces and basil into the sauce. Put the salmon onto a serving dish. Spoon sauce over the salmon and serve., ingredients: [4 skinless salmon fillets, 5 to 6 ounces each, 14 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 2 ruby red grapefruits, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 2 12 teaspoons honey, Pinch cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced basil leaves], title: Roasted Salmon with Shallot Grapefruit Sauce, picturelink: O3MDLw7kzVA1AvaOlm.xI6J7ijPg0oy}, 14495: {instructions: Pierce the sweet potatoes all over with a fork put them in a microwavesafe dish and microwave until tender, about 20 minutes. Halve the sweet potatoes and scoop the flesh into a bowl. Mash with a fork until fluffy cover and keep warm.nMeanwhile, pat the turkey dry and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon chile powder and 1 teaspoon salt. Heat the olive oil in a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the turkey and cook until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate.nWipe out the skillet and place over high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until dark around the edges, 4 to 6 minutes. Stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon chile powder and the cumin cook 30 seconds. Add the broth, heavy cream, honey, mustard, and orange zest and juice simmer until thickened, about 5 minutes. Add the turkey and warm through, 1 minute. Serve with the mashed sweet potatoes., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet potatoes about 4 medium, 1 12 pounds turkey cutlets, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large Spanish onion, halved and sliced 14 inch thick, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 12 teaspoons dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, 3 tablespoons fresh orange juice], title: Turkey With AnchoOrange Sauce, picturelink: G1KXhc07gAH7R8KPO7JzWU60KBIN86}, 14496: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpread one side of each slice of bread with the butter, then build on the opposite side. Spread the cream cheese on one slice of bread, followed by the pepper jelly top with the ham slices. Place the Muenster cheese on the other slice of bread. Place both slices butterside down on a nonstick skillet over low heat. Cook until the bottoms are golden and the cheese has melted, 8 to 10 minutes. Sandwich the slices together and serve., ingredients: [2 slices seeded Italian loaf sandwich bread, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons cream cheese, 2 tablespoons pepper jelly, 3 slices ham, 3 slices Muenster cheese], title: Pepper Jelly Grilled Cheese, picturelink: MNOBWoRknnych.A6JNjIszDligOG5SO}, 14497: {instructions: Special equipment: 6cup souffle dish with vertical sides. Ideal dimensions: 6inch diameter by 4inch heightnCut off the domed top and the side and bottom crust of the panettone leaving about a bit over a pounds worth. Trim the pannettone further so that it fits very snugly into the dish you have chosen and comes just to the top edge of the dish. Slice it crosswise into 12inch thick slices. Leave them exposed overnight to the air or put them on a cookie sheet in a very low oven for an hour or so, until the panettone has dried out a bit.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Combine the water with 34 cup of the sugar in a heavy, 2quart saucepan. Stir over high heat until the sugar is dissolved and the liquid clears. Cook undisturbed until the edges start to brown then swirl the pan continuously and vigorously until all the sugar has caramelized to a golden amber color. Immediately pour the caramel into the souffle dish. As the caramel cools and hardens, turn the dish in all directions so that the inside is evenly coated. The caramel will spread further in baking.nIn a saucepan, bring the milk and lemon zest to a simmer, remove from the heat and allow to cool for a few minutes. In a large bowl, mix well the remaining 34 cup sugar with the eggs. Gradually stir in the hot milk.nTrim one slice of panettone so that it fits into the bottom of the souffle dish. Spoon 2 or 3 tablespoons of melted butter over it and then enough of the custard mixture to cover the panettone. Let it absorb the custard, adding more if necessary to cover. Repeat with additional slices of panettone, melted butter, and custard until the dish is filled to the very top. With each slice and especially the last, use your palm to hold down the panettone until it completely submerged and saturated with custard. Do not compress the panettone, or the budino will be too dense. Drizzle any remaining butter over the top.nPlace the souffle dish into a larger pan filled with enough very hot tap water to come threequarters of the way up the side of the dish. Bake for about an hour and a half. The top should be puffed and brown, the pudding should begin to pull away from the sides of the dish, and the internal temperature should rise to between 160 and 170 degrees. Allow the pudding to cool for at least 15 minutes. Just before serving, run a thin knife around the inside of the dish and unmold the pudding by inverting the souffle dish onto a large plate. Serve warm, cut into wedges., ingredients: [1 large panettone, about 2 pounds, 14 cup water, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 cups whole milk, Zest of 12 lemon, 4 extra large eggs, 1 stick butter, melted], title: Budino di Lorenzo di Magnifico, picturelink: null}, 14498: {instructions: Mix all the ingredients together and enjoy, ingredients: [1 cup mango puree, 14 cup sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup orange juice, Diced papaya], title: Sweet Soup, picturelink: null}, 14499: {instructions: Equipment: 9inch nonstick skillet and an immersion blendernAdd oil to the skillet over high heat, and heat it until small hairline ripples appear on the surface of the oil.nBreak the eggs into tall glass or frappe cup and whisk to blend for 1 minute. The Waffle House uses a 15,000 rpm malt shop mixer.nWhile moving the skillet in a circular motion, pour in the eggs. Continue to move the skillet in a circular motion, allowing the outside of the eggs to cook and fluff up. When the outside edges have firmly cooked, flip the omelet and cook on the other side for approximately 30 seconds. Keep moving the pan in a circular motion, but not as often as before it was flipped. Too much movement at this time will cause the omelet to fall. Flip the omelet once more to finish cookingno more than 30 additional seconds.nOverlap 2 slices of American cheese in the center of the omelet in a diamond shape.nFold the omelet in half, being certain to cover the cheese slices, and slide it onto your plate., ingredients: [3 large Grade A eggs, 2 slices American cheese, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Cheese Omelet, picturelink: CTfEq6ADJpKf4ys4awoYB4hpdzgXqm}, 14500: {instructions: In a large pot, bring 5 to 6 quarts 20 to 24 cups of water to a boil and add salt to taste. Prepare an ice water bath. Blanch the broccoli rabe in the boiling water for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to the ice bath to stop the cooking process and keep it nice and green. When cooled, drain the broccoli rabe and pat dry.nReturn the same water to a boil and salt again. Cook the orecchiette in the boiling water according to the package instructions, reserving 1 cup of the pasta water before draining it.nWhile the pasta is cooking, add the extravirgin olive oil to a large skillet and heat. Add the crumbled sausage, garlic and crushed red pepper flakes and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Add the cannellini beans and broccoli rabe and continue to cook another 2 to 3 minutes. Add the vegetable stock and cook until the liquid is reduced by half.nDrain the cooked pasta, add it to the skillet with the other ingredients and let the flavors come together by cooking for another 3 to 4 minutes. Moisten with some of the reserved pasta water if needed. Sprinkle with the grated cheese and freshly ground pepper to taste., ingredients: [Salt, 2 large bunches broccoli rabe, washed, trimmed and stems split, 1 pound orecchiette pasta, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound fresh Italian sausage, removed from casings and crumbled, 4 cloves garlic, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, optional, 1 can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup vegetable stock, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Orecchiette Pasta Carluccios Way, picturelink: null}, 14501: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees.nRub the lamb roast all over with olive oil. Make 10 small slits all over the roast. Insert the bacon and garlic cloves into the slits. Season with salt and pepper. Place the roast in a roasting pan and add the stock and cover. Place in the oven and slow roast for 3 hours, or until very, very tender. Remove the lamb from the oven and cut into 2inch pieces. Set aside.nIn a large pot, add the butter and melt. Stir in the flour and let cook for 3 minutes. Add the onion and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the carrots and the celery and saute for another 10 minutes. Slowly whisk in the stock that the lamb was cooked in. Add the reserved lamb. Bring to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the dumplings: In a large bowl, combine the flour, baking soda and salt and mix well. In a small bowl, beat the eggs. Add the milk to the eggs. Add the egg mixture to the dry ingredients and mix well. Stir in the goat cheese and the herbs. Season with freshly ground black pepper. Have the stock boiling in a small saucepan. Using 2 tablespoons, drop the dumpling batter into the boiling stock. Cook for about 5 minutes, or until the dumplings float to the surface. Remove the dumplings from the stock and place on a plate.nTo finish: Place the dumplings into the stew. Check for seasoning. Garnish with fresh marjoram., ingredients: [4 pound shoulder roast of lamb, Olive oil, 10 cloves of garlic, 14 pound bacon, cut into 1inch pieces, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups veal stock, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 12 cup flour, 1 cup onion, diced, 12 cup celery, diced, 12 cup carrot, diced, Fresh sprigs marjoram for garnish, 2 cups flour, 1 12 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 1 cup milk, 14 cup soft goat cheese, 2 teaspoons each of chopped parsley, marjoram and thyme, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups veal stock], title: Irish Lamb Stew with Herbed Goat Cheese Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 14502: {}, 14503: {instructions: Open the ladyfingers and separate them. Paint the ladyfingers with coffee combined with the coffee liqueur using a pastry brush. Line 4 martini glasses with a single layer of ladyfingers, letting the cakes overlap a bit at the stem. Press the cakes down a bit to fit the lines of the glass. Beat cheese and sugar together 2 or 3 minutes. Spoon sweetened mascarpone into glasses. Top glasses off with a cap of the ladyfingers. Use any remaining mascarpone to dot the ladyfinger tops and sprinkle each glass with cocoa powder combined with a touch of cinnamon., ingredients: [1 package lady fingers sponge cakes, 12 cup strong black coffee or espresso, 2 ounces shots coffee flavor liqueur, 2 cups mascarpone cheese, available in specialty cheese case of supermarket, 12 cup powdered confectioners sugar, 14 cup cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Quick Tiramisu, picturelink: 49ZeWfvG99JwhYfm3uBME7emmF4aW}, 14504: {instructions: Special equipment: a 9inch fluted tart pannAdd the eggs and cream to a medium bowl and whisk together until combined.nIn a saucepan over medium heat, add the sugar, clementine juice, grapefruit juice and cornstarch. Cook, whisking, until the sugar dissolves, 3 to 5 minutes. Slowly add the eggcream mixture and stir to combine. Cook, stirring continuously, until the mixture thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon, 8 to 10 minutes.nPour the citrus custard into the prebaked Shortbread Almond Crust and refrigerate until set, about 4 hours or overnight.nRemove the tart from the refrigerator, top evenly with Citrus Whipped Cream, and sprinkle with the citrus zest.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the cookies and almonds into a food processor and pulse to chop fine. Add the sugar, cinnamon and salt and pulse to combine. Drizzle in the melted butter and process until the mixture holds together.nPress the crust into a 9inch fluted tart pan, evenly covering the bottom and up the sides of the pan. Refrigerate for 20 minutes, then bake until golden and crisp, 18 to 20 minutes.nCool completely on a wire rack before filling.nIn a large bowl, whip the heavy cream, confectioners sugar and 1 tablespoon of the citrus zest until stiff peaks form., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 34 cup granulated sugar, 23 cup clementine juice or substitute with orange juice, 23 cup grapefruit juice, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, Shortbread Almond Crust, prebaked, recipe follows, Citrus Whipped Cream, for topping, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon citrus zest clementine, orange or grapefruit, for sprinkling, 5 ounces shortbread cookies, 1 cup whole almonds, 13 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon citrus zest clementine, orange or grapefruit], title: Citrus Tart with Shortbread Almond Crust, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 14505: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the mustard, vinegar, chopped rosemary and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a bowl brush all over the pork. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and cook until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven and roast until a thermometer registers 145 degrees F, about 15 minutes. Transfer the pork to a cutting board and let rest.nWipe out the skillet. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the garlic and red pepper flakes cook over medium heat, 2 minutes. Add the broccoli, 14 cup water and 14 teaspoon salt. Cover cook 5 minutes.nBring 3 cups water, the milk, rosemary sprig and 14 teaspoon salt to a boil in a saucepan over medium heat discard the rosemary. Whisk in the polenta and cook, whisking, until thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the parmesan. Slice the pork and serve with the broccoli and polenta.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, plus 1 small sprig, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large pork tenderloin about 114 pounds, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 bunch broccoli, cut into florets, 112 cups skim milk, 34 cup quickcooking polenta], title: Pork with Rosemary Polenta, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 14506: {instructions: Unwrap the turkey and remove the neck and giblets reserve for gravy. Rinse the turkey under cold water and pat dry. Fill a large pot with 2 quarts water add 2 cups kosher salt, the brown sugar, juniper berries, peppercorns, bay leaves and lemon zest. Bring to a boil, then simmer 10 minutes. Add 6 quarts cold water and let cool. Submerge the turkey in the brine, adding water to cover, if necessary. Refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight.nRemove the turkey from the brine rinse and pat dry. Crush and chop the coriander seeds, cumin seeds and garlic. Mix with the paprika and butter until combined. Reserve 4 tablespoons of the butter, then rub the rest under the turkey skin on the breasts and legs. Rub 2 tablespoons of the reserved butter on the skin chill and save the rest for your gravy. Let the turkey stand 30 minutes at room temperature before roasting.nPut the oven rack in the lowest position preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the turkey breastside up on a rack in a large roasting pan, tucking the wing tips under. Tie the drumsticks together with twine. Roast until the skin is golden brown and a thermometer inserted into the thigh registers 165 degrees F, about 15 minutes per pound. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 30 minutes before carving. Whisk the reserved 2 tablespoons flavored butter into your gravy just before serving, if desired.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 fresh or frozen turkey 1 to 1 12 pounds per person, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons juniper berries, 1 tablespoon peppercorns, 3 bay leaves, Zest of 1 lemon, in wide strips, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 6 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened], title: Juniper Brined Turkey With Paprika Butter, picturelink: 5RrC3ddxb2amHognOQd0iBDaGyyGk1W}, 14507: {instructions: Soak the beans in water overnight.nSoooooooooooo...if you didnt think yesterday to soak your beans you can do the quick soak method, which is to put your beans in a pot covered by at least 2 inches of water. Bring the water to a boil, turn the heat off and let the pot sit until the water cools down naturally and then pick up the process as if you had soaked the beans overnight.nStrain the beans from the soaking water. Put the beans in a large pot and cover generously with water. Add the onions, carrot, celery, garlic, thyme, bay leaves and bacon skin. Bring the water to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer the beans until all the beans are soft, about 1 hour. Add more water if it reduces too much. Test the beans for doneness by doing the 5 bean test. Bite 5 beans, if they are all soft then they are done. Beans do NOT all cook at the same rate so the 5 bean test is important.nWhen the beans are cooked, remove the pot from the heat. Season the water generously with salt and let sit for 15 minutes. Transfer the beans to a serving bowl and serve. If not using the beans right away, store them in the refrigerator in their liquid.nBeans, beans the musical fruit..., ingredients: [1 pound gigante or corona beans, 1 large onions, skin removed, root end left on, cut in 12, 1 large or 2 small carrots, peeled and halved, 2 ribs celery, broken in 12, 3 cloves garlic, 1 bundle thyme, 3 bay leaves, 1 piece slab bacon skin or prosciutto skin, or a couple slices bacon, Kosher salt], title: Gigante Beans, picturelink: rYW8yg73TevZSgIxkx3MX6FhP5OvI.}, 14508: {instructions: Put a medium pot on a burner over medium heat. When the pot is hot, add the olive oil and shallots and simmer until the shallots are translucent. Pour the wine into the pot and allow simmer until the wine is almost completely evaporated. Add the butter and when melted, add the rice and stir until coated with the butter. Add 3 cups of the chicken broth and gently simmer. Slowly add the remaining chicken stock and cook until the rice is soft. Add the crabmeat and milk and cook for about 3 minutes.nAdd the Parmesan, Salt and pepper to taste, and mix well. Reduce the heat to the lowest setting and continue to mix occasionally, until its time to serve. To make the chive oil, add the chives and olive oil to a blender, and mix on high for about 3 minutes. Pour the oil in a small bowl or squeeze bottle.nServe the warm risotto in mediumsized bowls and drizzle a small amount of chive oil on top for a garnish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 to 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 cups chicken broth, 1 cup Arborio rice, 12 pound fresh shelled Dungeness crabmeat, 1 cup whole milk, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch chives, 14 cup olive oil for chive oil], title: Creamy Crab Risotto with Chive Oil, picturelink: null}, 14509: {instructions: In a bowl, cover the clams with water and soak for 5 minutes, then drain. Repeat until the soaking water is clear.nBring a large pot of water to a boil for the pasta.nIn a deep, large skillet with a tightfitting lid set over medium heat, drizzle 4 turns of the pan of olive oil and heat. Add the anchovies, cover the pan with a splatter screen or lid, and shake until the anchovies begin to break up. Reduce the heat a bit, uncover, and stir until the anchovies melt into the oil. Add the vermouth, lemon zest, red pepper flakes, garlic, thyme, oregano, parsley, black pepper and clams. Cover the pan and cook until the clams open, 5 to 7 minutes. Discard any unopened clams.nMeanwhile, salt the boiling water and cook the pasta until just shy of al dente. Drain the pasta and add it to the clam sauce. Add the butter and lemon juice and gently toss to finish cooking the pasta and allow it to soak up the flavor of the sauce, 1 to 2 minutes.nServe in warm shallow bowls topped with the almonds, Parmesan and a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [2 12 to 3 pounds littleneck or Manila clams, scrubbed, Olive oil, for coating, 6 flat anchovy fillets, 12 cup dry vermouth or dry white wine, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 1 fat pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 4 large cloves garlic, smashed and chopped, 4 stems fresh thyme, leaves chopped, 2 stems fresh oregano, leaves chopped, 1 fat handful fresh flatleaf parsley tops, finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, Salt, 1 pound fresh tagliatelle or dried linguine, 2 tablespoons butter, Juice of 1 lemon, 12 cup sliced almonds, toasted, for serving, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Extravirgin olive oil, for finishing], title: Tagliatelle con Vongole, picturelink: omKUqlHK7Cddvt2ZiMxkPtIEfaMCAxO}, 14510: {instructions: For the cinnamon twists:nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.nIn a shallow bowl, mix together the cinnamon, sesame seeds, cardamom, and brown sugar. Twist 2 pieces of dough together to form a ropeshape. Pinch the ends together to seal. Brush the dough with the beaten egg and roll gently in the cinnamon mixture until coated. Place on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining dough. Bake for 12 to 14 minutes until puffed and golden. Cool on a wire rack.nFor the sauce:nIn a small bowl, whisk together the honey, lemon juice, powdered sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, and 12 teaspoon cardamom until smooth. Pour into a small dipping bowl.nArrange the pastries on a platter and serve with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [Cinnamon Twists, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 9 by 10inch sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed and cut into 20 1 by 4inch pieces, 1 egg, beaten, 12 cup honey, 14 cup lemon juice, 13 cup powdered sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom], title: Cinnamon Twists with CardamomHoney Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 14511: {instructions: Put the turkey and chicken legs into a large resealable plastic bag.nIn a large bowl, combine the tomato paste, olive oil, chicken broth, Worcestershire sauce, applewood rub, apple cider vinegar, onions, and garlic, and whisk them together until blended. Pour the marinade into the resealable bag over the turkey and chicken legs. Seal the bag and put it into a large bowl. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour or as long as overnight.nPreheat 1 side of a grill over medium heat. Remove the turkey and chicken legs from the marinade, shaking off the excess, and set aside.nPut the marinade into a small pot and cook over low heat, until reduced by half.nGrill the chicken legs over direct heat for 5 minutes per side with the lid closed. After 10 minutes grill them over indirect heat for another 10 to 15 minutes. Grill the turkey legs for 20 to 25 minutes with the lid closed. Brush on the reduced marinade every 5 minutes until the legs are cooked through and the internal temperature reaches 175 degrees F. on an instantread thermometer. Hold the chicken legs on the coolest part of the grill or in an oven at 200 degrees F while the turkey finishes cooking.nArrange the chicken and turkey on a serving platter and garnish with fresh parsley., ingredients: [4 turkey legs, 4 chicken legs, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 14 cup olive oil, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons applewood rub recommended: McCormick, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 cup frozen chopped onions, thawed, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 bunch fresh parsley, leaves picked, for garnish], title: Turkey and Chicken Legs with Medieval Marinade, picturelink: null}, 14512: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl mix together the nuts, condensed milk, almond extract and coconut. Using your fingers, press the mixture into balls about 34inch round. Place onto sheet trays and let rest at room temperature for 4 hours or in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nAfter the balls have set up, melt the chocolate and shortening until smooth. Dip into the chocolate to coat evenly and lightly. Place onto a parchment or foil lined sheet pan to dry., ingredients: [1 cup toasted chopped Macadamia nuts, 1 cup sweetened condensed milk, 1 12 teaspoons almond extract, 8 ounces sweetened shredded coconut, One 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate morsels, melted, 1 tablespoon shortening], title: Chocolate Coconut Balls, picturelink: MjOp7f2WRsSfv1Fr6DxuLM2tAd7ltAO}, 14513: {instructions: Wash and pick over the beans. Place in a pot, cover generously with water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook, covered, until the beans are done in the center but not too soft, about 1 hour. Drain and rinse in a colander.nHeat the oil in a large skillet, add the onions, season with salt and pepper, and saute until onions are soft, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and saute another minute to release the aromas. Stir in the beans, and saute until beans are heated through, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the parsley, adjust the seasonings, and remove from the heat.nTransfer beans to a large serving bowl, drizzle with additional olive oil and serve with lemon wedges. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound dried cranberry beans, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 onions, finely diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup chopped parsley, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Cranberry Beans in Olive Oil, picturelink: null}, 14514: {instructions: , ingredients: [1 ounce dark chocolate], title: Dark Chocolate as a Snack, picturelink: null}, 14515: {instructions: Position a rack 6 inches from the broiler and preheat. Thinly slice the fennel lengthwise, using a mandoline if you have one. Soak the cut fennel in a bowl of very cold water. Smash the garlic cloves, sprinkle with the 1 teaspoon salt, and, with the flat side of a large knife, mash and smear the mixture to a coarse paste. Stir the garlic, olive oil, and marjoram together and rub all over the lamb. Season with pepper, to taste. Place the lamb, trimmedside down on a broiler pan. Broil the meat until nicely browned, about 5 minutes. Turn and cook until an instantread thermometer inserted into the sides of the meat registers 120 degrees F, another 2 to 3 minutes. Set meat aside to rest while preparing the salad.nPit and cut the plums and peach into chunks with their skins. Toss fruit in a salad bowl with the mesclun salad greens. Drain and pat the fennel dry, add to the salad.nThinly slice the lamb against the grain into bitesize pieces, and add that to the salad as well. Season salad with the salt and pepper, toss with the dressing, and divide evenly among 4 plates. Serve.nWhisk the vinegar, mustard, salt, and pepper, to taste, in a small bowl. Gradually whisk in the oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream, to make a smooth, slightly thick dressing., ingredients: [1 medium fennel bulb, quartered, core trimmed, 2 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced fresh marjoram, 1 pound butterflied leg lamb, fat trimmed, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 ripe plums, recommended: Santa Rosa, 1 large ripe peach, 8 cups mesclun salad greens, Sherry Dressing, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons aged sherry wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons wholegrain mustard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1u00bf4 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Lamb Salad with Peach, Plum and Fennel, picturelink: null}, 14516: {instructions: Heat oil in mediumsize Dutch oven over moderate heat for 1 minute. Add onion, celery, stirfry mix, garlic, cumin, and oregano and cook, stirring often, until vegetables are limp, about 5 minutes.nAdd 2 12 cups beans, tomatoes with chilies, orange juice concentrate, lemon juice, and hot pepper sauce. Bring to boiling, adjust heat so mixture bubbles easily, cover, and simmer 10 minutes.nMash remaining 12 cup beans, mix into chili, cover, and simmer slowly until flavors mellow, about 15 minutes. Taste for salt and adjust as needed. Mound rice in heated deep platter, spoon chili on top, sprinkle with cilantro, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 cup fresh or frozen chopped onion about 1 mediumlarge yellow onion, 1 large celery rib, trimmed and coarsely chopped, 12 1pound bag frozen bell pepper stirfry mix red, green, and yellow peppers do not thaw, 2 large garlic cloves, finely minced, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 3 cups cooked or canned black beans, drained, 2 10ounce cans diced tomatoes with green chilies, with their liquid, 2 tablespoons frozen orange juice concentrate, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon hot red pepper sauce, 4 cups Al Dente Make Ahead Rice, reheat, see above recipe, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro], title: Vegetarian Chili with Black Beans and Peppers Sweet and Hot, picturelink: null}, 14517: {instructions: Heat the stock in a saucepan and add your flavors 1 by 1: begin with the galangal, kaffir lime leaves, and lemongrass. Add the shallots, chili paste, fish sauce and lime juice. Then add the chopped tomatoes, Thai chilies and straw mushrooms and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the shrimp. When they turn completely pink, the soup is ready. Garnish with cilantro and spring onions and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 12 cups chicken stock, 4 thin slices fresh galangal, 2 kaffir lime leaves, 1 lemongrass stalk, smashed and sliced, 2 shallots, sliced, 1 tablespoon roasted chili paste, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 6 cherry tomatoes, chopped, 8 Thai chilies, 10 fresh straw or button mushrooms, 6 large whole shrimp, 2 sprigs cilantro, 2 spring onions, thinly sliced], title: Tom Yum Soup, picturelink: null}, 14518: {instructions: Bring 14 cup light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 12 cup spiced rum and 1 cup mini marshmallows to a boil in a large pot over medium heat, stirring. Cook until syrupy, 5 to 10 minutes. Add 1 cup golden raisins and a pinch of salt. Remove from the heat using a rubber spatula, stir in 12 cups popcorn until coated. Butter your hands, then shape into balls and roll in confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: RumRaisin Popcorn Balls, picturelink: 2FTPnYfleE.hHZDIDdOd.8l.6m8OWI.}, 14519: {instructions: Combine the cucumbers, green onions, melon, chile, celery, vinegar, herbs, a drizzle of olive oil, and salt in a large bowl the cucumbers will give off a lot of juice. Put the bowl in a large pot of ice water to chill for 30 minutes. In another bowl, combine the yogurt, a 2count of olive oil, a squeeze of lemon, the parsley, and refrigerate. To serve, spoon the soup into bowls., ingredients: [4 hothouse cucumbers, peeled and cut in medium dice, 2 green onions, chopped, 12 honeydew melon, peeled and cut into medium dice, 1 serrano chile, chopped fine, 1 rib celery, chopped fine, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, Leaves from 2 sprigs fresh mint leaves, chopped, Leaves from 12 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt, 2 tablespoons lowfat yogurt, 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Cold Summer Soup, picturelink: ZKf3ndfFqW7pmJ6eP793xILBuctrHkC}, 14520: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Have ready, a bowl of ice water and a spider or slotted spoon. With a paring knife, cut the stems out of the tomatoes and cut an X in the opposite end. Slip the tomatoes into the boiling water and leave them until the skin around the X starts to loosen, 30 seconds to 1 minute. With the spider, scoop the tomatoes into the ice water. When cool enough to handle, slip the skins off the tomatoes and cut the tomatoes in half lengthwise. Scoop out and discard the seeds. Set the seeded tomato halves aside.nBring 3 cups water, the sugar, cinnamon, and allspice to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Adjust the heat to the lowest setting and let steep for 20 minutes.nAdd the tomatoes, and continue to simmer on low heat until the syrup has thickened about another 20 minutes. Cool, then chill. Remove allspice berries and cinnamon sticks. Serve the tomatoes in a compote dish or small bowl, accompanied by the sliced cheese., ingredients: [2 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, 3 cups water, 2 cups sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, 6 whole allspice berries, 8 to 12 ounces firm, salty cheese, such as queso fresco, feta, or ricotta salata, cut into 14inch slices], title: Sweet Tomato Conserva, picturelink: 3JR2POE6b1xrXnWBjlsYqz7ka8N3ea}, 14521: {instructions: In a glass baking dish or a wide, shallow, nonreactive bowl, mix together olive brine and lemon juice. Gently toss in tuna slices and olive slivers. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours, occasionally moving tuna slices around gently in marinade to ensure that slices cure evenly.nJust before serving, strain the tuna slices from marinade. Divide tuna between 4 to 6 appetizer plates. Spoon a little marinade with olive slivers over the tuna. Grind black pepper, to taste, over each serving. Garnish with fennel and lemon zest, and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup picholine olive brine, 13 cup freshly squeezed Meyer lemon juice, 1 pound sushiquality yellow fin tuna, thinly sliced across the grain, 3 ounces about 18 picholine olives, pitted and slivered, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 bulb fennel, thinly sliced, 2 Meyer lemons, zested], title: Marinated Tuna, picturelink: null}, 14522: {instructions: Special equipment: Baking stone, bench scraper, and parchment paper An instantread thermometer and an electronic or balance scalenPlace a baking stone in the middle of the oven and preheat to 470 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured work surface, cut the dough into 4 equal pieces with a bench scraper.nUsing your fingertips, flatten the dough pieces. Transfer 1 of the pieces to the back of a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper and lightly dusted with cornmeal. Cover generously with walnuts and Gorgonzola and top with another piece of dough. Press down on the edges to seal. Using a small palette knife, cut 8 evenly spaced holes in the dough. Stretch the dough to enlarge the holes. Lightly brush the fougasse with olive oil and cover lightly with plastic wrap. Place the loaf in a warm place and let rise for 30 minutes. Repeat to make 1 more loaf.nWorking with 1 loaf a time, slide the fougasse, still on the parchment paper, onto the baking stone. Bake until crispy and brown, about 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer the fougasse to a rack to cool. Repeat with the remaining loaf.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the pate fermentee and water and, using your hands, break up the dough into the water.nIn another bowl, whisk together the flour, yeast, and salt. Add the flour mixture to the pate fermentee mixture and mix by hand until firm and cohesive, about 3 minutes. Allow dough to rest for 10 minutes.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Knead the dough until very elastic and smooth, about 10 to 15 minutes. Take the doughs temperature. It should be at 78 degrees F.nTransfer the dough to a large bowl and cover with plastic wrap the plastic should not touch the dough. Place the bowl in a warm place about 75 to 78 degrees F. and let rise for a total of 1 hour and 45 minutes. After the first 45 minutes, fold the dough and turn it over in the bowl. It will somewhat deflate the dough, but it is gentler than whats commonly referred to as punching down.nLet the dough rise, undisturbed, for 1 hour more. The dough will rise considerably at this point.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Press the dough gently into a rectangle, to degas it.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, salt, and yeast. Add the water and, using your hands, mix until incorporated, about 3 minutes. Alternatively, mix in a mixer on the lowest setting possible. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and put in a warm place about 75 degrees F.. Let the dough ferment for 1 hour. Take the doughs temperature. It should be at 75 degrees F.nRefrigerate the dough at least 10 hours and up to 36 hours. When ready, it will be roughly doubled in size and have a fine network of filaments and holes. Make this recipe the night before you mix the dough., ingredients: [1 recipe Basic Dough with Pate Fermentee, recipe follows, Cornmeal, for dusting, as needed, 1 12 cups whole or broken walnut halves about 5 ounces, 7 ounces dry mountainstyle Gorgonzola cheese not dulce, crumbled, Olive oil, as needed, 1 recipe refrigerated Pate Fermentee 1 34 pounds, recipe follows, 1 12 cups minus 1 tablespoon 80 degree F. water .71 pound, 3 12 cups unbleached, unbromated allpurpose flour 1 pound, 1 teaspoon minus 116 teaspoon instant dry yeast 2.8 grams, 2 14 teaspoons kosher salt 9 grams, 3 12 cups unbleached, unbromated allpurpose flour 1 pound, 2 14 teaspoons kosher salt 9 grams, 1 teaspoon minus 116 teaspoon instant dry yeast 2.8 grams, 1 14 cups plus 1 tablespoon 63 degree F. water .67 pound], title: Gorgonzola and Walnut Fougasse, picturelink: null}, 14523: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment.nCook the butter, brown sugar, honey, miso paste, soy sauce, rice vinegar and 1 tablespoon water in a small saucepan over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the butter melts and the sugar and miso dissolve, about 3 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat, and stir in the sesame seeds, sesame oil, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Let cool for 3 minutes.nToss the oats, almonds and seaweed in a large bowl. Drizzle the miso mixture over the oat mixture, and stir until everything is well coated. Spread the granola in an even layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, 45 to 50 minutes, stirring every 15 minutes for even toasting. Let cool. The granola will keep in a tightlysealed container at room temperature for 5 days., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons white or yellow miso paste, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons rice vinegar, 14 cup sesame seeds, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 cup sliced almonds, Three 5gram packages salted seaweed snack sheets, torn into almondsize pieces], title: Miso Granola, picturelink: tEPwjsQTfDHNmO8VMlh2NmDgNSK0XK}, 14524: {instructions: For the sauce: Stir together the mayo, teriyaki sauce, honey and cayenne in a small bowl. Set aside.nFor the burgers: Set a grill pan over mediumhigh heat you can also use a skillet.nGrill the pineapple and bell pepper rings until they have great grill marks on both sides or brown them in the hot skillet, about 5 minutes.nSeason the ground beef and form it into 4 equalsize patties. Cook them over medium heat on the grill for 4 to 5 minutes on the first side, then flip them over and add a splash of teriyaki sauce on top of each one. Place a slice of cheese on each patty and let it melt while the burger cooks through, about 4 minutes longer.nButter a griddle or separate skillet set over medium heat. Place the rolls cutside down and cook until brown, about a minute.nSpoon a little bit of the sauce on both sides of the rolls and allow it to soak into the bread. Place the patties on the bottom buns and top each with 2 pineapple slices and some red onion slices, bell pepper rings and lettuce. Top with the top buns and smush it all together. Serve with extra sauce for dipping., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons teriyaki sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 8 canned pineapple rings, 1 large red bell pepper, cut into rings, 1 12 pounds ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Teriyaki sauce, as needed, 4 slices provolone cheese, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 onion rolls, halved, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, Green lettuce leaves, for topping], title: Hawaiian Burgers, picturelink: null}, 14525: {instructions: Special equipment: a metal or bamboo steamer basketnFor the sothy: In a large saucepan heat the vegetable oil over medium high heat. Add the shallots and onion and saute until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium add the ghee, garlic, ginger, and chile cook for 2 to 3 minutes until fragrant. Add the curry powder, curry leaves, mustard seeds, fennel seeds, turmeric, and saffron and stir for 2 minutes. Pour in the fish stock, coconut milk, tomatoes, and kosher salt. Cook sauce, uncovered, for 15 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and add the lime juice and cream. Keep warm until ready to serve.nFor the rice: Rinse the rice until the water runs clear then soak in warm water for 10 minutes and drain. In a large pot of boiling, salted water cook the rice for 6 minutes.nStrain the rice and keep warm.nFor the fish: In a pot that fits the steamer basket place the star anise, lemongrass, and ginger and fill with water. Bring water to a boil over high heat. Line the bottom of the steamer basket with the orange slices. Season the halibut with salt and pepper and arrange on top of the orange slices. Place the basket on top of the pot, cover, and steam for 8 minutes.nServe the halibut with the rice and Sothy on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 shallots, sliced, 12 cup sliced onion, 2 tablespoons ghee or clarified butter, 1 clove garlic, sliced, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 green chile, minced, 1 12 tablespoons hot curry powder, 3 fresh curry leaves See Cooks Note, 12 teaspoon mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, Pinch saffron, 2 cups fish stock, recipe follows, 13 12 ounces canned coconut milk, 2 tomatoes, cut in quarters, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 cups basmati rice, Kosher salt, 6 star anise, 2 stalks lemon grass, white part only, chopped, 2 1inch pieces fresh ginger, sliced, 2 oranges, sliced, 2 pounds halibut, cut into 6 portions, skin and bones removed, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Steamed Halibut with Sothy, picturelink: en0PRguWl.PMpKlqZBg0LDgfXMCEi6}, 14526: {instructions: Set a pizza stone or baking sheet on an oven rack in the bottom third of the oven, and preheat to 425 degrees F.nHeat 1 12 tablespoons of the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground beef, 34 teaspoon salt and half the pepper flakes, and cook, breaking the beef up into large chunks with a wooden spoon, until the beef is browned all over, about 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms, 23 of the garlic and 34 teaspoon salt, and cook for 3 minutes more. Fold in the spinach, and cook until wilted, about 1 minute the mixture should be relatively dry. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl, and let cool completely.nReduce the heat to medium. Add the remaining oil, garlic and pepper flakes to the skillet, and cook, stirring, to lightly brown the garlic, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and 34 teaspoon salt, and simmer the sauce until thick, about 6 minutes set aside.nDivide the pizza dough into 12 balls. Spray 2 baking sheets with cooking spray. On a wellfloured surface, roll out each ball into a 6 or 7inch circle 18 inch thick. On the bottom half of each circle, mound 14 cup of the cooled beef mixture and top with 3 tablespoons of the mozzarella. Fold over the top half of the dough to form a semicircle, and pinch the edges to seal. Carefully transfer the calzones with a spatula to the prepared baking sheets. Lightly brush with the beaten egg. Cut 2 small slits on top of each to vent steam.nRefrigerate half the calzones. With a spatula, transfer the rest of the calzones to the hot pizza stone or baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 22 minutes. Repeat with the remaining calzones. Reheat the tomato sauce, and serve on the side.nTo freeze: Let the baked calzones cool completely, then wrap each one tightly in plastic wrap and then aluminum foil. Place them in freezer bags, and freeze for up to a month. The sauce can be frozen in 12 small freezer bags for up to a month.nTo reheat: Thaw the frozen calzones in the fridge for 1 to 2 hours. Unwrap the calzones, then microwave them on a microwavesafe plate in 1minute increments, rotating them after each, until heated through, 2 to 4 minutes. To reheat the sauce, microwave it in a microwavesafe bowl in 30second increments, stirring after each, until the sauce is hot., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound lean ground beef, Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 8 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced about 1 cup, 4 cloves garlic, finely minced, 6 cups packed baby spinach about 5 ounces, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 3 pounds wholewheat or regular pizza dough, Cooking spray, Whole wheat or allpurpose flour, for the work surface, 2 14 cups shredded partskim mozzarella, 1 large egg, beaten], title: BigBatch Healthy Beef, Mushroom and Spinach Calzones, picturelink: ooecyTbUMBQQuyYNhBs4Ln1SXWWT76}, 14527: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nQuarter the fruit and remove all the seeds and pits. Combine the honey, brown sugar, wine and cinnamon in a 9inch baking dish. Add the fruit and toss to coat. Bake until tender, 20 to 30 minutes. When the fruit is done, remove it and lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees. Meanwhile, toss the almonds and granulated sugar together, then add the egg white and mix well to coat. Lightly grease a baking sheet and spread the almond mixture on it. Bake the almonds, turning them with a spatula every 5 minutes until golden brown and caramelized, 10 to 12 minutes. Serve the fruit warm or at room temperature, with the almonds sprinkled on top., ingredients: [2 plums, ripe, 2 peaches, ripe, 2 pears, ripe, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons lightbodied red wine recommended: Beaujolais, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, ground, 34 cup almonds, sliced, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg white], title: Roasted Fruits with CinnamonRed Wine Glaze and Toasted Almonds, picturelink: zBbXVET96UlELHhg1eCiJKnsPCSauy}, 14528: {instructions: Heat butter over medium heat in a large saucepan. When butter is melted, add cumin seeds and saute for 1 minute. Stir in the rice and cook for 2 minutes.nTurn the heat to high and add the lime juice, water and salt. Mix well. Bring to boil on high heat. Reduce heat and cook covered on low for 15 minutes until water evaporates., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 3 cups uncooked basmati rice, 2 small limes, juiced, 6 cups cold water, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Cumin Scented Rice, picturelink: null}, 14529: {instructions: In a 3quart saucepan bring broth to a boil, and add 2 cups peas and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 4 minutes.nUsing an immersion blender or standing blender, puree mixture until smooth use caution when blending hot liquids. Add the mint and butter and blend until smooth. If using a standard blender return the sauce to the saucepan. Strain the sauce. Add the remaining 14 cup peas and simmer until peas are just tender, about 2 minutes. Season sauce with salt and pepper and add lemon juice, to taste. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 cups chicken broth, preferably homemade or lowsodium canned, 2 14 cups fresh, shelled peas, 34 cup packed fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Minted Pea Sauce, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 14530: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 large wood chunks, soaked for 30 minutes and drained a rib racknIn a large bowl, stir the salt and sugar into 8 cups water until dissolved. Add the chicken wings and let sit at room temperature, 1 hour. Dry off the wings with a paper towel and season with pepper and a bit of the barbecue rub.nPlace the wood chunks directly on the burner of a grill, under the grate. Close the lid and turn all the burners to high until the chunks start to smoke, about 15 minutes.nTurn off all the other burners except the primary burner with the wood chunks. Using a rib rack, suspend the wings on the cooler side of the grill. Close and smoke the wings, maintaining a temperature of 250 to 275 degrees F, until the meat registers 165 to 170 degrees F, about 1 hour. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup table salt, 14 cup sugar, 12 medium chicken wings drumettes attached, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 small jar storebought barbecue rub], title: Smoked Wings of Paradise, picturelink: s3eytp31YB9ADppcHPO.aZveK7w8DP6}, 14531: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 34 cup cooking water, then drain.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the artichokes and season with salt. Cook, turning halfway through, until browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate.nAdd the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the garlic and beans to the skillet. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the garlic is golden, about 2 minutes. Stir in the cherry tomatoes, red pepper flakes and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 3 minutes.nAdd the pasta and the reserved cooking water to the skillet. Cook, stirring, until the pasta is coated, about 1 minute. Stir in the parsley, parmesan and artichokes season with salt and pepper. Drizzle each serving with olive oil and top with more parmesan.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces orecchiette pasta, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 10ounce package frozen artichoke hearts, thawed, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 15ounce can white beans, drained, rinsed and patted dry, 1 15ounce can cherry tomatoes, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 34 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping, Freshly ground pepper], title: Orecchiette with Artichokes, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 14532: {instructions: Whisk the beef broth, tomato paste, maple syrup, molasses, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, mustard and chili powder in a 4quart slow cooker. Add the leek and set the pork on top nestle the thyme sprigs in the liquid. Add the blackeyed peas. Cover and cook on low until the pork is forktender, 7 to 8 hours, or on high, 4 hours.nRemove the pork to a cutting board and slice. Add up to 1 cup water to the beans in the slow cooker to loosen serve with the pork. Top with thyme.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 cup lowsodium beef broth, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 1 tablespoon molasses, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 small leek white and light green parts only, halved lengthwise and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 12 to 2 pounds boneless smoked pork shoulder picnic ham, 2 sprigs thyme, plus leaves for topping, 1 1pound package frozen blackeyed peas about 4 cups, thawed], title: SlowCooker Barbecue Ham and BlackEyed Peas, picturelink: kYN6CdKOlua.nP7.t3YhXoShAAJwNHC}, 14533: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray an 8 x 8inch baking pan with nostick cooking spray.nBREAK eggs into a large bowl whisk until well combined. Add milk, sugar, vanilla and cinnamon whisk until well combined. Add peanut butter whisk until well mixed.nCUT or tear bread into 1inch squares and add to bowl. Add raisins and gently stir to mix well. Pour bread mixture into prepared baking pan.nBAKE until the mixture is set and the top is golden brown about 25 minutes. Remove from oven and place on a baking rack to cool.nSERVE warm, spooned into bowls and topped with fruit yogurt., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 2 large eggs, 12 cup milk, 12 cup sugar, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 1 tsp. ground cinnamon, 12 cup Jifu00ae Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter, 6 slices bread, 12 cup raisins, Yogurt with fruit], title: Peanut Butter Breakfast Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 14534: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat 2 tablespoons EVOO in a medium Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground lamb and cook until well browned. Season with salt and pepper, then stir in the garlic, chile pepper, onions and oregano and cook for 5 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook for 1 minute. Deglaze with the wine, stirring and scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon. Add the stock, lemon zest, bay leaf, cinnamon stick and tomatoes and simmer until thickened, about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Meanwhile, cut a thin slice from two opposite sides of each eggplant, removing some of the skin. Turn the eggplant cutside up, then cut lengthwise into 14inchthick planks. Sprinkle with salt and drain in a colander for 20 minutes. Pat dry. Beat the egg whites with a splash of water in a shallow dish. Mix the panko with the remaining 4 tablespoons EVOO in another dish until well coated. Add half the cheese, the parsley, granulated garlic and granulated onion to the panko and mix well. Set a wire rack over each of 2 baking sheets. Dip each eggplant slice in the egg whites, then coat with the panko mixture, pressing to help it adhere. Arrange on the wire racks. Bake until crisp and golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and cook, whisking, for 1 minute. Whisk in the milk and season with salt, pepper and a few grates of nutmeg. Simmer at a low bubble until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Lightly beat the egg yolks in a medium bowl. Slowly pour in some of the sauce, whisking constantly to temper the yolks. Pour the mixture back into the saucepan and remove from the heat. Make two layers of eggplant and lamb mixture in a medium casserole dish. Pour the sauce over the top and sprinkle with the remaining cheese. Bake until browned and bubbling, 30 to 40 minutes. Cooks Note: The casserole can be covered and refrigerated for a makeahead meal. Reheat, covered, until heated through, then sprinkle with more cheese and bake, uncovered, to crisp the top., ingredients: [6 tablespoons EVOO, 1 12 pounds ground lamb, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 small fresh red chile pepper, such as Fresno, seeded and very finely chopped, or 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 sprig fresh oregano, very finely chopped, 14 cup tomato paste, 12 cup dry red wine, 12 cup chicken stock, A few wide strips lemon zest, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 1 cinnamon stick, One 28to32ounce can diced tomatoes or whole San Marzano tomatoes, chopped, 2 medium to large eggplants they should be very firm and heavy, 4 large or jumbo organic eggs, separated, 3 cups panko, 1 12 cups grated Kefalotyri cheese or ParmigianoReggiano, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, very finely chopped, 1 12 teaspoons granulated garlic, 1 12 teaspoons granulated onion, 4 tablespoons butter, 3 rounded tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 to 2 12 cups milk, Freshly grated nutmeg], title: Moussaka, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 14535: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl, mix together the soy sauce, sherry, cornstarch, brown sugar and ginger. Add the beef to a separate bowl and pour onethird of the liquid over the top. Save the rest of the liquid. Toss the beef and set aside.nHeat the oil in a heavy skillet iron is best over high heat. Add the snow peas and stir for 45 seconds and get as much color on them as possible. Remove to a plate.nAllow the skillet to get very hot again. With tongs, add half the meat mixture, leaving most of the marinade still in the bowl. Spread out the meat as you add it to skillet, but do not stir for a good minute. You want the meat to get as brown as possible in as short amount a time as possible. Sprinkle half the scallions over the meat. Flip the meat to the other side and cook for another 30 seconds. Remove to a clean plate.nRepeat with the other half of the meat, allowing the skillet to get very hot again first. After flipping, add the first plateful of meat, the reserved liquid, the crushed red pepper and snow peas. Stir over high heat for 30 seconds, and then turn off the heat. Check seasonings and add salt only if it needs it. The mixture will thicken as it sits. Serve immediately over rice., ingredients: [12 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 3 tablespoons sherry or cooking sherry, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon peeled and minced fresh ginger, 1 12 pounds flank steak, trimmed of fat and sliced very thin against the grain, 3 tablespoons peanut or olive oil, 8 ounces fresh snow peas, trimmed, 5 whole scallions, cut into 12inch pieces on the diagonal, Crushed red pepper, Salt, as needed use sparingly, Jasmine or long grain rice, cooked according to package directions], title: Beef with Snow Peas, picturelink: MbHnWTzNi.q2qch7gKsdJ3c3UyT51Qm}, 14536: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Combine flour, baking soda and salt. In a large bowl beat butter with sugars. Add eggs and vanilla and mix well. Gradually beat in dry ingredients. Fold in chips. Pour batter into a greased 9 12x113inch baking pan. In a small bowl mix condensed milk with coconut. Pour coconut topping over batter and smooth evenly. Bake for 25 minutes. Cool and cut into bars., ingredients: [2 14 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks butter, softened, 34 cups white sugar, 34 cups brown sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 ounces chocolate or butterscotch chips, 1 can sweetened condensed milk, 1 cup coconut flakes], title: Boy Scout Bars, picturelink: null}, 14537: {instructions: Melt butter in a large nonstick frying pan over medium heat. When the foaming subsides, add the vanilla, cinnamon, and salt. Sprinkle sugar evenly into pan and cook until bubbly.nRemove the pan from the heat and arrange the apples on top in a single layer. Return the pan to stove and cook over medium heat until the apples are glossy and knife tender, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the rum. Carefully light the rum, with a long kitchen match. Return the pan to the heat and cook, shaking gently, until the flames subside. Transfer the apple mixture to serving dishes and serve immediately over ice cream., ingredients: [12 stick unsalted butter, Splash vanilla extract, Cinnamon stick, Pinch kosher salt, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 3 or 4 firm apples, such as Gala, or Fuji, peeled, cored, and cut into eights, Splash dark rum, Vanilla, Chocolate, Cinnamon, or Chocolate Chip ice cream, for serving], title: No Recipe Recipe: Apples Foster, picturelink: 9e.qFVNzDqb5tE3Qwr1Er3c4vjQGpa}, 14538: {instructions: Youll need a 2quart bowl or small trifle dish for these dips. Scoop them out with a big spoon each dip serves about 8.nFried NoodlesnHeat 2 inches of peanut oil in a saucepan until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F. Fry 12 ounce broken thin rice noodles in batches until they puff, 15 seconds. Drain on paper towels. Or use chow mein noodles.nHerb SaladnToss 14 cup each chopped mint, cilantro and scallions with 2 teaspoons lime juice, and salt to taste.nSpicy CucumbernToss 12 diced cucumber with 1 12 teaspoons sweet Thai chili sauce.nPeanut SaucenPulse 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 2 tablespoons coconut milk,1 tablespoon each soy sauce and rice vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped peeled ginger, 1 teaspoon each Sriracha and honey, and the juice of 12 lime in a food processor until smooth.nRotisserie ChickennShred 1 cup skin removed.nCarrotsnShred 1 cup about 3.nCoconut DressingnPulse 3 ounces cream cheese, 12 cup cilantro leaves, 14 cup coconut milk, the grated zest and juice of 12 lime and salt to taste in a food processor until smooth.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: 7Layer Thai Chicken Dip, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 14539: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the vodka, orange liqueur, pomegranate juice, and lime juice in a pitcher and refrigerate until ready to use. Pour the mixture into frozen martini glasses with a twist of lime peel and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups 16 ounces good vodka recommended: Stolichnaya or Finlandia, 1 cup 8 ounces orange liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 1 cup 8 ounces pomegranate juice recommended: Pom Wonderful, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice 3 limes, Lime peel strips, to garnish], title: Pomegranate Cosmos, picturelink: oCxvEKqcjBfPJJBEqjqEkIcYTuVEO}, 14540: {instructions: Special equipment: a deep fryer and deepfry thermometernHeat a deep fryer with canola oil to 375 degrees F.nCreate a rub by combining the garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon black pepper in a small bowl. Rub the seasoning mix over the quails and set aside.nCombine the sriracha and honey with a whisk in a small bowl and set aside.nHeat 2 to 3 tablespoons canola oil in a castiron skillet over medium heat. Once the oil is hot, place the quail in the pan and sear on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side.nCombine the panko breadcrumbs and potato chips in a food processor and pulse until fully combined. Transfer to a shallow bowl. Combine the egg and a splash of milk in a second shallow bowl and whisk together. Dip each quail in the egg mixture, and then coat with the chip mixture.nFlash fry the quail in the deep fryer until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes.nCut the potatoes into cubes and place in a saucepan of water seasoned with 2 teaspoons salt and the garlic. Bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are tender.nDrain and place in a food processor. Add the sour cream, butter and enough milk to process to desired consistency. Season with salt and pepper and run the mixture through a fine mesh sieve.nTo serve, place a scoop of mashed potatoes in the middle of each plate. Top with a quail and drizzle with the honey sriracha sauce., ingredients: [Canola oil, for cooking, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 quails, split, 12 cup sriracha hot sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, One 2 12ounce bag salt and vinegar potato chips, 1 large egg, 14 to 12 cup milk, 3 potatoes, 1 clove garlic, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Salt  Vinegar Encrusted Quail and Potato Puree with Honey Sriracha Sauce, picturelink: RPLiWGhGfFraRt4GZSyg97lzBChTIO}, 14541: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt butter in a 12inch Dutch oven over low heat. Mix sugar, flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Stir in milk and water gradually, mixing just until moistened. Pour into Dutch oven. Pour fruit over top. Cover with a lid, place coals on top, and cook for 30 to 40 minutes, or until batter is lightly browned on top. Check to make sure that batter is fully cooked through. Remove from heat, let cool slightly, and then serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup butter 2 sticks, 2 cups sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup evaporated milk, 34 cup water, 4 cups sweetened canned fruit, with juice], title: Dutch Oven Cobbler, picturelink: cod.ts9b6m96pXvl7gOhLE.E9HjmpL.}, 14542: {instructions: To prepare the hash: In a medium saucepan, cover the potatoes with cold water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until tender, about 25 to 30 minutes. Drain the potatoes, peel and cut into 12inch cubes. Season the chicken breast with salt and pepper and place in a saucepan of simmering water. Poach for 1012 minutes or until cooked through. Cut each breast into 12inch cubes. Place the potatoes, chicken, scallion, cilantro, chipotles and honey in a large bowl and mix gently until combined, season with salt and pepper. Form into 4 equalsized patties. Heat the oil in a large saute pan until just smoking. Season the patties with salt and pepper to taste and saute the patties on each side until golden brown. Keep warm.nTo prepare the poached eggs: Heat the water and vinegar until simmering in a large frying pan. Break each egg into a cup and gently add to the water. Poach for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the yolk is nearly cooked. Remove the eggs from the pan with a slotted spoon to drain the liquid and top each hash patty with 1 poached egg.nPlace the yolks, salt, pepper in a blender and mix until smooth. Slowly, drop by drop add the warm butter to the mixture and blend until emulsified. Place in a bowl and fold in the chopped poblano peppers. Serve immediately or place the bowl over a pot of simmering water to keep warm, stirring occasionally., ingredients: [2 large sweet potatoes, 3 boneless, skinless chicken breast, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 14 cup cilantro, coarsely chopped, 14 cup canned chipotle peppers, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cups water, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 4 eggs, 3 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch white pepper, 1 large poblano pepper, roasted, skinned, seeds removed and finely chopped, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted until foamy], title: Sweet PotatoChicken Hash with Poached Eggs with Green Chile Hollandaise, picturelink: null}, 14543: {instructions: In a small bowl stir together all the ingredients until the tartar sauce is combined well. The sauce may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup minced sweet pickle, 1 hardboiled egg, forced through a coarse sieve, 2 tablespoons minced shallot, 2 tablespoons drained bottled capers, 12 teaspoon crumbled dried tarragon, 2 tablespoons Creole or Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice], title: Tartar Sauce, picturelink: null}, 14544: {instructions: Melting Chocolate: Chocolate melts best at temperatures between 104 and 113 degrees F 40 and 45 C. Never melt chocolate directly over a heat source. Use an indirect heat source like a hot water bath so the chocolate reaches a temperature of 104 to 113 degrees F 40 to 45 C. This is the perfect temperature to begin tempering.nTempering Chocolate: Tempering is important because it determines the final gloss, hardness, and contraction of the chocolate. When you melt chocolate, the molecules of fat separate. In order to put them back together, you temper it. There are a variety of ways to do it. One of the easiest ways to temper it is to place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. Be careful the chocolate will not look like it has melted because it retains its shape. The chocolate should be only slightly warmer than your bottom lip. You may still see lumps in it but, dont worry the residual heat of the chocolate will melt them. You can also use an immersion blender to break up the lumps and start the recrystallization process. Usually, the chocolate begins to set recrystallize along the side of the bowl. As it begins to crystallize, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate and they will begin the recrystallization process. I like to use glass bowl because it retains the heat and keeps the chocolate tempered a long time.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, tempering is achieved by adding small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate but is usually one fourth of the total amount. I usually use an immersion blender to mix the two together. The classic way to temper chocolate is call tabliering. Chocolate is melted over a hot water bath to a temperature between 88 and 90 degrees F 31 to 34 C. White and milk chocolate are melted to a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less, depending on the amount of milk fat they contain. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured on a cold table or marble surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until the temperature of the chocolate is approximately 81 degrees F 27 C. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining one third of nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass in the bowl has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is further worked on the cold table until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room and makes a big mess.nChecking Tempering: A simple method of checking tempering is by applying a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within 5 minutes.nStoring Chocolate: You need to use enough to make it easy to work with so you will always have extra chocolate in molding most of these recipes. Chocolate is susceptible to moisture and absorbs external odors. It is also important to protect it from light and air. Store it in a cool dry place in closed packaging. The ideal temperature for storing chocolate is between 54 and 68 degrees F 12 and 20 C. Do not store chocolate in the refrigerator where the humidity moisture will affect it. A soft white layer on the surface of chocolate is called fatbloom. It is caused when a thin layer of fat crystals forms on the surface of the chocolate. Storage at a constant temperature will delay the appearance of fatbloom. Sugarbloom is a rough and irregular layer on top of the chocolate caused by condensation when chocolate is taken out of the refrigerator. This moisture will dissolve the sugar in the chocolate. When the water evaporates, the sugar recrystallizes into rough, irregular crystals on the surface and gives the chocolate an unpleasant look. Prevent sugarbloom by preventing temperature shocks., ingredients: [], title: Working with Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 14545: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place tortillas on a baking sheet. Top each tortilla with some pork and sprinkle with mozzarella. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until bubbly and tortilla is crisp., ingredients: [4 flour tortillas, 1 cup Barbecued pork pull, 1 cup grated mozzarella cheese], title: SouthernStyle Pizza, picturelink: null}, 14546: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, salt, pepper, parsley, and garlic. Drizzle in the olive oil in a thin stream, whisking constantly, until it is completely emulsified. Stir in the onion and Tabasco.nIn a large saucepan, bring a generous amount of water to the boil. Plunge in the okra and cook for 3 minutes. Drain and pat dry with paper towels.nIn a large heavy skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Toss in the okra and sear it, tossing frequently, for about 1 12 minutes, or until golden. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool.nArrange the lettuce leaves in a large serving bowl and scatter the okra on top. Pour the dressing over, toss together and scatter the red pepper julienne on top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon finely chopped parsley, 12 small clove garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, I tablespoon finely chopped onion, Dash Tabasco sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 34 pound small okra pods, topped and tailed, 2 small heads Boston lettuce, separated into leaves, I red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, white pith removed and cut into fine julienne], title: Okra Salad, picturelink: null}, 14547: {instructions: To make the skillet cake batter, whisk together the eggs, milk and 2 tablespoons butter, melted. Mix the flour, baking powder, sugar, and zest. Combine the flour with the liquids and allow batter to rest, refrigerated, for at least 30 minutes before cooking.nPeel, core, and cut the apples into 12inch thick slices. In a separate pan, melt 2 tablespoons butter, add the apple slices and saute over medium heat until they turn a rich golden color, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and carefully add the maple syrup, Port, cinnamon, and lemon juice. Cook slowly until the apples are tender at the center of each slice, but not soft and mushy, about 2 minutes.nHeat a nonstick 7inch omelet pan over low heat until hot. Add 1 or 2 teaspoons of butter, melted, using either a brush or a tiny ladle, to coat the surface lightly. As soon as the butter has started to bubble, lift the pan off the heat and pour 12 cup of batter into the pan, tilting to spread the batter evenly across the bottom. Return the pan to heat, spoon in 14 of the apples and cook on low until golden on the underside. When the top is bubbly, flip and brown the second side.nAs each pancake is completed, place on an ovenproof platter set in a 200 degree oven. There should be enough batter to make at least 4 skillet cakes.nServe each cake warm with a dollop of currant jelly and some clotted cream or creme fraiche., ingredients: [2 eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup unbleached white flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 6 Winesap, Macoun, Empire apples or other tart apples, about 1 34 pounds, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup maple syrup, 14 cup Port wine, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Currant jelly, English double clotted cream], title: Apple Skillet Cake with Port and Currant Jelly, picturelink: null}, 14548: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMash sweet potatoes and combine with all of the other ingredients. Pour into pie shell and bake until firm, about 35 to 40 minutes.nMeringue:nAdd the salt, vanilla and the lemon juice to egg whites. Beat until foamy. Add 6 tablespoons sugar, 1 at a time. Beat until sugar dissolves and mixture forms stiff peaks.nPraline Topping:nCombine the sugar, corn syrup, butter and vanilla in a medium saucepan. Cook and stir on medium heat until butter is melted and mixture is blended. Remove from heat.nSpoon dollops of meringue in ring around outside edge of pie. Sprinkle pecans over the center of the pie. Drizzle all or part of the praline topping over the nuts, as desired. Bake for 15 minutes or until golden brown. Cool to room temperature before serving. Refrigerate leftover pie., ingredients: [2 sweet potatoes, baked or boiled, 14 cup butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground mace, 1 cup evaporated milk, 1 unbaked pie shell, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon vanilla, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 3 egg whites, 6 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons firmly packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dark corn syrup, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 13 cup chopped pecans], title: Sweet Potato Praline Cloud Pie  2003 1st Place Sweet Potato, picturelink: null}, 14549: {instructions: Special equipment: 2inch round moldnUsing a round 2inch mold, cut lasagna sheets into 6 circles and boil for 2 minutes with 12 cup sugar. Coat the lasagna sheets in canola oil spray and dust with sugar, set aside. Slice strawberries, coat in sugar, and set aside. Fold chevre and whipped cream cheese together. Add 12 cup sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice, to taste.nAssembly: place round 2inch mold on lasagna circles, place strawberry slice at bottom, fill halfway with cheese mixture, add jam, top with more cheese and pat cheese down. Pull mold off, place strawberries on top and sprinkle with sugar., ingredients: [2 ounces fresh lasagna sheets, Canola oil spray, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon pure fine cane sugar, 3 fresh strawberries, 1 cup chevre, 1 cup cream cheese, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons strawberryraspberry jam], title: Mac N Cheese Cake, picturelink: null}, 14550: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Generously coat a mini doughnut pan with cooking spray. Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, 12 teaspoon cinnamon and the salt in a large bowl. Whisk the mashed bananas, yogurt, vegetable oil, brown sugar, eggs and vanilla in a separate bowl. Stir the banana mixture into the flour mixture until just combined stir in the chocolate chips.nTransfer the batter to a large resealable plastic bag and snip off one corner. Pipe the batter into the prepared pan, filling each cup almost all the way. Bake until golden brown, 7 to 8 minutes. Let cool in the pan2 to 3 minutes remove the doughnuts to a rack to cool completely. Letthe pan cool, then coat with more cooking spray and repeat with the remaining batter.nPut the melted butter in a shallow bowl. Mix the granulated sugar and the remaining 14 teaspoon cinnamon in another shallow bowl. Dip one side of each doughnut in the butter, letting the excess drip off, then immediately dip it in the cinnamon sugar. Store in an airtight container up to 2 days.nYou can also make these in a mini muffin pan bake 8 to 10 minutes.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 12 cups wholewheat pastry flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup mashed ripe bananas 2 to 3 bananas, 12 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 13 cup granulated sugar], title: BananaChocolate Chip Mini Doughnuts, picturelink: pjHFdxjE3pNWfllKQhTfI1gb85YG6}, 14551: {instructions: Pry open the oysters and separate the juice from the meat, reserving both in the fridge. Clean the bottom shells very well and reserve them for later.nTo make the vichyssoise base: Heat the butter and leeks in a small saucepan over low heat and cook until the leeks are softened but not browned. Add the potatoes and water and simmer until the potatoes are tender. Chill and season with salt. Pour into a blender and puree with the cream and blanched spinach to get a light mint green color. Strain through a finemesh sieve.nTo make the mousse: Whisk the creme fraiche to soft peaks in a mixer. Heat 12 cup of the vichyssoise base in a medium saucepan. Add the bloomed gelatin to the base. Fold in the whipped creme fraiche and 12 cup more of vichyssoise base.nTo make the oyster glaze: Bring 3 tablespoons of the reserved oyster juices to a boil in a small saucepan. Strain through a coffee filter. Add the bloomed gelatin to the liquid. Let cool but not enough to set.nTo finish: Fill the 8 reserved oyster shells about 34 full with the vichyssoise mousse and set an oyster on top. Keep cool and brush with the stillliquid oyster glaze. Repeat the brushing until the whole oyster has a shine to it. Garnish with a quenelle of caviar, chive blossom, and dill., ingredients: [8 Kumumoto oysters, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon chopped leeks, 1 small Yukon gold potato, peeled and cut into small dice, 1 cup cold water, Salt, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 cup packed fresh spinach, blanched and squeezed to remove excess water, 5 tablespoons creme fraiche, 1 14 sheets silver gelatin, bloomed, 14 sheet gelatin, bloomed, American farmraised white sturgeon caviar, for garnish recommended: Royal Sterling, Chive blossoms, for garnish, Fresh dill, for garnish], title: Vichyssoise of Kumumoto Oysters and Royal Sterling Caviar, picturelink: sgWablfVcf5m0B.2ilSLZrqgQDaYKJy}, 14552: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn large mixing bowl toss tomatoes separately with light coating of olive oil, a pinch of each of the herbs, 2 tablespoons of the garlic, salt and pepper. Lay in single layer on a baking sheet. Place in preheated oven and cook until wilted, about 20 minutes, reserving all pan drippings to add into finished sauce. Set yellow tomatoes aside. Place all red tomatoes in food processor and puree, reserve.nWhile tomatoes are cooking in the oven, place sausage on a baking sheet and place in the oven until partially cooked, about 15 minutes. When ready, cool slightly then slice into 12inch pieces, reserve.nBring large pot of salted water to a boil, then keep simmering until ready to use.nIn a large sauce pan on mediumhigh heat saute the onions in a light amount of olive oil until translucent, constantly stirring. Add 2 tablespoons garlic, red pepper flakes, basil, parsley, rosemary, partially cooked boar sausage and the Marsala wine. Cook until the Marsala reduces by half, or several minutes.nAdd pureed red tomatoes, yellow tomato quarters, and the stock, stir and bring to a simmer. Fold in the 5 cups goat cheese and pan drippings and adjust seasoning with salt, pepper, butter and lemon juice. Cook the pasta in the simmering water until it floats, cook for an additional 1 minute. Strain and mix into sauce. Place in individual serving dishes, top with grated mozzarella and remaining goat cheese, place in preheated oven and bake on a baking sheet for 10 minutes or until cheese is melted and begins to brown. Finish browning cheese with a small torch if desired. Let stand 5 to 10 minutes, garnish with basil and parsley leaves, toasted crostini and serve, ingredients: [16 red Roma tomatoes, washed and quartered, 12 yellow Roma tomatoes, washed and quartered, Extravirgin olive oil, to coat and to taste, 4 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil leaves, plus leaves for garnish, 4 tablespoons finely chopped fresh Italian flatleaf parsley plus leaves for garnish, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 4 tablespoons fresh minced garlic, divided, Kosher salt, Freshly cracked black pepper, 4 links wild boar sausage, 2 cups diced Vidalia onions, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 2 cups sweet Marsala wine, 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 6 cups crumbled soft artisanal goat cheese, divided, 1 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 pound potato gnocchi, 3 cups grated mozzarella cheese, 1 loaf rustic Italian loaf, thinly sliced and toasted with kosher salt and olive oil], title: Cheese and Wild Boar Sausage, picturelink: null}, 14553: {instructions: Cut the butter in small cubes and put in a bowl. Set the bowl in ice water. The butter should be very cold otherwise it might melt too quickly and the sauce might break. Place shallots in a medium stainlesssteel saucepan. Add the white wine and wine vinegar. Boil the liquid over high heat until it is reduced to a scant 1 tablespoon. Just before serving, add the pieces of butter to the pan, 1 at a time, whisking well after each addition, until it has all been used. The sauce should be fairly thick. Add a little lemon juice to the sauce to taste. Season with salt and white pepper. If youre a purist, youll want to strain the shallots out of the sauce before serving. Some chefs prefer to leave the shallots in if youre among them, you might also want to mix finely minced parsley or tarragon into the sauce. And some chefs like to bolster the sauce with a little creme fraiche just before serving it. Keep sauce warm until needed. This sauce can be made up to 1 hour in advance and kept in a bain marie over warm water.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees. Season fillets well with salt and pepper. Cover fillets with mustard and place into a roasting pan. Cook fillets at 500 degrees for 10 minutes. Remove from pan to a plate and surround with beurre blanc. Serve., ingredients: [8 sticks 4 cups unsalted butter, 2 shallots, peeled and finely diced, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon whitewine vinegar, 1 lemon, Salt and white pepper, to taste, Very finely minced parsley or fresh tarragon optional, 4 1 12 inches thick, 6 ounces halibut fillets, Salt and pepper, to taste, 14 cup coarse grain Dijon mustard], title: Mustard Crusted Halibut with Beurre Blanc, picturelink: null}, 14554: {instructions: Mix all ingredients and marinate duck overnight, refrigerated. Season the duck and grill until medium rare, about 12 minutes. Let duck rest 5 minutes and slice. Fan duck over fondue and chutney. Drizzle with hoisin lime oil and garnish with scallion brush. Serve with steamed Chinese pancakes.nIn a saute pan coated with oil, add garlic and begin to caramelize. Season. When garlic is brown, add leeks. Cook until soft then add butter. Check for seasoning.nIn a saucepan add a little oil and caramelize onions with ginger. Add chiles, sugar and plums. Season. Stir for 5 minutes then deglaze with wine. Simmer on low heat until most of the wine is evaporated. Check for seasoning., ingredients: [4 7ounce duck breasts, 1 cup hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons sambal, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 12 cup shaoxing Chinese rice wine or red wine, 14 cup chopped scallions, Salt and black pepper to taste, 4 scallion ends to make brushes, 1 package Chinese pancakes If pancakes are frozen, they can be microwaved before streaming., Leek and Garlic Fondue, recipe follows, Fresh Plum Chutney, recipe follows, Canola oil to cook, 12 cloves of garlic, 3 cups chopped leeks, well washed, 2 to 3 ounces of butter, Salt and black pepper to taste, Canola oil, 2 diced red onions, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 minced Thai bird chiles, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, may need more if plums are very tart, 8 peeled and diced plums, 12 cup plum wine, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Grilled Marinated Duck Breast with Fresh Plum Chutney Leek and Garlic Fondue with Hoisin Lime Oil, picturelink: null}, 14555: {instructions: Noodles: Soften in water according to directions on package  normally 30 to 45 minutes in cool water. Drain and set aside.nPad Thai: Heat wok over high heat, add 2 tablespoons of the oil. When the oil is shimmering, add the basil and fry until crisp. Transfer the basil to a paper towel. Meanwhile, add 1 tablespoon of oil to wok, then add shrimp and tofu and stirfry until the shrimp begins to become opaque, about 2 minutes. Add the eggs and scramble quickly. Transfer the mixture to a plate and wipe out the wok with a clean, dry cloth.nHeat the wok and add the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil. When the oil is hot, add the garlic and habenero pepper and cook for 20 seconds. Add the fish sauce and brown sugar and heat through. Add the noodles and toss until the noodles have absorbed most of the sauce. Add peanuts, bean sprouts and reserved tofu, shrimp, and eggs and toss.nTransfer mixture on a serving platter. Garnish with lime, basil and mint., ingredients: [8 ounces flat rice noodles, Olive oil, 4 ounces basil leaves left as whole, stems removed, 1 pound, peeled and deveined shrimp, 4 ounces firm tofu, cubed, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon habenero pepper, minced, 12 cup fish sauce, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons, finely chopped lightly salted peanuts, 12 cup bean sprouts, 1 cup mint leaves, 2 limes, cut into wedges], title: Shrimp Pad Thai, picturelink: null}, 14556: {instructions: For the Asian Sauce:nIn a saucepan, add all the sauce ingredients. Bring almost to a boil over mediumhigh heat and then reduce the heat to low and simmer for about 10 minutes. Pour sauce over red and green bell peppers, onions, and carrots. Saute in wok until vegetables are cooked.nHeat grill to mediumhigh. Soak the cedar planks in water for about 2 hours prior to cooking.nCoat tops of planks with olive oil. Place planks on grill 1 minute, prior to cooking, until they start to smoke. Coat top and bottom of salmon fillets with Parmesan, sprinkle salt, pepper, and minced garlic on tops of salmon. Place salmon on top of planks skin side down. Close lid on grill and smoke the salmon for about 10 minutes until salmon is done or flakes a little with a fork. Garnish with paprika or sprig of parsley. Serve immediately with sauteed vegetables., ingredients: [1 cup soy sauce, 1 pound brown sugar, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons freshly minced Thai basil leaves, 2 tablespoons minced lemon grass, 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, 1 red bell pepper, julienne, 1 green bell pepper, julienne, 1 onion, julienne, 2 carrots, peeled and julienne, 4 cedar planks, 4 teaspoons olive oil, 4 8ounce salmon fillets, 4 tablespoons Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Paprika or parsley, for garnish], title: Cedar Plank Salmon Parmesan with Asian Reduction Sauce over Sauteed Julienned Vegetables, picturelink: 425hdOAtzZoybCU8dFW9ulp6HvGO97K}, 14557: {instructions: Make a loose ball out of the ground chuck. Place the ball of meat in a hot saute pan over mediumhigh heat and flatten with a metal spatula to 14inch thickness. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. While the meat is cooking, add the jalapeno and onion to the saute pan. Flip the burger, top with the cheese and melt total cook time on meat is 3 to 4 minutes. Place the roll cutside down in the saute pan to toast.nTo assemble: Place the toasted roll toastedside up on a plate. Place 12 ounce hot sauce on the toasted part of the bun. Place the burger on top of the sauce. Place the remaining 12 ounce hot sauce over the cheese. Place the sauteed jalapeno and onion over the hot sauce. Place the toasted top of the bun on the burger.nBon Appetit, ingredients: [2 ounces ground chuck, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounce fresh sliced jalapeno, 12 ounce fresh sliced white onion, 1 ounce American cheese, 1 Hawaiian roll, halved, 1 ounce your favorite hot sauce], title: HotterThanHell Sliders, picturelink: S2lkkguzhmhSA1y9q4WJMKTZm.CIXm}, 14558: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease the bottom and sides of a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking pan with vegetable spray. Dust all over with flour, shaking out excess. Set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, add 4 eggs, vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, water and cake mix. Reserve the fudge package for another use. Using an electric mixer with whisk attachment, whisk until well combined, about 3 minutes.nInto another mixing bowl, add ricotta cheese, 4 eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract and 34 cup of granulated sugar. Add chocolate chips. Whisk until well combined, about 2 minutes.nPour 23 cup of the cake batter into the pan. Add cocoa powder to the remaining batter and pour over the batter in the pan. Gently swirl in the cocoa batter creating a marble look. Pour the ricotta mixture over the batter and place the pan on middle rack in the oven. Bake for 1 hour. Check for doneness by inserting a toothpick into the center of the cake. If it comes out clean, the cake is cooked.nRemove cake from oven and set aside to completely cool.nTo make the frosting, in a large bowl, add package of chocolate pudding and cold milk. Using an electric mixer, whisk until thick and glossy, about 1 minute. Gently fold in prepared whipped cream until well combined.nWhen cake is completely cool, carefully transfer it to a decorative serving platter. Spread frosting evenly over the top of the cake and serve.nStore leftovers in the refrigerator., ingredients: [Vegetable spray, for greasing baking pan, Allpurpose flour, for dusting baking pan, 8 large eggs, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 14 cups water, 1 package fudge marble cake mix or plain vanilla, 12 cup cocoa powder, 2 pounds whole milk ricotta cheese, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 cup chocolate chips, 1 package instant chocolate pudding, 1 14 cups cold whole milk, 4 cups prepared whipped cream], title: Love Cake, picturelink: P3SXxnHBKxRxf8ZkoRs2yF.eZuc1kW}, 14559: {instructions: Butter a 6 to 8 cup shallow baking dish.nIn a small saucepan, heat the butter, garlic, rosemary and pepper, to taste, until the butter is melted. Allow it to sit over very low heat to infuse flavors and keep hot while cooking the potatoes.nIn a large pot, add the potatoes, cover with water and add a heavy pinch of salt. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then reduce the heat and simmer the potatoes until fork tender, about 15 minutes. Immediately drain the potatoes and then put them back into hot pot over very low heat, to dry thoroughly. Next, pass them through a food mill over a bowl. If you dont have a food mill, you can hand mash or use a ricer.nPreheat the oven broiler.nRemove the smashed garlic from warm butter and whisk in about 1 cup of the blue cheese. By hand, mix the cheese sauce into the potatoes and season with a little salt and pepper, to taste. Spread into the prepared baking dish and top with remaining cheese. Broil until the cheese is golden and melting, about 3 minutes. Remove the potatoes from the oven and serve., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for baking dish, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary leaves, Freshly cracked black pepper, 6 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, Kosher salt, 1 14 cups crumbled blue cheese recommended: Shropshire blue], title: Twice Baked Rosemary Blue Potato Mash, picturelink: null}, 14560: {instructions: Dissolve salt, sugar, and yeast in the warm water and allow the yeast to proof. Proofing the yeast is testing it for viability. It will develop foam which looks like the head of a beer. If it doesnt proof, the yeast is dead and should be discarded. Proofing takes about 15 minutes.nPlace flour in a food processor fitted with a dough blade, and through the feed tube with the food processor running, slowly pour the proofed yeast mixture, until the dough comes together and is a cohesive mass. Transfer the dough to a floured board, and knead for about 5 minutes. Place in a bowl, cover with a clean dish towel and allow dough to rise, so that it roughly doubles in volume. This will take about 30 minutes to an hour. The dough has risen enough if you make an indentation with your finger and it does not spring back. Punch the dough down and allow it to rise again. Allowing the dough to rise a second time gives it a finer texture. Note: It will not rise as much the second time.nWhile the dough is rising, prepare the pizza topping. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil over medium high heat in a large saucepan and saute garlic and onions until they begin to soften. Add parsley, salt, and tomatoes. Cook for about 20 minutes to allow flavors to integrate. Begin the chicken as described below, while the sauce is cooking. Remove from heat and whisk in instant flour to thicken. Mix with an immersion blender, then set aside briefly.nWhile the sauce is cooking, in a separate fry pan, heat the other tablespoon of olive oil over medium high heat, and brown the ground chicken, breaking up the pieces as it cooks. When the ground chicken has browned, remove from heat, crumble in blue cheese, and stir in buffalo wing sauce and yogurt. Fold this mixture into the tomato sauce. If the mix is absolutely too runny for a pizza topping, add more instant flour.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Divide the dough in half and stretch out 2 14inch circles. Transfer them to pizza stones sprinkled with cornmeal. Top with the buffalo chicken pizza topping. Roll up and seal ends. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the dough is nicely browned., ingredients: [1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 14ounce packet fresh fastacting yeast, 1 12 cups warm water, between 100 and 115 degrees F, as measured with a candy thermometer any hotter will kill the yeast  an organic leavener too cool and the yeast wont be activated, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus some extra to knead the dough, 14 cup cornmeal, for pizza stones, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 16ounce can tomato chunks or chunky tomato sauce, 14 cup instant flour, or enough as need to thicken the pizza topping if it is too runny recommended Wondra, 1 pound ground chicken, 3 ounces blue cheese, 12 cup buffalo wing sauce preferably Anchor Bay Wing Sauce made with the recipe from the place where buffalo wings were originally invented, 1 6ounce container plain yogurt], title: Buffalo Wing Pizza RollUp team Robert version, picturelink: baylg2D8RIWCYa7BKfMmM4vzaNyuMa}, 14561: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the butter and the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the squash and sprinkle with the salt, chile powder and pepper. Cook for several minutes, turning gently with a spatula, until the squash is deep golden brown and tender but not falling apart. Remove to a plate and set aside.nIn the same skillet, melt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter over mediumhigh heat and add in the kale. Toss it around with tongs and cook it for 3 to 4 minutes. Add in the cooked squash and gently toss together.nIn a separate skillet, melt additional butter and lightly brown both sides of the tortillas.nBuild the quesadillas one by one starting with a tortilla, adding a layer of the cheeses and a layer of the squashkale mixture and ending with a second tortilla. Youll have four quesadillas when youre done.nBrown each quesadilla on both sides, adding more butter to the pan to make sure the tortillas are nice and golden and yummy. When the cheese is melted, remove each quesadilla from the skillet and cut it into four wedges., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, plus more for frying tortillas, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 butternut squash, peeled, seeded and diced., 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon chile powder more to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch kale, leaves torn, stalks discarded, 8 small fajitasized flour tortillas, 1 14 cups grated Monterey Jack more if needed, 1 14 cups goat cheese], title: Butternut Squash and Kale Quesadillas, picturelink: 1YohhbHnti.iJpz1RlBmzhz0RfcVOEm}, 14562: {instructions: Make the dough: Whisk the flour, sugar, salt and the yeast in a medium bowl. Pour the warm water into a large bowl, then add the flour mixture and stir until combined. Stir in 2 tablespoons olive oil to make a very sticky dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead, dusting with more flour as needed, until the dough comes together and no longer sticks to your fingers, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a lightly oiled large bowl and turn to coat. Tightly cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nCoat an 11by17inch rimmed baking sheet with 3 tablespoons olive oil. Add the dough and stretch it to fit the baking sheet. Brush with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Loosely cover with plastic wrap and let rise at room temperature until puffy, about 2 hours.nMeanwhile, position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Make the sauce: Combine the tomatoes and their juices and the salt in a medium bowl and crush well with your hands or a potato masher. Uncover the dough and sprinkle with salt. Gently place the baking sheet in the oven the dough might deflate if it is knocked. Bake until golden, about 20 minutes. Remove the crust from the oven, top with the sliced mozzarella and cover with 2 cups of the crushed tomatoes. Bake until the cheese is bubbling through the sauce and starts browning, 15 to 20 more minutes.nLet the pizza stand 10 minutes, then remove from the pan using a spatula and transfer to a cutting board. Let cool 1 to 2 minutes before slicing.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon instant yeast, 1 34 cups warm water 100 degrees F to 110 degrees F, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the bowl, 1 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes preferably San Marzano, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling, 12 ounces whole milk mozzarella, thinly sliced], title: Sicilian Pizza, picturelink: 7b1iL7juzuDEC3EtcUElMDWgh8VO4i}, 14563: {instructions: Bake the potatoes in a preheated 425 degree oven for 50 minutes to 1 hour, or until they are soft, halve them lengthwise, and scoop the potato out of the shells with a spoon, reserving the shells for another use. Force the scooped out potato through a ricer or a food mill fitted with the medium disk into a large bowl.nIn a saucepan combine 3 tablespoons water, the butter, the salt, and the nutmeg, bring the mixture to a boil, and stir in the flour all at once. Reduce the heat to moderate and beat the mixture vigorously with a wooden spoon for 3 minutes, or until the paste pulls away from the side of the pan and forms a ball. Remove the pan from the heat, add the egg, beating the mixture until it is smooth and shiny.nAdd the potatoes and beat the mixture until it is combined well. The potato mixture may be prepared up to this point 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. In a deep fryer or large kettle heat 2 inches of the oil until it registers 340 degrees on a deepfat thermometer. Transfer the potato mixture to a large pastry bag fitted with a 12 inch star tip and pipe eight 2 12 inch lengths, cutting them with kitchen shears or a small knife, directly into the oil. Fry the croquettes, turning them with a slotted spoon, for 3 minutes, or until they are crisp, golden, and cooked through, transfer them as they are fried to paper towels to drain, and sprinkle them with the salt. Make more croquettes in batches with the remaining potato mixture and transfer the drained croquettes to a rack set in a jellyroll pan to prevent them from becoming soggy. The croquettes may be made 2 hours in advance, kept covered loosely with paper towels at room temperature, and reheated on the rack in a preheated 400 degree oven for 5 minutes, or until they are heated through and crisp. If not making the croquettes in advance, keep them warm in a preheated 300 degree oven., ingredients: [12 pound russet baking potatoes about 1, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cut into bits, Pinch of salt, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 large egg, Vegetable oil for deep frying the potatoes, Coarse salt for sprinkling the croquettes if desired], title: Potato Dauphine, picturelink: null}, 14564: {instructions: Place 1 thinly sliced orange and the coarsely chopped stalks and fronds from 1 bulb fennel in a pitcher. For still infused water, add 2 quarts of water. For sparkling water, add 1 quart of seltzer during prep and a second quart just before serving. Refrigerate 2 to 4 hours to allow the ingredients to infuse. Stir well and strain, discarding the solids. For serving, add fresh fennel, fronds and orange slices for garnish and plenty of ice. The infused water will keep refrigerated for up to 2 days., ingredients: [], title: OrangeFennel Water, picturelink: JHK3yJCFzTCkyZ0a0IaMqgShBYrpw5K}, 14565: {instructions: Combine the nuts with the butter, sugar and flour you will have to combine this dough with your hands if a bit too dry, add drops of lemon juice or rum. Form dough into a roll 1 1 4inches thick. Refrigerate overnight in waxed paper or parchment.nFollowing day preheat the oven to 350 degrees. cut dough into 14inch slices and bake on an ungreased cookie sheet for 15 minutes or until golden. Remove from oven and cool cookies on a rack.nWhen cooled to room temperature, sandwich two cookies together with raspberry jam and spread some of the chocolate icing see below over the top cookie. For a pretty presentation, set them in fluted paper cups., ingredients: [14 pound almonds or hazelnuts, finely ground, 12 pound butter, at room temperature, 14 pound sugar, 12 pound flour, Seedless raspberry preserves, Chocolate icing see recipe below], title: Marias Ischli Cookies, picturelink: null}, 14566: {instructions: In a saucepan boil the sugar and water together to make a caramel. Test the color of the caramel on a white plate. It should be amberbrown. Stir in the butter with a wooden spoon then stir in the nuts. Pour onto a silpat and let cool. Break up into chunks for brittle, just chop or crush with the bottom of a bottle. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 12 cup water, to dissolve, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup macadamia nuts, toasted and cooled], title: Macadamia Nut Brittle, picturelink: SULxkyQLT6HrHRb60Pa3Wjjw1XSISV.}, 14567: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a mixing bowl, combine all of the ingredients and mix well. On the stove top, heat the oil in a large skillet until hot but not boiling. Pour the hot oil into the bowl with the other ingredients and mix well. Pour the batter into the skillet and bake for 35 to 50 minutes. Start checking for doneness after 35 minutes it should be golden brown when done., ingredients: [2 cups cornmeal, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup water, 1 large egg, 6 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Mamas Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 14568: {instructions: Special equipment: a squeeze bottle and protective glovesnFor the ahi tuna slider: Coat the tuna with the togarashi. Heat the oil in a nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the tuna and sear each side just to medium rare, about 30 seconds per side.nToast the slider bun with the butter and set aside. Toss the green onion, cucumber and cilantro in a small bowl with the rice vinegar and some salt.nFor the sauce: Mix the sour cream with the kimchi powder and lime juice. Transfer to a squeeze bottle.nOn the toasted roll, form a sandwich with the cucumber mixture, kimchi and tuna. Add the kimchi cream and garnish with the mint., ingredients: [3 ounces fresh ahi or saku tuna, cut into long rectangles, 1 teaspoon togarashi or blackening spice, 12 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 slider roll, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, softened, 2 teaspoons thinly sliced green onion, 4 slices cucumber, 3 to 4 fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon rice vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces kimchi, Mint leaves, for garnish, 1 tablespoon sour cream, Large pinch of kimchi powder, Juice of 12 lime], title: Ahi Tuna Slider with Kimchi and Cucumber, picturelink: EcpvycBBbE2B9.H.FTfYWD7d1IZ5IbO}, 14569: {instructions: Split and scrape out the insides of vanilla bean, place into milk and steam until frothy. Set aside and let infuse for 10 minutes. While the milk is still warm, add to a blender with the chocolate and vanilla syrup. Blend until chocolate is melted and the mixture is well combined. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 vanilla bean, 2 cups milk, 1 cup grated Vahlrohna bittersweet chocolate, 1 ounce vanilla syrup], title: Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 14570: {instructions: Special equipment: ToothpicknPreheat medium pot over medium high heat. Add olive oil, butter, onions and carrots and saute 5 minutes. Add 4 cups chicken stock, curry and cayenne, and about 1 teaspoon salt to the pot. Bring to a boil, cover and cook until carrots are very tender, about 15 minutes. Place pot on a trivet next to food processor. Process soup in 2 or 3 small batches until soup is smooth and carrots are fully pureed. Transfer processed soup into a large bowl as you work to make room for more soup in the food processor. Return completed soup to the soup pot and place back over low heat. If the soup is too thick, add remaining stock, up to 2 cups, to achieve desired consistency. Adjust seasonings. Place sour cream in a plastic condiment squeeze bottle or into a medium food storage bag. Cut a very small hole in the corner of the bag with scissors. Ladle soup into bowls and squirt a swirl of sour cream around the bowl from the center out to the rim. Drag a toothpick from the center of the bowls out to the edges, forming a spider web design on soup. Pile a few pieces of cut chives at the center of each bowl to resemble green spiders in their webs Cool, ingredients: [1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 12 pounds packaged baby carrots, from produce section, 6 cups chicken stock, available on soup aisle, 1 tablespoon mild curry paste or 1 12 tablespoons curry powder, 14 to 12 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, Coarse salt, 1 cup sour cream, Plastic condiment bottle or medium plastic food storage bag, 6 blades fresh chives, cut into 1inch pieces], title: Curried Carrot Soup, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 14571: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nWhip the egg yolks until thick. Add the condensed milk and slowly add the juice and vanilla bean and mix well until blended. Pour the mixture into the prebaked shell and bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Once the pie is ready let cool and set aside in refrigerator.nTo make the meringue, dissolve the egg whites and sugar together over a double boiler. Whip on high speed until volume increases and meringue has medium peaks. Add the cocoa and the spices and fold until all ingredients are well incorporated.nTo serve, top the pie with the meringue and torch the meringue or place in broiler to slightly brown the top., ingredients: [4 egg yolks, 12 ounces sweetened condensed milk, 4 ounces freshly squeezed honeybell oranges, 1 vanilla bean, seeds removed, 19inch prebaked pie shell or 4 3inch pie shells, 12 cup egg whites, 7 ounces granulated sugar, 1 ounce cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon Chinese fivespice, Pinch hot chile flakes], title: Vanilla Bean Honeybell Orange Tart with ChocolateSpiced Citrus Meringue, picturelink: null}, 14572: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender or mini chop, combine the chipotles, adobo sauce, crema, oil, lemon juice, honey and salt and puree. Set asidenCut the cabbage into quarters and remove the core. Using a knife or mandolin, shred the cabbage into thin strips. Place in a large bowl, add the shredded carrots and mix. Add the chipotle dressing and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [3 canned chipotle peppers in adobo, chopped, plus 1 tablespoon adobo sauce, 12 cup Mexican crema, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Juice of 12 lemon, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 small head green cabbage, 1 cup shredded carrots], title: Spicy Cabbage Salad, picturelink: tc41ifR1vxusqznCSYLd38moW4rEtG}, 14573: {instructions: To make dressing: In a pint jar, combine the garlic, gingerroot, lime juice, sugar, peanut oil, nuoc mam, and hot pepper flakes, if using. Shake well. Set aside.nTo make the salad: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, bring the water, bouillon cube, and peanut oil to a boil. Add the couscous in a stream. Remove from the heat. Stir once. Cover and let stand until the couscous is tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Set aside to cool. Mix with half of the cilantro, half of the mint, and half of the peanuts.nIn a large bowl, combine the carrots, cucumber, onions, cabbage, and remaining cilantro and mint. Add the dressing and toss thoroughly.nSpoon equal portions of couscous onto 6 dinner plates. Top with the vegetable mixture and the shrimp. Garnish with remaining peanuts, cilantro, and mint leaves. Serve at room temperature.nCooks Note: To cook the shrimp, rinse them under running water. In a medium saucepan, bring 4 cups water and 2 bay leaves to a boil. Add the shrimp, and cook until they are just pink, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain and let cool. Discard the cooking liquid and bay leaves. Shell and devein the shrimp., ingredients: [1 garlic clove, minced, 1 teaspoon minced gingerroot, 6 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 tablespoons nuoc mam Southeast Asian fish sauce, available at Asian markets, 1 teaspoon hot pepper flakes, 1 13 cups boiling water, 1 extralarge fish bouillon cubes available at Asian markets, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 cup couscous, 20 sprigs fresh cilantro, finely chopped about 2 tablespoons, 30 fresh mint leaves, finely chopped about 2 tablespoons, 12 cup about 4 ounces salted, dryroasted peanuts, coarsely chopped, 2 medium carrots, peeled and shredded, 1 medium cucumber, peeled, seeded, and shredded, 6 green onions, green tops included, finely sliced, 12 head Napa cabbage, finely shredded, 8 ounces medium shrimp, cooked and coarsely chopped, see note, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Vietnamese Couscous Salad, picturelink: OY0qKWNZS6ek2XgoCOyfvRs7So2mHlW}, 14574: {instructions: In a bowl whisk together the buttermilk, the eggs, and 6 tablespoons of the butter. In a large bowl whisk together the flours, the wheat germ, the salt, the baking powder, the baking soda, and the sugar, add the buttermilk mixture, and whisk the batter until it is just combined. Heat a griddle over moderately high heat until it is hot enough to make drops of water scatter over its surface and brush it with some of the additional melted butter.nWorking in batches, pour the batter onto the griddle by 13cup measures, sprinkle each pancake with about 2 tablespoons of the blueberries, and cook the pancakes for 2 minutes on each side, or until they are golden. Transfer the pancakes as they are cooked to a heatproof platter and keep them warm in a preheated 200 degrees F. oven. Serve the pancakes with the Blueberry Syrup.nIn a large saucepan combine the blueberries and 34 cup water, bring the mixture to a boil, and simmer it, covered, for 10 minutes. Puree the mixture in batches in a blender or food processor and force it through a fine sieve into a bowl, discarding the solids.nIn the pan, cleaned, combine the sugar, the zest, and 1 12 cups water, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and boil it, uncovered, until a candy thermometer registers 200 degrees F. Discard the zest, add the blueberry mixture, and boil the syrup, stirring, for 1 minute. Let the syrup cool, skim off any froth, and stir in the lemon juice. Pour the syrup into glass jars with tightfitting lids. The syrup keeps, covered and chilled, for 3 months. Serve the syrup warm over pancakes or ice cream.nIn a large heavy skillet saute the apples in the butter over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes, or until they are softened. Sprinkle them with the sugar and the cinnamon, and cook them over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 10 minutes, or until they are tender. Stir in lemon juice, to taste, and keep the mixture warm.nVariation: Apple Pancakes with Sauteed Apples ., ingredients: [2 cups buttermilk, 3 large eggs, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus additional melted butter for brushing the griddle, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup wholewheat flour, 14 cup wheat germ, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons doubleacting baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups blueberries, picked over, Blueberry Syrup, recipe follows, 6 cups blueberries, picked over, 3 cups sugar, 12 lemon, zest removed in strips with a vegetable peeler, 18 cup fresh lemon juice, Substitute 2 cups diced apples for blueberries, 4 large Granny Smith or Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, and sliced, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, Fresh lemon juice], title: Blueberry WholeWheat Pancakes with Blueberry Syrup, picturelink: null}, 14575: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a round cake pan with nonstick spray butter flavored, if available and set it aside.nTo make the glaze: Put butter in a small microwavesafe bowl and microwave for about 15 seconds, just until melted. Add brown sugar and mix well. Set aside.nTo make the cake: Combine cake mix with baking powder in a large bowl. Mix well with a hand mixer. Add club soda and applesauce, and stir until smooth. Set aside.nSpread glaze evenly along the bottom of the cake pan. Blot pineapple rings and cherries with paper towels to remove any excess moisture. Lay the pineapple rings in an even layer in the cake pan, and place one cherry in the center of each pineapple ring.nEvenly pour the batter into the cake pan over the fruit layer. Bake in the oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes.nAllow the cake to cool for 15 to 20 minutes, until just slightly warm. Firmly and securely place a large plate over the pan, and carefully flip so the plate is on the bottom. Gently lift the pan to release the cake. If you have trouble releasing it, pop it in the oven for a few minutes.nCut into 8 slices and dig in, ingredients: [1 tablespoon light whipped butter or light buttery spread, 14 cup brown sugar not packed, 12 of an 18.25ounce box about 1 12 cups moiststyle yellow cake mix, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 cup club soda, 14 cup nosugaradded applesauce, 7 pineapple rings packed in juice, drained, 7 maraschino cherries], title: UpsideDown PineappleApplesauce Cake, picturelink: 8NYj9bcgpPcd1LzxbG9Xf.AtfdT0oJm}, 14576: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Whisk the eggs, cream, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper in a medium bowl to blend. Set aside. Heat the oil and butter in a 9 12inchdiameter nonstick ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the asparagus and saute until crisptender, about 2 minutes. Raise the heat to mediumhigh. Add the tomato and a pinch of salt and saute 2 minutes longer. Pour the egg mixture over the asparagus mixture and cook for a few minutes until the eggs start to set. Sprinkle with cheese. Reduce heat to mediumlow and cook until the frittata is almost set but the top is still runny, about 2 minutes. Place the skillet under the broiler. Broil until the top is set and golden brown on top, about 5 minutes. Let the frittata stand 2 minutes. Using a rubber spatula, loosen the frittata from skillet and slide the frittata onto a plate., ingredients: [6 large eggs, 2 tablespoons whipping cream, 12 teaspoon salt, plus a pinch, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 ounces asparagus, trimmed, cut into 14 to 12inch pieces, 1 tomato, seeded, diced, Salt, 3 ounces Fontina, diced], title: Frittata with Asparagus, Tomato, and Fontina, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 14577: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. In a large bowl, mix the mashed gratin with the curry powder and parsley. Fill crock 13 full with curried mash. Top with chopped steak, then top again with mash. Sprinkle on cheese and bake for 25 to 30 minutes until bubbling hot. If top is not golden brown, switch oven to broiler and color the tops.nThis recipe utilizes the leftovers from above:nIn a bowl, mix mustard, vinegar and sugar. Whisk in the oil. Season. Toss lightly with mesclun.nPLATING Place crock on one side of an oval plate, the salad on the other. Wine Suggestion: Fife Attitude 1996nIn a bowl, whisk mustard, turmeric and salt with water to form a paste. Whisk in oil and let stand overnight. Mixture will separate, dont remix before using, you want to use the clear flavored oil off the top., ingredients: [2 cups gratin, mashed, 12 tablespoon madras curry powder, 12 cup chopped flat leaf parsley, 1 cup chopped up steak, 12 cup shredded Gruyere cheese, 2 to 4 individually sized round baking crocks, Mustard Salad, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon pommery mustard, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup mustard oil, recipe follows, Salt and black pepper to taste, 4 cups mesclun mix, 2 tablespoons dry mustard powder, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon salt, Water, to make a paste, 2 cups canola oil], title: Curried Shepherds Pie with Mustard Salad, picturelink: null}, 14578: {instructions: Sauce:nCombine sauce ingredients in a small bowl mix well.nWith a vegetable peeler, remove 1inch strips of the eggplant skin, leaving a 1inch strip of skin in between. Cut the eggplant into fourths lengthwise, then cut each section crosswise into 3inch pieces.nPour enough oil into a 2quart saucepan to fill 3 inches. Heat over medium heat to 350 degrees F. Deepfry the eggplant batches until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain well on paper towels.nPlace wok over a high heat until hot. Add 1 tablespoon of deepfrying oil and swirl to coat the sides. Add the garlic, ginger, dried chiles and green onion cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add ground meat and cook, breaking up pieces with back of a spoon, until brown and crumbly. Add the sauce and bring to a simmer. Add the cooked eggplant and stir to coat. Scoop onto a warm serving platter. Serve, garnished with cilantro or green onions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chicken broth, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons Chinese black vinegar, 2 teaspoons plum sauce, 4 Chinese eggplants about 1 pound, stems removed, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 4 dried whole chile peppers, 2 green onions, cut into 2inch lengths, 14 pound ground pork, Chopped cilantro leaves or sliced green onions], title: Spicy Eggplant, picturelink: null}, 14579: {instructions: In a large bowl stir together well the wine, vinegar, 1 cup water, 3 of the onions, quartered, celery leaves, salt, sugar, mustard seeds, nutmeg, cloves, peppercorns, parsley, and bay leaves. Add the meat and let it marinate, covered and chilled, turning occasionally, for 3 to 4 days.nRemove the meat from the marinade and reserve the marinade. Season the meat with salt and pepper. In a kettle heat the clarified butter over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking. Add the meat and brown on all sides. Add the reserved marinade and gently simmer the mixture, covered, for 3 12 to 4 hours, or until the meat is tender.nTransfer the meat to a cutting board. Strain the cooking liquid and skim off the fat. Transfer 12 cup of the cooking liquid to a saucepan, bring to a boil, and stir in the gingersnaps and the remaining liquid, a little at a time, stirring. Boil the sauce, stirring, until it is thickened and add salt and pepper to taste. Slice the meat and serve it with the sauce and potato dumplings., ingredients: [2 12 cups dry red wine, 1 12 cups redwine vinegar, 4 onions, Leaves from 1 bunch of celery, 2 tablespoons coarse salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 10 cloves, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, crushed lightly, 4 parsley sprigs, 2 bay leaves, 1 4pound rump roast, tied, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, 12 cup crushed gingersnaps], title: Bavarian Sauerbraten, picturelink: null}, 14580: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat up extravirgin olive oil for the tomato sauce. Add the crushed tomatoes, garlic, salt and basil. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes.nDivide dough into 8 equal parts. Stretch and flatten out each piece with your hands to create little pizzas.nIn a large pan, heat the extravirgin olive oil on high heat. Gently place each piece of dough in the hot oil and cook for about a minute on each side. Once the dough is puffy and golden brown on both sides, remove them from the pan and place on a paper towel to absorb the excess oil.nRemove any raw garlic, if desired, from the tomato sauce and spoon sauce onto the fried dough. Top with freshly grated pecorino cheese, and serve immediately.nFor a sweet version: drizzle honey on the fried dough, and serve hot., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, for sauce, 12 ounces crushed tomatoes, 2 cloves garlic, cut into chunks, Salt, Fresh basil, torn, Freshly grated pecorino cheese sheeps milk cheese, for serving, 1 pound fresh pizza dough or frozen pizza dough, thawed, Extravirgin olive oil, for frying, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Pizza Fritta with Tomato Sauce or Honey, picturelink: null}, 14581: {instructions: Heat the drippings in a wide flatbottomed skillet until they spit and smoke. Break in the eggs. They will immediately bubble around the edges, making then crisp. Break their yolks with a fork and swirl them around, so that they are scattered fairly evenly through the whites. This will cook very quickly and the eggs should be tough. Either push them to one side of the pan or remove them, and fry bread in the drippings for each sandwich, two slices an egg. Fry on one side only. Sandwich egg between bread slices. Wrap them in waxed paper., ingredients: [1 cup bacon drippings, 6 eggs, 12 slices bread, Waxed paper], title: Fried Egg Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 14582: {instructions: STIR together preserves, orange juice and pineapple until blended. Fold in banana, strawberries and kiwi.nPOUR 14 cup mixture into small bowls or plastic cups.nFREEZE for 1 to 2 hours or until partially frozen., ingredients: [1 12.75 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Peach Sugar Free Preserves, 1 cup orange juice, 1 8oz. can crushed pineapple, undrained, 1 cup chopped banana, 12 cup chopped strawberries, 1 kiwi, peeled and chopped], title: Fruit Slushy, picturelink: OQjL2nyfaMvuOEHUqabuIFvXxJobke}, 14583: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCook broccoli according to package directions set aside. Cook egg noodles according to package directions, drain, and set aside.nIn a 9by 13inch baking dish, spread broccoli evenly across the bottom and top with egg noodles. In a large mixing bowl, combine soup, milk, sour cream, cheese, and hot dogs. Mix well and pour mixture over noodles. Cover dish with foil and bake until heated through and bubbly, about 45 minutes. Sprinkle top with bacon and bake just until bacon is heated, about 5 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 10ounce box frozen broccoli, 1 8ounce package egg noodles, 1 10.75ounce can cream of mushroom soup, 12 cup milk, 12 cup sour cream, 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 1 pound beef hot dogs, sliced, 4 slices cooked bacon, crumbled], title: Hot Dog Noodle Casserole, picturelink: null}, 14584: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter an 8 or 9inch square baking pan.nIn a large skillet, fry the bacon over mediumhigh heat until crispy, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels. In the bacon fat, cook the onion and pepper until just starting to brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in the hominy, halfandhalf and hot sauce. When the mixture is bubbling, turn off the heat and stir in the bacon and some of the Cheddar and Monterey Jack, reserving some of the cheese for later. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt, pepper and more hot sauce if needed.nPour the mixture into the prepared pan and top with the remaining cheese and the breadcrumbs. Bake until the top is golden brown and the casserole is bubbling, about 20 minutes. Let rest for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the pan, 8 slices bacon, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, One 30ounce can hominy, drained and rinsed, 34 cup halfandhalf, Hot sauce, to taste, 12 cup grated Cheddar, 12 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup breadcrumbs], title: Hominy Casserole, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 14585: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray cookie sheets with nostick cooking spray. Combine flour, brownie mix, water, oil and egg in large bowl blend well. Drop dough by teaspoonfuls 2 inches apart onto prepared cookie sheets. Arrange 5 pecan pieces under each to resemble head and legs of turtle.nBAKE 8 to 12 minutes or until top of cookies appear almost set. Cool 1 minute remove from cookie sheets. Cool 2 minutes or until completely cooled.nCOMBINE caramels and 1 tablespoon water in small saucepan cook and stir over low heat until melted and smooth, adding enough additional water for desired drizzling consistency. Stir in powdered sugar until smooth. Spoon over cookies. Let stand until frosting is set. Store cookies between sheets of waxed paper in tightly covered container.nHigh Altitude above 3500 ft.:nINCREASE flour to 34 cup. Bake at 375 degrees F for 9 to 13 minutes., ingredients: [1 19.25 oz. package Pillsburyu00ae Family Size Chocolate Fudge Brownie Mix, 12 cup water, 14 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 1 large egg, 2 cups pecan halves, split lengthwise, FROSTING:, 22 vanilla caramels, unwrapped, 1 to 2 tbsps. water, 2 tsps. powdered sugar, COOKIES:, Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 12 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour], title: Turtle Brownie Cookies, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 14586: {instructions: In a saucepan, saute white parts of the scallions and zest in oil. Add rice and ginger and saute for 3 minutes. Add zest, juice, salt, pepper, and chicken stock, cover and bring to boil. Turn down and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Pull off of heat and let stand for another 25 minutes with cover still on.nSoak shrimp in salty cold water for 20 minutes and rinse thoroughly.nIn a large bowl, mix peppercorns, salt, and cornstarch. Dredge shrimp in mixture.nIn a very hot wok, add oil and fry the shrimp quickly. Add the green parts of the scallions. Cook until shrimp are pink, 3 to 5 minutes., ingredients: [4 scallions, white part only, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 cups basmati rice, washed until water is clear, 2 large slices ginger, 2 lemons, zested, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon salt, Pinch ground white peppercorn, 2 12 cups chicken stock, can substitute water, 1 12 pounds large shrimps U15s, deveined, shell on, 12 tablespoon ground black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon ground white peppercorns, 12 teaspoon ground Szechwan peppercorns, 1 tablespoon fleur de sel, 12 cup cornstarch, 4 scallions, green part only finely chopped, white part reserved, 14 cup canola oil], title: Wok Flashed Salt and Pepper Shrimp with Lemon Basmati Rice, picturelink: null}, 14587: {instructions: Special equipment: a 9inch springform pannBring a large saucepan of generously salted water to a boil. Add half the noodles, dropping each in separately, and cook, stirring gently, until pliable but still firm, about 4 minutes. Lift the noodles out of the water with a slotted spoon then lay them on a sheet of foil in a single layer, not touching. Lightly drizzle the noodles with 1 tablespoon olive oil then rub them all over to coat well. Repeat with the remaining noodles and 1 tablespoon olive oil.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until completely soft and starting to caramelize, about 20 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and garlic and cook, stirring until lightly caramelized, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, bay leaf and 1 cup water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to maintain a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Discard the bay leaf. Carefully puree the sauce in a blender until smooth and return it to the pot. Stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Shred half of the mozzarella on the large holes of a box grater. Add it to a large bowl, along with the ricotta, Parmesan, basil, eggs, 1 teaspoon salt and the 12 teaspoon pepper and stir to combine. Divide the ricotta mixture among the noodles, putting 2 to 3 tablespoons in each, and spread into an even layer. Reserve the remaining piece of mozzarella.nLightly grease a 9inch springform pan with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and spread 12 cup of the sauce over the bottom. Cut each lasagna noodle in half lengthwise then roll each noodle strip into a pinwheel. Rotate the pinwheels so the frilly ends are on top, then transfer them to the prepared pan in a snug, even layer. Pour the remaining sauce over the noodles, using the back of a spoon to spread it evenly over the top and into any gaps.nCover the pan with foil and bake until the noodles are tender and the lasagna is warmed through and bubbling, about 30 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven. Tear the remaining mozzarella into pieces and scatter them over the noodles. Return the lasagna to the oven until the mozzarella is just melted, 5 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes before unmolding. Carefully remove the sides of the pan, top with basil leaves and serve immediately., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 17 lasagna noodles, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 small yellow onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, One 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 pound whole milk ricotta about 2 cups, One 8ounce block partskim mozzarella, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, plus more whole leaves for serving, 2 large eggs], title: Lasagna RollUps, picturelink: TZUiV.Aheo55siIDbo1zGMBbv707KK}, 14588: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8by2inch round cake pan and line it with parchment.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt. In a large bowl, whisk together the sugar, melted butter and eggs. Alternate whisking the flour mixture and the buttermilk and coffee into the sugar and egg mixture, starting and ending with the flour mixture. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan.nBake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with moist crumbs attached, about 40 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool for 20 minutes, then flip the cake out onto the rack to cool completely, about 1 hour.nFor the custard: Put the chocolate and butter in a medium bowl and set a finemesh sieve over it. In another medium bowl, whisk the sugar, cornstarch, salt and egg yolks together until smooth.nBring the milk and the cocoa powder to a simmer in a small pot. While whisking, add about 14 cup of the hot milk mixture to the yolk mixture. Repeat this process until the two are completely combined. Return the mixture to the pot and heat over medium while stirring constantly. Bring the custard to a boil and cook, whisking constantly, for 1 to 2 minutes. Immediately pour the custard through the sieve into the bowl with the chocolate. After the butter and chocolate have melted, whisk until smooth. Cover with a piece of plastic wrap, making sure the plastic touches the surface of the custard, and chill until completely cold, about 1 hour.nFor the glaze: Put the chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl. Bring the cream to a boil in a small saucepan and pour it over the chocolate. Let the mixture stand until smooth and then whisk it to combine. Whisk in the salt. Chill the glaze, stirring occasionally, until it is thick enough to spread over the top of the cake, 20 to 30 minutes.nTo assemble the cake, cut it in half crosswise. Spread the chocolate custard evenly over the bottom half, and replace the top half. Spread the glaze evenly over the top., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the pan, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 14 cups sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup warm coffee, 1 12 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, Pinch kosher salt, 2 large egg yolks, 1 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 13 cup chopped bittersweet chocolate, 14 cup heavy cream, Pinch kosher salt], title: Triple Chocolate Boston Cream Pie, picturelink: QUj7O7kLlVLf7pzImszrhUFX.1zzga}, 14589: {instructions: Heat a skillet over medium heat. Add the bacon and render until crisp. Drain on paper towels to remove the excess grease. Melt the chocolate on the top of a double boiler over medium heat. Remove from the heat when the chocolate is 80percent melted and continue stirring until fully melted. Stir in the bacon, and then gently fold in the crisped rice cereal. Pour the mixture into silicone molds, cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Unmold and sprinkle with fleur de sel.nPhoto reprinted with permission from Nadia G.s Bitchin Kitchen: Cookin For Trouble by Nadia G., copyright c 2011. Published by Ballantine Books., ingredients: [6 slices maplecured bacon, minced, 2 cups roughly chopped milk chocolate, 12 cup crisped rice cereal, Fleur de sel], title: Bacon Chocolates, picturelink: null}, 14590: {instructions: In a skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of oil.nIn a shallow bowl, lightly beat the eggs. In another shallow bowl, put the bread crumbs. Dip the beef in the egg, then in bread crumbs, carefully coating both sides.nSaute the meat in the hot oil until the bread crumbs are browned on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Remove the meat from the oil, but keep the skillet and oil warm. Cut the meat into 12inch strips.nCut the roll in half lengthwise and pull out the soft center from both sides. Cover the bottom side with mayonnaise and beef strips. Place 4 ripe avocado slices on the other side and spread the slices, like a thick butter. Layer 4 slices of tomato on top of the beef and cover with a mound of mixed greens, some sliced onion, and the pickled jalapeno.nPut the torta back in the skillet and brown the roll, pressing down with a spatula. When brown on both sides, cut and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 egg, 14 cup dry bread crumbs, 1 12pound flank steak, pounded flat to 3 by 4 by 18 inches, 1 French bread roll, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 12 avocado, cut into 4 slices, 12 tomato, thinly sliced, 14 cup mesclun greens, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 pickled jalapeno], title: Steak Sandwiches: Tortas, picturelink: null}, 14591: {instructions: In a large saucepan, cook the bacon for 6 to 8 minutes over low heat, or heat the oil until fragrant. Add the onion, bell pepper, and garlic and cook, stirring, until tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and cook over mediumhigh heat until all the water has been absorbed and small craters form over the surface of the rice, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir with a fork, cover, and cook over low heat until the rice is tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Discard the bay leaf and serve., ingredients: [4 ounces slab bacon, rind removed and cut into 14inch dice or 5 tablespoons pure Spanish olive oil, 1 mediumsize onion, finely chopped, 1 mediumsize green bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup dried black beans, rinsed, soaked overnight, and prepared according to directions on package to yield 2 12 cups cooked black beans or 2 16ounce cans black beans, undrained, 2 cups raw converted white rice, 4 12 cups water, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons pure Spanish olive oil, 1 tablespoon hot red pepper sauce recommended: Blairs Original Death Sauce, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Blair Beans and Rice, picturelink: null}, 14592: {instructions: Liberally salt and pepper the halibut. Place 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a mediumsized, nonstick pan. When oil is shimmering, place the halibut, skinside down, in pan. Cook on both sides for 2 minutes or to desirable color. Place halibut aside. In a mediumsized saute pan over medium heat, add remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Once it is hot, add the shallots, red pepper flakes, and parsley, and saute for 2 minutes. Then add 3 of the 4 garlic cloves, and cook another minute. Deglaze pan with 12 cup of the white wine and add tomatoes, capers, olives, and halibut. Cook on low heat until most of the liquid is evaporated and fish is firm to the touch.nTo plate: Place escarole in center of plate put halibut on top of escarole, then surround fish and escarole with Gnocchi. Finish with sauce as needed.nPlace olive oil, garlic, and red pepper flakes in a small saute pan over medium heat. When the garlic starts to brown add roughly chopped escarole until wilted add a dash of salt and pepper and finish with white wine.nOn a clean cooking surface cutting board place the flour spreading it out to make a well about 6 inches in diameter. In the middle of the well place the eggs, cheeses, salt, and pepper. Stir mixture, then slowly incorporate flour to wet mixture until the mixture becomes cohesive. Continue kneading until dough is dry to touch add more flour, if needed. Cut small pieces of dough, roll out to make 6inch rolls, 1inch in diameter, then using a large chefs knife cut into 1inch long pieces. When finished, add to a pot of boiling water, gnocchi are done when they float to the top. Drain., ingredients: [1 10ounce halibut fillet, skinon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 medium sized shallot, minced, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 bunch flatleaf Italian parsley, cleaned, stems removed, and chopped, 4 garlic cloves, smashed and finely chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, smashed with hands, 14 cup rinsed capers, 1 cup pitted kalamata olives, smashed, Gnocchi, recipe follows, Escarole, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 garlic clove, smashed and finely chopped, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tight bunch escarole, cleaned and chopped, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, 1 pound ricotta cheese, 14 grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Pan Seared Braised Halibut in a Puttanesca Sauce Served with Gnocchi and Escarole, picturelink: null}, 14593: {instructions: Dice tomatoes, red onion, peppers, and cucumber. Add to a medium bowl and mix together.nAlternate a layer of vegetables and spinach into a larger bowl. Drizzle with Red Wine Vinaigrette.nIn a medium bowl, add red wine vinegar, Creole mustard and honey. Whisk together. Slowly whisk in olive oil, to allow mixture to emulsify. Stir in a pinch of chili flakes and salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [3 medium ripe tomatoes, seeds removed, 1 red onion, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeds removed, 1 red bell pepper, seeds removed, 1 cucumber, 2 6ounce packages baby spinach, Red Wine Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Creole mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 34 cup olive oil, Pinch red chili flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Gazpacho Salad, picturelink: rQTBpYyKdJ98eH8aYZmR.mNQJvqBqCK}, 14594: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, 2 tablespoons butter, the shortening, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor until it looks like fine meal. Add the remaining 4 tablespoons butter and pulse until it is in peasize pieces. Drizzle in 2 to 3 tablespoons cold water and pulse until the dough just comes together. Turn out onto a piece of plastic wrap use the plastic to help form the dough into a disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight. The dough can be frozen for up to 2 months thaw at room temperature.nRoll out the dough into a 13inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9 12inch deepdish pie plate, fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edge with your fingers. Chill at least30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the crust with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until golden around the edge, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights continue baking until golden all over, 10 to 15 more minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nMake the topping: Combine the flour, nuts, brown sugar, butter and salt in a medium bowl squeeze into clumps, transfer to a plate and freeze until hard, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Gently whisk the sweet potato, evaporated milk, granulated sugar, eggs, cinnamon, ginger and nutmeg in a large bowl. Pour into the crust. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake 30 minutes. Scatter the topping on the pie and continue baking until the center is almost set but still jiggles slightly, 30 to 45 more minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup chopped hazelnuts, almonds or pecans, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups canned sweet potato puree, 1 cup evaporated milk, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg], title: Sweet Potato Streusel Pie, picturelink: VgNPQ8CkudZuhJ0KOECXhpjHpP4vyi}, 14595: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in large mixing bowl and mix at slow speed until smooth. If stiffer icing is needed, or if the weather is very warm, add a little extra sugar. This recipe is enough to cover and fill a 9 by 13inch sheet cake or two 9inch layers., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter or margarine, room temperature use vegetable shortening when pure white icing is needed, 12 cup milk, room temperature, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons vanilla or other desired flavoring, 2 pounds confectioners sugar], title: Basic Buttercream Icing, picturelink: null}, 14596: {instructions: Heat a nonstick saute pan over mediumlow heat. Add butter and heat until it no longer bubbles. Add shallot, lobster and green asparagus and gently warm through. Meanwhile, crack eggs into a small mixing bowl and whisk until frothy. Incorporate parsley and chives, and season, to taste, with kosher salt and black pepper. Add eggs to saute pan and gently scramble eggs until just barely cooked.nOn a 10inch plate, pour eggs into a 5inch diameter ring mold and fold the lobster mixture in. Mixture should be very soft. Garnish with toast and oyster cava cream.nIn a medium saucepot sweat the shallots and garlic until translucent. Add Cava and reduce to 1 cup. Add the heavy cream, and bring to a low boil. Reduce heat and simmer cream until nap stage thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Cool for about 5 minutes. Puree cream in a blender and pass through a chinois. Season with kosher salt, to taste. Store cream refrigerated in a sealed plastic container for up to 3 days.nJust before serving, reheat cream in a small sauce pot, adding additional heavy cream to return sauce to nap stage. Add shucked oysters, including oyster liquor, and gently poach oysters in cream. Add chives and reseason with kosher salt, to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salted butter, 1 shallot, minced, 8 ounces lobster meat tail, knuckles and claws, poached and roughly chopped, 14 cup green asparagus, blanched and sliced on a bias, 4 large eggs, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons minced chives, Kosher salt, Black pepper, 8 ounces Oyster Cava cream, recipe follows, 8 French baguette slices, toasted, 5 shallots, minced, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 cups Cava, 1 quart heavy cream, 2 tablespoons minced chives, Kosher salt, 4 Raspberry Point oysters, shucked with liquor saved], title: Lobster and Asparagus Soft Cooked Eggs with Oyster Cava Cream Revuelto de Langosta, picturelink: null}, 14597: {instructions: Combine lentils, bay leaf, garlic, basil, and thyme in a saucepan. Add 2 12 cups water and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Cover, reduce the heat, and simmer until the lentils are cooked, 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from the heat, and discard the bay leaf.nTear the tofu into 12inch pieces. Mix it into the hot lentils. Add the tomatoes, onion, corn, and mint, along with the vinegar, lemon juice, and oil. Mix to combine and season to taste with salt and pepper.nServe at room temperature. The salad will keep for up to 2 days, covered and refrigerated., ingredients: [34 cup green lentils, 1 bay leaf, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 8 ounces firm tofu, frozen and defrosted see Cooks Note, 3 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 1 small red onion, chopped, 23 cup fresh, canned, or defrosted corn kernels, 12 cup chopped mint, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: French Lentil Salad, picturelink: null}, 14598: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the turkey in a bowl and drizzle in the soy sauce, sesame oil, rice vinegar and the hot chili oil. Stir to combine and give it a taste. If youd like a stronger flavor, add a little more of any of the ingredients.nNext, place the cellophane noodles in a large bowl. Cover them with boiling water and let them sit according to the package directions.nWhen they are tender but still have a nice bite, drain and set the noodles aside.nSoften the rice paper wrappers by placing them one by one into a bowl of warm water and taking them out when theyre soft but still hold together.nTo assemble each spring roll, lay a wrapper on a plate. Lay a small line of noodles in the center. Add a small amount of lettuce, turkey, alfalfa sprouts, a few carrot and cucumber strips, and top with a sprinkling of cilantro.nFold in the sides of the wrappers and roll it into a tight roll. Repeat to make the rest of the rolls.nFor the dipping sauce: Combine the cranberry sauce, soy sauce and a few dashed chile oil.nDip the rolls into the sauce and dig in Best if eaten within 1 hour of preparing., ingredients: [2 cups shredded leftover Thanksgiving turkey, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon rice vinegar, 12 teaspoon hot chile oil, 1 package cellophane noodles, Eight 8 12inch rice paper wrappers, 3 leaves greenleaf lettuce, torn into pieces, 12 cup alfalfa sprouts, 1 carrot, cut into julienne, 1 cucumber, cut into julienne, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 cup leftover cranberry sauce, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, Hot chile oil], title: Turkey Spring Rolls, picturelink: MAREtzhqte51sDtwpPoZ2uzTQ7d8cPW}, 14599: {instructions: HEAT panini grill.nCOMBINE olives and dressing.nFILL bread slices with cheese, turkey, tomatoes and olive mixture. Spread outside of sandwich with mayo.nGRILL 5 min. or until golden brown.nTake Along: If packing this sandwich as part of a school or office lunch, assemble sandwich as directed but spread the mayo on the inside of the sandwich and do not grill the sandwich. Place sandwich in airtight container and refrigerate until ready to pack in an insulated lunch bag before heading out the door.nUse Your Skillet: If you dont have a panini grill, cook sandwich in skillet on mediumhigh heat 3 min. on each side or until golden brown on both sides., ingredients: [1 Tbsp. chopped black olives, 1 tsp. KRAFT Tuscan House Italian Dressing and Marinade, 2 thin slices Italian bread, 1 KRAFT DELI DELUXE Process 3 Cheese Garlic  Herb Cheese Slice, 3 slices OSCAR MAYER Oven Roasted Turkey Breast, 2 thin slices tomato, 1 Tbsp. KRAFT Mayo with Olive Oil Reduced Fat Mayonnaise], title: Muffalletta Panini, picturelink: null}, 14600: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp in a single layer and season with 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes and a pinch of salt. Cook until just pink, about 2 minutes, then flip and cook until no longer translucent,1 to 2 more minutes. Transfer to a plate.nAdd the shallot to the skillet and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the wine and cook, scraping up any browned bits, until slightly reduced, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, half of the basil, the remaining 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes and 14 teaspoon salt cook until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the heavy cream and cook 1 more minute.nReturn the shrimp and any collected juices to the skillet. Stir in the pasta add enough of the reserved pasta cooking water to loosen the sauce. Season with salt. Top with the remaining basil.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces mezzi rigatoni or other short pasta, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 medium shallot or 12 small red onion, minced, 14 cup white wine or lowsodium chicken broth, 1 15ounce can nosaltadded diced tomatoes, 12 cup torn fresh basil, 2 tablespoons heavy cream], title: Rigatoni with Spicy Shrimp, picturelink: DFyyg1hVMJ2APJS1fmgK3LDVPW2GynC}, 14601: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Coat 11 by 7 by 2inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray and set aside. Sauce: Melt butter in medium heavy skillet over moderate heat. Add garlic, red pepper, and cumin and stirfry 1 minute. Blend in flour, add broth and milk, and cook, stirring constantly, until thickened and smooth  about 3 minutes. Stir in sour cream, salt, and black pepper to taste set aside. Filling: Melt butter in large heavy skillet, over moderate heat. Add onion, green pepper, green chilies, mushrooms, tomatoes, and pimiento, and cook, stirring often, until vegetables soften and flavors meld10 to 15 minutes. Tortillas: Pour oil to depth of 12 inch in small heavy skillet, set over moderate heat, and heat until ripples appear on skillet bottom. Holding tortillas by tongs, dip one by one into oil just long enough to soften, 5 to 10 seconds. Drain on paper towels.nTo Layer: Arrange half of tortillas in bottom of prepared baking dish, then build up layers this way, distributing each evenly: 12 chicken and 13 sauce 12 each filling, cheese, olives, and scallions, and 12 remaining tortillas, chicken, filling, cheese, olives, scallions, and finally, remaining sauce. Bake, uncovered, until bubbly about 30 to 35 minutes. Serve at once., ingredients: [2 tablespoon butter, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 14 teaspoon ground hot red pepper, 18 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons flour, 34 cup chicken broth, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 small yellow onion, peeled and chopped, 12 medium green bell peeper, cored, seeded, and chopped, 14 cup chopped roasted green chilies, 6 ounces mushrooms, wiped clean and finely chopped, 12 cup canned crushed tomatoes, 2 tablespoons minced pimiento, Vegetable oil for frying, 8 corn tortillas, 3 cups diced cooked chicken, 112 cups coarsely shredded mild cheddar cheese, 14 cup sliced pimientostuffed olives, 14 cup thinly sliced scallions], title: King Ranch Chicken, picturelink: null}, 14602: {instructions: Thirty minutes before grilling the steaks, remove them from the refrigerator and allow them to come to room temperature. Heat a grill with coals.nWhen the coals are hot, spread them out in the grill in one solid layer. Pat the steaks dry on both sides with paper towels and brush each side lightly with olive oil. Sprinkle them liberally with salt and pepper. Place the steaks on the hot grill and sear them on each side for 2 minutes, until browned. Place the lid on the grill and allow the steaks to cook for another 3 to 4 minutes, until they are cooked rare, or 120 degrees on a meat thermometer. To test the steaks, insert the thermometer sideways to be sure youre actually testing the middle of the steak. Remove the steaks from the grill, place them in one layer on a platter, and cover tightly with aluminum foil. Allow the steaks to rest at room temperature for 15 minutes. Slice and serve warm with the Stilton Sauce.nPlace the Stilton in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade and blend until finely minced. Add the cream cheese, mayonnaise, sour cream, scallions, salt, pepper, and Worcestershire sauce. Process until smooth. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [4 1 14inch thick boneless rib eye steaks, Good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Stilton Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup good mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 4 ounces Stilton cheese, crumbled, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon chopped scallions, white and green parts, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Steaks and Stilton Sauce, picturelink: bvtCpYtZWwalFJU07tAToNUrYirpie}, 14603: {instructions: In a steamer set over boiling water steam the potatoes, covered, for 10 minutes, or until they are just tender. In a bowl toss the potatoes gently with the parsley, the mint, the chives, the butter, and the salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 12 pounds small boiling potatoes, quartered, 2 tablespoon fresh parsley leaves, minced, 2 tablespoon fresh mint leaves, minced, 2 tablespoon fresh chives, snipped, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Herbed New Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 14604: {instructions: Prepare the ham: Combine 3 gallons hot water, the salt, brown sugar, juniper berries, peppercorns, ginger and bay leaves in a large nonreactive container or pot and stir until the salt and sugar dissolve. Let the brine cool. Meanwhile, stand the ham, cutside down, on a cutting board and score the skin with a sharp knife in a crosshatch pattern. Place the ham in the brine, cover and refrigerate at least 24 hours or up to 2 days.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Remove the ham from the brine and dry completely. Strain the brine, reserving the spices. Press some of the juniper berries and peppercorns onto the flat cut side of the ham. Scatter the bay leaves in a large roasting pan and place a rack in the pan. Stand the ham, cutside down, on the rack and roast 1 hour. Reduce the oven temperature to 325 and roast 2 more hours.nMake the glaze: Whisk the peach preserves, brown sugar, mustard, vinegar, ginger, and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl. Brush the ham with half of the glaze continue roasting until deep golden, about 1 more hour. Brush the ham with the remaining glaze, turn it on its side and roast until a thermometer inserted into the center registers 155 and the skin is crisp, 30 to 45 more minutes. Transfer to a cutting board, tent with foil and let rest 20 minutes before carving.nSkim the fat from the roasting pan juices and discard the bay leaves. Stir to make a sauce. Carve the ham and serve with the sauce.nPhotograph by Roland Bello, ingredients: [2 12 cups kosher salt, 2 12 cups packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons juniper berries, crushed, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, crushed, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled and thinly sliced, 4 bay leaves, 1 8to10pound skinon, bonein fresh ham, shank end keep cold, 1 cup peach preserves, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons raspberry vinegar, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: GingerPeach Glazed Ham, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 14605: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nTo make the pesto: Place all the ingredients in a food processor and process until mixture turns into a smooth paste. Set aside.nTo make the filling: In a saute pan over medium heat, add oil and then the sausage. Saute the sausage, breaking it up with a spoon, until it cooks through and it turns golden brown. Cool slightly and drain the fat. Set sausage aside in a bowl. Keep mozzarella and Asiago cheese on standby.nTo make the topping: Heat a large saute pan with oil, add the peppers, onion, granulated garlic and Italian seasoning. Cook until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes and mushrooms and cook another 5 minutes. Dont overcook the tomatoes. They should retain their shape. Set aside.nTo make the biscuit dough: In a large bowl, mix together the flour, baking powder and salt. Add the butter and with your fingertips or with a pastry blender blend together until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir in milk, using a fork, until the dough comes together. Sprinkle flour on a clean work surface, remove the dough from the bowl and knead several times on the floured surface. Add small amounts of flour, as needed, so that dough will be easy to roll out. Roll the dough out to roughly 15inches in diameter.nTo assemble: Sprinkle the top of the dough evenly with the sausage and top with the mozzarella and Asiago. Roll the dough into a log. Cut the ends off to create even edges then cut the log into 7 or 8 pieces, depending on the length of the roll. Place slices on a baking sheet and press the tops down. Put the ends on the baking sheet and press those tops down. Bake 20 to 30 minutes until biscuits turn golden. Transfer the rolls to a serving platter. Serve topped with the sauteed vegetables and sprinkled with remaining cheese.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 small bunch fresh basil about 2 cups packed, 12 cup cashews, 4 garlic cloves, 12 cup grated Asiago, Fresh lemon juice, to taste, Salt, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 pounds country sausage, 2 cups shredded mozzarella, 2 cups grated Asiago, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 red pepper, diced, 1 green pepper, diced, 12 onion, diced, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 6 Roma tomatoes, diced, 10 button mushrooms, sliced, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 1 cup grated Asiago, 5 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for surface and kneading, 3 tablespoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick cold butter, cubed, 2 cups milk, 1 stick butter, softened], title: Savory Meat Roll, picturelink: null}, 14606: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHalve and pit the avocados. With a tablespoon, scoop out the flesh into a mixing bowl. Mash the avocados using either a fork or potato masher, leaving them still a bit chunky. Add the remaining ingredients, and fold everything together. Drizzle with a little olive oil, adjust seasoning with salt and pepper and give it 1 final mix with a fork.nLay a piece of plastic wrap tight on the surface of the guacamole so it doesnt brown and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [6 ripe avocados, 3 limes, juiced, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 1 garlic clove, smashed then minced, 2 serrano chiles, cut into rounds, 1 big handful fresh cilantro with stems, about 12 cup, finely chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Guacamole, picturelink: EJRbiNDtseHxFZwDwzh0QgWZO8QaPO}, 14607: {instructions: Heat the EVOO in a Dutch oven or other large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the salami and cook until the fat is rendered. Add the ground lamb and cook, crumbling with a wooden spoon, until browned. Season with a little salt and more pepper. Add the garlic, rosemary, bay leaf, carrots and onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Deglaze with 1 cup wine, stirring and scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon. Add the stock and tomatoes, breaking up the tomatoes with the spoon, and simmer until thickened, 30 minutes.nBring the remaining 1 bottle wine and 2 cups water to a boil in a pot. Add the pasta and cook until al dente. Reserve about 1 cup starchy cooking liquid and drain the pasta. Toss the pasta with the sauce and enough of the reserved cooking liquid to bring the dish together. Divide among shallow bowls and top with the basil and lots of pecorino.nCooks Note: The sauce can be covered and refrigerated for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat, partially covered. Remove the bay leaf before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons EVOO, 5 ounces Calabrese salami or goodquality pepperoni, casing removed, grated with a box grater, 1 pound ground lamb or beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped, A couple sprigs fresh rosemary, very finely chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 carrot, grated, 1 medium onion, very finely chopped, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 bottle plus 1 cup dry red wine save the rest for dinner, 1 cup chicken stock, One 28to32ounce can whole peeled San Marzano tomatoes, 1 pound spaghetti, A few fresh basil leaves, torn, Grated pecorino, for serving], title: Drunken Spaghetti with Hot Salami Meat Sauce, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 14608: {instructions: Run your fingers over the salmon and, with tweezers, remove any stray bones. Combine the lemon juice and olive oil and rub this into the salmon and season the fillets lightly with salt and pepper. Dip the salmon in the potato flakes, patting them down to make sure they stick.nHeat the butter and oil in a non stick skillet. Saute the salmon for 2 minutes a side or until golden the insides should be a trace underdone. Serve with lemon wedges over endive salad or with buttered cucumbers in tarragon.nAn alternative way to cook these is to preheat the oven to 500 degrees. Coat with cooking spray a wire rack set over a baking pan. Set the fillets on the prepared rack and bake for 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 skinless salmon fillets, each about 6 to 8 ounces, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup of instant potato mashed potato buds or flakes, 1 tablespoon each olive oil and butter], title: Salmon Fillets in Potato Crust, picturelink: null}, 14609: {instructions: Heat oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add wine and cookpeole are s until reduced by 34. Add the curry paste and cook for 2 minutes. Add the clam stock and corn husks and cook until reduced by 12. Strain the sauce into a clean medium saucepan and bring to a simmer. Add the cream and corn and cook to a sauce consistency. Season with salt and pepper, to taste and add the cilantro.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl and let sit for 30 minutes before serving.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Preheat a large ovenproof skillet over high heat. Brush monkfish with olive oil and season with ancho chile powder and salt. Sear on both sides until golden brown. Transfer to the oven and continue cooking for 8 to10 minutes, until just cooked through. Ladle the sauce onto a platter, slice the fish into 34inch thick slice, drizzle with more of the sauce and top with the corn relish and chopped cilantro., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large red onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons green curry paste, 4 cups clam stock, 2 corn husks, chopped, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup roasted corn kernels, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Chopped fresh cilantro, 1 cup roasted corn kernels, 3 tablespoons finely chopped red onion, 1 ancho chile, seared in a hot pan until pliable, seeds removed and finely diced, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 1 pound monkfish tails, Olive oil, Ancho chile powder, Salt], title: Ancho Dusted Pan Seared Monkfish with Green CurryRoasted Corn Sauce and Roasted Corn Relish, picturelink: null}, 14610: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 up glassnFor the Scotch: Cut the pepper in half and add it to a jar with the Scotch, infusing for 5 to 10 minutes. Remove the pepper dont touch your eyes when handling the peppers, lest you end up like us, typing with one eye swollen, on fire with pepper oil. Trust us, this gets hot.nFor the cocktail: In a shaker with ice, add 4 ounces infused Scotch, lemon juice, marmalade and bitters, and shake vigorously. Strain into an up glass. Garnish with the tiniest slice of pepper. Sip slowly and keep a fire extinguisher on hand., ingredients: [1 Scotch bonnet or habanero pepper, 16 ounces Scotch, such as Famous Grouse, 1 12 ounces fresh lemon juice, 1 ounce orange marmalade, Dash orange bitters, 2 thin slices Scotch bonnet pepper, for garnish, Ice], title: Scotch Bonnet Marmalade Cocktail, picturelink: 47OU6SQLbZQ6aDOiFQ81oJonoFUJvGq}, 14611: {instructions: Line cookie sheet with foil or waxed paper. Place cereal in large bowl.nIn small microwavable bowl, microwave white vanilla baking chips uncovered on High about 1 minute 30 seconds, stirring every 30 seconds, until chips can be stirred smooth. Stir in half the crushed peppermint candy.nPour over cereal mixture toss to evenly coat. Spread mixture in single layer on cookie sheet. Immediately sprinkle with remaining candy. Let stand until set, about 20 minutes. Gently break up coated cereal. Store in airtight container., ingredients: [6 cups Rice Chexu00ae or Chocolate Chexu00ae cereal, 1 bag 12 oz white vanilla baking chips 2 cups, 13 cup coarsely crushed peppermint candy canes 14 miniature, unwrapped], title: Reindeer Feed, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 14612: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large saucepan over mediumlow heat, and saute the onions and garlic for 5 to 7 minutes, until the onions are translucent but not browned. Add the chili powder, ground cumin and red pepper flakes and continue cooking for 1 minute. Add the zest and ginger and cook for an additional minute. Add the vinegar, tomato paste, honey, mustard, soy sauce and orange juice and simmer uncovered on low heat for 15 minutes, until thick.nMarinate the ribs in 23 of the barbecue sauce for a few hours or overnight in the refrigerator.nPrepare a grill with a single layer of hot coals and then add a few more coals 5 minutes before cooking, which will keep the fire going longer. Place the ribs on the grill and cook for about 25 to 30 minutes, turning once or twice to cook evenly on both sides. Brush with the marinade as needed.nServe with extra barbecue sauce on the side., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 1 small red onion, diced 1 cup, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 1 tablespoon finely grated ginger, 13 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup tomato paste, 12 cup honey, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 13 cup soy sauce, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 4 racks country ribs 8 to 10 pounds], title: Barbecued Ribs, picturelink: NHPV6mIhVe1nuSUksxbR01.EvUDd4fK}, 14613: {instructions: HEAT oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic, onion, bell pepper and carrots. Saute about 2 minutes, stirring often.nADD the pork, paprika, sugar, cumin and cayenne pepper. Add salt and pepper to taste. Brown pork on all sides.nPOUR in chicken stock, scraping the bottom and sides of pan to deglaze it. Add peanut butter bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, about 1520 minutes until the pork is tender.nSEASON with additional salt and pepper, if desired. Serve over rice, topped with sliced green onions and chopped peanuts., ingredients: [2 tbsps. Criscou00ae Pure Canola Oil, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 cups chopped onion, 1 cup chopped red bell pepper, 1 cup shredded carrots, 1 12 lbs. pork tenderloin, cut into 12 inch cubes, 12 tbsp. paprika, 12 tbsp. sugar, 12 tsp. ground cumin, 14 tsp. cayenne pepper, or to taste, Salt and pepper, 4 cups chicken broth, 1 cup Jifu00ae Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter, Hot cooked rice, 12 cup dry roasted peanuts, chopped, Thinly sliced green onions], title: South American Peanut Pork, picturelink: hQS3H1.WiUWPdSj8vUgKFX0maLp0fFm}, 14614: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTrim 2 inches off the ends of the broccolini stems and cut any thick stalks in half lengthwise. Place the broccolini in a single layer on two sheet pans. If you put them on one sheet pan, the broccolini will steam rather than roast. Drizzle each sheet pan with 2 tablespoons olive oil, sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper, and toss well. Roast for 15 minutes, until the broccolini is crisptender. Sprinkle lightly with salt and serve hot., ingredients: [3 bunches broccolini, Good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Broccolini, picturelink: lnqf3vb7bnfqn.Wztv10AXhgPvHnj6}, 14615: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a large bowl add the bread crumbs, horseradish and fresh herbs. Mix well youre your hands so all the natural oils are released into the bread crumbs. Spread the mustard evenly over the whole prime rib, then top with the bread crumb mixture. Liberally spray the prime rib with food spray. Put the prime rib into a roasting pan and roast until the internal temperature on an instantread thermometer registers 115 degrees F. Remove the pan from the oven and set aside Transfer the meat to a cutting board and let rest for 20 minutes.nCooks Note: The beef will continue to cook while resting. It will be mediumrare. If you like it more done, leave it longer in the oven.nFor the sauce:nPour the oil into a large skillet, over mediumhigh heat. Add the diced onion and cook until translucent, approximately 3 minutes. Stir in the green peppercorns, then remove the pan from the heat and add the brandy. Return the pan to the heat and allow the alcohol to burn off. Add the beef stock and reduce the liquid by half its volume. Stir in the heavy cream and the chopped parsley. Continue to cook for another 5 minutes. Season with salt, if needed, and transfer to a serving bowl.nSlice the prime rib and arrange on a platter. Serve the sauce on the side and enjoy., ingredients: [2 cups panko bread crumbs, 14 cup prepared horseradish, 12 cup freshly chopped chives, 4 teaspoons freshly chopped tarragon leaves, 4 teaspoons freshly chopped rosemary leaves, 1 cup stoneground mustard, 1 10pound whole prime rib, boneless, Cooking spray, butter or oil, 14 cup canola oil, 1 white onion, finely diced, 1 3 to 4ounce can green peppercorns, drained, 1 cup brandy, 2 cups beef stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, Salt], title: Horseradish Crusted Prime Rib with Peppercorn Sauce, picturelink: null}, 14616: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Sprinkle the fish evenly with the salt. Place in the pan skinside down and cook translucent. Flip, add the butter and let brown. Add the shallots, tomatoes and red onions. Saute until the shallots are translucent and the tomatoes are blistered. Baste the fish with the juices and butter and remove from the pan. Place the fish on a plate and spoon the onion and tomato over and around the fish., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, Two 3ounce fillets pompano, skin on and pin bones removed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons whole unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons chopped shallots, 12 baby heirloom tomatoes, halved, 12 red onion, julienned], title: Pompano with Red Onion and Tomato, picturelink: null}, 14617: {instructions: Whisk the vinegar, mustard and a pinch each of salt and pepper in a large bowl. Gradually whisk in 1 tablespoon olive oil until smooth.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the ham and cook until browned, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove each piece to a plate. Reduce the heat to medium low. Working in batches, crack the eggs into the skillet and cook, without flipping, until the whites are set but the yolks are still runny, 4 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Divide among the plates.nAdd the bell pepper, mesclun greens and chives to the bowl with the vinaigrette and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Add the salad to the plates. Serve with the baguette.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [2 teaspoons white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 7ounce boneless ham steaks, halved and patted dry, 8 large eggs, 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 5ounce package mesclun greens about 8 cups, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 1 small baguette, halved, split and toasted], title: Ham and Eggs with Greens, picturelink: Q1PXa37dZ2au7uigXnqX9f8KEGssbJC}, 14618: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a large saute pan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the apples and saute until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Add the brown sugar, cinnamon and salt and toss. Continue cooking the apples, stirring occasionally, until the apples break down easily when pressed with a fork, an additional 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and mash them with a fork while they are still warm, it should look like a chunky applesauce. Allow the apples to cool to room temperature. Once cooled, fold 14 cup of the Almond Pastry Cream into the cooled apples and set aside.nOn a floured work surface, lay out the puff pastry sheets. Using a large 4 12inch circular biscuit cutter or cookie cutter cut 4 large circles per sheet, 8 all together.nOn the bottom half of each of the rounds, spoon 2 heaping tablespoons of the apple mixture. Brush the edges of each circle with some egg wash. Fold the pastry dough over the filling, seal the edges with your fingers and then crimp them with the tines of a fork. Repeat with remaining pastry dough and filling. When all the pies are assembled, vent each one with 2 small slits, using a paring knife, on the top of each pie. Brush each one with the remaining egg wash and sprinkle with turbinado sugar. Transfer the empanadas to the prepared baking sheet.nBake the pies until they have puffed and are golden brown, about 20 minutes. When the pies come out of the oven, spoon more of the Almond Pastry Cream over them and serve.nIn a large, heavybottomed saucepan, combine the whole milk, sugar, almond paste and salt. Whisk over medium heat and bring to a simmer.nIn a small mixing bowl, combine the egg yolks and cornstarch. Whisk until combined and the mixture is creamy and thick. Remove the milk mixture from the heat and slowly add 14 cup of the milk liquid to the eggs, whisking constantly. Add the nowtempered egg mixture back into the saucepan with the rest of the milk and return the milk to a simmer for 3 minutes, whisking constantly, until thickened.nRemove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, whisking until it is fully incorporated. If desired, strain the pastry cream through a sieve. Pour the mixture into a bowl to cool. Place plastic wrap directly on the surface to prevent a skin from forming. Allow the cream to cool completely in the refrigerator until cold and set, at least 2 hours., ingredients: [1 large egg, beaten, 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 large Granny Smith apples, cored, peeled and cut into 1inch dice, Turbinado sugar, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch salt, Bench flour, for dusting, Almond Pastry Cream, at room temperature, recipe follows, 1 box frozen puff pastry, thawed according to package directions, 1 12 cups whole milk, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons almond paste, Pinch salt, 4 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Apple Empanadas with Almond Pastry Cream, picturelink: bJAjGzYkEQAFhWENRnVvc3L15s1zEa}, 14619: {instructions: Slice a loaf of Italian bread, stopping short of the bottom so the loaf stays intact. Melt 4 tablespoons butter with 1 tablespoon olive oil add 2 to 3 minced garlic cloves and 12 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Stir in 2 tablespoons chopped parsley. Spread the garlic mixture between the bread slices wrap in foil and bake at 375 degrees F, 15 minutes. Unwrap and bake until crisp, 5 more minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Herbed Garlic Bread, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 14620: {instructions: If any of your carrots, parsnips or turnips are particularly big, chop them in 12. You can parboil the carrots, fennel, parsnips, and baby turnips togethereverything except the beets, as theyll turn everything else red The beets also take quite a bit longer to cook, around 20 to 25 minutes. Put the rest of the vegetables into a large pot, cover with cold water and season well. Bring to the boil and cook for about 6 to 7 minutes until youve got partcooked, softened bendy vegetables, and then drain in a colander and leave to steam dry. Get yourself a small tray, and use it to mix up each set of vegetables with their own gorgeous flavours, a few good lugs of oil and a good pinch of salt and pepper. Toss the carrots, clementines and rosemary together first and move them to a larger roasting tray so theyre all together. Then mix your fennel with its flavours and do the same... When you get to the parsnips, keep the honey back for later. Make sure each vegetable group is separate in the roasting tray. Cover the tray with tin foil and keep in the refrigerator or the garage until your turkey is out of the oven and resting. When you are ready to cook them, preheat your oven to 375 degrees F 190 degrees C Gas 5. Roast the vegetables in the hot oven for 50 minutes to 1 hour until they are golden, crispy and beautiful looking. Five minutes before they are ready to come out of the oven take the tray out, drizzle the honey over the parsnips and jiggle the tray so they are nicely coated. Pile all the vegetables up on a platter so they sprawl and hang all over the place. That platter is like winter in a nutshell, and every single mouthful will taste different and exciting  youll definitely want to keep it close to you at the table., ingredients: [Olive oil, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 18 ounces 500 g carrots, peeled, Juice of 1 clementine, squeezed halves reserved, Couple sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves picked, 2 bulbs fennel, peeled and quartered, A few sprigs of fresh thyme, leaves picked, Juice of 12 lemon, 14 ounces 400 g parsnips, peeled, A lug of white wine vinegar, Couple sprigs fresh sage, leaves picked and torn, A small teaspoon honey, 12 12 ounces 350 g beets, larger ones cut into chunks, A couple of good lugs of balsamic vinegar, A few sprigs fresh oregano or marjoram if you can get it, 12 12 ounces 350 g baby turnips, A couple of good lugs red wine vinegar, 5 fresh bay leaves], title: Roast Vegetable Mega Mix, picturelink: null}, 14621: {instructions: Begin by blanching cactus pads in salted boiling water until tender, for about 5 minutes then shock in ice water.nJulienne cactus pads into strips lengthwise. In a small salad bowl, mix in the green onion, tomato, cilantro, jalapeno, and cactus pads.nIn separate bowl mix garlic, oil and lime juice. Add all the other ingredients and season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 fresh cactus pads, or 1 pint jar cactus shoots, 12 cup green onion, chopped, 1 cup tomato, chopped, 14 cup cilantro leaves, chopped, 1 fresh green jalapeno, stems and ribs removed and chopped, 1 garlic clove, mashed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice], title: Ensalada de Napalitos: Cactus Shoot Salad, picturelink: null}, 14622: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F with 1 rack in top third and 1 rack in bottom third of oven. Line baking sheets with parchment paper or nonstick baking mat set aside.nPlump dried cherries cover with boiling water and let stand 5 minutes. Drain and set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine butter and sugars. Beat on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Scrape down sides of the bowl. Add egg and vanilla extract and beat to combine. Beat in flour, baking soda, and salt. Mix in cherries, white and milk chocolate, and pecans. Batter should be stiff.nUse a large 2 12ounce or small 1 14ounce icecream scoop to form balls of the dough. Place the balls of dough about 4 inches apart on the baking sheets. Bake until golden and just set, rotating the sheets between the oven racks halfway through baking to ensure even browning, about 15 minutes for large cookies and 12 minutes for small cookies. Transfer the sheets to a wire rack to cool about 5 minutes before transferring the cookies to the rack. Store in an airtight container up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 cup dried cherries, 1 cup water, boiling, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup coarsely chopped white chocolate, 12 cup coarsely chopped milk chocolate, 12 cup coarsely chopped pecans], title: Chewy Cherry Chunk Cookies, picturelink: null}, 14623: {instructions: Bring wine to a boil in a large stockpot. Add the mussels, stir, cover, and cook until the mussels have opened. Remove the mussels to a sheet pan with a slotted spoon, discarding any mussels that do not open. Remove the mussels from the shell and place in a bowl.nPlace 2 cups of the rice flour into a large bowl and add enough water until it becomes a light batter, about the consistency of crepe batter. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat oil in a highsided saute pan until it reaches a temperature of 360 degrees F. Season the mussels with salt and pepper, dip the mussels into the batter, and then fry until lightly golden brown, about 30 to 45 seconds. Drain the mussels on a sheet pan lined with paper towels. Add mussels to the large bowl with sauce and toss to coat. Garnish with chopped scallion.nPlace vinegar, mustard, garlic, honey, almonds, and scallions in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until emulsified and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the vinaigrette to a large bowl that will hold all the mussels., ingredients: [2 cups dry white wine, 1 12 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded, Rice flour, Water, Salt and pepper, 2 cups canola oil, AlmondScallion Sauce, recipe follows, Chopped scallions, for garnish, 14 cup aged sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 tablespoons sliced almonds, toasted, 14 cup sliced scallions, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Crispy Mussels with Almond and Scallion Sauce, picturelink: null}, 14624: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nHeat oil in a large skillet over high heat. Place all 4 filets in the skillet and cook until your desired degree of doneness, turning once the filets should have a dark brown, wellseared exterior. If the filets are wellseared but not cooked to your desired degree of doneness, then transfer the filets to the oven and cook until desired degree of doneness.nIn the same skillet the filets were browned in, add the whiskey, shallots, thyme and cracked pepper be careful as the whiskey will flame for 30 to 60 seconds. Reduce by half over high heat. Add the veal glaze, heavy cream, Dijon mustard, and Worcestershire sauce and reduce by half. Remove from the heat and add butter, mixing well to incorporate. Season with salt, to taste. Ladle the sauce over the steak, and serve.nCooks Note: This sauce can be made without deglazing the pan to accommodate grilled steaks. Simply skip the first step of searing the steaks in the pan., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 6ounce filet mignons, 4 ounces 12 cup whiskey, 1 teaspoon minced shallots, 14 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 4 ounces 12 cup veal glaze, 2 ounces 14 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon salted butter, Salt], title: Hereford House Whiskey Steak, picturelink: null}, 14625: {instructions: Put peaches in a small food processor or blender, and pulse until pureed. Evenly distribute the peach puree among 8 champagne flutes, about 1 tablespoon per glass.nPlace two raspberries in each glass and top with sparkling white wine. Enjoy, ingredients: [Half of a 15ounce can about 1 cup sliced peaches in juice, drained, 16 fresh raspberries, 1 750ml. bottle sparkling white wine, chilled], title: Bella Bella Bellini, picturelink: y5Znbi6aUgDqmWjPr36spnh0YJW1PCu}, 14626: {instructions: You will need enough tomato water to fill your martini glasses, so measure their capacity, probably something between 5 and 9 ounces. Chill the martini glasses in the freezer, if there is room, or refrigerate 1 hour ahead of serving. A freezer gives a heavy frost.nPlace 1 slice of green tomato in each glass. Halve or quarter the bocconcini if they are larger than 1 inch in diameter. Thread a bocconccini, and a cherry tomato onto each of 4 wooden skewers 4 to 5 inches long. Season with salt and pepper and drizzle with basil oil, if desired. Working quickly, divide the tomato liquid among the chilled martini glasses. Balance the skewers on top of the glasses, then take a leaf of basil per glass, and rub it around the glass rim, before placing on top of each glass, near skewer. Serve immediately.nCooks Note: It is impossible to give a specific amount for the tomatoes because how much water a tomato releases depends on many factors, including the growing season and the variety. Do not let the tomato pulp go to waste. Use this recipe as an excuse to start your quick tomato sauce season. You can freeze or can your sauce and then have it on hand for quick meals.nBring 2 large pots of water to a boil. Lower the tomatoes into the water, blanch for 45 seconds to 1 minute. Place blanched tomatoes on a baking sheet, and peel the loosened skins. With a colander over a bowl, squeeze the seeds and innards out of each tomato. Set aside and refrigerate the clear strained liquid for other uses. Slice the peeled tomatoes into 1inch chunks, and place chunks into blender. Puree thoroughly. Pour into bowl.nYield: 10 to 12 cups, ingredients: [3 cups clear tomato water, set aside from Tomato Puree, recipe follows, refrigerated, 1 green zebra tomato, thinly sliced, 4 fresh mozzarella boccacini, each 1inch in diameter, 4 cherry tomatoes, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 large fresh basil leaves, Basil oil, optional, 20 tomatoes, core removed], title: Mozzarella Martini with Fresh Tomato Consomme, picturelink: null}, 14627: {instructions: Using a blender, combine all of the pesto ingredients and blend until roughly chopped, but do not pureed.nSlice the polenta into 14inch thick slices. Using a circular cutter, cut out 16 rounds.nCoat a nonstick pan with olive oil and put over mediumlow heat. Add the polenta rounds and sear them until crispy.nHeat another nonstick pan, coated with olive oil over medium heat and add the scallops. Sear them on each side until they have a nice brown caramelization. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the polenta rounds on a platter and top each with a scallop. Garnish with pesto and serve., ingredients: [1 can artichoke hearts, packed in water, drained, 13 cup sundried tomatoes, rehydrated or packed in oil, 1 garlic clove, 14 cup pine nuts, Splash olive oil, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 16ounce prepared polenta tube, Extravirgin olive oil, 16 small scallops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pan Seared Scallop Polenta Rounds with a SunDried Tomato Artichoke Pesto, picturelink: null}, 14628: {instructions: Heat the grill to high or heat a grill pan over high heat.nToss prawns in the oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 2 minutes on each side or until just cooked through. Remove from the grill and immediately drizzle with the vinaigrette. Serve 5 prawns per person and garnish with thyme sprigs.nHabaneroToasted Garlic Vinaigrette:nHeat grill. Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a small saute pan over medium heat on the grates of the grill add the garlic, season with salt and cook until golden brown on both sides.nTransfer garlic to a blender and add the vinegar, habanero, and honey and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the 12 cup oil and blend until emulsified., ingredients: [20 prawns, shells on, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, HabaneroToasted Garlic Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Thyme sprigs, for garnish, 1 tablespoon canola oil, plus 12 cup, 6 whole cloves garlic, peeled, Salt, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 to 1 12 habanero chiles, seeded and chopped, 2 teaspoons honey], title: Grilled Prawns with HabaneroToasted Garlic Vinaigrette, picturelink: isURoq7ymL5Gd5TimLp1vVug5Mw9CC}, 14629: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSpread the nuts out on a large baking sheet. Bake until the nuts are lightly toasted, about 8 to 10 minutes.nIn the meantime, melt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Add the remaining ingredients and stir to combine. Transfer the nuts to a serving bowl. Pour in the butter and toss to coat evenly. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [4 cups unsalted mixed nuts such as almonds, walnuts, cashews, peanuts, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons brown sugar], title: Spiced Nuts, picturelink: null}, 14630: {instructions: For the ranch dressing: In a medium bowl, whisk together all the mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon juice, honey, garlic and scallions. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nFor the toppings: Heat a pan over medium heat. When warm, add the bacon and cook until slightly crispy, about 5 minutes. Remove from the pan and set aside on paper towels to drain some of the excess oil. In the same pan, add the slices of onion and cook until caramelized, about 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the patties: Combine the beef, veal, onions, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup ranch dressing, capers, and chile flakes in a large bowl and mix well with your hands until blended thoroughly. Form into palmshaped patties. Place 2 to 3 pieces of cubed cheese in the center of every patty and form the meat around the cubes so that they are entirely covered and in the center of each patty.nIn a large pan, heat the vegetable oil over high heat. Sear both sides of the patties until brown, about 2 minutes per side. Top with the slices of cheese. Continue cooking in the oven until the cheese melts from the center of the patty, about 10 minutes. To serve: Place the patties on the warmed buns and assemble with desired toppings., ingredients: [13 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup sour cream, Juice of 12 a lemon, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 small clove garlic, very finely chopped, 1 scallion, minced, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 slices goodquality bacon, 2 large onions, sliced, 6 hamburger buns, warmed, 12 head iceberg lettuce, 1 tomato, sliced, Ranch dressing, relish, ketchup and mustard, to serve, 1 pound mediumfat ground beef, 1 pound ground veal, 1 small onion, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon capers, minced, 12 teaspoon chile flakes, 12 cup cubed raclette cheese plus 6 slices, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Chucks Super Burgers, picturelink: null}, 14631: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nLightly butter a 10inch tube pan, and line the bottom with parchment paper set aside.nCombine butter and cream cheese in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, and beat on medium speed until smooth. Add the sugar, increase the speed to high, and beat until light and airy, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating after each addition and scraping down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula as needed. Add the vanilla, then the flour and salt all at once. Beat just until incorporated.nPour the batter into the prepared pan, and shake lightly to even out the top. Bake until cake is golden brown and a cake tester inserted in the cake comes out clean, 1 hour 15 minutes.nPlace the pan on a cooling rack, and cool for 20 minutes. Remove cake from pan, and let cool completely. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for pan, 1 8ounce package cream cheese recommended: Philadelphia brand}, 3 cups sugar, 6 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Cream Cheese Pound Cake, picturelink: null}, 14632: {instructions: Place vegetables in a strainer. Rinse with cool water until water runs clear. Drain well. Squeeze out excess water and pat dry with paper towel. Combine grated vegetables with egg, flour , salt and pepper. Heat vegetable oil in large skillet over mediumheat. Working in batches and using 23 tablespoons of vegetable mixture per pancake drop mixture into skillet. Flatten slightly and cook until undersides are golden brown. Flip and brown on the other side. Serve with sour cream., ingredients: [1 Vidalia onion, grated, 1 large potato, grated, 1 small carrot, grated, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 to 4 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Sweet Vidalia Onion Latkes, picturelink: null}, 14633: {instructions: In a large skillet with deep sides, heat the olive oil over medium heat.nFirst, add the garlic and onion and cook, stirring often, until the onions are softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Next, add the zucchini, okra, and tomatoes. Stir until coated with the olive oil and garlic and cook for 5 minutes.nStir in the herbs and season with salt and pepper. Lower the heat and cook until the okra are tender, 6 to 8 minutes more., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 small onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 small zucchini, top trimmed off, cut crosswise into 14inch rounds, 12 okra pods, cut crosswise into 12 inch rounds, tops with stems discarded, 1 red tomato, diced, 1 stem fresh oregano, leaves removed and chopped, 2 stems fresh thyme, leaves removed and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Okra Ratatouille, picturelink: PlEpxGt4Z8H.CPK8zwFhZCMm85L3Ne}, 14634: {instructions: Use the heel of your hand to flatten chicken into more or less even 12inch thickness. Sprinkle both sides with herbes de Provence and season with salt and pepper. In a large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon oil. Add chicken and saute over medium to medium high heat until wellbrowned on both sides and almost cooked through, about 5 minutes. Remove to plate, leaving drippings in pan.nAdd remaining oil to pan. Add peppers and cook, stirring until they begin to soften and brown, about 3 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add wine, bring to a boil, and cook, stirring up any brown bits, for 30 seconds. Return chicken and any accumulated juices to pan, reduce heat to mediumlow, and simmer, partially covered, until chicken is cooked through, about 3 minutes. Add olives and heat through, about 1 minute., ingredients: [4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves, about 5 ounces each, 4 teaspoons dried mixed herbs de Provence, 4 tablespoons fruity olive oil, 6 cups mixedcolor bell pepper strips, 6 large garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 cup red or white wine, 23 cup pitted and halved meaty black olives such as Gaeta], title: Chicken Provencale with Bell Peppers and Olives, picturelink: null}, 14635: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine all ingredients except the piecrust in a saute pan. Saute for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and pour cobbler mixture into medium ramekins. For topping, put premade piecrust over cobbler and bake in the oven for 15 minutes., ingredients: [4 Bosc pears, cored, peeled, and cut in wedges, 1 14 cups brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 stick butter, 1 store bought piecrust], title: Pear Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 14636: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine a baking sheet with parchment or wax paper.nPlace the chocolate in a small bowl over a saucepan of barely simmering water. Stir occasionally until the chocolate is melted and smooth, about 4 minutes.nCombine the noodles, almonds, mango, cayenne pepper if using and melted chocolate in a large bowl. Stir until all the ingredients are coated with chocolate. Scoop the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet using a 14cup ice cream scoop and allow the cookies to harden at room temperature, about 2 hours. Store the cookies in an airtight container at room temperature.nCooks Note: Use scissors to cut the dried mango into pieces., ingredients: [One 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips, such as Ghirardelli, One 5ounce can crispy chow mein noodles about 2 12 cups, 34 cup salted and roasted almonds, coarsely chopped, 12 cup finely chopped dried mango, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, optional], title: Chocolate Chow Mein Noodle Cookies, picturelink: FzsqyqMqQj92crFLmYRbkN1rmDGXMy}, 14637: {instructions: In a large cast iron pan on medium heat, heat olive oil and add leeks, peppercorn, rosemary, thyme, and a pinch of salt. Cook for 5 minutes, until caramelized. Add water, zest and juice of one lemon and continue cooking for 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nServes: 6 Calories: 132 Total Fat: 5 grams Saturated Fat: 1 gram Protein: 2 grams Total carbohydrates: 21 grams Sugar: 6 grams Fiber: 3 grams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 138 milligrams, ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 10 leeks white part only cut in 2inch pieces, washed thoroughly, 10 peppercorns, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 cup water, Juice and zests of 1 lemon, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Sauteed Leeks, picturelink: null}, 14638: {instructions: Combine Champagne, peaches, salt, large sprigs of mint, and white pepper in a large saucepan or deep pot. Cook for 20 minutes over medium heat to infuse flavors. Remove from heat and remove large mint sprigs. Adjust salt and white pepper, if needed. Blend with an immersion blender and chill. Serve in demitasse cups garnished with 12 teaspoon creme fraiche and small mint sprigs., ingredients: [1 bottle dry Champagne, 6 large fresh peaches, peeled and sliced, 18 teaspoon salt, 4 large sprigs fresh mint, left intact but well washed and dried in a salad spinner or with paper toweling, White pepper, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, 12 small sprigs fresh mint, for garnish], title: Champagne Peach and Mint Soup, picturelink: m9qk9iwHAztWlHCnNe4k7Yvp8y4S18.}, 14639: {instructions: 1. In large nonstick skillet coated with cooking spray, cook bread over mediumhigh heat for 2 to 3 minutes or until lightly toasted, turning once. Remove from skillet. Set aside.n2. Add oil to same skillet. Brush oil over skillet bottom. Add onion. Cook, covered, over mediumlow heat for 15 to 18 minutes or until onion is very tender, stirring occasionally. Stir in garlic. Cook over medium heat, covered, for 4 to 6 minutes or until onion begins to brown, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat.n3. Meanwhile, cook veggie burger according to package directions.n3. Top one slice of toast with burger. Sprinkle with pepper. Add onion mixture, tomato, salad dressing and remaining toast.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9, 2010 Kellogg NA Co. Morningstar Farms Recipes are the property of the Kellogg Company.nThis recipe has been tested and endorsed by Kellogg and Morningstar Farmsu00ae., ingredients: [2 12inchthick slices French Bread about 2 oz. total, 12 teaspoon vegetable oil, 34 cup sliced sweet onion, 14 teaspoon bottled minced garlic, 1 Grillersu00ae Original, 18 teaspoon pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped tomato, 1 tablespoon fatfree ranch salad dressing], title: Texas Old West Burger, picturelink: 07hCnsKgi0RcEM3KnP8G5y6cQZ83diC}, 14640: {instructions: For the roasted garlic spread: Combine the oil and garlic in a small saucepot, turn the heat on to low and let sit until the garlic floats, about 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool.nRemove the garlic from the oil and place in a small bowl. Add 14 cup of the cooked olive oil and a pinch of salt to the bowl and mash with a fork until coarsely mixed. Reserve the remaining oil for other uses including griddling the Texas toast.nFor the ricotta: Combine the milk and buttermilk in a heavy saucepot, turn the heat on to mediumlow. Stirring very occasionally, check the temperature until the mixture reaches 180 degrees F. If you do not have a thermometer, watch for curds to begin forming, turn the heat to low and cook for another 5 minutes.nRemove the pot from the heat and let the mixture sit for 1 hour to let the curds fully develop. Do not stir the mixture during this time.nLine a colander or other large strainer with cheesecloth and set over a large bowl. Gently ladle or pour the mixture over the cheesecloth. Allow the whey to drain from the curds and collect in the bowl below. Whey can be saved for other uses, mostly anything buttermilk can be used for. After about 1 hour of draining, transfer the curds to a small bowl and season with salt. If a creamier consistency is preferred, a few tablespoons of cream can be added to the ricotta to loosen itnFor the Texas toast: Heat a heavy skillet or pan over mediumlow heat for a few minutes. Add 2 tablespoons of reserved roasted garlic olive oil to the skillet, then add a slice of bread. When the one side has reached a deep golden brown color, remove the slice from the skillet. Add 2 more tablespoons of oil to the skillet and proceed to griddle the other side of bread. When it has reached a deep golden brown, remove from the skillet and sprinkle with salt. Repeat with remaining slices.nSlice the tomatoes into thick slices and sprinkle with salt.nSmear the Texas toast with 2 tablespoons roasted garlic spread. Assemble tomato slices on top of a slice of toast 1 tomato per slice. Place several small dollops of ricotta on top of the tomatoes. Top with basil. Sprinkle with more salt and a twist of freshly ground black pepper. Eat., ingredients: [2 cups extravirgin olive oil, 10 cloves garlic, Kosher salt, 8 cups highquality whole milk, 2 cups cultured buttermilk preferably not lowfat, Kosher salt, Heavy cream, optional, 6 to 8 thick slices white bread or even better, buy a loaf of fresh, unsliced bread and slice it at home as thick as you like, Kosher or sea salt, 6 to 8 small tomatoes, Small fresh basil leaves, or large leaves cut in chiffonade, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Texas Tomato Toast with Roasted Garlic Spread and Homemade Ricotta, picturelink: L5dZbprrAdtyrL92kXPrEsyZ22unm8m}, 14641: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. 160 degrees C..nPlace the beans in a large saucepan with plenty of water and allow to simmer for 2 hours along with the peeled tomatoes, sage, rosemary, garlic, pepper and chili powder. Add salt once the beans are cooked.nGently wash the mushroom caps with running water, protecting them with your hands so as to prevent them absorbing too much of the water.nPlace the mushrooms on a sheet of aluminum foil on a baking tray. Slice the garlic and gently insert each piece into the mushroom caps. Sprinkle the chopped nipitella over the mushrooms and add salt, pepper and a generous dash of olive oil.nWrap the mushrooms in the aluminum foil, carefully ensuring all the edges are sealed and place on a baking tray in a shallow bath of water. This is now ready to be cooked bain marie style for 20 minutes.nOnce the mushrooms are cooked, assemble them onto a plate with two large tablespoons of the cooked beans and some small shavings of crusty bread. Drizzle with olive oil and serve the dish piping hot., ingredients: [8 ounces white beans, 2 tomatoes, peeled, 1 sprig sage, 1 sprig rosemary, 1 garlic clove, Freshly ground black pepper, Pinch chili powder, Salt, 8 porcini mushroom caps, 4 cloves garlic, 1 sprig nipitella this can be substituted with oregano or marjoram, Salt and pepper, 4 large tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Porcini Mushrooms With Beans Al Cartoccio, picturelink: null}, 14642: {instructions: Brown the bacon in a skillet. Remove and allow to cool, reserving the bacon fat. Add Worcestershire sauce to the bacon fat. Add the shallots and garlic to the bacon fat and saute until clear. Crumble the cooked bacon and add back into the skillet. Pour mixture into a metal bowl, and place in a corner of the grill to keep hot.nPlace oysters in the shell on a hot grill. As soon as the oysters start to open, remove from grill and discard the empty half of the shell. Loosen the foot of the oyster and place the oyster in the shell back on the grill. Pour a tablespoon of the bacon mixture on the oyster and top with Parmesan cheese. Cook until done, about 2 to 3 minutes. Serve with a small bowl of pico de gallo for a condiment. Bon Appetit, ingredients: [1 pound bacon plain cure, 2 tbsp Worcestershire sauce, 4 small shallots, finely diced, 4 cloves garlic, finely diced, 1 dozen oysters, 1 pint Parmesan cheese, 1 pint pico de gallo], title: Mesquite Oysters, picturelink: null}, 14643: {instructions: Special equipment: Terrine moldnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl cream together butter and sugar until pale and fluffy, beat in the eggs a little at a time, beating well after each addition. Sift the flour, salt and cocoa powder into the creamed mixture and fold in with a metal spoon. Stir in the chopped chocolate until evenly combined. Lightly grease 6 individual pudding ramekins. Divide the prepared mixture evenly into the greased ramekins. Place the ramekins in a roasting pan. Pour boiling water into the roasting pan to come halfway up the side of the ramekins.nBake in preheated oven for 50 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the mixture comes out clean. Let rest them for a couple of minutes and remove from the ramekin.nFor the chocolate terrine:nMelt together chocolate and butter and let it cool down slightly. When warm stir in 4 yolks. Sift sugar and cocoa powder and stir into the chocolate mixture gently. Whip heavy cream and egg whites to soft peak separately. Fold into the chocolate mixture and set it in a lined terrine mold. Refrigerate and use next day., ingredients: [12 cup butter softened, 12 cup soft brown sugar, 3 eggs, beaten, 12 cup selfraising flour recommended: Wondra, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons dark chocolate, chopped finely, 5 tablespoons white chocolate, chopped finely, 12 ounces bitter chocolate, preferably 64 percent, 8 12 ounces unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, separated, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Steamed Chocolate Pudding, picturelink: null}, 14644: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Prepare a baking sheet by spraying it with canola spray.nIn a large saute pan over mediumlow heat, add the butter, pecans and peanuts. Saute until the nuts become fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add the caramel sauce and vanilla extract and continue to cook on low until the caramel begins to thicken, an additional 5 minutes. Next, add the popcorn and stir to coat completely with the caramel sauce.nRemove the popcorn from the heat and spread it into 1 even layer on the prepared sheet. Place the sheet in the oven and cook for 20 minutes. Remove from the oven, sprinkle with the sea salt and let cool. Break up the popcorn with a spoon and serve family style in a large bowl., ingredients: [Canola spray, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1 12 cups unsalted peanuts, 2 cups caramel sauce, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 bag microwave popcorn, popped as directed, Sea salt, for garnish], title: PeanutPecan Caramel Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 14645: {instructions: Remove Taco Shells from plastic container. Bake shells in preheated 350 degree Fahrenheit oven 3 to 4 minutes or microwave on HIGH 40 to 60 seconds.nMix the tomatoes with the taco sauce in a medium serving bowl. Toss the greens and cilantro in another serving bowl. Put the taco shells on a serving platter with the lime wedges.nToss the chicken, chiles, and scallions in a saucepan over medium heat until heated through, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the pork with salt and pepper. Add to the hot oil and sear, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the pickled jalapeu00f1os and pineapple. Cook, stirring, until the pork is just cooked through, about 7 minutes. Transfer to a serving dish.nSet up a DIY taco bar: line up the taco shells, chicken mixture, pork mixture, tomato salsa, and greens. Instruct guests to assemble their own tacos., ingredients: [1 18count package ORTEGAu00ae Yellow Corn Taco Shells, 1 cup diced tomatoes, 14 cup ORTEGAu00ae Thick and Smooth Mild Taco Sauce, 2 cups mixed baby greens, u00bc cup cilantro, torn, Lime wedges, for serving, 3 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, 1 4ounce can ORTEGAu00ae Hot Diced Green Chiles, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 whole 1 u00bdpound pork tenderloin, cut into 1inch chunks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup drained ORTEGAu00ae Sliced Jalapeu00f1os, chopped, 1 12 cups diced fresh pineapple], title: The Ultimate Taco Bar Toppings, picturelink: sUUynbHM4mxqfciJrJymruksD6hhk2e}, 14646: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees Wash and drain broccoli. Pat dry. Cut into florets. In a large bowl, toss the broccoli with the oil and salt and pepper to taste. Arrange florets in a single layer on a baking sheet and roast, turning once, for 12 minutes, or until just tender. Transfer broccoli to a serving bowl. Toss with butter and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound broccoli, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Broccoli, picturelink: null}, 14647: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nToast pine nuts in a shallow baking pan, stirring occasionally until golden brown, about 7 minutes. Cool and chop finely.nCombine nuts, red pepper, parsley, basil and mint in a medium bowl. Crumble feta in small pieces, add to nuts.nWhisk garlic, salt, pepper, and yogurt in a small bowl until well blended. Stir into the nut and feta mixture. Chill for one hour.nServe with crackers., ingredients: [12 cup pine nuts, 12 cup finely chopped red bell pepper, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons Spice Islands Sweet Basil, 14 teaspoon Spice Islands Mint, 6 ounces feta cheese, 14 teaspoon Spice Islands Garlic Powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon Spice Islands Medium Grind Black Pepper, 1 cup plain yogurt], title: Feta Pine Nut Dip, picturelink: GlxvE9PacOsZTxsfajZdi1uWQ7Mai}, 14648: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Special Equipment: disposable pastry bagnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line sheet trays with parchment paper or silicone baking mats.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer equipped with the paddle attachment, beat the almond paste on high speed until it is really broken up. Add the confectioners sugar and mix on slow speed until well combined.nAdd the honey, cinnamon, salt, egg whites and lemon zest and beat on medium speed until the mixture is well combined and very thick, about 5 minutes.nFill a disposable pastry bag with the dough. Push the dough towards the tip and cut the tip off the bag. Pipe 1inch balls onto the prepared sheet trays. Top with the pine nuts, pressing them into the dough to secure. Bake until the cookies are golden, 12 to 14 minutes.nPine nutty, ingredients: [One 15ounce can glutenfree almond paste, finely crumbled, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch fine salt, 2 large egg whites, 1 lemon, zested, 12 to 34 cups pine nuts], title: Pignoli Cookies, picturelink: yrl8SPQtseUdOyyQ76zRaWv0.Qb2sGW}, 14649: {instructions: For the spice mixture: In a medium bowl, blend the pecans, both sugars, the cinnamon and nutmeg. Take a fork or a spoon and mix the ingredients until well blended.nFor the fried chicken: In medium pot, heat the oil on the stove top. Wash the chicken thoroughly. Cut the chicken into 1inch cubes and set aside.nIn a bowl, add the allpurpose flour, garlic powder, onion powder and paprika, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. In another bowl, pour in the buttermilk. Place the cubed chicken into the buttermilk, then remove and place into the flour until all the pieces are covered in flour. Add the chicken to the oil and fry until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Set aside a handful of small pieces for garnish.nFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line muffin pans with paper liners.nIn a medium bowl, cream together the butter and granulated sugar. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, and then stir in the vanilla. Combine the cake flour and baking powder, add to the creamed mixture and mix well. Stir in the buttermilk until the batter is smooth. Add the maple syrup, shredded fried chicken and spiced dry mix to the batter and stir. Then scoop the batter into the liners. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. The cupcakes are done when they spring back to the touch.nLet cool.nFor the frosting: In a mixing bowl, cream together the butter and cream cheese until well blended. Then add the powdered sugar, 1 cup at a time. Add the maple extract.nTo assemble: Once the cupcakes are cool, you may use a spoon or piping bag to frost the cupcakes with the maple frosting. After you have frosted, use a small piece of the remaining fried chicken to garnish the top of the cupcakes., ingredients: [1 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 cup vegetable oil, 2 pounds chicken tenderloins, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, Sea salt and ground black pepper, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 stick salted butter, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups cake flour, 1 34 teaspoons baking powder, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup pure maple syrup, 4 tablespoons salted butter, 8 ounces cream cheese, 3 to 4 cups confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon maple extract], title: Chicken and Buttermilk Waffle Cupcakes, picturelink: sjCOaXZCHEW3OPM9BWwzV.sq5UeKO}, 14650: {instructions: Dice up equal quantities of tomatoes and onions. Roughly chop the cilantro.nNow, slice 1 or 2 jalapenos in half. With a spoon, scrape out the seeds. If you like things spicy, leave in some of the white membranes. Dice the jalapenos very finely you want a hint of heat and jalapeno flavor, but you dont want to cause any fires. Now dump the four ingredients into a bowl.nSlice the lime in half and squeeze the juice from half the lime into the bowl. Sprinkle with salt, and stir together until combined. Be sure to taste the pico de gallo and adjust the seasonings, adding salt or more diced jalapeno if needed., ingredients: [2 cups fresh cilantro leaves, 2 to 3 jalapenos, 1 lime, Salt, 12 Roma tomatoes slightly under ripe is fine, 3 yellow or red onions], title: Pico de Gallo, picturelink: KN9LXHxPHpTOTTcDZyV72jCLQ73ofy}, 14651: {instructions: For the steaks: In a baking dish, sprinkle the steaks on both sides with the salt and pepper and drizzle with the oil. Place the rosemary in the dish and allow to marinate on the counter at room temperature for 1 hour, turning the steaks halfway through to infuse all over with rosemary.nFor the rosemary butter: In a saucepan over mediumlow heat, add the butter and salt. Stir to melt the butter and dissolve the salt, then add the rosemary. Continue cooking on low until the butter is fragrant from the rosemary, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the rosemary and discard.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to high heat. Remove the steaks from the baking dish, discard the rosemary and place the steaks directly on the grill. Cook for about 5 minutes on both sides for mediumrare. Remove from the grill and allow to rest under loosely fitted aluminum foil for 10 minutes.nUsing the direction of the muscles as a guide, thinly slice the meat against the grain into strips and place on a serving dish. Pour the infused butter over the meat and serve., ingredients: [4 1 pound New York strip steaks, 1inch thick, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, cut in half, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary], title: Grilled Rosemary Steaks, picturelink: PWxr2PdfMg5KiozL9Y4JF98MvEQUqS}, 14652: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F.nLine up strips of bacon on a sheet of waxed paper or parchment. Sprinkle half the sugar over top of bacon. Dust bacon with pepper to taste. With your fingers, rub in sugar and pepper. Turn bacon strips over and sprinkle the other side with remaining sugar and pepper to taste, rubbing it in.nHave a broiler pan with a slotted top or a rack set over a baking pan ready. Transfer the bacon strips to it, twisting each piece into a corkscrew as you place it. Place strips close together but do not touch. Bake until bacon is golden brown and crisp, turning with tongs about half way through, about 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [12 strips bacon, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Corkscrew Bacon, picturelink: null}, 14653: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 9inch pie pannMake the Pie Dough: In a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the flour, sugar, and salt and mix to combine. Add the butter and continue mixing until the mixture holds together when you clump it, and there are pecansized lumps of butter still visible.nMeanwhile, whisk together the yolks and milk in small bowl.nAdd the yolk mixture to the flour mixture and mix until a dough forms. Transfer the dough to a sheet of plastic wrap, wrap well and store in the refrigerator for several hours. The dough will keep for several days in the fridge and several weeks in the freezer.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll half of the dough into a 11 to 12inch circle about 18 inch thick. Line the pan with the dough and crimp the edges. Chill the pie shell for about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine the pie shell with aluminum foil and fill with dried beans. Bake the shell until golden brown, about 45 minutes. Remove the foil and beans.nMeanwhile, make the Filling: Lower the oven to 325 degrees F. In a medium saucepan, mix together the pumpkin and sugar. Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until reduced and thick, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the cream, milks, vanilla, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, clove, salt, eggs, and yolk. Pour the filling into the pie shell and bake until set, about 45 to 55 minutes. Cool and serve, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 2 egg yolks, 3 tablespoons milk, 1 12 cups canned pumpkin, 12 cup brown sugar, 23 cup heavy cream, 7 tablespoons sweetened condensed milk, 6 12 tablespoons evaporated milk, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Pinch ground clove, Pinch salt, 2 eggs, 1 egg yolk], title: Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: B9eOULXOpF7.w00RsQO9lC0HXzE56SC}, 14654: {instructions: In a saute pan, sweat the bacon to render the fat. Remove the bacon from the pan, then add the shallots to the fat to cook. When tender, add the porcini and cook 5 minutes. Add the bacon back in the pan. Add the chicken stock a little at a time. Season with salt and pepper and add butter. Cook until thick, about 3 minutes. Toss in bread crumbs and parsley and remove from heat. Check seasoning.nTo make the Mornay:nBegin by scalding the milk. Turn heat to low and slowly whisk in the roux. Cook for 5 to 10 minutes over low heat. Season with salt and pepper and add grated cheese. Reserve sauce in baine marie.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the rigatoni, begin by cooking the rigatoni in wellsalted water for 5 minutes. Shock quickly in ice water. Remove from ice water and keep tightly covered until ready to use. When the stuffing has cooled, put it in a piping bag and fill rigatoni, pressing ends clean.nPlace 4 rigatoni on a tray and spoon the sauce over to completely cover the pasta. Sprinkle with a little fresh bread crumbs and grated Parmesan. Bake for 5 minutes. Finish under broiler, if necessary.nPlate on the cooking tray. Garnish with truffle shavings and Parmesan cheese.nMelt the butter in a small pan. Whisk in the flour. Cook until the mixture bubbles. Remove from the heat., ingredients: [3 12 ounces diced bacon, 1 ounce diced shallots, 512 ounces diced porcini mushrooms, 6 ounces chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces butter, 3 tablespoons bread crumbs, plus extra for sprinkling, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 8 rigatoni shells, 1 tablespoon truffle shavings, Parmesan cheese, as needed, 2 cups milk, scalded, 2 to 3 teaspoons blonde roux, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces aged cheddar, grated, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: Rigatoni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 14655: {instructions: Saute garlic and broccoli rabe in oil over medium heat. Cover to steam until wilted., ingredients: [2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 bunch broccoli rabe, chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Sauteed Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: TmIDPyaHF606sVSWJV0l6d095lusOLi}, 14656: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9by13inch baking dish.nFor the pudding: In a small saucepan, combine the dates, rum and 34 cup water. Bring the liquid to a boil, reduce to a simmer and simmer for 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the vanilla extract. Let the liquid cool, and then puree the dates with their liquid in a food processor. Reserve.nSift together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt.nCombine the brown sugar and butter in a large mixing bowl using a handheld mixer on mediumhigh speed. Beat the butter and sugar together until they are a homogeneous mixture. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Gently mix in the flour mixture in thirds over a low speed. Stir in the date puree.nTransfer the batter to the prepared baking dish and bake in the oven for 35 minutes.nFor the toffee sauce: Make this while the pudding is baking. Combine the butter, sugar, brandy and 14 cup water in a medium saucepan. Bring the mixture to a simmer, whisking frequently. Cook the sauce until it thickens to a sauce consistency, about 15 minutes.nTo finish the pudding: Remove the pudding from the oven and let cool for about 10 minutes. Using a skewer or chopstick, poke holes in the pudding about every inch or so.nPour half the toffee sauce over the cake and let it soak in for at least 20 minutes.nServe the pudding in a warm pool of the remaining sauce. Garnish with whipped cream if desired., ingredients: [1 12 cups brown sugar, 12 cup brandy, Heavy cream, whipped, for topping, optional, 2 cups pitted dates, 34 cup dark spiced rum, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch salt, 2 cups brown sugar, 1 stick butter, at room temperature, plus extra for baking dish, 3 eggs, separated, 3 sticks butter], title: Sticky Toffee Pudding, picturelink: 2Jx7ZkON0p7Xz24kTzESF61kjFDdMi}, 14657: {instructions: Bring water or stock and butter to boil. Add rice slowly, stirring constantly. Bring back to boil to a boil, reduce heat, simmer and stir gently once more. Cover and simmer for 9 minutes or just until rice begins to stick to the bottom of saucepan. Remove from heat, fluff with fork and let rest uncovered for 5 to 10 minutes to allow rice to dry. Serve., ingredients: [1 34 cups water or vegetable stock, 1 8 ounce package Jasmine Blend Indian Harvest rice, 1 teaspoon butter], title: Indian Harvest Jasmine Blend Rice, picturelink: null}, 14658: {instructions: Heat 14 cup of the ghee in a large pot over medium flame, add the onions and sprinkle with the curry powder. Cook and stir for a few minutes until the onions are soft. Add the cashews, shredded coconut, coconut milk, and vegetable broth. Bring up to a simmer and cook for 15 to 20 minutes. In the meantime, prepare the eggplant.nCut the eggplant into chunks. Heat the remaining 14 cup of ghee in a deep skillet or Dutch oven and add the eggplant. Cook and stir until the eggplant gets charred and sticky.nPuree the coconut sauce with a handheld blender, until its pretty smooth. Pour the sauce over the eggplant and toss in the cinnamon stick and chile. Season with salt, to taste, and simmer for 15 minutes until thick. Give a squeeze of lemon to brighten the flavor, garnish with mint leaves, and serve with steamed basmati rice andor flat bread.nPut the butter in a heavy saucepan over moderate heat, swirl the pot around to ensure that it melts slowly and does not sizzle or brown. Increase the heat and bring the butter to a boil. When the surface is covered with foam, stir gently and reduce the heat to the lowest possible setting. Gently simmer, uncovered, and undisturbed for 45 minutes, until the milk solids in the bottom of the pan have turned golden brown and the butter on top is transparent. Strain the ghee through a sieve lined with several layers of cheesecloth. The ghee should be perfectly clear and smell nutty pour into a glass jar and seal tightly.nYield: 1 12 cupsnToast the whole spices coriander, cumin, fennel, cloves, mustard, cardamom and peppercorns and the chiles in a small dry skillet over mediumlow heat, shaking the pan often to prevent them from burning. Toast for a couple of minutes until the spices smell fragrant. In a clean coffee grinder, grind the toasted spices together to a fine powder. Add the turmeric and give it another quick buzz to combine. Use the spice blend immediately, or store in a sealed jar for as long as 1 month., ingredients: [12 cup ghee, recipe follows, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon curry powder, recipe follows, 1 cup unsalted cashews, coarsely chopped, 12 cup shredded coconut, 2 cups unsweetened coconut milk, 2 cups vegetable broth, 8 baby eggplants, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 dried red chile, Salt, 12 lemon, juiced, Mint leaves, for garnish, 1 pound unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 12 teaspoon whole cloves, 12 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon cardamom seeds, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 2 dried red chiles, broken in pieces, seeds discarded, 1 tablespoon turmeric], title: Eggplant In CurryCoconut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 14659: {instructions: For the chips: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nUsing a mandoline slicer or a sharp knife, cut the sweet potatoes into 116to18inchthick slices. Place in a bowl and toss with the olive oil. Arrange in single layers on the prepared baking sheets and sprinkle with the herbes de Provence. Bake until golden, 12 to 16 minutes, checking and removing any smallersized chips that bake first. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the mayonnaise: In a small bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, mustard, honey, lemon juice, lemon zest, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper until smooth.nPlace the chips in a bowl and serve with the honeymustard mayonnaise for dipping., ingredients: [Two 8ounce sweet potatoes, unpeeled, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon herbes de Provence, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Zest of 12 large lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Sweet Potato Chips, picturelink: null}, 14660: {instructions: Bring about 6 quarts of water to a rapid boil in a covered pot large enough to hold the asparagus. Cut the bottom section usually about 1 to 2 inches off the asparagus stalks with a sharp knife. Peel the asparagus by laying them flat, one at a time, on a cutting board. If the asparagus are thinner than 12inch, use a vegetable peeler and peel the asparagus starting at the base of the tip and peeling them all the way down to the base, eliminating the fibrous peel and revealing the pale green flesh. If the asparagus are very thick or woody, use a paring knife and start peeling from the base. When ready to cook, toss the salt into the boiling water and carefully lower in the asparagus. Turn the heat to low and simmer the asparagus, uncovered, until the spears are easily penetrated with a knife, usually after about 5 minutes but from 1 minute for very thin asparagus to 12 minutes for the very thickest. If serving cold asparagus, plunge the hot cooked asparagus into ice water or rinse under cold water in a colander. Pat dry., ingredients: [2 pounds asparagus, the thicker the better, 2 tablespoons salt for boiling water], title: Basic Boiled Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 14661: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove all the fat and sinew from the veal loin and reserve them. Rub the loin with oil and season with salt and pepper.nHeat a saute pan over medium high heat. Add the veal loin and sear until golden brown on all sides, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove the loin from the pan.nPlace fat and trimmings in the bottom of a roasting pan and set the loin on top. Roast for 45 minutes. The roast should still be pink inside, not well done. Transfer it to a warm platter.nWhile the meat is roasting, peel the skins of the oranges and lemons, and cut into julienne. Place in a small saucepan with the sugar and enough water to cover. Boil until the sugar begins to caramelize. Pour the julienne into a strainer and rinse briefly under water. Set aside.nSqueeze the juice from the oranges. Remove fat and trimmings from the roasting pan and pour off any fat that has accumulated. Deglaze with the port and add the veal stock and orange juice. Simmer 15 minutes, strain, and reduce until only 1 cup remains. Whisk in the butter, 1 piece at a time, to slightly thicken the sauce. Reserve and keep warm.nPlace a slice of the roast on a warm plate. Cover with sauce and sprinkle with the julienne of orange and lemon peels. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 veal loin with flank, about 6 pounds, frenched you can ask your butcher to do this, 1 tablespoon mildflavored oil, such as almond or safflower, Salt, Freshly ground pepper, 6 blood oranges, 2 lemons, 2 tablespoons sugar, Water, to cover, 1 cup port, 2 cups brown veal stock, 14 pound unsalted butter, cut into small pieces], title: VEAL LOIN WITH SICILIAN BLOOD ORANGE SAUCE, picturelink: null}, 14662: {instructions: Bring a large saucepan of water with a steamer basket to a boil. Put the snow peas in the basket, cover and cook for 2 minutes. Remove the basket and transfer the snow peas to a bowl of ice water to cool. Drain and pat dry.nAdd the shrimp directly to the saucepan of water and return to a boil cook for 2 minutes. Drain, then plunge the shrimp into a bowl of ice water to cool. Drain and pat dry.nSlice each shrimp in half lengthwise. Cut the snow peas diagonally into 12inch pieces, discarding the ends. In a large bowl, toss the shrimp, snow peas, radishes and scallions.nIn a small bowl, whisk the vinegar, both oils, the ginger and 12 teaspoon salt. Toss with the salad right before serving top with sesame seeds.nPhotography by Lara Robby, ingredients: [12 ounces snow peas, 1 14 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 6 radishes, thinly sliced into halfmoons, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 13 cup rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, Salt, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds], title: Shrimp and Snow Pea Salad, picturelink: tMOELwQuKcV1Kuxp.FRRtuM1c0nIyp.}, 14663: {instructions: Place sausages on the heated grill. Brush with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until done, about 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [12 links blood sausage about 2 pounds, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Morcilla Blood Sausage, picturelink: null}, 14664: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Scoop out cores of apples with a melon baller. Use the tool to remove blossom scars at bottoms of apple halves and any skin remaining at stem ends. Place sugar in a 10inch ovenproof skillet over medium heat. When sugar begins to melt, stir with a wooden spoon. It will form big lumps at first, but keep cooking and stirring until all the sugar is dissolved and forms a light amber syrup. As soon as it reaches this stage, remove from heat and add butter to prevent caramel from overcooking. Stir until butter is melted and incorporated. Arrange apples cut side up on top of caramel and tuck rosemary sprigs between them. Place skillet in oven and bake for 15 minutes. Using tongs, turn apples over bake until apples are softened, about 15 minutes more. Using a serrated knife, cut shortcakes in half horizontally. Place the bottom half of each shortcake cut side up on a large dessert plate. With a small spatula, lift the hot caramelized apple halves from syrup and place each 1 cut side down on a shortcake bottom. Remove and discard rosemary. Return skillet with caramel to stovetop and bring it to a simmer over medium heat. Gradually whisk in cream. When sauce is smooth, remove from heat. Top each apple half with a scoop of ice cream. Drizzle the caramel sauce over the top of each dessert, letting it drip onto the plate. Place the shortcake tops over each. Serve immediately.nHeat oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silpat nonstick baking mat or parchment paper set aside. In a medium bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Stir in 14 cup sugar. Cut in the butter with a pastry blender until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir in the sour cream and milk. Scoop the dough into 6 high mounds evenly spaced on prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until lightly browned, about 15 minutes. Transfer the biscuits to a rack to cool slightly before splitting. Yield: 6 large biscuits, ingredients: [3 large cooking apples about 1 14 pounds, such as Jonagold or Granny Smith, peeled and halved, 34 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 3inch sprigs fresh rosemary, 6 Sour Cream Shortcake Biscuits, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 pint premium vanilla ice cream, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup, plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled, 1 cup sour cream not lowfat, 14 cup whole milk], title: Apple, Rosemary, and Caramel Shortcakes, picturelink: null}, 14665: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook according to package directions drain, reserving 1 cup of the pasta water. Toss the spaghetti with some oil and set aside.nAdd the oil, garlic, 34 teaspoon salt and crushed red pepper to a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once the oil begins to shimmer, add the tomatoes, reserved pasta water and oregano bring to a high simmer and cook until the sauce thickens but is still loose, 12 to 15 minutes.nAdd the fish and olives and cook, stirring occasionally, until the fish is cooked through and flaky, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the spaghetti and parsley. Toss to combine and divide among four bowls., ingredients: [10 ounces wholegrain spaghetti about 34 of a box, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for tossing, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper, One 28ounce can nosaltadded whole plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 large 8ounce tilapia fillet, cut into 34inch pieces, 10 kalamata olives, quartered, 12 cup loosely packed chopped parsley about 12 bunch], title: Spicy Fish and Olive Spaghetti, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}, 14666: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPulse the bread in the bowl of a food processor until it becomes fine crumbs. Spray a nonstick skillet with cooking spray and heat pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Lower heat to medium, add bread crumbs to the skillet and toast, tossing often, until crumbs are golden brown and toasted, about 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from heat and cool completely.nGrate egg in the mediumsized holes of a box grater or on a medium microplane grater used for grating chocolate or cheese. Combine the egg, bread crumbs, parsley, cheese, salt, and pepper in a mediumsized bowl and toss to combine.nSteam the asparagus until firm, but tender, about 3 to 4 minutes.nArrange asparagus on a serving platter and top with ParmesanEgg Crumb Topping., ingredients: [2 slices wholewheat bread, crusts removed, 1 hardboiled egg, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 12ounce 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 14 teaspoon salt, Pinch pepper, 2 pounds asparagus, washed, ends snapped off], title: Asparagus and ParmesanEgg Crumb Topping, picturelink: kIjHlF2GUmiN7taFfbVKqMhjnvJXOrS}, 14667: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat olive oil in a large pan. Saute the ham and chorizo sausage. Remove from pan and reserve.nAdd onions, red pepper, and garlic to pan and saute until wilted but not overcooked.nAdd chicken pieces and saute for about 15 minutes until brown, but not fully cooked. Remove and reserve.nIn a large pot combine the rice, broth, wine, and mussels. Add salt for flavor and Bijol for color. Stir. Turn up heat, bring to boil and cover. Add chicken, ham and chorizo. Cover and simmer on the stove for 20 to 30 minutes, until the rice is cooked and fluffy. You may have to add a little more chicken broth if the mixture gets too dry.nSaute shrimp, clams, and lobster tails separately in the oil. Remove and keep covered and warm.nAt the last minute, fold the seafood into the rice mixture. Transfer to a flat paella pan suitable for serving. Top with peas and red peppers. Place in oven for about 5 minutes to heat through. Take care not to overcook Serve garnished with mussels, parsley and lobster shells., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons for sauteing seafood, 1 cup diced ham, 1 cup chorizo sausage or pepperoni, sliced into 12inch pieces recommended: Spanish sausage, 1 large onion, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 5 garlic cloves, minced, One 3pound chicken, cut into 6 to 8 pieces, 3 cups Valencia rice, 4 cups chicken broth, 12 cup red wine, 1 can mussels, 2 teaspoons salt, Bijol powder, a dash, 1 pound medium raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 pound scallops, Meat from 5 lobster tails, reserve shells for garnish, 1 cup frozen green peas, 14 cup minced parsley leaves, 1 red bell pepper, sliced for garnish, 1 cup steamed mussels in their shells, for garnish], title: Cubanstyle Paella: Paella Cubana, picturelink: UC0AhNxkEkfH2YXFyNYgxcHLL8u5Imu}, 14668: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a madeleine pannAdjust the racks to the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a madeleine pan.nAdd the flour, baking powder, salt and 12 teaspoon of the cinnamon to a medium bowl, and whisk to combine.nAdd the granulated sugar, vanilla and eggs to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat until the eggs are pale, thick and light yellow, about 5 minutes. Pour in the 4 tablespoons melted butter and mix until just combined. Turn off the mixer and stir in the dry ingredients.nFill the madeleine pan threequarters of the way to the top of the molds and bake for 10 to 11 minutes. Cool slightly on a wire rack, 10 minutes, then remove the cookies from the molds.nCombine the confectioners sugar and remaining 12 teaspoon cinnamon in a small bowl. Place the cinnamon sugar in a finemesh sieve and dust the cookies before serving., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for greasing the pan, 12 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting the pan, 18 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, room temperature, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Cinnamon Sugar Madeleines, picturelink: 0sW8kksiCY4KqR40RGz3en728rhTrki}, 14669: {instructions: Slice halibut as described in above recipe and arrange on plates.nPrepare the vinegar mixture in above recipe, adding the mitsuba, and coat the fish. Proceed with remaining recipe above, using grated daikon in place of sprouts and scallions in place of the red onion. Serve immediately with ponzu sauce alongside the halibut for dipping.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl and let stand 24 hours. Strain through a cheesecloth and mature 3 months in a cool, dark place, or in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 pound skinless, boneless halibut, 1 bunch mitsuba, finely chopped, 13 cup daikon radish, grated, 6 scallions, white and light green parts, finely minced, Ponzu sauce, for dipping recipe follows, Juice of 4 lemons, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 cup dark soy sauce, 2 tablespoons tamari sauce, 3 tablespoons mirin, 13 ounce dried bonito flakes, 2inch square giant kelp konbu], title: Marinated Halibut, picturelink: null}, 14670: {instructions: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil and salt the water generously. Prepare an ice bath for the tomatoes by filling a medium bowl with cold water and some ice cubes. Use a slotted spoon to plunge the tomatoes into the boiling water for about 1 to 2 minutes. The skin should show evidence of peeling away from the flesh of the tomatoes. Remove them from the water and plunge them into the ice bath. Allow the tomatoes to sit in the cool water so they stop cooking.nIn a medium skillet, heat a tablespoon of the olive oil and add the garlic, shallots, and red pepper flakes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the oregano and sugar. Stir to blend. Allow to cook, over low heat, until the shallots and garlic become tender and translucent.nMeanwhile, remove the tomatoes from the ice bath, peel off and discard the skin from each. Place them on a flat surface, quarter them and scoop out the seeds and jelly from each piece. Gather all the seeds in a strainer and push through the liquid that naturally surrounds the seeds. Discard the seeds. Reserve the liquid and tomato flesh.nAdd the tomato and liquid to the shallot mixture and stir in about 1 tablespoon of salt and 1 teaspoon ground pepper. Turn the heat down to medium and cook until the tomato flesh starts to lose shape, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the water and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. If there are still some hard pieces, add a little more water and cook for a few more minutes. Taste for seasoning.nIn a large pot, bring 6 quarts of water to a rolling boil. Add a generous amount of salt. The pasta water should taste like sea water. Add the pasta to the pot and stir so none of the pieces stick to the bottom as they cook. Cook the pasta until al dente, chewy but not hard or raw tasting, 8 to 10 minutes, and drain the pasta in a colander until the sauce is finished. Reserve a little of the pasta cooking liquid in case you need it later.nPut the tomato sauce in the blender and puree until smooth. Slowly add the vinegar through the top of the blender as the sauce is blending. Next, pour the remaining olive oil through the top in a slow, steady stream. Blend in another cup of water then remove the sauce from the blender and taste for seasoning.nPour most of the sauce into a large skillet and add the pasta. Toss to blend with a wooden spoon. If the sauce is too thick, add some of the pasta liquid to thin it out. Taste for seasoning. Add the basil leaves and sprinkle with cheese, if desired., ingredients: [5 yellow beefsteak tomatoes, washed, core removed, a small x cut on the bottom of each, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 10 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced thin, 3 large shallots, peeled and sliced, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 1 pound dry pasta, such as penne or cavatappi, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 12 cup water, 25 to 30 basil leaves, washed and dried, Grated Parmesan, to taste], title: Yellow Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 14671: {instructions: Place the peanut oil in a 4 to 5quart Dutch oven and place over mediumhigh heat. Heat oil until it reaches 375 degrees F.nRinse the squid thoroughly and pat dry. Cut the tentacles in half lengthwise and the tubes into 12inch rings. Set aside.nPlace the egg, water and flour into a bowl and whisk thoroughly to combine. In small handfuls, dip the squid in the batter and shake off the excess. In batches, gently lower the squid into the hot oil. Cook for 1 minute. The squid will not be browned, but lightly golden in color. Remove the squid and transfer to a cooling rack turned upside down set over a newspaperlined sheet pan. Season with salt and pepper, as desired. Repeat until all of the squid is cooked. Make sure to check the temperature of the oil before each batch to ensure it is 375 degrees F. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 quarts peanut oil, 1 pound squid, tubes and tentacles, 1 egg, 1 cup ice water, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Wet Fried Calamari, picturelink: iAxLlit37wq5mlWhZ.1LRJLy1ba652}, 14672: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: two 12cup cupcake pansnFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 2 cupcake pans with cooking spray.nWith an electric mixer, beat the cake mix, gelatin, oil, strawberries and a 12 cup water until fully combined. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Pour the batter into the prepared pans. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cupcakes comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Let cool in the pan, and then remove before icing.nFor the icing: In a blender or food processor, puree the butter, sugar and strawberries for the glaze until smooth it may take a few minutes to come together. Poke holes in the cupcakes with a toothpick, then spoon the icing over, allowing some of it to seep into the cake. Store the cupcakes, covered in the refrigerator, for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick butter, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 cup frozen sliced strawberries in syrup, thawed], title: Lizzies Strawberry Cupcakes, picturelink: SpOqtvsVIOBwW39YDC9c2HQUO2AdFu}, 14673: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the lemon curd: Bring a pot of water to a simmer over mediumlow heat. Combine the egg yolks, sugar, lemon juice, and zest in a metal or glass heatresistant bowl and whisk until smooth. Set the bowl over the simmering water, without letting the bottom touch, and continue to whisk. Keep workingout that arm and whisk it vigorously for a good 10 minutes, until the curd has doubled in volume and is very thick and yellow. Dont let it boil. Remove the bowl from heat and whisk in the butter, a couple of chunks at a time, until melted. Refrigerate until the custard is cold and firm.nTo build the trifle: put the berries in a mixing bowl and toss them together so they are evenly distributed. Fold the whipped cream into the chilled lemon curd to lighten it up into a mousse. Line a glass trifle bowl with pieces of pound cake to fit. Drizzle or brush the cake with the Limoncello, spoon a layer of the lemon curd over the cake, and then a layer of mixed berries. Repeat the layers until the ingredients are used up, the last layer looks best if its the berries. Chill before serving. Garnish with fresh mint., ingredients: [6 large egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, 4 lemons, zested and juiced, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cut in chunks, 1 pint fresh strawberries, stemmed and halved lengthwise, 1 pint fresh blueberries, 1 pint fresh blackberries, 2 cups sweetened whipped cream, 1 prepared lemon pound cake, sliced, 14 cup Limoncello or Grand Marnier liqueur optional, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Lemon Curd Trifle with Fresh Berries, picturelink: iwRCKjatLHGS9VI15VA.ZC3SKKr7ZBa}, 14674: {instructions: For the butterbraised cabbage: Cook the bacon in a large highsided saucepan over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally until crisp, about 12 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to a paper towellined plate. Add the butter to same pan, followed by the onions. Cook until the onions begin to caramelize, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the wine, vinegar and cabbage. Cover, reduce the heat to medium and continue cooking for 30 minutes.nRemove the lid from the cabbage and continue cooking until all the liquid has evaporated. Stir the crisped bacon into the cabbage and season with salt and pepper.nFor the arctic char: The secret to crispy skin is lack of moisture. Leave your fish uncovered in the fridge 10 to 15 minutes to dry out. Then dry the fish with a paper towel to remove any excess moisture. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper.nHeat a castiron skillet or heavybottomed saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add enough oil to coat. When the oil is hot, but not smoking, place the fillets skinside down in the pan, cooking in batches if needed. Using the back of a spatula, press down hard on the fillets for at least 20 seconds to ensure that the entire skin has full contact with the bottom of the pan. This will help to achieve the crispiest skin possible.nContinue cooking until the flesh cooks and there is only a bit of pink left, 5 to 6 minutes. The skin should be pulling away from the bottom of the pan. If necessary, use a spatula to loosen the skin before flipping. Flip the fish and continue cooking for an additional 30 seconds to 1 minute before transferring to a plate to rest.nGently remove the fish skin with a paring knife and place the skin back into the pan, fleshside down. Fry another 1 to 2 minutes over mediumhigh heat. Transfer to a wire rack or a paper towellined plate, at which point it will harden like a supercrispy fish chip.nServe the crisp arctic char over the butterbraised cabbage and top with the crispy fish skin.nCooks Note: Removing your fried fish skin to a wire rack will help it harden by letting the air circulate around it., ingredients: [4 strips thickcut bacon, chopped 7 ounces, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 yellow onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup dry white wine, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 head red cabbage, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Four 7 to 8ounce arctic char fillets, pin bones and scales removed, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Canola oil, for seraring], title: Crispy Skin Arctic Char with ButterBraised Cabbage, picturelink: S2tk1tOwVT8HFEnkszIE56LBY0ulFca}, 14675: {instructions: In a bowl of a food processor set with the metal blade, place the flour, sugar and salt. Add the eggs and process with pulsing action. Add the butter, milk and water. Pulse to combine. Pour batter into container and refrigerate for 1 hour.nSpray fry pan or crepe pan with nonstick spray. Heat pan. When hot, ladle in enough batter to thinly coat surface of the pan. Cook on 1 side and flip. Cook on other side. Remove from pan and let cool. Continue making the crepes, spraying pan prior to making each one.nPlace the cherries and apples in a large saute pan. Add the water, brandy, sugar and lemon juice. Simmer until apples are cooked but still firm to the touch, about 15 minutes. Strain the mixture.nTo Stuff Crepes: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Carefully place a large tablespoon of the filling mixture in the middle of each crepe. Bring up the sides of the crepe and tie with a chive like a little purse. Refrigerate, loosely covered, until ready to bake. When ready to serve heat in oven until warm and crisp., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 eggs, 6 tablespoons butter, meted and cooled, 2 cups milk, 23 cup water, 23 cup dried cherries, 4 Granny Smith apples, firm, peeled, cored and coarsely chopped, 1 cup water, 12 cup Kirsch or brandy, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Blanched chives, for crepe bundles], title: Crepes Stuffed with Apples and Cherries, picturelink: null}, 14676: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, combine the chutney, yogurt, curry powder, oil, lime juice, salt and pepper. Whisk until combined.nAdd the garbanzo beans, goat cheese, green onions, mint, chicken, raisins, hot sauce, if using, lettuce and apples.nSpoon the filling into the center of each wrap, leaving a 2 to 3inch border. Fold the bottom flap of the wrap up and over the filling. Fold in the sides and roll up tightly to enclose the filling. Cut each wrap in half and serve., ingredients: [13 cup mango chutney, 13 cup 2percent plain Greekstyle yogurt, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice about 1 large lime, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup canned garbanzo beans, rinsed, drained and coarsely chopped, 1 cup 4 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, 1 cup chopped green onions, 34 cup chopped fresh mint, 34 cup diced cooked chicken, 14 cup raisins, 14 teaspoon hot sauce, optional, 1 small head romaine lettuce, thinly sliced to yield about 4 cups, 1 apple unpeeled, diced into 14 inch pieces, Four 12inchdiameter whole wheat wraps], title: Curried Chicken and Apple Wraps, picturelink: NIDFGRuUPQUYUwVA6iB.ZWaid0j9M6}, 14677: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBuild charcoal fire or preheat gas grill.nSlice bananas in 12 lengthwise and crosswise so each banana yields 4 pieces. Set aside. Mix the sugar and cinnamon, sprinkle on cut sides of bananas. Let bananas sit for 5 minutes.nPlace bananas cutside down on a clean cooking grate over direct low heat. Cook for 2 minutes or until grill marks appear. Using a pair of longhandled tongs, turn over and let cook 5 more minutes or until the skin pulls away from the banana.nRemove skins from banana halves and place 4 banana halves in the bottom of each serving bowl. Top each serving with 2 scoops of ice cream. Ladle about 14 cup of heated chocolate sauce over each sundaeu2014let your taste determine the quantity here, add just a touch for a hint of chocolate or pour it on for a serious chocolate fix. Sprinkle each with 1 tablespoon of chopped nuts, top with whipped cream, and place a cherry or strawberry on top.nMake the chocolate sauce up to 2 days in advance. Place chocolate in a medium size metal mixing bowl. Heat cream to almost boiling, add butter and sugar and stir to combine. Remove from heat and pour over chocolate. Whisk vigorously until melted, and well combined. Add liqueur and vanilla and stir constantly until mixture is cool the touch. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside or refrigerate up to 2 days. Warm before serving.nYield: about 1 cup, ingredients: [4 firm, but ripe, bananas, unpeeled, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 8 small scoops bestquality vanilla ice cream, Bittersweet Chocolate Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup coarsely chopped pecans or walnuts, toasted, Whipped cream, optional, Maraschino cherries or strawberries, optional, 8 ounces bittersweet 70 percent chocolate chips or chopped block chocolate, 13 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons sweet cream butter at room temperature, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, 18 cup liqueur either Kahula, Frangelico or Chambord, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Grilled Banana Split Sundae with Bittersweet Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: xlAguHhs3AoiqpaiQeIjYOKphvMxm6}, 14678: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace a baking wire rack on a sheet pan and arrange the bacon on the rack in a single layer. Bake for 15 to 25 minutes, until the bacon is browned and crisp. Drain on paper towels and set aside.nPlace the bread slices on a sheet pan and toast them for 5 minutes. Turn the slices and toast for 1 more minute, until all the bread is evenly browned. Place 2 slices on a cutting board. Spread each slice with about 1 tablespoon of mayonnaise. Cover the slices with a layer of lettuce. Peel the avocado and slice it 12inch thick. Toss the avocado slices gently with the lemon juice, and arrange on top of the lettuce leaves. Place 3 slices of bacon on top of each sandwich and then add a layer of tomato slices on top of the bacon. Sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper.nSpread each of the remaining 2 slices of toasted bread with 1 tablespoon of mayonnaise and place, mayonnaise side down, on the sandwiches. Cut in half and serve., ingredients: [6 thickcut slices smoked bacon, 4 slices good white bread, cut 12inch thick, 4 tablespoons good mayonnaise recommended: Hellmans, 4 to 8 tender green lettuce leaves, washed and spun very dry, 1 ripe Hass avocado, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 large ripe tomato, sliced 12inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: California BLTs, picturelink: Y3pxSaYNcyoJ3h.UqMpEXlYF7sdjkvq}, 14679: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring 1 12 cups water and 1 cup of the wine to a boil in a large, shallow pot. Add the mussels, cover the pot, and cook over medium heat for 5 minutes, until the mussels open. When the mussels are cool enough to handle, separate the mussels from the shells and set aside, discarding the shells and any mussels that didnt open. Strain the cooking liquid through a cheeseclothlined sieve into a bowl and reserve.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in another large heavybottomed pot over medium heat. Add the onions, leek, carrots, garlic, saffron, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper and saute, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and cook for 20 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook for another minute.nAdd 2 cups of the reserved cooking liquid discard the rest and the rest of the wine, bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer uncovered for 5 minutes. Add the reserved mussels, the halfandhalf, and the cream. Heat until just heated through but not boiling. Stir in the parsley or dill, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 750ml bottle dry white wine, divided, 3 pounds fresh mussels, cleaned, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, 1 12 cups chopped yellow onion 2 onions, 1 large leek, white and light green parts, cleaned and chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 4 teaspoons minced garlic 4 cloves, 12 teaspoon saffron threads, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 whole canned plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley or dill], title: French Mussel Bisque, picturelink: EafnGkt4jAkW12dO6N3VXXbeQi1Ud8q}, 14680: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 madeleine molds, a large piping bag, a pizza cutter and a cardboard paper towel rollnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly spray four madeleine molds with cooking spray and then dust with flour.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, whip the eggs until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add in the granulated sugar and lightly mix to combine. Slowly beat in the lemon zest, vanilla and salt. Then, with the mixer running on very low speed, slowly add in the flour, a little at a time, until incorporated. Still running on a low speed, drizzle in the melted butter. Add the food coloring and mix until fully incorporated and there are no streaks, adding more coloring as needed.nUse a tablespoon measure to spoon the batter into the madeleine molds, about 40 in total. Use a small offset spatula to smooth the batter so that it fills each mold. Bake until cooked through and spongy, 14 to 16 minutes, checking throughout to avoid browned edges. Cool the madeleines completely on a cooling rack.nFor the mousse:nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, cream together the cream cheese and 12 cup of the confectioners sugar until light, fluffy and smooth. With the mixer on low speed, add the cherry syrup, kirsch if using and the vanilla, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. When fully combined, stop the mixer.nIn a large mixing bowl using a hand mixer or a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whisk the heavy cream. Once the cream reaches the soft peak stage, add the remaining 14 cup confectioners sugar and continue mixing until stiff peaks form. Using a rubber spatula, fold onethird of the whipped cream into the cream cheese to loosen the mixture. Then gently fold in the remaining whipped cream, being careful to avoid deflating the whipped cream. Once combined, fold in the sour cherries.nTransfer the mousse to a large piping bag and cut off the corner. On a large platter or clean cutting board, pipe a thick circle of mousse to act as glue. Layer the madeleines in a circle so that they look like leaves on a wreath. Pipe more mousse and place the madeleines overlapping to layer the leaves. Place some maraschino cherries throughout the madeleines as berries. Roll the modeling chocolate to 14inch thick to create a red ribbon. Use a pizza cutter to slice 6 strips of the chocolate, and then wrap the strips around a cardboard paper towel roll. Dab with some water to seal the edges. Place the chocolate ribbon at the top of the wreath in a bow shape, then serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups flour, plus more for dusting, 4 eggs, 1 13 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons lemon zest, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 12 sticks 1 14 cups butter, melted, 12 teaspoon green gel food coloring, plus more if needed, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 34 cup confectioners sugar, plus more for garnish, 12 cup sour cherries packed in syrup, chopped, plus 6 tablespoons syrup, 1 teaspoon kirsch, optional, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, Maraschino cherries, for decorating, Red modeling chocolate, for decorating], title: Madeleine Wreath with Sour Cherry Mousse, picturelink: d3nA8yJ88OC9CBUpXJPcryaMiRg.i5O}, 14681: {instructions: In a medium pot, stir together the rice, 1 12 cans coconut milk reserve remaining coconut milk for Round 2 Recipe Coconut Chicken Soup, sugar, and lime peel. Put the pot over medium heat, bring it to a simmer, and cover. Cook until the pudding becomes very thick, 20 to 25 minutes.nWhile the pudding is cooking, toast the shredded coconut in a dry skillet over medium heat until golden brown.nAfter the pudding has cooled 10 minutes, stir in the vanilla. Serve the rice pudding topped with diced mango and sprinkled with toasted coconut., ingredients: [Reserved cooked rice from Basil Chicken recips, 2 14ounce cans coconut milk, divided, 13 cup packed brown sugar, 1 lime, peeled in strips, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 mango, diced, 14 cup sweetened shredded coconut], title: Rice Pudding with Coconut Milk, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 14682: {instructions: Toast the almonds in a heavy skillet over medium heat until they are golden and very aromatic, 5 to 6 minutes. Roughly chop them and set aside.nPut the lentils in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water. Place over mediumhigh heat, bring to a boil and cook until they are just barely tender and still quite red, about 2 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water to halt the cooking process. Shake out all excess water, and then put the lentils into a large bowl.nPour the oil into a skillet and, when it is hot, add the ginger and garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the garam masala, cumin, mustard, cardamom and coriander seeds and cook for 1 minute. Add the lime juice, and then pour over the lentils. Then add the carrots, radishes, red peppers, cilantro and mint. Season with salt and pepper and toss well to combine.nLine a serving platter with overlapping lettuce leaves. Mound the lentil salad over them. Sprinkle with toasted almonds and serve., ingredients: [12 cup whole almonds, 1 cup dried red lentils, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 teaspoons minced ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons garam masala, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon black mustard seeds, 14 teaspoon cardamom seeds, A pinch coriander seeds, Juice of 1 lime, 1 cup grated carrot, 1 cup grated radish, 12 cup finely chopped red pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, A pinch salt and pepper, 8 Boston lettuce leaves], title: Red Lentil Salad, picturelink: null}, 14683: {instructions: Place the flours, salt, eggs, and half of the olive oil in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade or an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook. Mix or process until the dough forms a ball. Turn the dough out into a clean bowl and cover with a damp towel, Let it rest at room temperature for at least 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nUsing a pasta machine or a rolling pin, roll out the dough until it is very thin, like lasagna number 1 on the pasta machine or as thin as possible without tearing. You should have approximately 6 sheets, about 6 by 10inches each.nPlace the dough on baking sheets and brush very lightly with the remaining olive oil. Sprinkle lightly with the salt, thyme, and onion. Bake the matzoh for about 10 minutes, or until golden brown and crispy., ingredients: [1 12 cups semolina flour, finest grind, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 eggs, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup finely chopped onion], title: My Not Kosher Matzoh, picturelink: null}, 14684: {instructions: For the panzanella: Heat a grill or grill pan. Toss the zucchini, tomatoes, and onions gently with olive oil and salt and grill until cooked through. Flip halfway through cooking.nToss the bread cubes with vinegar, garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil, a sprinkle of water, and salt.nChop the grilled vegetables and add to the bread mixture. Toss gently together and season with salt, to taste.nFor the blossoms: Heat the oil to 375 degrees F.nWhisk together the cake flour, baking powder, pinch salt, and club soda.nSpoon the goat cheese into a piping bag and cut a hole in the bag. Gently fill each zucchini blossom with goat cheese.nDip each blossom into the batter and then carefully place into the hot oil. Cook until lightly puffed and golden. Remove the blossoms from the oil and drain on a paper towel. Season with salt immediately.nFry the basil leaves until just crisped. Set aside.nFor the salad: Toss the arugula with the oil, salt, and a splash of vinegar. Divide the arugula among 4 plates. Mold the panzanella into a ring mold and place on a plate. Repeat with remaining plates. Top each panzanella portion with 1 fried blossom. Drizzle with olive oil to finish and top each plate with a fried basil leaf., ingredients: [1 zucchini, sliced lengthwise into 14inch thick slices, 3 plum tomatoes, halved, 1 red onion, cut into 14inch thick rings, Olive oil, Kosher salt, 12 loaf rustic white bread, crusts removed, cut into bitesize cubes, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 12 cloves garlic, smashed and minced, Canola oil, 1 cup cake flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, Kosher salt, 12 cup club soda, 12 cup goat cheese, 4 zucchini blossoms, 4 fresh basil leaves, 2 cups baby arugula, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt, Red wine vinegar], title: Fried Zucchini Blossoms with Grilled Vegetable Panzanella and Baby Arugula Salad, picturelink: p1XvZVPr649eN1cEJhjpNCCYGLjqwyy}, 14685: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 12cup muffin tin with cooking spray.nIn a food processor, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Pulse in all of the peanut butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the milk, egg, and butter and pulse until combined.nDistribute half of the batter equally among the muffin cups. Drop a teaspoon of jam into each cup and cover with the remaining batter. Top with the chopped peanuts. Bake until the muffins are light golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer them to a wire rack to cool. Serve warm or allow to cool completely. Spread compound butter ontop. Store in an airtight container. The muffins will keep for 1 to 2 days.nCombine ingredients together and chill until set., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup plus 1 teaspoon creamy peanut butter, 1 cup milk, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 14 cup thick jam, such as seedless raspberry, 13 cup honeyroasted peanuts, chopped, Compound butter, recipe follows, 1 stick butter, room temperature, 5 tablespoons of your favorite fruit preserve], title: PB and J Muffins, picturelink: null}, 14686: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cream butter and sugar. Beat in eggs. Dissolve soda in milk and add. Add vanilla. Fold in flour and salt slowly. Chill dough for half an hour. Roll to around 18 to 116inch thick. Dip cookie cutter in flour before each cutting. Bake for 8 minutes. Cool and frost.nBlend butter and sugar. Add the vanilla and then the milk a little at a time until you have a stiff mixture to be used for decorating. To use as frosting, add a few more drops of milk and spread over cookie with a knife., ingredients: [23 cup butter, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 eggs, 14 cup milk, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 cups allpurpose flour, Decorating Frosting, recipe follows, 2 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 teaspoon butter melted, 12 teaspoon vanilla, Milk or cream to moisten], title: Cookie Cutter Roll Cookies, picturelink: null}, 14687: {instructions: In a large, heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat, add 1 tablespoon oil. Add the chicken, season lightly with salt and pepper, and brown on both sides, about 7 minutes, working in batches if necessary. Remove the chicken to a plate. Add the remaining tablespoon of oil and the onions, peppers, and celery, and cook until the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, Cajun seasoning, cayenne, salt and pepper, and give it a stir. Stir in the rice. Add the chicken back to the pot, along with the broth and tomatoes, and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, cover, and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 30 minutes. Reserve 3 cups rice mixture for another use, such as Round 2 Recipe Cajun Quesadillas and Online Round 2 Recipe Cajun Red Bean and Rice Soup. Serve, garnished with parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, divided, 1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into bitesize pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cups long grain rice, 3 cups chicken broth, One 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, with juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Chicken Jambalaya, picturelink: eTbAJn1lPxFCausCFy8DUMtJJRl4uC}, 14688: {instructions: Heat a large pan or griddle with the oil to medium heat. Put the tortillas in the pan in batches if need be and place a slice of Swiss on each. Spread about 12 tablespoon of the mustard over the top of each cheese slice. Stack half of the tortillas with 4 ounces of pulled pork followed by 2 slices of ham. Add 4 pickle slices on top of the ham, then top with a second tortilla with just the cheese to make a sandwich. Press the sandwiches lightly and allow the cheese to melt, making sure that the tortillas are nice and crispy.nSlice the sandwiches in half and serve., ingredients: [13 cup grapeseed oil, 8 flour tortillas, 8 slices Swiss cheese, 14 cup wholegrain mustard, 1 pound pulled pork, warmed, 8 slices deli ham, warmed, 16 thin pickle slices], title: Cubano Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 14689: {instructions: Blanquette: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Season rear legs with salt and pepper, dust with superfine flour. Lightly brown in butter. In a large rondeau over medium heat, lightly brown bones, all vegetables and aromatics and sweat slowly. Place rabbit legs on top of vegetables and deglaze with Riesling. Bring to a slow simmer and reduce until all of the liquid has nearly evaporated. Add the chicken stock 23 of the way up the meat. Cover and braise in oven until tender, approximately 45 minutes to 1 hour and 15 minutes.nSpaetzle: In a small mixer, blend egg yolks, flour, fromage blanc, nutmeg and salt and pepper. Whisk slowly to form a paste. Whisk in milk slowly until mixture is slightly heavier than a pancake batter. Pass through a small colander into the boiling water until the spaetzle comes to the surface. Remove spaetzle to a baking sheet lined with a paper towel. Once spaetzle is dry, heat vegetable oil in a saute pan until hot. Add the spetzele and cook until crisp. Remove spaetzle from pan onto a paper towel lined baking sheet. Drizzle with white truffle oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper., ingredients: [8 Rabbit rear legs, Salt, Pepper, 1 cup superfine flour, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 rabbit bones, 1 carrot, 1 onion, 1 celery stalk, 2 heads garlic, 15 juniper berries, 10 peppercorns, 10 branches thyme, 10 branches rosemary, 1 bottle Riesling, 1 quart chicken stock, 3 egg yolks, 12 cup flour, 3 ounces fromage blanc, Pinch nutmeg, Salt, Pepper, 1 cup milk, 12 gallon boiling, salted water, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, White truffle oil], title: Fricasse of Rabbit with Reisling, picturelink: null}, 14690: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. In an ovenproof platter or casserole, spread the black beans in a 14 inchnlayer. Spread the chipotle salsa over the beans. Place under the broiler just to heat through, about 6 minutes. Stand the tortilla chips, points up, in the beans. Using a plastic squeeze bottle, pastry bag or the tines of a fork, drizzle the crema, creme fraiche or sour cream over the chips. Sprinkle with the anejo cheese and return to the broiler for 3 to 5 minutes, until the cheese melts. Serve hot.nIn medium sized saucepan combine all ingredients. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, uncovered, about 20 minutes. The liquid should be reduced by onethird and the tomato skins should be falling off. Set aside to cool. Once cool, pour mixture into a blender or food processor fitted with a metal blade. Puree until smooth and then pass through a strainer. Serve chilled. Chipotle salsa can be stored in the refrigerator up to 5 days., ingredients: [3 cups refried black beans or good quality canned refried beans, 34 cup chipotles salsa, recipe follows, 8 ounces tortilla chips, 1 cup crema, creme fraiche or sour cream, 1 cup grated anejo cheese, 4 ounces dried chipotle chiles, about 25  30, or 3 cups canned chipotle chiles, stemmed, 8 ripe Italian Roma tomatoes, cored, 12 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 quarts water, 2 tablespoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Eulalias Chips, picturelink: null}, 14691: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Generously grease a large 10inch Bundt pan with butter and set aside.nSift together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl and set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream together the butter, sugar and vegetable shortening until light and fluffy. In a large liquid measuring cup, combine the milk, vanilla, eggs and almond extract if using. Stir to combine. Add the flour mixture and milk mixture to the butter mixture, alternating between the dry and wet ingredients in three parts, starting and ending with the dry. Fill the prepared pan with the batter.nBake for 15 minutes. Increase the oven temperature to 325 degrees F and bake until the cake is warm golden brown and pulls away from the sides of the pan, or a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, an additional 45 minutes. Remove to a rack to cool for 10 minutes. Invert the cake onto a rack to cool completely, at least 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the Bundt pan, 3 cups cake flour not selfrising or allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 3 cups sugar, 12 cup vegetable shortening, at room temperature, 1 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 5 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon almond extract, optional], title: Classic Pound Cake, picturelink: HNjronHyJwYhUQR8CvyrKk.hlJeyC}, 14692: {instructions: Heat your grill to high.nPlace the shrimp in a large bowl. Toss the shrimp with the oil and season with the salt and pepper.nPlace the shrimp on the grates of the grill in an even layer and grill until golden brown and slightly charred, 1 12 to 2 minutes. Turn the shrimp over and continue grilling until just cooked through, 45 seconds to 1 minute longer. Remove the shrimp to a platter., ingredients: [1 pound large shrimp 21 to 24, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper], title: Perfectly Grilled Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 14693: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a saucepan over medium heat, add the thawed cherries with their liquid,n1 tablespoon of sugar, the lemon juice and cinnamon. Bring to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and reserve 2 tablespoons of juice for the Venice Sunset Cocktail.nIn a cast iron skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat until it reaches 350 degrees F.nWhile the oil is heating, make the batter: In a large bowl, whisk together the baking mix and remaining 14 cup of sugar. In another bowl, whisk together the milk and egg. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and mix until completely incorporated.nWhen the oil is hot, carefully drop the batter, by the tablespoonful, into the oil. Fry, turning them once, until they are golden brown, about 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Drain on a sheet tray lined with paper towels or a brown paper bag while you repeat with the remaining batter. Lightly coat the donuts with powdered sugar.nServe the donuts in small bowls over the cherry sauce.nIn the bowl combine the flour, baking powder and salt. Cut in shortening with a pastry cutter or fork until the mixture is well blended. Use in recipes that call for Bisquick or allpurpose mix., ingredients: [1 12ounce package frozen cherries, thawed, liquid reserved, 14 cup sugar, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups canola oil, for frying, 2 cups AllPurpose Baking Mix, recipe follows, 12 cup milk, 1 large egg, 12 cup powdered sugar, 6 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 34 cup shortening], title: Italian Donuts with Cherry Sauce, picturelink: guRQ1aQcEzDz4hS9MeIJEkyUDE1aEi}, 14694: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, vinegar, mustard and honey in a large bowl. Add the onion, olives, peppers, parsley and oregano toss, and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nSlice the bread in half and pull some of interior from the top half. Spread some of the olive salad on each half. You will probably have some salad left it holds well in the refrigerator.nLayer the meat and cheese on the bottom half, alternating layers of each meat with thin layers of cheese. Cover with the top half, press gently, slice, and serve., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 red onion, diced, 2 cups each pitted picholine and cerignola olives, coarsely chopped, 1 cup roughly chopped piquillo peppers, 1 bunch flatleaf parsley, leaves roughly chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh oregano leaves, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 muffaletta or small round Italian loaf, 2 ounces each thinly sliced Genoa salami, hot soppresata, Salchicon de vic or other dry salami, and serrano ham, 2 ounces thinly sliced aged Manchego cheese], title: Muffaletta, picturelink: 5KJMPF4Xsuo1TtOmskeUXOF7tgpGuIq}, 14695: {instructions: To make the dough: Stir the water, oil, and sugar in a liquid measuring cup until the sugar dissolves. Sprinkle the yeast over the surface over the liquid and set aside without stirring until foamy, about 5 minutes.nWhisk flour, cornmeal, and salt in a large bowl, make a well in the center, and add yeast mixture. With a wooden spoon or your hand, gradually stir flour into liquid to make a rough dough. Pull dough together into a ball. Turn onto a work surface dusted with flour. Knead until dough is smooth and elastic, about 5 to 6 minutes, using a little flour if necessary to keep it from sticking. Shape dough into a ball.nBrush a large bowl with oil and turn dough around in bowl to coat lightly. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap, trace a circle the size of the dough on the plastic, and note the time  let rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Turn dough onto a work surface knead briefly to release excess air, reshape into a ball and return to the bowl. Cover, and let rise until soft and puffy, about 45 minutes.nMeanwhile prepare your topping: Grate the tomatoes on the large holes of a box grater into a large bowl. If very juicy, drain lightly in a strainer. Sprinkle the garlic with the salt and mash and smear the garlic into a paste with the side of a chefs knife. Add to the drained tomatoes. Whisk in the olive oil and season with the salt and pepper to taste.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nDivide dough in half. Form dough into rounds see Howto pictures. Press dough into cornmeal, flipping to dust both sides. Hold dough up like a steering wheel and rotate and stretch it to make a thin disk. Lightly brush a pizza screen or crisper with oil and place round on top. Spread half the tomato over the top and bake until crust is golden and crisp, about 15 minutes. Remove pizza from the oven and drop spoonfuls of ricotta on top. Scatter the fresh herbs and serve. Repeat with remaining pizza., ingredients: [1 cup warm water about 110 degrees F, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus additional as needed, 2 teaspoons sugar 14 ounce, 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast 14 ounce package, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for kneading 11 38 ounces, 12 cup white or yellow cornmeal, plus additional for forming 2 38 ounces, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt 18 ounce, 4 medium ripe yellow or red tomatoes about 2 pounds, 3 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups fresh ricotta cheese, at room temperature, 5 to 6 sprigs fresh basil, oregano or parsley or a mix, leaves stripped and torn], title: Ricotta and Tomato Pizzas, picturelink: vTkhfFXiCNOQokEBk0xQphZ5vz30J5.}, 14696: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nAdd the chicken, bell peppers, zucchini and onions to a large baking sheet. Drizzle the oil and seasoning blend over the mixture and stir to coat. Bake uncovered until the chicken is cooked through, 20 to 25 minutes.nTo assemble, split the fajita mixture, sweet potatoes and greens in that order among four mason jars. These jars will keep for 3 to 5 days. Place the avocado, cheese, cilantro, lime juice and sour cream if using on top of the greens the morning of., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts about 1 12 pounds, 2 red bell peppers, sliced 2 zucchini, sliced, 1 yellow onion, sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon fajita seasoning blend no added sodium, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 medium roasted sweet potatoes, diced, 3 cups greens of choice, such as spring mix, Serving suggestions: avocado, cheese, cilantro, lime juice and sour cream, optional], title: Southwestern Chicken Fajita Mason Jar Salad, picturelink: d.50.dYGTP3o3kQN4OT76TT3g7lwJO}, 14697: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the chicken breasts on a sheet pan skin side up. Rub the chicken with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast for 35 to 40 minutes, until cooked through. Cool slightly, discard the skin and bones, and slice the meat thickly. Set aside.nMeanwhile, place the pancetta on another sheet pan in a single layer. Roast for 10 to 15 minutes, until crisp. Set aside to drain on paper towels.nPlace the garlic and parsley in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade and process until minced. Add the anchovy paste, mustard, lemon juice, and mayonnaise and process again to make a smooth dressing. Refrigerate the Caesar dressing if not using it immediately.nSlice the ciabatta in half horizontally and separate the top from the bottom. Toast the bread in the oven, cut side up, for 5 to 7 minutes cool slightly. Spread the cut sides of each piece with the Caesar dressing. Place half the arugula on the bottom piece of bread and then layer in order: the sundried tomatoes, shaved Parmesan, crispy pancetta, and sliced chicken. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and finish with another layer of arugula. Place the top slice of ciabatta on top and cut in thirds crosswise. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 split 1 whole chicken breasts, bone in, skin on, Good olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, 1 large garlic clove, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 12 teaspoons anchovy paste, 1 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 12 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup good mayonnaise, 1 large ciabatta bread, 2 ounces baby arugula, washed and spun dry, 12 sundried tomatoes, in oil, 2 to 3 ounces Parmesan, shaved], title: Caesar Club Sandwich, picturelink: O2usQGqfw9txzPEcKFTKNLkSsjIHy}, 14698: {instructions: 1. Smash the garlic cloves, sprinkle with a pinch of salt, and with the flat side of a large knife, mash and smear the mixture to a coarse paste. Mix paste in bowl with the olive oil ancho powder, cocoa, cumin, and cinnamon. Rub the spice mixture all over the steaks and set aside for 15 minutes.n2. Preheat a grill to high and oil the grate. Lay the steaks on the hottest part of the grill and cook until charred, about 4 minutes. Turn and grill the other side until charred, about 4 minutes more for mediumrare. Transfer steaks to a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes.n3. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a medium skillet and add the corn. Cook, shaking and stirring until the corn chars and butter smells nutty, about 5 minutes. Stir in the cilantro and season with salt and pepper. Serve steaks with the corn., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for grill grate, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Four 10ounce boneless strip steaks about 1inch thick, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups fresh or thawed frozen corn kernels, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, Freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Mexican Mole Rubbed Steaks with Charred Corn, picturelink: null}, 14699: {instructions: Cut the carrots diagonally in 1inchthick slices. You should have about 5 cups of carrots. Place 12 cup water, the butter, honey, 2 teaspoons of salt, and the ginger in a large saute pan and bring to a boil. Add the carrots, cover the pan, and simmer over mediumlow heat for 5 minutes. Remove the lid and continue to cook for about 20 minutes, or until all the water has evaporated. You may want to raise the heat for the last 5 minutes.nAdd the orange zest and orange juice to the pan, tossing with the carrots. Simmer uncovered for about 5 minutes, until the carrots are al dente tender but still resistant when you bite and the sauce glazes the carrots. Add the pepper and another teaspoon of salt, to taste., ingredients: [3 bunches carrots, peeled, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons honey, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: OrangeHoney Glazed Carrots, picturelink: d4QfX8a4RYQINDjfqvLDGEAs.UhD09e}}