{1200: {instructions: Stuffing: In large a rondeau or heavy bottomed pot over mediumlow heat, add butter and olive oil, then sweat onion, celery and garlic until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add sausage, and allow it to cook through, stirring often. Add spinach and toasted croutons. Mix well then add chicken stock, cream and parsley. Cook until thickens. Add cheese and season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Allow stuffing to cool.nPork Chops: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nMake a 1inch incision with a knife right next to the bone of the pork chop. Work the knife inside the pork chop to make a pocket for the stuffing. With a piping tool or simply with your hands, stuff the pork chop with the stuffing mixture until the pocket is packed well. Season the pork chop with salt and black pepper. Heat a large skillet and add oil. Sear both sides, about 1 minute. Place skillet in oven to roast for about 10 to 12 minutes, turning chops over half way through so as not to burn. Cook pork chop to medium, and the internal temperature registers 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Anything more than medium may dry out the chop., ingredients: [8 ounces unsalted butter, 2 ounces extravirgin olive oil, plus more for searing, 1 Vidalia onion, thin julienne, 1 cup diced celery, 4 cloves garlic, split in 12 and sliced paper thin, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, removed from casing, 8 ounces baby spinach, 12 cup croutons, 3 cups chicken stock, 3 ounces heavy cream, 12 bunch flatleaf Italian parsley, chopped, 1 12 cups grated ParmigianoReggiano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 8ounce bonein center cut pork chops, frenched, marinated in extravirgin olive oil, sliced shallots and Italian herbs], title: Italian Sausage Stuffed Pork Chop, picturelink: null}, 1201: {instructions: Place 1 12 pints of ice cream, malt powder, and 4 ounces chocolate sauce in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour shakes into 2 tall glasses, leaving a little room at the top. Place an extra scoop of ice cream on top of each shake and drizzle the remaining 2 ounces chocolate sauce over. Garnish with a large dollop of whipped cream and some chocolate shavings. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pints goodquality vanilla ice cream, slightly softened recommended: HaagenDazs, 3 to 4 tablespoons malt powder, 6 ounces chocolate sauce, divided, Whipped cream, for garnish, Shaved bittersweet chocolate, for garnish], title: Malted Black and White Milkshakes, picturelink: null}, 1202: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the mascarpone in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade and pulse until smooth. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula and add the Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, tomato paste, ketchup, horseradish, lemon zest and juice, salt and celery seeds. Process, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed, until the dip is smooth, about 1 minute.nTransfer the dip to a serving bowl and serve with celery sticks for dipping., ingredients: [8 ounces mascarpone, at room temperature, 34 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, liquid squeezed out, Zest of 1 lemon plus 1 teaspoon juice, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon celery seeds, 1 head celery, cut into 4inch sticks], title: Bloody Mary Dip, picturelink: xFZK95KntynCTuXEntsZSre0WqrCsH6}, 1203: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBegin by soaking the raisins. Pour hot water over raisins and add rum, sugar, and lemon juice. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside while you prepare the rest of the dish u2014 let rest for at least 45 minutesnSplit pears down the middle retaining stem and skin. Using a melon baller, remove the cores. Add brown sugar and butter to a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat until just melted. Add lemon juice and pears, cut side down, to pan then baste with metled butter and sugar. Pop into the oven for 15 to 17 minutes until pears are tender. When done remove from oven and baste once more.nWhisk mascarpone cream gently to loosen it up. Strain raisins and gently fold into the cream. Serve pears on a plate topped with a scoop of mascarpone cream and drizzle with pear pan juices. Top with crumbled amaretto cookies., ingredients: [1 cup golden raisins, packed tightly, 12 cup rum, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 4 Bosc pears, 1 pint mascarpone, 1 cup light rum, 12 cup hot water, 1 cup sugar, packed, 1 cup golden raisins, packed tightly, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 4 amaretto cookies, crumbled], title: Caramelized Pears Withwith Rum Raisin Mascarpone, picturelink: null}, 1204: {instructions: Clean all vegetables and slice into fine julienne, 116 inch by 3 inches. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium high heat. Cook mushrooms until slightly colored. Add garlic, cook briefly, and reduce heat to moderate. Add leeks with cracked pepper and cook about a minute. Then add salt, turnip, carrot, zucchini, yellow squash, and snow peas. Cook until vegetables soften, about 3 minutes. Add tomatoes, tomato juice, lemon juice, and water. Bring to a boil and whisk in remaining tablespoon butter. Remove from heat and stir in Parmesan cheese. Meanwhile, bring a large stockpot of salted water to a boil. Cook vermicelli until al dente. Try to time it so that pasta is done just when vegetables are cooked. Drain, transfer to vegetable mixture, and toss to combine. Ladle into bowls and garnish with grated Parmesan and chives. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 pound brown, white, or oyster mushrooms, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 medium leek, white and light green parts, washed, 1 teaspoon cracked pepper, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 small turnip, peeled, 1 medium carrot, peeled, 1 small zucchini, with skin, 1 yellow crookneck squash, with skin, 14 pound Chinese snow peas, 1 tomato, peeled, seeded, and diced, 34 cup tomato juice, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 to 34 cup water, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 pound vermicelli, Grated Parmesan cheese and chopped fresh chives, for garnish], title: Vegetable Vermicelli, picturelink: null}, 1205: {instructions: Make the dough: Warm the milk in a medium saucepan over low heat until it reaches about 100. Remove from the heat and sprinkle in the yeast and 14 teaspoon sugar dont stir. Set aside until foamy, 5 minutes. Whisk in the melted butter, egg yolk and vanilla.nWhisk the flour, the remaining 14 cup sugar, the salt and nutmeg in the bowl of a stand mixer. Make a well in the center and pour in the yeast mixture. Mix on low speed with the dough hook until thick and slightly sticky. Knead on medium speed until the dough gathers around the hook, 6 minutes. Add up to 2 more tablespoons flour if necessary.nRemove the dough and shape into a ball. Butter the mixer bowl and return the dough to the bowl, turning to coat with butter. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise until doubled, 1 hour 15 minutes.nRoll out the dough, fill and cut into buns see Cooks Note. Butter a 9by13inch baking pan place the buns cutside down in the pan, leaving space between each. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise until doubled, 40 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325.nBake the buns until golden brown, about 35 minutes. Cool in the pan 15 minutes. Meanwhile, make the glaze: Sift the confectioners sugar into a bowl, then whisk in the cream and melted butter. Transfer the buns to a rack and spoon the glaze on top while still warm.nPhotograph by Ngoc Minh Ngo, ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, One 14ounce packet active dry yeast 2 12 teaspoons, 14 cup plus 14 teaspoon granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the bowl, 1 large egg yolk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more if needed, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Allpurpose floud, for dusting, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for the pan, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablesoons ground cinnamon, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 13 heavy cream, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: AlmostFamous Cinnamon Buns, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 1206: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSoak the dates in hot water for 30 minutes, then drain and dry.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and move a rack to the middle of the oven. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPlace the dates and bananas in a food processor. Blend until the consistency is a smooth paste. In a medium bowl, combine the bananadate mixture with the coconut and mix until fully incorporated. Using a spoon and your hands, lightly form 12 to 14 small balls, about 1inch in diameter. Place the balls onto the prepared baking sheet.nBake until golden brown on the bottom, 15 to 20 minutes, cool.nMicrowave the chocolate chips for 45 seconds, stirring halfway through. Dip the cooled macaroons in the chocolate and return to the baking sheet. Refrigerate until the chocolate hardens, serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [8 whole pitted dates, quartered, 34 cup sliced bananas about 1 medium banana, 1 cup lightly packed sweetened coconut flakes, 14 cup dark or bittersweet chocolate chips], title: GlutenFree Dark Chocolate Dipped Coconut Macaroons, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 1207: {instructions: For the shrimp broth: Put the shrimp shells, carrots, celery, onions, butter, salt, bay leaf and 10 cups water in a large pot. Bring to a boil for 5 minutes. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for about 45 minutes, making sure to skim off and discard any impurities that rise to the top. Strain the liquid, reserving 3 cups of the broth for the okra soup. Reserve the additional broth for another use.nFor the okra soup: Heat a large gumbo pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil, garlic, onions, green peppers and 1 tablespoon of the butter and saute until the vegetables soften. Next, add the corn, lima beans and Roma tomatoes and mix together. Add the canned diced tomatoes and reserved 3 cups shrimp broth, stir, cover, bring to a simmer and cook for about 20 minutes.nWhile the soup is simmering, melt the remaining tablespoon of butter in a medium skillet, add the reserved shrimp and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the shrimp begin to turn pink. Add the okra, ground ginger and lemon juice, stir to mix and then cook until the okra and shrimp are cooked through.nOnce the soup has simmered for 20 minutes, add the shrimp and okra mixture to the soup. Cover and cook for an additional 10 minutes. Stir the soup, then serve over rice or enjoy it without rice., ingredients: [2 cups medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, shrimp reserved for the okra soup, shells cleaned in cold water and reserved for the shrimp broth, 1 cup largechopped carrot, 1 cup largechopped celery, 1 cup largechopped onion, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 medium green bell pepper, chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups fresh or thawed frozen corn, 2 cups thawed frozen lima beans, 1 cup diced fresh Roma tomatoes, One 28ounce can diced tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 cups sliced fresh or thawed frozen okra, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, Juice of 12 lemon, Steamed rice, for serving, optional], title: Kardeas Okra Soup with Shrimp, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 1208: {instructions: Season salmon, if desired, with salt and ground black pepper. Broil or grill until salmon is done. Meanwhile, heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat in 12inch nonstick skillet and cook onion 5 minutes or until softened. Stir in lemon juice and bring to a boil. Stir in Sauce, peas and parsley and simmer 5 minutes. To serve, arrange salmon over hot vermicelli and top with sauce. Garnish, if desired, with additional chopped fresh parsley and finely grated lemon peel., ingredients: [1 Tbsp. olive oil, 1 cup chopped sweet onion, 2 Tbsp. lemon juice, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Alfredo Sauce, 1 cup frozen green peas, partially thawed, 8 ounces vermicelli or spaghetti, cooked and drained, 4 salmon or halibut fillets about 1lb], title: Salmon With Creamy Alfredo Sauce, picturelink: M5nMTqbOTWFu3.smlQFOtnez7UxRhKG}, 1209: {instructions: Make the dough: Put 1 12 cups warm water 110 degrees F to 115 degrees F in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook attachment. Sprinkle the yeast over the water and let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. Whisk the flour, sugar and 1 teaspoon salt in a separate bowl, then add to the yeast mixture along with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Mix on low speed until the dough starts to come together, about 1 minute. Increase the speed to medium low and mix until the dough starts to look smooth, about 1 minute. Increase the speed to medium and mix until the dough is smooth and elastic, 4 to 6 more minutes it should stretch 3 inches without breaking. Transfer to an oiled bowl and cover with a damp towel or plastic wrap. Let rise in the refrigerator overnight.nLightly press down on the dough, then divide into 6 balls. Put on a baking sheet, cover and refrigerate until ready to grill.nMeanwhile, make the toppings: Heat the olive oil in a pot over mediumlow heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook 3 to 5 minutes. Crush the tomatoes into the pot with your hands add the juices. Rinse the can with 1 cup water and add to the pot. Add a handful of basil and season with salt and pepper. Increase the heat to medium and simmer until thickened, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool slightly.nPreheat one side of a grill to high and the other to medium. Brush 2 baking sheets with olive oil stretch each dough ball into a thin oval about 8 by 11 inches on the sheets. Brush the tops of the dough with more oil.nWorking in batches, grill the dough over high heat until bubbly on top and marked on the bottom, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip the dough onto the cooler side of the grill. Quickly top each crust with tomato sauce and mozzarella and cover until the cheese melts, about 2 minutes. Transfer the pizzas to a cutting board sprinkle with the Parmesan and remaining basil., ingredients: [1 14ounce packet active dry yeast, 5 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the bowl, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 1 28ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes, 1 bunch fresh basil, leaves torn, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound fresh mozzarella cheese, thinly, 12 cup shredded Parmesan cheese], title: Grilled Pizzas, picturelink: jinVTvilmJSzYfv6Lc2zzrgEfSejOFe}, 1210: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the grits in a large bowl, fill with water and stir. Let the grits stand for about 5 minutes for the bran to rise to the surface pour off the bran and excess water and set aside.nBring the stock and halfandhalf to a boil, over high heat, in a medium heavybottomed pan and slowly whisk in the grits. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook, stirring often, until thick and creamy, about 45 minutes. If the grits get too thick, stir in additional hot stock or water to loosen and thin.nAdd the Gruyere and the bacon drippings, if using, and stir until the cheese melts. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup stoneground white corn grits, 2 cups chicken stock, plus more if necessary, 2 cups halfandhalf, 1 cup grated Gruyere, 1 to 2 tablespoons bacon drippings, optional, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: StoneGround Grits with Gruyere, picturelink: chq88WEaMl6MqAWiMILiBgV7Gf6}, 1211: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees.nSift flour three times. Sift again with 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. In an electric mixing machine, making sure bowl is clean and free of any oil, beat egg whites until frothy. Add salt, cream of tartar. Beat until it barely holds soft peaks. Beat in remaining 34 cup sugar, a little at a time, until it holds stiff peaks. Fold in extracts.nSift 14 flour mixture over whites and gently but thoroughly fold it in. Sift and fold in remaining flour, in the same manner, 14 at a time. Spoon or pour batter into a very clean, ungreased tube pan. Rap it on the counter to eliminate gaps. Bake for 1 hour 15 minutes or until cake springs back when touched. Invert pan over bottle to cool. Cool completely before inserting sharp knife around edges of pan to loosen. Rap bottom of pan firmly on counter. Invert onto plate. Serve with Passion Fruit Coulis recipe follows.nRecommended Wine: 1992 Beringer Feinders Reserve NightengalenIn a small sauce pan add both ingredients. Bring to a boil, lower heat to medium, cook until thickened, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat.nIf using pulp, strain through a fine sieve. Serve with plain cake., ingredients: [1 cup cake flour, 1 12 cups plus 1 tablespoon sugar processed in food processor until superfine, 1 34 cups egg whites about 13 at room temperature, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 5 whole passion fruit, halved, pulp and juice scooped out or 1 cup unsweetened passion fruit juice, 1 cup sugar], title: Angel Food Cake, picturelink: null}, 1212: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nArrange the tomatoes, cutside up, in a single layer on a parchment or foillined baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt. Bake until slightly shriveled but still plump, about 5 hours. Layer them with the herb sprigs in a container, add olive oil to cover, seal tightly and refrigerate for up to 2 weeks.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBrush both sides of the bread slices with some of the flavored olive oil and place on a baking sheet. Bake until golden, about 7 minutes, turning once about halfway through. While the toasts are hot, rub both sides with the whole garlic clove, placing them back on the baking sheet as you work. Leave the oven on.nPut a tomato and a small slice of cheese on each toast  its yummy either with the tomato on the cheese or with the cheese on top. Bake just until cheese starts to melt, about 3 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, cored and halved lengthwise, Kosher salt, Fresh herb sprigs, such as thyme, rosemary or sage, About 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 baguette, cut into 24 13inchthick slices, 1 clove garlic, 6 to 8 ounces various sliced cheeses, such as goat cheese, Gorgonzola, mozzarella, Comte, Gouda or Camembert], title: Mixed Grilled Cheese and Oven Dried Tomato Crostini, picturelink: null}, 1213: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nBring water, salt, and oil to boil over high heat Add pasta, bring back to a boil and cook until al dente, 8 to 9 minutes. Drain pasta and rinse with cold water to stop the cooking process.nIn a large bowl, mix together eggs, evaporated milk, melted butter and salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in 34 of the cheese and add the pasta. Spray an 8 by 8inch baking pan with nonstick spray and add the pasta mixture. Top with remaining cheese and dust with paprika.nBake until the cheese is golden and bubbly, about 30 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 cups uncooked elbow macaroni, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups evaporated milk, 12 stick butter, melted, Freshly ground black pepper, 16 ounces shredded sharp Cheddar, Dust with paprika], title: Wilsons Own Mac n Cheese, picturelink: 85oEr5X8ryM7TBYfSdcrKMyhqlLpxq}, 1214: {instructions: Add all ingredients to a highball glass filled with ice and stir. Garnish with a grapefruit wedge., ingredients: [2 parts pink grapefruit juice, 1 part vanilla vodka recommended: Stoli, 1 part Campari, 1 part club soda, Grapefruit wedge, for garnish], title: Take Me Away, picturelink: 7eqnxr30HVZbK0LAQ.L0xzdimygf.}, 1215: {instructions: Shuck the oyster and add to a shot glass. Top with the Spicy Cocktail Sauce, add the horseradish, lemon juice, black pepper and pepper vodka. Stir together and shootnWhisk the ketchup, horseradish, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce and lemon juice together in a stainless steel bowl. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 oyster, 1 teaspoon Spicy Cocktail Sauce, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon horseradish, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 pinch black pepper, 1 shot pepper vodka, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup horseradish, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Texas Pete, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Salt and pepper], title: Oyster Shooter, picturelink: Fjy2AmaDCpYchvvxqfXnNv0DQ.kivPq}, 1216: {instructions: Make the soup: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a Dutch oven or heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, garlic and 1 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is soft, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth, 3 cups water, the potato and the parmesan rind. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and add to the pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the chicken is cooked through, about 15 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate using tongs and let cool.nMeanwhile, make the croutons: Combine the mayonnaise, grated parmesan, lemon juice, anchovies, hot sauce, garlic, a few grinds of pepper and 1 tablespoon water in a blender or food processor puree until smooth.nCut the baguette in half lengthwise, then slice into 12inchthick pieces. Arrange on a baking sheet and brush with the mayonnaise mixture, reserving 2 tablespoons for topping. Sprinkle with the parsley, lemon zest and more parmesan bake until golden, about 10 minutes.nAdd the lettuce and heavy cream to the pot and cook until the lettuce is tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Discard the parmesan rind. Transfer the soup to a blender and puree until smooth. Return to the pot and season with salt and pepper. Shred the chicken and add it to the soup heat through over medium heat. Divide among bowls, drizzle with the reserved mayonnaise mixture and top with the croutons and more pepper.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [For the soup:, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 russet potato, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 large piece parmesan cheese rind, 2 large skinless, boneless chicken breasts about 1 pound, Freshly ground pepper, 2 romaine lettuce hearts, chopped, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Chicken Caesar Soup, picturelink: cs2ukRJH4c6ixTnwpmOCX9VdBR5oA6u}, 1217: {instructions: Preheat the grill on mediumhigh heat.nHeat a large skillet over high heat. Once hot, add the oil, carrot, onion and celery. Stir to blend and season with salt. Cook until the vegetables become tender and slightly caramelized, 1012 minutes. Transfer the vegetables to a bowl and refrigerate to cool them down.nIn another bowl, mix the ground brisket with the mayonnaise. Season with salt to taste. Mix in the vegetables. Form the meat into eight even patties that are about 34 inch thick.nPlace the hamburgers on the hottest part of the grill and cook, undisturbed, for about 2 minutes. Turn them a quarter turn and cook for 2 more minutes. Use a metal spatula to flip them on their second side and cook for an additional 2 minutes for rare to medium rare. Toast the bun halves on the coolest part of the grill. Butter each one. In the last 2 minutes of cooking, add the cheese on top of each burger to allow it to melt as the burgers finish cooking. Place a hamburger on a bottom bun half and top with some red cabbage slaw see recipe below. Top with a bun top and serve immediately.nIn a large bowl, combine the cabbage and minced Jalapeno with the dill pickle and dill pickle juice. Toss to blend. In a separate bowl, whisk together the sour cream and cider vinegar with the salt, sugar and black pepper. Pour the sour cream mixture over the cabbage and toss to blend. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 carrot, peeled and chopped, 1 medium red onion, peeled and chopped, 2 stalks celery, peeled and chopped, Kosher salt, 1 4pound piece of brisket, ground with a medium size hole on the grinder, 12 cup prepared mayonnaise, 12 cup toasted bread crumbs, 4 seeded hamburger rolls, halved, 2 tablespoon lightly salted butter, 8 ounces sharp cheddar cheese, cut into thin slices, Red Cabbage Slaw, for serving, optional, recipe follows, 4 cups shredded red cabbage, 2 tablespoons seeded and minced jalapeno pepper, 12cup thinly sliced dill pickle rounds, 1 tablespoon pickle juice, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon black pepper], title: Cheese Burgers, picturelink: OON8hYFLjQCyqYk7TGhDCPRwA3j20VK}, 1218: {instructions: Cook the beets: Using a pot large enough to hold all of the beets, fill it 34 of the way with cold water and add the beets. Season the water generously with salt. Bring the liquid to a gentle simmer over low heat. When the beets are tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, drain the water and allow them to cool for about 10 minutes. Peel them by wiping the skin off with a kitchen towel. Trim the tough parts of the tops and bottoms with a small knife and cut each beet into sections like pieces of an orange.nMake the dressing: In a medium bowl, combine the cider vinegar, balsamic vinegar, brown sugar and sea salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the beets. Put the bowl in the refrigerator and allow the beets to marinate for about 10 to 15 minutes.nWhen ready to serve, add the olive oil, ginger and parsley leaves. Toss to coat the beets. Use a scissors to snip the mint leaves over the salad and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds medium to small beets, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon dark brown sugar, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 25 to 30 parsley leaves, washed and dried, 20 to 30 small to mediumsize mint leaves, washed and dried], title: Roasted Beet and Ginger Salad, picturelink: null}, 1219: {instructions: For the brine: Combine all ingredients in a medium sized pot and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and let cool in the refrigerator. Place the pork chops in a glass or ceramic baking dish that will hold them comfortably in a single layer. Pour the brine over the chops and place in the refrigerator for 8 hours or overnight. Remove the pork chops from the brine and season well with salt and pepper. Grill or roast until desired doneness, approximately 12 minutes for medium. Remove the chops from the oven and keep in a warm place while you prepare the apples. In a large saute pan, heat the butter over high heat. When it starts to brown add the apples and saute, tossing, for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the molasses, cook for 1 minute and add the cider vinegar and reduce by half. Place a pork chop on each plate and top with some apples and the cooking juices., ingredients: [4 ounces sugar, 14 cup molasses, 2 ounces kosher salt, 2 quarts water, 14 cinnamon stick, 12 tablespoon coriander, 12 tablespoon whole black pepper, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, 2 whole cloves, 4 double cut pork chops ask your butcher, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 Granny Smith apples, sliced thin, 14 cup cider vinegar, 4 cups pork brine, Salt and pepper], title: Pork Chops with Molasses Glazed Apples, picturelink: null}, 1220: {instructions: In a 10inch skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onion, 1 sprig parsley, and the garlic. Cook, stirring, until the onion softens, about 5 minutes. Add the vinegar and let it completely evaporate. Add the tomatoes and their juices. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes. Remove the garlic and parsley sprig. Stir in the chopped parsley and basil. Break the eggs into the sauce, cover, and simmer 5 minutes. Remove from heat, let sit 5 minutes, then serve in individual bowls, allowing 1 egg per person., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, coarsely chopped, 1 whole sprig parsley, plus 1 sprig, chopped, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 16ounce can tomatoes, chopped, 3 basil leaves, finely chopped, 6 eggs], title: Eggs in Sauce: Uova in Brodetto, picturelink: null}, 1221: {instructions: Whisk 1 14 cups granulated sugar,14 cup light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons flour and 12 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Whisk 12 cup roomtemperature buttermilk, 4 roomtemperature eggs, 6 tablespoons cooled melted butter, the zest and juice of 1 lemon and 1 teaspoon vanilla in a separate bowl whisk in the sugar mixture. Pour into a 9inch graham cracker crust and bake at 350 degrees F until golden and just set, about 45 minutes let cool. Dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [], title: LemonButtermilk Pie, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 1222: {instructions: Make a ganache. In a nonreactive double boiler set over mediumlow heat, bring the cream, sugar, and butter to a boil. Meanwhile, chop the chocolate into small chunks  a serrated knife works best for this.nAdd the chocolate chunks to the cream mixture in the double boiler, whisking, until it is melted and incorporated into the cream. Finally, add the food coloring until it is the desired shade of green.nKeep mixture warm in a fondue pot near the door. Set out the fruit and the pretzels for dipping with long wooden skewers next to the fondue pot. Guests can dip their pretzels or fruit into the fondue and then roll them in the candy sprinkles, if desired., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 2 ounces sugar, 2 ounces butter, 2 pounds white chocolate, 6 to 12 drops green food coloring, 2 bags pretzels, Strawberries, , bananas,, pineapples,, apples for dipping, Candy corn, and Halloween shaped sprinkles], title: Green Chocolate Slimedoo, picturelink: null}, 1223: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBrush the tortillas with oil on both sides and season 1 side with salt, pepper and cumin. Place on a baking sheet and bake until lightly golden brown. When cool enough to handle, cut into eighths or break into chipsize pieces.nPreheat the grill to high. Grill the eggplant until soft, about 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool slightly, cut each in half, and remove the flesh and place it in the work bowl of a food processor. Add the remaining ingredients and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Scrape the mixture into a serving bowl, garnish with additional chopped cilantro, and serve with the baked tortilla chips., ingredients: [6 flour tortillas, 14 cup vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 medium eggplants, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper puree, 1 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons aged sherry vinegar, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish], title: Smoky Eggplant Dip with Baked Cumin Tortilla Chips, picturelink: 9.mUCcCjjQN53XLRM7lpWR0S29UZuWy}, 1224: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 200 degrees F.nTear the bread into pieces and place in a small mixing bowl along with the milk. Set aside.nIn a 12inch straight sided saute pan over medium heat, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter. Add the onion and a pinch of salt and sweat until the onions are soft. Remove from the heat and set aside.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, combine the bread and milk mixture, ground chuck, pork, egg yolks, 1 teaspoon of kosher salt, black pepper, allspice, nutmeg, and onions. Beat on medium speed for 1 to 2 minutes.nUsing a scale, weigh meatballs into 1ounce portions and place on a sheet pan. Using your hands, shape the meatballs into rounds.nHeat the remaining butter in the saute pan over mediumlow heat, or in an electric skillet set to 250 degrees F. Add the meatballs and saute until golden brown on all sides, about 7 to 10 minutes. Remove the meatballs to an ovenproof dish using a slotted spoon and place in the warmed oven.nOnce all of the meatballs are cooked, decrease the heat to low and add the flour to the pan or skillet. Whisk until lightly browned, approximately 1 to 2 minutes. Gradually add the beef stock and whisk until sauce begins to thicken. Add the cream and continue to cook until the gravy reaches the desired consistency. Remove the meatballs from the oven, cover with the gravy and serve., ingredients: [2 slices fresh white bread, 14 cup milk, 3 tablespoons clarified butter, divided, 12 cup finely chopped onion, A pinch plus 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 pound ground chuck, 34 pound ground pork, 2 large egg yolks, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups beef broth, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Swedish Meatballs, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 1225: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Rub the pork on all sides with 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper set aside.nHeat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven or heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and brown it on all sides, 5 to 10 minutes. Place the pork in the pot with the fat side facing up, and then pour in the tomatillo salsa and chicken broth.nBring the mixture to a simmer, cover the pot and transfer to the oven. Cook until the meat pulls apart easily and the internal temperature on an instant read thermometer reads 185 degrees F, about 3 hours. Use 2 forks to shred the pork into smaller pieces, then stir in the white beans and cilantro. Salt and pepper the shredded pork to taste.nIncrease the oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper set aside.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out the pizza dough to about 14 inch thick, 15 inches long and 9 inches wide, then cut into 3 long 3inchwide strips. Evenly spread 1 cup of the pork and bean mixture along the long edge of a dough strip. Sprinkle about 14 cup cheese over the pork mixture, then carefully roll up the dough to enclose the filling. Arrange the dough seamside down on the prepared baking sheet in a curved and winding pattern to look like intestines. Repeat the process with the remaining dough and filling. Reserve the remaining pork mixture for another use.nIn a small bowl, use a whisk to beat the egg and tomato paste together until completely combined. Brush the dough with the egg wash. Bake until crisp and cooked through, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [One 3pound boneless pork butt, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups mild tomatillo salsa, 1 cup chicken broth, Two 15ounce cans white beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, Allpurpose flour, for dusting work surface, One 13.8ounce package pizza dough, 34 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon tomato paste], title: Meaty Bursting Intestines, picturelink: ZTvpzaeB1LSVcjObMsPrWLr3ijmxH3K}, 1226: {instructions: Put the urad dal in a deep bowl with cold water to cover dal by about 3 inches. Using the palms of your hands, rub the dal to split them apart. Allow them to soak for at least 8 hours. Drain well, reserving about half of the soaking water. Place the dal and half of the water into a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Process until very thick and smooth, adding additional soaking water as necessary. Add salt. Pour 1 tablespoon of the oil in a nonstick griddle over medium heat, tilting the pan so the oil covers the entire bottom. When hot, pour spoonfuls of dal butter onto the griddle to make round blinis 2 12 inches in diameter. Do not crowd the pan. Cook for about 1 minute, or until the batter is set and the bottom is lightly browned. Turn the blinis and cook for an additional minute, or until they are cooked through. Remove from the griddle, place on a warm plate, and loosely tent with foil to keep warm. Continue to grease the griddle and cook the blinis until you have 18. Place 3 blinis, slightly overlapping, on 6 small plates. Place a spoonful of caviar in the center of each blini. Place a chive point into each mound of caviar and serve., ingredients: [1 cup urad dal, well washed all drained, Cold water to cover dal, Coarse salt, to taste, 3 tablespoons peanut oil approximately, 6 ounces sevruga caviar or other fine caviar or other fine quality caviar, 18 small chive points], title: Sevruga Caviar with Dal Blinis, picturelink: null}, 1227: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees. Place sugar in a small saucepan and over mediumhigh heat cook sugar until caramel stage, and line a flan mold with this caramel. Beat the eggs and add the condensed milk. Mix the cup of regular milk with the pumpkin puree in your electric blender. Put together and mix well all the ingredients. Pour the contents into the caramel lined molds. Place mold in a large shallow baking pot containing about an inch of hot water and cook for about 1 12 hours or until set and golden. Allow to cool. Cover and place in refrigerator. To serve it, turn mold upside down on serving plate., ingredients: [12 cup white sugar, 5 whole eggs, 1 can condensed milk, 1 cup regular or low fat milk, 1cup pumpkin puree], title: Flan de Calbasa, picturelink: null}, 1228: {instructions: Try Chucks mouthwatering mushroomcrusted rib roast, a perfect Sunday family dinner.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nFor the rib roast: Sprinkle the roast with salt and pepper. Coat with the Dijon mustard. Set aside about 1 tablespoon of the ground mushroom powder for the sauce. Press the remaining powder on the meat to make a crust.nIn a heavy ovenproof pan, lay the roast, boneside down, on a bed of rosemary, thyme, shallots and garlic. Drizzle with the olive oil. Add the veal stock to the pan. Put the pan in the oven and cook the beef for 15 minutes.nReduce the heat to 325 degrees F and cook for a total of 2 hours for mediumrare, or approximately 20 minutes per pound. Check the internal temperature of the roast in several places with an instantread thermometer it should register 125 degrees F for mediumrare. Remove the beef and place on a carving board. Cover with aluminum foil and let rest for 20 minutes. The internal temperature of the meat will continue to rise by about 10 degrees. Remove the vegetables and keep warm.nFor the sauce: Heat the oil on medium heat and saute the shallots for about 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook until slightly brown, about 5 minutes. Strain the juices from the rib roast pan into the shallotmushroom mixture, and then add the veal stock and let thicken for another 5 minutes. Whisk the butter into the sauce. Add the reserved 1 tablespoon mushroom powder. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 3 rib prime rib beef roast about 6 pounds, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 cup dried mushroom, finely ground, 15 sprigs fresh rosemary, 15 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 shallots, halved, 1 head garlic, halved, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups veal stock, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 cup mixed mushrooms, such as oyster and shiitake, coarsely chopped, 2 cups veal stock, 2 tablespoons butter, cubed, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Rib Roast with Mushroom Crust, picturelink: null}, 1229: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In a large bowl, cream together egg yolks and sugar with a whisk until the mixture is pale yellow and thick.nPour cream into a medium saucepan over low heat. Using a paring knife, split the vanilla bean down the middle, scrape out the seeds and add them to saucepan. Bring cream to a brief simmer, do not boil or it will overflow. Remove from heat and temper the yolks by gradually whisking the hot vanilla cream into yolk and sugar mixture. Do not add hot cream too quickly or the eggs will cook.nDivide custard into 6 6ounce ramekins, about 34 full. Place ramekins in a roasting pan and fill pan with enough water to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake until barely set around the edges, about 40 minutes. You may want to cover loosely with foil to prevent browning. Remove from oven and cool to room temperature. Transfer the ramekins to the refrigerator and chill for 2 hours. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of sugar on top of each chilled custard. Hold a kitchen torch 2 inches above surface to brown the sugar and form a crust. Garnish with cookies and fresh fruit. Serve at once.nVariation: Before dividing into ramekins: add 3 ounces of shaved dark chocolate for chocolate creme brulee add 4 slices of crystallized ginger for ginger creme brulee add 3 slices of orange peel for orange creme brulee. Let steep 20 minutes to infuse the flavor. Strain out the ginger and orange peel before baking., ingredients: [9 egg yolks, 34 cup superfine white sugar plus 6 tablespoons, 1 quart heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean], title: Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 1230: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Halve the potatoes and place on a baking sheet. Then smash 3 of the garlic cloves and toss them with the potatoes, thyme, oil, 34 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Roast the potatoes until golden and tender, about 40 minutes.nPreheat the grill to high heat.nWhile potatoes roast, mash the remaining 2 garlic cloves with the anchovies and a large pinch of salt into a paste. Rub the paste all over the steaks, and then sprinkle each steak with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Grill the steaks, turning occasionally, until grill marks appear, about 8 minutes for mediumrare. Let the steaks rest while making the sauce.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the butter in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Stir in the shallots and cook until golden, about 3 minutes. Whisk in the beer, Worcestershire and hot sauce. Simmer until the liquid is reduced to half, about 4 minutes. Stir together the cornstarch and 2 teaspoons water and whisk into the simmering sauce until thickened, about 30 seconds. Remove the saucepan from the heat and whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon at a time. Season the sauce with 14 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste.nSlice the steaks and serve with the sauce and potatoes., ingredients: [2 pounds fingerling or baby red potatoes, 5 cloves garlic, 3 fresh thyme sprigs, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and finely ground black pepper, 2 anchovy fillets, Two 1 14 pounds Tbone steaks, 1inch thick, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 cup stout beer, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon cornstarch], title: Caesar TBone Steak with Stout Pan Sauce, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 1231: {instructions: Puree ingredients in a blender and enjoy, ingredients: [1 cup fresh orange juice, 1 cup fresh carrot juice, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 cup ice], title: CarrotGinger Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 1232: {instructions: In a large pot heat the oil over high heat. Season the beef with the salt and pepper and saute until browned. Remove the beef from the pot and set aside, pour off any excess fat in the pot.nMelt the clarified butter in the pot and saute the mushrooms and onions. Add the white wine and simmer until reduced by 12. Stir in the tomato paste and mustard and cook for 2 minutes. Add the demiglace and beef, bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Stir in the sour cream and adjust the seasoning. Serve on a bed of warm egg noodles., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 12 pounds beef tenderloin, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, 1 cup sliced cremini mushrooms, 12 cup chopped onion, 14 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 3 cups demiglace, 1 14 cups sour cream, Serving suggestion: egg noodles, cooked.], title: Beef Stroganoff, picturelink: 4HBAszCwovSwYkmYMTBbgOWMhnqU6te}, 1233: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker, add the basil and the sugar cube. Muddle them together in the bottom of the shaker until the basil is fragrant. Pour in the green tea, lime juice, rum and honey. Stir until well mixed. Carefully pour the mixture into a highball glass filled with ice. Garnish the cocktail with the lime wedge and a basil leaf., ingredients: [4 Thai basil leaves, plus 1 for garnish, 1 sugar cube, 34 cup iced green tea, 12 lime, juiced, 1ounce white rum, 12 tablespoon honey, Ice cubes, as needed, 1 lime wedge, for garnish], title: Asian Sweet Tea or Asian Mojito, picturelink: null}, 1234: {instructions: Remove tenderloin from turkey cut tender in 12 lengthwise. Cut breast into 34inch thick medallions. Cut open 2 sides of a resealable plastic bag. Place 1 medallion in bag pound to 14inch thickness with a meat pounder. Transfer to a nonmetal container. Repeat with remaining turkey. Add marinade. Chill for 2 hours. Heat grill or grill pan. Brush onion, tomatoes, and bread with oil. Season onion and tomatoes with salt and pepper. Grill onion until browned and soft, about 2 minutes per side. Set aside on a plate. Grill tomatoes without turning until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Grill bread until just toasted, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove turkey from marinade season with salt and pepper. Grill until browned and cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Layer bread with onions, turkey, Parmesan, basil, tomatoes, and watercress top with remaining bread. Serve.nCombine oil, rosemary, thyme, garlic, lemon juice, salt, and pepper., ingredients: [12 boneless turkey breast 1 34 pounds, Basic Marinade, recipe follows, 1 sweet onion cut in 14inchthick rounds, 5 plum tomatoes cut in 14inchu00bfthick rounds, 2 25inch baguettes, halved lengthwise, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 ounces Parmesan, sliced paperthin, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, 1 bunch watercress, tough stems discarded, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 springs fresh rosemary, crushed, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 large cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, Pinch freshly ground pepper], title: Turkey Paillard Sandwich, picturelink: HGWjhDU0w.oUgsqocHhIckJWVZQ3GT6}, 1235: {instructions: Place the mushrooms in a small pot, and cover with 1 cup of the chicken stock. Bring to a simmer and cook to soften the mushrooms, 10 minutes. Remove the mushrooms with a slotted spoon and reserve both for later use.nHeat a large deep skillet or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the EVOO and the garlic, celery, bay leaves, carrots, fennel, onions, herb bundle and some salt and pepper. Cook partially covered 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook 1 minute. Then add the wine, tomatoes and the remaining 2 cups chicken stock. Add the porcinis and their stock, minus the last few spoonfuls where grit may have settled. Simmer to thicken a bit and combine flavors then cool and store in the refrigerator for a makeahead meal.nHeat a small skillet over medium heat with the pistachio nuts and toast until fragrant and golden. Finely chop or process in a food processor into coarse crumbs. Return the pan to heat and melt 4 tablespoons of the butter. Add the panko and toast until deep golden in color. Combine with the chopped nuts and season with salt and pepper or seafood seasoning. Store in an airtight container until ready to serve.nWhen ready to serve, remove the bay leaves and herb bundle. Reheat the stew, covered, over medium heat.nPat the fish and sea scallops dry. Heat a drizzle of oil or thin layer of cooking spray over mediumhigh to high heat in each of the 2 skillets. Sprinkle the halibut with some seafood seasoning, salt and pepper. Sprinkle the scallops with a little salt. Cook the halibut seasonedside down for 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook until opaque, 2 minutes more. Turn off the heat and reserve the fish in the pan. Cook the scallops scoredside down until the sugars develop and caramelize, then flip and cook 1 minute more. Remove to a plate and deglaze the pan with some vermouth. Swirl in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and then add the parsley and lemon juice.nCut the halibut into chunks. Ladle the stew into bowls and nestle in the halibut and scallops. Top with vermouth and lemon sauce and garnish with the pistachio breadcrumbs., ingredients: [Small handful dried porcini mushrooms, 3 cups chicken stock, 14 cup EVOO, plus more, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 to 3 ribs celery, thinly sliced on an angle, 2 fresh bay leaves, 1 carrot, peeled and finely chopped or cut into thin small matchsticks, 1 bulb fennel, quartered, cored and very thinly sliced, 1 large or 2 medium onions, thinly sliced, Herb bundle of sage, thyme and parsley, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup dry white wine, Two 14ounce cans diced tomatoes or stewed tomatoes, 14 cup shelled pistachios, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, Seafood seasoning, such as Rachael Rays seafood seasoning grinder or Old Bay, 1 12 to 2 pounds halibut 6 to 8 portions, 12 to 16 large sea scallops, foot trimmed and scored on 1 side with small crosshatch pattern using sharp paring knife, Vermouth, for deglazing, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Fancy Fishermans Stew, picturelink: null}, 1236: {instructions: Pat ribeyes dry. Drizzle extravirgin olive oil across each side of the steaks then season them with grill seasoning blend and reserve.nPrepare chimichurri: pile the herbs together and finely chop. Coarsely chop 2 cloves of the garlic, reserving one large clove left cracked away from skin but whole. Add coarse chopped garlic to herbs and mill them together, chopping even finer, then transfer to a small bowl. Add in the finely chopped red onions and the zest of 1 lemon. Once the lemon has been zested, cut it into wedges and reserve. To the herbs and onions, add 3 tablespoons eyeball it red wine vinegar, a splash of water and about 13 cup extravirgin olive oil. Stir to combine the chimichurri and reserve.nFill sink or large bowl with cold water. Remove stems from spinach and add to water. Agitate the leaves to release the grit attached to the leaves. Repeat this process, testing leaves as you go until they are free of sand. Dry in a salad spinner or on layers of paper towels.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, then add in the chipotle in abobo, sliced onions and mushrooms. If you are using powdered chipotle, add onions and mushrooms first then season with the powder. Cook the mushrooms and onions, stirring frequently, 10 minutes. Do not add salt and pepper u00bf the salt will draw liquid out of the mushrooms, slowing up the browning process.nHeat a heavy bottomed pan and sear the steaks for about 4 to 5 minutes on each side for medium rare to medium. Add 2 minutes for medium to medium well doneness. Once cooked, let meat rest 5 or 10 minutes for juice to redistribute.nOnce the mushrooms are tender, coarsely chop the spinach and fold into the pan in bunches until wilted and incorporated fully. Season the mixture with salt and pepper and remove from heat.nChar bread under broiler, rub it with the remaining clove of garlic, butter the bread and sprinkle with chives. Place the toasted bread on plates and top each slice with a whole steak. The bread will catch meat juices as you dine. Top the steaks with a few shakes of Worcestershire and generous spoonfuls of chimichurri. Serve mountains of smoky mushrooms and spinach alongside the steaks., ingredients: [4 boneless ribeye steaks, 10 to 12 ounces each, about 1 12 inches thick, Extravirgin olive oil, about 12 cup, divided, 2 tablespoons steak seasoning recommended Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick or other brand grill seasoning, 4 stems fresh oregano, stripped of leaves, 5 sprigs fresh sage leaves, stripped, 6 stems fresh thyme leaves, stripped, 1 generous handful fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 3 cloves garlic, popped from skins, 1 medium red onion, 12 finely chopped, 12 thinly sliced, 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, eyeball it, Splash water, 3 tablespoons chipotle in adobo, chopped with sauce or, 1 tablespoon powdered chipotle chili powder, 2 large bundles, 1 pound, spinach leaves, 1 12 pounds combined weight shiitakes and baby portobellos crimni mushrooms, thinly sliced, Salt and pepper, Worcestershire sauce, for seasoning steaks, 4 thick slices whole grain crusty bread, Butter, softened, Chives, chopped or snipped, to garnish bread], title: Boneless RibEye Steaks with Killa Chimichurri and Mountains of Mushrooms with Smoky Chipotle and Wilted Spinach, picturelink: null}, 1237: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour 2 8 12 by 4 12inch loaf pans.nPut the candies in a large bowl and mix them up well. Take 2 tablespoons of the flour and toss it with the candies to coat them so they will not sink or stick together. Set aside. Whisk the baking powder and salt into the remaining flour and set aside.nUsing a stand mixer with a paddle attachment or a hand held mixer, beat the butter until light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Add the sugar a little at a time scraping down the sides of the bowl once or twice, until the mixture is smooth and fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time beating well, then the vanilla. Pour in half the flour mixture and beat on low speed until it is incorporated. Do the same with the remaining flour. The batter will be stiff and you might have to finish this by hand. Fold in the candies. Divide the mixture evenly between the 2 prepared pans pressing it in well so there are no air pockets smooth the top. Bake until puffed and browned and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 60 to 70 minutes. While they are still a bit warm, run a knife between the cakes and the pans to loosen them. Do not turn them out until they have completely cooled. Slice and enjoy., ingredients: [4 cups mixed candy jelly beans, gummy bears, gummy worms, red licorice pieces, and butterscotch chips, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 2 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Kid Friendly Fruit Cake, picturelink: zfJoqJkTpGsRe7WyEa7euaM8T2jLB2}, 1238: {instructions: In a large skillet cook the onion, the bell pepper, and the garlic in the butter over moderate heat, stirring, until the vegetables are softened, stir in the pumpkin, the broth, the water, the cream, the nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste, and simmer the sauce, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes. While the sauce is simmering, in a kettle of salted boiling water boil the penne until it is al dente, ladle out the reserve about 1 cup of the cooking water, and drain the penne well.nAdd the penne to the sauce, cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring and thinning the sauce as desired with some of the reserved cooking water, for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the pasta is coated well, and stir in the parsley. Divide the pasta between 2 plates and serve it with the Parmesan., ingredients: [1 onion, chopped fine, 1 red bell pepper, chopped fine, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup canned solid pack pumpkin, 1 cup chicken broth, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, Freshly grated nutmeg to taste, 12 pound penne or other tubular pasta, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, Freshly grated Parmesan as an accompaniment], title: Penne with Pumpkin Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1239: {instructions: Stir the grapefruit juice, liqueur and simple syrup together in a large bowl. Transfer to a 9by13inch baking dish and freeze. Scrape the mixture with a fork every hour or so until it is icy and spoonable, about 4 hours total. Note: After the first scraping or two, you can freeze the granita overnight just scrape again before serving.nSpoon the granita into serving bowls. Top with a scoop of vanilla gelato and some more granita. Serve immediately.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Boil until the sugar is dissolved. Let cool, then transfer to a container. Cover and refrigerate for up to 1 month., ingredients: [3 cups grapefruit juice, 12 cup bitter orange liqueur, such as Campari, 12 cup simple syrup, recipe follows, 1 pint vanilla gelato, softened, 1 cup sugar], title: Grapefruit Granitasicle, picturelink: null}, 1240: {instructions: Saute the carrots slowly in 2 ounces of butter until tender. Chop coarsely and reserve in a large mixing bowl.nOver high heat, saute the mushrooms in 1ounce of butter for 2 minutes. Chop coarsely and add them to the carrots.nSaute spinach in 1ounce of butter. Chop coarsely and reserve separately. When the spinach is cool, add 1 egg and mix thoroughly.nBeat together the remaining eggs and the cheese. Combine this mixture thoroughly with the carrots and mushrooms. Add salt and pepper. Taste and correct seasonings, if necessary.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nLine the bottom of an 8 12 by 4 12 by 2 12inch loaf pan with parchment paper. Butter the pan and the parchment with the remaining 1ounce of butter. Fill the pan with half the carrot mixture, cover with the spinach, and top with the remaining carrot mixture. Top with another piece of buttered parchment papernPlace in a bainmarie, and bake in oven for 1 hour and 15 minutes, or until a knife inserted into the center comes out clean.nInvert onto a warm serving platter and remove the foil. Slice and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds carrots, peeled and cut into 14 inch slices, 5 ounces unsalted butter, 14 pound mushrooms, sliced, 12 pound spinach, cleaned, with stems removed, 5 eggs, 4 ounces grated Swiss cheese, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper], title: Carrot Loaf, picturelink: null}, 1241: {instructions: Heat oil in fryer to 350 degrees F. Add French fries to the hot oil may need to do in separate batches. Shake the basket so they do not stick. Let them reach a golden brown and then drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt., ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into French fries, Soybean oil, Salt], title: Burgermaster French Fries, picturelink: null}, 1242: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 wire racks 2 rimmed baking sheetsnAdjust 2 oven racks to the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Put the wire racks in the baking sheets and coat each generously with cooking spray.nCombine the flour and 34 teaspoon salt in a large resealable plastic bag. Combine the eggs and 34 teaspoon salt in another large plastic bag combine the breadcrumbs, Parmesan and 34 teaspoon salt in a third large plastic bag.nAdd about a half of the zucchini sticks to the bag with the flour and use a combination of your hands and shaking the bag to coat the zucchini. Remove the zucchini and shake off any excess flour. Transfer to the egg wash and repeat until coated. Its less messy if you use only one hand for the dry ingredients and the other for the wet. Let any excess egg drip off before transferring to the breadcrumb mixture repeat until fully coated youll still see some green and white of the zucchini peeking through the breading. Transfer to the prepared baking sheets and coat the breaded zucchini generously with cooking spray theres no need to turn them. Repeat with the remaining zucchini.nBake, rotating the baking sheets from top to bottom about halfway through, until golden brown and tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Sprinkle with a little salt and serve warm with your favorite dipping sauces., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt, 2 large eggs, 2 12 cups panko breadcrumbs see Cooks Note, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 pound zucchini 2 to 3 smalltomedium zucchini, cut into 3inchby14inch sticks], title: Baked Parmesan Zucchini Fries, picturelink: hL1PHxPQPRz7Ico7XFGCPJBCm8EKnM.}, 1243: {instructions: For the picada: Toast the nuts in a small skillet, then remove to a plate. Add the EVOO to the skillet and toast the bread slices until golden. Chop the bread and add to a food processor along with the parsley, lemon juice, garlic, toasted almonds and a splash of water. Pulse until the mixture is a pestolike consistency. Refrigerate until ready to serve. For the stew: Heat the EVOO in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the thyme, paprika, celery, bay leaves, carrots, onions, bell peppers, chile peppers and saffron and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the vegetables are soft, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the tomatoes and mash. Add the stock and simmer for 30 minutes. Stir in the chicken. Stir in the picada and olives, then remove from the heat and let stand for 5 minutes. Ladle the stew into shallow bowls and serve with warm bread for mopping. Cooks Note: The stew and the picada can be refrigerated in separate containers in the refrigerator for a makeahead meal. Reheat the stew over medium heat, adding the picada and olives.nPut the chicken in a very large stockpot or divide between 2 pots if necessary. Add the peppercorns, garlic, bay leaves, carrots, celery, lemons, onions and herb bundle and sprinkle with salt. Add enough water to cover the chicken. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and cook at a rolling simmer for 1 12 hours. Remove the chicken from the liquid and let cool. Strain the stock. You should have 5 to 6 quarts stock. Remove the skin and bones from the chicken, and shred the meat using your hands or 2 forks., ingredients: [14 cup dry unsalted Marcona almonds or blanched almonds, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 slices 12inch thick batard or baguette reserve the rest of the loaf for serving, 13 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped, 3 tablespoons EVOO, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 rounded tablespoons paprika, 2 to 3 stalks celery with leafy tops, peeled and chopped, 2 bay leaves, 2 medium carrots, chopped, 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 Fresno or other red chile pepper, finely chopped, Pinch saffron threads, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, One 32ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, 4 cups chicken stock, 3 to 4 cups shredded Poached Chicken Breasts, recipe follows, 1 cup Spanish green olives, coarsely chopped, Bread, for serving, 4 whole bonein, skinon chicken breasts for all white meat or 3 whole 4pound chickens for a mix of white and dark meat, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 8 cloves garlic, smashed, 4 large bay leaves, 4 carrots, coarsely chopped, 4 stalks celery, coarsely chopped, 2 lemons, sliced, 2 onions, quartered, Herb bundle of fresh parsley, rosemary and thyme tied with kitchen string, Kosher salt], title: Catalan Chicken Stew, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 1244: {instructions: Peel potatoes and quarter them. Put in a pot of cold water with some salt and bring to a boil. Turn down to a simmer and cook until tender, 15 to 20 minutes.nClean and chop leeks. Melt the 2 tablespoons butter in a large saute pan. Add leeks and sweat until they are soft and translucent. Add chicken broth and a little salt and white pepper and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. Puree all in blender and put aside.nMash the potatoes with a masher. Add leeks, sour cream, 12 cup butter, and milk. Whip with an electric hand mixer. Do not over beat. Season, to taste, with salt and white pepper. Can be reheated in microwave before serving.nNote: A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 baking potatoes, 4 large leeks, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter plus 12 cup, 2 cups chicken broth, Salt and white pepper, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup whole milk], title: Mashed Potatoes with Leeks and Sour Cream, picturelink: null}, 1245: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large, heavybottomed soup pot, add the onions, leeks, and celery, and saute until translucent, about 6 minutes. Add the garlic, tomatoes, saffron, and seasonings. Stir about 2 minutes, then add the white wine and cook 4 to 5 minutes, or until almost all the liquid has evaporated, before adding fish stock. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook 45 minutes. At the end of 45 minutes, add the potatoes and cook 20 minutes longer, or until the potatoes are tender.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees.nWhile the broth is simmering, make the peppery croutons: Brush one side of each French bread slice with the olive oil, sprinkle with cracked pepper, and toast in the oven until crisp about 12 minutes. After the potatoes have simmered 20 minutes, add the fish. Reheat to just below a boil and cook at a strong simmer 3 to 5 minutes, until the fish is cooked but not yet flaking apart. Remove the bay leaves, taste for seasoning, and serve immediately, garnished with the Peppery Croutons., ingredients: [12 cup pure olive oil, 2 large onions, diced about 1 12 cups, 2 leeks, white and light green part only, split, cleaned, and diced about 2 12 cups, 5 stalks celery, diced about 1 cup, 14 cup finely chopped garlic, 1 cup canned plum tomatoes, drained, seeded, and diced, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 quarts Fish Stock recipe follows, 2 Idaho potatoes about 1 pound, peeled and diced, 12 to 34 pound mixed fish any variety or mixture will do, cleaned, peeled, or boned, and cut into small cubes, French baguette, sliced 14inch thick about 3 to 4 slices per person, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 to 2 teaspoons cracked black peppercorns], title: Fulton Market Fish Chowder, picturelink: null}, 1246: {instructions: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Make the streusel: Spread the almonds on a baking sheet and bake until toasted, 5 to 7 minutes let cool and transfer to a food processor. Add the sugar, butter, flour, cinnamon, orange zest and cocoa powder and pulse until the nuts are ground and the mixture starts to clump. Refrigerate until ready to use.nMake the filling: Toss the cherries, almond extract and cherry liqueur, if using, in a bowl. Stir in the flour and sugar.nMake the cake: Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. In a small bowl, whisk the sour cream and vanilla and almond extracts. Beat the butter and sugar in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on medium speed until smooth, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the bowl. Beat in the eggs one at a time, until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes.nBeat in half of the flour mixture on low speed until almost incorporated, then beat in half of the sour cream mixture. Beat in the remaining flour mixture, then the sour cream mixture finish mixing the batter by hand do not overmix.nButter the bottom and sides of a 10inch springform pan. Spread half of the batter in the pan. Sprinkle half of the streusel on top, then cover with the cherry filling. Drop spoonfuls of the remaining batter on top of the cherries and smooth with the back of a spoon. Top with the remaining streusel.nBake on the lower oven rack until the cake springs back in the center when pressed, about 1 hour, 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool. Run a knife around the inside of the pan, then remove the side.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 cup blanched almonds, 1 cup sugar, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 34 pounds fresh sour cherries, pitted 2 12 cups, or 2 cups jarred pitted sour cherries, drained, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 2 tablespoons cherry liqueur optional, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 13 cups sour cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pan, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs], title: CherryChocolate Coffee Cake, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 1247: {instructions: Toast the bread slices either in the toaster or on a baking sheet placed under the broiler. Let cool.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Generously butter a 9 by 5inch loaf pan, then line the bottom with waxed paper and butter the paper.nTear up the toasted bread slices and make crumbs out of them in a food processor. Place in a large bowl.nProcess the walnuts until finely ground and mix into the bread crumbs. Combine the eggs and onions in the processor and process until fine but not liquefied. Stir into the bread crumbs. Place the green pepper, celery, parsley, tomatoes, and oil in the processor and grind until fine but still with some texture. Stir into the loaf mixture along with the poultry seasoning, salt, and pepper. Mix this all very well until evenly moistened. The mixture may be prepared to this point and refrigerated up to 8 hours in advance. Scrape it into the prepared loaf pan and smooth over the top. Cover the loaf with foil.nBake 1 hour and 20 minutes, or until a knife inserted in the center of the loaf comes out dry. Let sit 5 minutes, then run a knife all along the sides of the loaf to help loosen it. Unmold the loaf onto a platter and remove the waxed paper. Let the loaf cool 20 minutes or so before slicing it. Its best to serve the loaf warm and the gravy hot.nMelt the butter in a mediumsize saucepan over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and saute until brown, about 7 minutes. Stir in the flour it will become very pasty. Cook this roux for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. It will stick to the bottom of the pan a little bit thats okay.nStir in the stock, wine, soy sauce, and pepper, and bring to a boil. Cook the sauce at a lively simmer for 5 minutes, stirring almost constantly and scraping any crusty bits that adhere to the bottom of the pan. Serve in a sauceboat., ingredients: [9 slices commercial whole wheat bread about 8 ounces, 2 cups walnuts about 8 ounces, 3 large eggs, 3 medium onions, diced, 1 small green bell pepper, diced, 1 small celery rib, minced, 1 small bunch parsley, stems discarded and leaves chopped, 23 cup canned crushed tomatoes or 1 16ounce can diced tomatoes, drained very well, 1 12 tablespoons canola oil, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 1 teaspoon salt, Generous seasoning freshly ground black pepper, Mushroom Gravy, recipe follows, 14 cup unsalted butter, 2 cups thinly sliced mushrooms 8 ounces, 14 cup unbleached flour, 2 12 cups vegetable stock, storebought or homemade, 14 cup dry red wine, 2 tablespoons tamari soy sauce, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Walnut Loaf, picturelink: null}, 1248: {instructions: Cut the tops off 2 heads garlic, drizzle with olive oil, wrap in foil and bake at 400 degrees until tender, 45 minutes. Make Onion Dip using the roasted garlic pulp in place of the sauteed onions. Add 6 slices chopped crisp bacon.nOnion DipnSaute 1 each chopped yellow and red onion in olive oil over low heat until caramelized, 30 minutes cool. Mix with 1 12 cups sour cream, 34 cup mayonnaise and chopped chives and scallions. Add Worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper.nSee all 50 GameDay DipsnPhotographs by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Roasted GarlicBacon Dip, picturelink: KD7co2PNbwmZJ8tUxXowjO.dQ9ZeRC}, 1249: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace English muffins on a baking sheet lined with aluminum foil.nTop with barbecue sauce, scallion and chicken.nSprinkle with cheese and bake for 12 to 15 minutes until cheese is melted., ingredients: [2 wholewheat English muffins, sliced, 14 cup barbecue sauce, 1 medium scallion, finely chopped, 3 ounces grilled chicken breast, diced, 12 cup shredded partskim mozzarella cheese], title: BBQ Chicken Pizza Snacks, picturelink: null}, 1250: {instructions: Drizzle basil infused oil over the popcorn. Grind grey salt in a spice grinder a coffee grinder also works well for this purpose until fine u00bf it will stick to the popcorn more evenly if the crystals are smaller. Add black pepper, then grate parmesan over the popcorn.nPreheat a large cast iron Dutch oven on a stovetop over high heat. Add olive oil, then popcorn. As soon as it begins to pop, cover and turn down to medium heat until sound of popping stops, about 3 to 4 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups popped popcorn, recipe follows, 14 cup basil infused olive oil, 2 tablespoons grey salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 14 cup olive oil, 1 12 cups popcorn], title: BasilParmesan Flavored Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 1251: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar on high speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, add the eggs, 1 at a time, scraping down the bowl after each addition. Add the vanilla and almond extracts and mix well.nIn a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In 3 parts, alternately add the dry ingredients and the buttermilk to the batter, beginning and ending with the dry. Mix until just combined. Fold in 7 ounces of coconut.nLine a muffin pan with paper liners. Fill each liner to the top with batter. Bake for 25 to 35 minutes, until the tops are brown and a toothpick comes out clean. Allow to cool in the pan for 15 minutes. Remove to a baking rack and cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the frosting. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, on low speed, cream together the cream cheese, butter, and vanilla and almond extracts. Add the confectioners sugar and mix until smooth.nFrost the cupcakes and sprinkle with the remaining coconut., ingredients: [34 pound 3 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 cups sugar, 5 extralarge eggs at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons pure almond extract, 3 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 14 ounces sweetened, shredded coconut, 1 pound cream cheese at room temperature, 34 pound 3 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon pure almond extract, 1 12 pounds confectioners sugar, sifted], title: Coconut Cupcakes, picturelink: ZSb.twQ4m8u.rw2R3EDqjHbebDN36.G}, 1252: {instructions: Cook the noodles as the label directs, then drain and rinse under cold water. Meanwhile, toss the pork with 14 teaspoon salt, pepper to taste and 2 tablespoons cornstarch in a bowl. Whisk the chicken broth and the remaining 1 tablespoon cornstarch in another bowl.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, then add the pork and stirfry until lightly browned, about 5 minutes transfer to a bowl. Add the remaining 3 teaspoons vegetable oil to the pan, then add the scallion whites, ginger and garlic reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, 2 minutes. Stir in the vegetables and 3 tablespoons water and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are crisptender, about 4 minutes. Add the broth mixture to the pan and bring to a boil cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes.nReturn the pork to the skillet along with the noodles, lime zest and 14 teaspoon salt and stir to heat through. Stir in the scallion greens. Divide among bowls and serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [8 ounces rice noodles, 1 pork tenderloin about 34 pound, cut into 14inchthick strips, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 cups fatfree lowsodium chicken broth, 4 teaspoons vegetable oil, 4 scallions, sliced white and green parts separated, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled and minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 cups precut stirfry vegetables about 9 ounces, Grated zest of 1 lime, plus wedges for serving], title: Pork and Noodle StirFry, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 1253: {instructions: Make the bacon: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 24cup mini muffin pan with paper liners. Put the bacon pieces in a large skillet and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until almost completely browned, about 4 minutes. Pour off the drippings and reserve. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon sugar over the bacon and cook, stirring, until the bacon is crisp and glazed, about 3 more minutes. Transfer the candied bacon to a plate set aside until ready to use.nMake the crust: Pulse the cookies, butter, the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon bacon drippings, and the salt in a food processor until finely ground. Firmly press 1 heaping teaspoon of the crumb mixture into each mini muffin liner. Bake until the crust is set, about 12 minutes. Let cool in the pan on a rack.nMake the cheesecakes: Reduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. Combine the cream cheese, sugar and vanilla in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment mix on mediumhigh speed until light and smooth, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the flour and egg and mix until just incorporated, scraping down the bowl as needed. Fill each mini muffin cup with about 2 teaspoons batter and bake until set, about 20 minutes. Let cool in the pan on a rack, then transfer the pan to the refrigerator and chill at least 4 hours. Top each cheesecake with a piece of candied bacon.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [4 strips bacon, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 chocolate wafer cookies, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Pinch of salt, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 13 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 large egg], title: Mini Bacon Cheesecakes, picturelink: jASLGTzRJ97b52sc8CoqZC8HChYS}, 1254: {instructions: In a hot wok, add curry paste, coconut milk, juice and fish sauce and mix well. Add shrimp and quickly cook, about 1 minute. Add noodles, chives and vegetables and mix well, being careful not to overmix. Check for seasoning and serve hot., ingredients: [12 cup curry paste, recipe to follow, 2 tablespoons coconut milk, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 12 pound rock shrimp, rinsed and drained, 12 pound shanghai egg noodles, blanched and refreshed, 1 cup chopped garlic chives, 1 cup bean sprouts, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 2 heads bok choy, julienned, 1 cup snow peas or snap peas, blanched and refreshed], title: Tropical Asian Curry Noodles with Rock Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 1255: {instructions: Pat turkey dry and season with salt and pepper. Dredge half of turkey slices in flour, shaking off excess. Heat 1 12 tablespoons oil in a 12inch heavy skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook turkey until browned on both sides and just cooked through, about 4 minutes total. Transfer to a platter and keep warm, covered. Dredge and cook remaining turkey with another 1 12 tablespoons oil in same manner.nAdd remaining tablespoon oil to skillet and cook garlic over moderate heat, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add broth and deglaze over moderately high heat, scraping up brown bits. Boil until broth is reduced to about 34 cup. Stir in lemon juice, capers, parsley, and salt and pepper, to taste. Add butter and swirl with a whisk until a smooth sauce is formed. Return turkey to skillet with any juices on platter and simmer until heated through, about 1 minute. Garnish with sage and rosemary leaves., ingredients: [1 12 pounds 14inch thick sliced raw turkey cutlets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 to 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons capers, rinsed, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Fresh sage and rosemary leaves, for garnish, optional], title: Turkey Scallopini with Capers and Lemon, picturelink: null}, 1256: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: an ice cream makernIn a glass pitcher, combine the Mint Simple Syrup, pomegranate juice, and orange juice. Pour the pomegranate mixture in an ice cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturers instructions. During the last 10 minutes of freezing time, add the mini chocolate chips.nScoop the sorbet into dessert bowls and garnish with fresh mint sprigs.nMint Simple SyrupnIn a small saucepan, combine the sugar, water, and mint leaves over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool for 20 minutes. Strain before using.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [1 cup Mint Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 2 cups 100 percent pomegranate juice recommended: Pom Wonderful, 1 cup orange juice, 12 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 1 packed cup packed fresh mint leaves], title: Pomegranate and Mint Sorbet, picturelink: B0uDX7ZMRIXWTE5.JxkUyMQpWtDgP9m}, 1257: {instructions: Clean the endive with a dry paper towel and remove the core from the bottom to separate the leaves. Arrange the leaves in a circle on a large platter. Fill the inside of the circle with torn pieces of romaine lettuce. Cut the pear into thin slices and arrange throughout. Sprinkle the Gorgonzola and walnuts over the salad and season with pepper.nIn a small microwaveable bowl, combine the jam with the balsamic vinegar. Heat for several seconds until slightly warm and then stir with a small wire whisk until combined. Drizzle over the salad and serve., ingredients: [1 large endive, 1 head romaine lettuce, 1 Bosc pear, 2 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled, 14 cup chopped walnuts, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup seedless raspberry jam, 14 cup balsamic vinegar], title: Endive and Romaine Salad with Walnuts, Pears, and Gorgonzola and Raspberry Balsamic Drizzle, picturelink: null}, 1258: {instructions: Fill shaker with ice. Add Smirnoff Raspberry Flavored Vodka, Godiva Original Liqueur, raspberry liqueur, and cold espresso. Shake well and strain into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with fresh raspberries., ingredients: [1 oz. Smirnoff Raspberry Flavored Vodka, 0.25 oz. Godiva Original Liqueur, 0.25 oz. raspberry liqueur, 1 oz. cold espresso], title: Raspberry Mochatini, picturelink: null}, 1259: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan or indoor grill to high heat or, prepare outdoor grill. Drizzle halibut with extravirgin olive oil to keep fish from sticking to the grill pan or grill. Season fish with salt and pepper, to your taste. Roll lime on the counter top to get juices flowing. Also, any under ripe citrus may be placed in a microwave oven for 10 seconds at high setting to induce the juices to flow. Grill fish 4 to 5 minutes on each side or until opaque. Squeeze the juice of 1 lime down over the fish and remove from the grill pan or grill. Flake fish into large chunks with a fork.nWhile fish is cooking, in a blender or food processor, combine avocado flesh, lemon juice, cayenne pepper, yogurt and salt. Process guacamole sauce until smooth. Remove guacamole sauce to a bowl and stir in diced tomatoes and chopped scallions. Shred lettuce and reserve.nWhen fish comes off the grill pan or grill, blister and heat soft taco wraps. To assemble, break up fish and pile some of the meat into soft shells and slather with guacamole sauce. Top with shredded lettuce, fold tacos over and eat, ingredients: [4 pieces fresh halibut, steak or filets, 6 to 8 ounces each, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and pepper, 1 lime, juiced, 3 small to medium ripe Haas avocados, pitted and scooped from skins with a large spoon, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, eyeball it, 1 cup plain yogurt, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, eyeball it, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 2 scallions, thinly sliced on an angle, 1 heart Romaine lettuce, 12 soft 6inch flour tortillas], title: Halibut Fish Tacos with Guacamole Sauce, picturelink: Qqiy754QcF4yCs6B.RQelWww8VmEBm}, 1260: {instructions: Combine all the citrus in a medium bowl with a pinch of salt and crushed red pepper and reserve.nSeason the scallops with salt. Coat a large saute pan with olive oil. When the oil is hot but not smoking add the smashed garlic cloves. When the garlic has become golden and very aromatic remove it from the pan and discard it. Next, gently lay the scallops in the pan and cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side. If the pan begins to smoke reduce the heat of the burner. The scallops should look beautifully caramelized on each side.nWhile the scallops are cooking, dress the arugula in a small bowl with some of the juice from the reserved citrus and also highquality extravirgin olive oil and some salt. Arrange the arugula on individual serving plates. Toss the onion in with the citrus and give it a sprinkle of olive oil. Lay the citrus on the arugula.nCut the scallops in half equatorially and place them overlapping in a line against the citrus. Sprinkle with pomegranate seeds and give another little drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [3 clementines, peeled and cut into segments, 1 ruby red grapefruit, peeled and cut into segments, Salt, Pinch crushed red pepper, 8 large dry diver sea scallops, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 cups baby arugula, 12 small red onion, finely julienned, 12 cup pomegranate seeds], title: Seared Scallops with Citrus, Arugula and Pomegranate Salad, picturelink: tcWFwaVZVogqt7OIomRVb.F1eQ2g7DK}, 1261: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the potatoes on a baking sheet and drizzle 1 tablespoon olive oil all over the potatoes. Sprinkle the garlic powder and some salt and pepper on top. Toss with your hands to coat all sides of the potatoes with the oil and seasoning. Bake, rotating the pan and flipping the potatoes halfway through, until forktender, 20 to 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the remaining teaspoon olive oil to a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper onto the chicken breasts and gently pat it down with your fingers. Add the chicken breasts to the hot skillet and brown on both sides, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Remove from the skillet and reduce the heat to low.nMelt the butter in the skillet then sprinkle flour on top of the butter. Whisk to cook off the raw flour taste, 1 minute, then carefully add the chicken stock, vigorously whisking. Add the lemon zest and juice. Let cook, whisking occasionally, until thickened, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the asparagus to the pot and cook until the asparagus has softened but is still bright green, about 7 minutes.nAdd the chicken back into the skillet and cook to ensure its cooked thoroughly, another 3 minutes. Coat the chicken with sauce from the pan.nPlace 1 piece of chicken on each of 2 plates, then divide the roasted potatoes between the plates next to the chicken. Place half of the asparagus on each plate and drizzle some sauce on top. Use the juice of the remaining lemon half on top of the dish if you desire more lemon flavor., ingredients: [5 small red potatoes, rinsed and cut into quarters, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 large chicken breast, sliced in half horizontally to make 2 cutlets, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken stock, Zest of 1 lemon plus juice of 12 a lemon, plus more juice if desired, 12 pound asparagus, rinsed and cut into thirds], title: Lemon and Herb Chicken with Asparagus and Roasted Red Potatoes for Two, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 1262: {instructions: Special equipment: 16 birthday candlesnCake:nMix and bake 2 8inch cake layers according to spice cake package directions. Cool completely. Mix the 2 boxes of chocolate cake together according to package instructions. Bake 2 6inch and 2 10inch cake layers and 1 7ounce ramekin. Cool completely.nCone Tree:nIn a medium bowl combine white chocolate and 4 drops of green food coloring. Place bowl in microwave and heat at 50 percent power in 20second intervals until white chocolate is melted and smooth. Dip the sugar cone into the chocolate and spin it around so that it is evenly coated. Remove from bowl and let excess chocolate drip off. Place on a plate lined with waxed paper and let dry.nAssembly:nIn a large bowl stir together frosting and about 10 to 12 drops of green food coloring. The icing should be a pale green color. If too light in color, add a few more drops of food coloring. Transfer the icing to plastic releasable bags or a pastry bag. Cut 12inch off the corner of the plastic bags and set aside. Cut off the top of each layer so that it is flat and even. To assemble cake, place 4inch by 12inch strips of parchment paper around the edge of the cake plate or stand. Place 1 10inch cake layer on cake stand on top of the parchment paper. Spread a layer of frosting and top with remaining 10inch layer. Frost cake with icing. Place 1 8inch layer on cardboard cake round. Spread an even layer of frosting and top with remaining 8inch layer. Frost cake with icing and place on top and in the center of the frosted 10inch cake. Place 1 6inch layer on a cardboard cake round. Spread with a layer of frosting and top with remain 6inch layer. Frost cake with icing and place on top and in the center of the frosted 8inch cake. Place the small cake that was baked in the 7ounce ramekin or the jumbo cupcake on top of the 6inch layer and frost with the icing. Place the cone tree on top. To decorate the cake, first carefully remove the parchment paper from underneath the bottom layer. Using the can of white decorating icing fitted with the star tip make small rosettes around the top and bottom edge of each cake tier and the bottom of the cone tree. Place a small rosette at the top of the cone tree. Drape the licorice whips like garland around the bottom 3 cake tiers using the 6inch lengths for the top layer, the 8inch lengths for the middle layer and the 10inch length for the bottom layer. Using the yellow icing can fitted with a star tip, pipe rosettes where the garland strands meet. Place 1 small rosette on top of the cone tree. Using the red icing fitted with the round tip randomly place small red dots around the cake. Place candles in the yellow icing rosettes between licorice garlands., ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box spice cake mix recommended: Betty Crocker, 2 19.5ounce boxes chocolate cake mix recommended: Betty Crocker, or, Storebought uniced cakes: 2 10inch chocolate cakes, 2 8inch spices cakes, 2 6inch chocolate cakes, and 1 jumbo chocolate cupcake top cut off, 4 16ounce containers creamy white frosting recommended: Betty Crocker, 1 1fluid ounce bottle green food color recommended: McCormick, 1 cup white chocolate chips, 4 drops green food coloring, 1 sugar cone, 1 6.4ounce can white decorating icing recommended: Betty CrockerEasy Flow, 1 package red licorice whips, 6 cut into 6inch lengths, 6 cut into 8inch lengths, and 6 cut into 10inch lengths, 1 6.4ounce can yellow decorating icing recommended: Betty CrockerEasy Flow, 1 6.4ounce can red decorating icing recommended: Betty CrockerEasy Flow, 16 birthday candles], title: Noel Cake, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 1263: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDivide the meat into 4 equal portions about 6 ounces each. Form each portion loosely into a 34inchthick burger and make a deep depression in the center with your thumb. Season both sides of each burger with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in the pan or griddle over high heat until the oil begins to shimmer. Cook the burgers until golden brown and slightly charred on the first side, about 3 minutes for beef and 5 minutes for turkey. Flip over the burgers. Cook beef burgers until golden brown and slightly charred on the second side, 4 minutes for medium rare 3 minutes if topping with cheese or until cooked to desired degree of doneness. Cook turkey burgers until cooked throughout, about 5 minutes on the second side. Add the cheese, if using, to the tops of the burgers during the last minute of cooking and top with a basting cover, close the grill cover, or tent the burgers with aluminum foil to melt the cheese.nCombine the mayonnaise and roasted garlic in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste. Spread both sides of each bun with the mayonnaise and the mustard. Place a slice of cheese on each bun bottom, place a burger on top, and then top the burger with a slice of ham, another slice of cheese, and some pickle slices. Cover with the bun tops.nCook the burgers on a sandwich press or wrap the burgers in aluminum foil and cook in a hot skillet over high heat put a heavy skillet on top of the burgers to press them until golden brown and the cheese has melted, about 1 12 minutes per side. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound ground chuck 80 percent lean or ground turkey 90 percent lean, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup mayonnaise, 4 cloves roasted garlic, mashed, 4 hamburger buns, split, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 8 thin slices Swiss cheese, 4 thin slices smoked ham, 2 dill pickles, sliced into 14inchthick slices], title: Miami Burger, picturelink: YtTHJOmzpQgwqjTSej0XvnYHoHRnzcy}, 1264: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cinnamon ice cream: In a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat, combine the halfandhalf and sugar. Stir it around to combine and allow to warm. Next, add the vanilla extract and cinnamon sticks. Stir the mixture around and heat it up until its hot but not boiling.nAdd the egg yolks to a medium bowl and whisk them vigorously until slightly lighter in color, about 2 minutes.nRemove the cinnamon sticks from the halfandhalf mixture and discard. Grab a ladle of the hot halfandhalf mixture and drizzle it very slowly into the yolks, whisking constantly. This will temper the egg yolks so that they dont scramble when theyre added to the pan. Add another ladle of the hot liquid, and when its mixed in, pour the egg mixture slowly into the pan with the halfandhalf mixture, stirring with a spoon. Stir and cook it until the mixture is thick and coating the spoon, for 2 minutes or so.nSet a finemesh strainer over a clean glass bowl and strain the custard. Dont worry if it looks a little lumpy. Add the heavy cream to the bowl and stir to combine. Finally, whisk in the ground cinnamon, and then cover the bowl and refrigerate until completely cool.nPour the cooled mixture into an ice cream maker and process according to your machines instructions. When its finished churning, it will still be in the softserve stage. Transfer the mixture to a freezer container and place in the freezer until its frozen firm, for several hours.nFor the cinnamon crisps: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl. Place the tortillas on a baking sheet and brush both sides with the butter. Sprinkle both sides of the tortillas generously with the cinnamonsugar mixture.nBake until golden brown and crisp, about 15 minutes, and then allow them to cool to room temperature. Break into large pieces and set aside.nServe the ice cream with the cinnamon crisps., ingredients: [3 cups halfandhalf, 2 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 cinnamon sticks, 9 large egg yolks, 3 cups heavy cream, 1 heaping teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 6 flour tortillas, 14 cup 12 stick butter, melted], title: Cinnamon Ice Cream with Cinnamon Crisps, picturelink: hrY1kGzq5265SM0P.BceGqD8zNaZIv2}, 1265: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour the pan juices from your turkey roasting pan into a measuring cup. Skim and reserve the fat youll need 4 tablespoons total. If the remaining turkey juice comes to less than 2 cups, top off with chicken stock.nMix the flour with the skimmed fat in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium heat until the roux is lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Slowly whisk the pan juices into the roux and cook until the gravy thickens. Stir in the shredded turkey meat and chopped eggs. Add salt to taste., ingredients: [2 cups pan juices from the turkey roasting pan, 4 tablespoons fat skimmed from the pan juices, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup shredded white meat from your roast turkey, 2 large eggs, hardboiled, peeled and chopped fine, Salt], title: Turkey Gravy, picturelink: 0wyePaildBb6nBqf14P4zh3Kdx68GB2}, 1266: {instructions: The garlic and chiles: Set a heavy ungreased skillet or griddle over medium heat. Lay the unpeeled garlic on the hot surface and let it roast to a sweet mellowness, turning occasionally, until soft when pressed between your fingers youll notice it has blackened in a few small spots, about 15 minutes. Cool, then slip off the papery skins and roughly chop.nWhile the garlic is roasting, break the stems of the chiles, tear the chiles open and remove the seeds. Next, toast the chiles a few at a time on you mediumhot skillet or griddle: Open them flat, lay them on the hot surface skinside up, press flat for a few seconds with a metal spatula if the temperature is right youll hear a faint crackle, then flip them. If pressed long enough, theyll have changed to a mottled tan underneath. If you see a slight wisp of smoke, thats okay, but any more will mean burnt chiles. Now, press down again to toast the other side. Transfer to a bowl, cover with hot water and let rehydrate for 30 minutes, stirring regularly to ensure even soaking. Pour off all the water and discard.nThe seasoning: If using whole spices, pulverise the oregano, pepper, cumin and cloves in a spice grinder or mortar, then transfer to a food processor or blender, along with the drained chiles and garlic. Measure in the broth and process to a smooth puree, scraping and stirring every few seconds. If youre using a blender and the mixture wont move through the blades, add more broth, a little at a time, until everything is moving, but still as thick as possible. With a rubber spatula, work the puree through a mediummesh strainer into a bowl discard the skins and seeds that remain behind in the strainer. Taste itll have a rough, raw edge to it, then season with salt., ingredients: [8 large garlic cloves, unpeeled, 8 medium about 4 ounces total dried Ancho chiles, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, preferably Mexican, 12 teaspoon black pepper, whole or freshly ground, 18 teaspoon cumin seeds, whole or freshly ground, A scant 14 teaspoon cloves, whole or freshly ground, 23 cup beef, chicken or fish broth even vegetable broth or water, whichever is appropriate for the dish youre going to use the adobo in, plus a little more if needed, Salt, about 1 teaspoon], title: Essential SweetandSpicy Ancho Seasoning Paste, picturelink: null}, 1267: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Melt 2 tablespoons butter. Toss the squash with the melted butter, maple syrup, chili powder, and salt and pepper to taste on the prepared baking sheet. Roast until golden and soft, about 20 minutes. Set aside and let cool.nMeanwhile, melt 1 tablespoon butter in a medium skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the onion and toss to coat. Cook, without stirring, until the onion begins to develop a deep brown color, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir and add the balsamic vinegar, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook, stirring, until the onion mixture thickens and develops an intense sweetness, about 15 more minutes.nSandwich build Butter 1 slice of bread. On the unbuttered side, add the ingredients in this order from the ground up: manchego, squash, caramelized onion, sliced almonds and more manchego. Close with another buttered bread slice, buttered side up. Repeat with the remaining ingredients to make 3 more sandwiches.nHeat a heavy griddle or flat pan over medium heat. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in the pan. Lightly cook each sandwich, in batches if necessary, until the cheese starts to melt, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Low and slow is the key here so you dont kill your bread before the delicious innards get gooey.nPhotograph by James Wojcik, ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the bread, 12 butternut squash, peeled, seeded and sliced 14 inch thick, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 12 teaspoon chili powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 Maui or other sweet onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 8 slices country white bread, 1 pound manchego cheese, thinly sliced, 1 cup sliced almonds, toasted], title: Squash, Manchego and BalsamicOnion Grilled Cheese, picturelink: 9i9xoWQNbebgezKMXEA7dE.aO.MTZO}, 1268: {instructions: In a medium mixing bowl, toss watercress, gorgonzola, onion, nuts and vinaigrette. Season and decoratively place in the center of a chilled plate be sure to divide all ingredients evenly amongst 4 plates. Garnish salad with slices of prosciutto, figs and a drizzle of fig balsamic vinegar.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium saute pan over medium heat, melt butter and then add nuts. Toss nuts in pan until well coated with butter, then add honey and toss some more until nuts are well coated. Season with salt, pepper and a touch of cayenne pepper. Put nuts in oven for about 5 to 7 minutes, tossing regularly so they toast evenly. Cool. Store in airtight container until needed.nPlace all ingredients in blender except oil. Process until smooth and then slowly drizzle in oil. Adjust seasoning, as desired., ingredients: [2 bunches washed and clipped watercress, 4 ounces crumbled Gorgonzola, 4 ounces red onion, julienned, 4 ounces spiced walnuts, recipe follows, 4 ounces red wine vinaigrette, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 2 ounces duck prosciutto, 4 mission figs, cut in 12 lengthwise, Fig balsamic vinegar, 3 ounces butter, 2 cups walnuts, chopped, 3 ounces honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, Pinch cayenne pepper, 3 cloves, 1 small shallot, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 3 teaspoons sugar, 2 12 cups blended oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grandmas Watercress Salad All Dressed Up, picturelink: null}, 1269: {instructions: In a large skillet over high heat, combine butter, sugar, and lemon juice. Stir until mixture forms a nice syrup. You may need to add more butter if mixture is too dry. Add lemon zest and nectarines and stir until just soft. If you have it on hand, a splash of Cognac never hurt anyone and itll make a nice flame if youre cooking with gas. Spoon mixture into individual serving cups and top with cold creme fraiche or nice vanilla bean ice cream., ingredients: [14 cup butter, 2 cups sugar, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 1 14 pounds fresh nectarines, peeled and sliced, Creme fraiche, or vanilla ice cream], title: Warm Nectarines with Lemon Syrup, picturelink: null}, 1270: {instructions: Mix the first 6 ingredients together in a small bowl. Set aside until needed. Toast walnuts in 350 degree F oven until golden brown and fragrant, about 10 minutes. Set aside.nIn a dry saute pan add half of the spices and toss to toast. Take care not to burn. Set aside in a bowl.nSaute onions in the olive oil until golden, for approximately 10 to 12 minutes. Add the walnuts to the onions and cook together 1 minute. Season with half the spice mix. Add the greens and spice mix, to taste, to the onion and walnuts and saute over medium high heat until the greens wilt, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon curry powder, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon mustard seed, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 14 cup halved walnuts, roasted, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 onion, julienned, 1 clove garlic, sliced, 3 bunches spinach, washed, stemmed, and coarsely chopped, 1 bunch mustard greens, washed, stemmed, and coarsely chopped, 1 bunch beet greens, washed and coarsely chopped], title: Healthy Garden Green StirFry, picturelink: null}, 1271: {instructions: Combine first 4 ingredients in bowl. Season generously with pepper. Prepare barbecue high heat or preheat broiler. Thread beef onto 8 skewers, threading 2 tomatoes and 2 onion pieces onto each. Broil until beef is tender, turning occasionally, about 6 minutes for medium rare., ingredients: [1 pound lean beef top sirloin or tritip well trimmed, cut into 1inch pieces  16 pieces, 2 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, Pepper, 1 green pepper, cut into 16 pieces, 8 small bamboo skewers, 16 cherry tomatoes, 1 small onion, cut into 16 small pieces], title: Asian Beef Kebabs, picturelink: null}, 1272: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut 1inch holes out of the bottom of a large inverted foil roasting pan in neat rows, leaving 1 to 2 inches in between the holes. Invert the pan and place paper cooler cups in the holes to hold them upright during baking.nSift together the 3 cups sugar, flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Transfer to a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or use a hand mixer and blend briefly. Whisk together the eggs, milk, oil, and vanilla extract in a medium bowl. Add to the dry ingredients and mix at low speed for 5 minutes. Gradually add the hot water, mixing at low speed just until combined. The batter will be quite thin.nPour the batter into the cups. Bake until a tester inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean a few crumbs are okay and the center feels firm to the touch, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool in the pan. Chill for 2 hours then peel off the paper being careful not to tear off the tip of the peak.nPlace cakes on a rack over a sheet pan lined with parchment paper and with a fork drizzle both colors of chocolate then stick on M  Ms and silver dragee to look like ornaments on a little Xmas tree., ingredients: [3 cups sugar, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 18 cups cocoa powder, preferably Dutchprocess, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 2 14 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups milk, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups very hot water, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted, 6 ounces white chocolate, melted, Red and green mini candy covered chocolates recommended: M  Ms, Silver dragee], title: Moist Chocolate Cake Xmas Trees, picturelink: AmytEIHGKJPb4dQP1ux7giVIECbt6dm}, 1273: {instructions: Prepare Braised Duck with Red Curry, substituting vegetable oil instead of duck fat, and fish stock in place of duck stock. After cooking the sauce, add the mussels along with the stock and simmer mussels until shells open. After transferring to platter, remove mussels from shells and stir into warm sauce., ingredients: [4 pounds fresh mussels, washed and debearded], title: Red Curry with Mussels, picturelink: null}, 1274: {instructions: Preheat your grill to high or preheat a ridged grill pan until very hot.nRub the steaks with the olive oil and season them with salt. Grill the steaks for 3 to 4 minutes on each side for a mediumrare to medium, or longer for mediumwell or well done. Serve with Chimichurri SaucenTo make the Chimichurri, place the vinegar, lemon juice, parsley, oregano, and garlic in a blender and puree. With the motor running, add the olive oil, blending until the sauce comes together. Add the red pepper flakes and salt and pepper, to taste.nPlace in an airtight container and refrigerate for up to 1 day. Serve at room temperature.nYield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [3 pounds skirt steak, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, Chimichurri Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice from 12 lemon, 34 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 garlic cloves, roughly chopped, 13 cup olive oil, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and pepper], title: Argentinean Barbecued Steak, picturelink: Le53N4akWUmS0GfJa.F6AK1B0QRqfW6}, 1275: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nGenerously grease aluminum popover pans or custard cups with softened butter. Youll need enough pans to make 12 popovers. Place the pans in the oven for 2 minutes to preheat. Meanwhile, whisk together the flour, salt, thyme, eggs, milk, and melted butter until smooth. The batter will be thin. Fill the popover pans less than half full and bake for exactly 30 minutes. Do not peek.nServe hot., ingredients: [Softened butter for greasing pans, plus 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 3 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 1 12 cups whole milk, at room temperature], title: Thyme Popovers, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 1276: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 4by8by2inch loaf pan.nToss the blueberries in 2 tablespoons of the flour in a medium bowl and set aside.nBeat together the butter, granulated sugar, eggs, lemon zest and lemon juice in the bowl of an electric mixer. Sift together the baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt and remaining 1 12 cups flour in a medium bowl. Add the flour mixture and milk to the butter mixture in alternating batches, beginning and ending with the flour. Fold in the pecans and blueberries. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the loaf comes out clean, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes in the pan, then turn out onto a wire rack.nFor the glaze: Stir together 2 tablespoons lemon juice with the confectioners sugar in a small bowl until completely smooth. Reserve the remaining lemon juice for another use. Drizzle the glaze over the top of the loaf while it is still warm, allowing it to drip down the sides. Serve the loaf warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing the pan, 1 cup fresh blueberries, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 lemon, zested and juiced about 3 tablespoons of each, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Kosher salt, 12 cup milk, 12 cup chopped pecans, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 confectioners sugar], title: LemonBlueberry Bread, picturelink: 4X70vt2F0DrJXVwy0IHAqTBgPPejD.i}, 1277: {instructions: On a lightly floured surface roll out 1 sheet of pastry 18inch thick about 15 inches in diameter and, using Brie as a guide, cut out 1 round the size of the Brie. With a 2 34inch star shaped cutter cut out 5 stars from trimmings. Reserve pastry round and stars.nHalve Brie horizontally. Roll out remaining sheet of pastry 18inch thick about 15 inches in diameter and transfer to a shallow baking pan, about 15 12 by 10 12 inches. Center bottom half of Brie, cut side up, on pastry in pan and spread 12 cup tomato chutney to within 12 inch of Brie edge. Top chutney with remaining half of Brie, cut side down.nWithout stretching pastry, wrap up over Brie and trim excess to leave a 1inch border on top of Brie. Brush border with some egg and top with reserved pastry round, pressing edges of dough together gently but firmly to seal. Brush top of pastry with some remaining egg and arrange reserved stars decoratively on it. Lightly brush stars with some remaining egg, being careful not to let egg drip over edges of stars, which would prevent them from rising. With the back of a table knife gently score side of pastry with vertical marks, being careful not to pierce dough. Chill Brie, uncovered, 30 minutes to set egg wash. Brie may be made to this point 1 day ahead and kept chilled, covered loosely.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees. Bake Brie in middle of oven 20 minutes, or until puffed and golden. Let Brie stand in pan on a rack about 20 minutes for very runny melted cheese, about 40 minutes for thicker melted cheese, and serve with remaining tomato chutney.nIn a heavy kettle combine all ingredients. Cook mixture over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes. Reduce heat to low and simmer mixture, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes more, or until thickened and reduced to about 2 12 cups. Chutney keeps chilled, covered, 3 months. Yield: 2 12 cups, ingredients: [1pound package frozen puff pastry sheets, thawed, 17 14ounce wheel Brie, chilled, 2 12 cups tomato chutney recipe follows, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 28 to 32ounce can whole tomatoes with juice, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped about 1 cup, Zest of 1 lemon, removed with vegetable peeler and minced, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup cider vinegar, 13 cup dried currants, 1 12 teaspoons mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Baked Brie en Croute with Tomato Chutney, picturelink: null}, 1278: {instructions: Special equipment: a large, flat serving platter a large pastry bag fitted with a star tip a small pastry bag fitted with a round tipnFor the gingermolasses frosting: Beat the butter, molasses and chocolatehazelnut spread with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a large bowl until completely smooth. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add the confectioners sugar, cocoa, ginger, vanilla and salt and beat on medium low, increasing the speed as the ingredients begin to incorporate. Beat on medium high for a few seconds until the frosting is completely smooth.nFor the gingerbread man: Arrange the cupcakes on the platter in a gingerbread man shape use about 14 cupcakes to make the head, 14 to make the arms and chest and 20 to make the tummy, legs and feet.nTransfer the frosting to a large pastry bag fitted with a star tip and pipe swirls to generously cover each cupcake top the frosting on each top should touch its neighbor. Then fill in any gaps with a squeeze of frosting. Decorate as desired with gumdrops and candies. Fill a small pastry bag fitted with a round tip with royal icing and use to decorate as desired., ingredients: [4 sticks 2 cups unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons unsulfured molasses, 1 tablespoon chocolatehazelnut spread, such as Nutella, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 48 mini cupcakes preferably gingerbread, liners removed, Assorted gumdrops, candies and royal icing, for decorating], title: PullApart Gingerbread Man, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 1279: {instructions: Reserve 14 cup of the syrup and drain peaches. In a blender combine the peaches with reserved syrup and pulse until smooth. Pour mixture into glasses and add Prosecco., ingredients: [1 15 14ounce can peach halves in heavy syrup, 1 750ml bottle Prosecco, chilled], title: Bellini Cocktails, picturelink: QoRWO28VYzwxO6J7FsRiB4UKcYeIhTe}, 1280: {instructions: To make the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, truffle paste, olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Set aside.nTo make the crostini: Preheat the broiler.nBrush the cut sides of the baguette slices with olive oil, and place under the broiler just until the bread is toasted on both sides. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and the butter over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and saute until they are tender and the juices, if any, have cooked away. Wild mushrooms release almost no juices. If the mushrooms seem dry, add a few drops of chicken stock or water and continue to cook until theyre nice and tender and any remaining liquid has boiled away. You want the mushrooms to be dry, almost crisp on the outside. Add salt and a generous amount of pepper, and set aside.nSpread or spoon about 1 12 teaspoons Camembert on each slice of toast. Broil for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the cheese has melted or maybe even disappeared.nTo assemble: Reheat the mushrooms if they have cooled, or, if you prefer, keep them at room temperature.nToss the lettuce and eggs with the dressing. Distribute on individual salad plates. Place four crostini on each plate, and top each one with about 1 tablespoon of the mushrooms. Sprinkle with a little parsley, and serve., ingredients: [1 regular sourdough baguette, about 3 inches in diameter, cut into 32 14inchthick slices, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil for brushing the bread, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 portobello mushrooms about 34 pound total, stems removed, caps sliced 14 inch thick, then cut crosswise into quarters, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, caps sliced 14 inch thick, then cut crosswise into thirds, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 ounces Camembert cheese, such as Old Chathams Hudson Valley Camembert, at room temperature or use brie or another softripened cheese, 3 heads butter lettuce, washed and torn into large pieces, 4 hardboiled eggs, finely grated or pressed through a sieve, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Mushroom and Camembert Crostini on Butter Lettuce with Truffle Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 1281: {instructions: Bring 34 cup white vinegar, 14 cup orange juice, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 2 thinly sliced red onions, 1 tablespoon each sugar and kosher salt, 2 bay leaves and 1 teaspoon coriander seeds to a simmer in a saucepan. Transfer to a nonreactive bowl and let cool, stirring occasionally. Serve at room temperature or cover and refrigerate up to 4 days.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Pickled Red Onions, picturelink: v9BWr5kfukWFEHkBXYS1qcif.wYAgeK}, 1282: {instructions: In a medium sauce pot heat oil to 350 degrees F.nClean and julienne leeks. Sift cornstarch and flour together. Dust leeks in flourcornstarch and fry until golden brown, about 30 seconds. Drain on a paper towel, season with salt. See Cooks Note., ingredients: [2 cups vegetable oil, 1 large leek, 1 cup cornstarch, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Fine sea salt], title: Fried Leeks, picturelink: null}, 1283: {instructions: Coat both sides of each panatone slice with melted butter Toast both sides on griddle pan until golden brown In a separate bowl, combine marscapone cheese and a splash of sherry. Mix until fluffy and set aside to come to room temperature.nTo serve: place toasted slice of panatone on a plate. Serve with a dollop of the Marscapone topping, a drizzle of honey and some grated bittersweet chocolate., ingredients: [toasted panatone slices, or pound cake, melted butter, mascarpone cheese, splash of oloroso sherry, drizzle of honey, grated bittersweet chocolate], title: Grilled Panatone, picturelink: null}, 1284: {instructions: Toss the sesame seeds, poppy seeds, dried onion flakes, dried garlic flakes and salt together in a small bowl. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 month., ingredients: [14 cup sesame seeds, 14 cup poppy seeds, 3 tablespoons dried onion flakes, 3 tablespoons dried garlic flakes, 2 tablespoons coarse sea salt], title: Everything Bagel Seasoning Mix, picturelink: i546p3AlQc3TJVBe7fOi9Tljw6SsQJ.}, 1285: {instructions: For the stuffed chicken: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCarefully slice a slit along edge of the thickest part of each chicken breast to create a pocket. Stuff a slice of prosciutto and 1ounce mozzarella into each, secure with toothpicks as needed, and place on a baking sheet. Season with salt and pepper and brush with olive oil. Place in the oven and roast until fork tender about 45 to 50 minutes.nFor the Orange Beurre Blanc:nCombine the orange juice and wine in a saucepan and simmering on medium heat until reduced by half the volume. Stir in heavy cream, bring to a gentle simmer, and allow to reduce and thicken over low heat. Stir in parsley and set aside briefly in a warm place.nRemove any toothpicks from chicken and place on serving dish. Whisk butter into sauce just before serving, and drizzle sauce around and over the chicken., ingredients: [8 6ounce boneless chicken breasts, skin on, 8 slices prosciutto, 8 ounces shredded mozzarella, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for brushing, 1 cup orange juice, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley leaves, very finely chopped, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, cut into cubes], title: Prosciutto and Mozzarella Stuffed Chicken with Orange Beurre Blanc Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1286: {instructions: Saute the onions and garlic in the oil for about 10 minutes or until tender. Add the tomatoes, chicken broth and green chilis and simmer, uncovered for 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Meanwhile in a dry iron skillet toast the sesame seeds and peanuts for a few minutes or until they begin to smell roasted, then add the cinnamon, cloves, cumin, oregano and chili powder and toast for a few seconds. Remove and cool slightly, then puree with the raisins to form a paste.nAdd the chicken to the sauce and simmer 3 minutes to cook through add the smoked chicken and simmer another 3 minutes to warm through. Add the chocolate and simmer a minute until melted. Stir in the paste and simmer until thickened to the proper consistency. Meanwhile warm the tortillas on the oven.nTo assemble, put some spoonfuls of chicken and sauce in the middle of a warm tortillas and roll up, top with more spoonfuls of sauce, sour cream and cilantro., ingredients: [2 medium size onions, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large tomatoes, chopped, 1 cup chicken broth, 14 cup canned green chiles, chopped, 2 tablespoons each sesame seeds and dryroasted unsalted peanuts, 14 teaspoon each of ground cinnamon, cloves, 1 teaspoon each of ground cumin and dried oregano, 2 tablespoons ground chili powder, 14 cup golden raisins, 12 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts cut into 2inch long by 13inch strips, 12 ounce unsweetened chocolate, grated or cut into fine pieces, 8 large flour tortillas, Sour cream, and chopped cilantro for garnish, optional], title: Quick Chicken Mole in Tortillas, picturelink: null}, 1287: {instructions: In a large bowl, add chicken with wine, garlic, thyme, bay leaf and the whole parsley stems. Cover and marinate for 24 hours in the refrigerator. Remove chicken from marinade and pat dry, reserving marinade. Season chicken with salt and pepper. In a large Dutch oven, sear chicken on all sides in 2 tablespoons oil over medium heat until golden brown. Remove to a plate.nIn the same pot add more oil, if needed, and saute the onions, carrot and celery until tender. Add cayenne pepper and tomato paste and cook until tomatoes turn a deep reddish brown color. Add flour and stir until incorporated then pour in reserved marinade. Stir and simmer until thickened about 10 minutes. Add chicken back to the pot and pour in enough stock to just come up the sides of the chicken but not cover it completely. Bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer and cook covered for about 1 hour or until the chicken falls off the bone.nGently remove legs from pot and strain liquid from the solids, discarding the solids. Return chicken and strained liquid back to the Dutch oven and bring to a simmer. Heat a large saute pan with remaining 2 tablespoons oil over mediumhigh heat and add bacon. Cook until crispy then add mushrooms and pearl onions. Continue to cook until tender and browned. Add mixture back to the pot with the chicken. Toss the noodles with butter. Place the noodles on a serving platter or individual plates and top with the chicken. Garnish with chopped parsley and serve., ingredients: [4 chicken legs, thighs and drumsticks kept attached, skin removed, 1 bottle red wine, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 bay leaf, 1 bunch fresh parsley, half whole, half chopped, 14 cup olive oil, 1 Vidalia onion, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 cups chicken stock, 12 pound thickcut bacon, cut in fours, 1 pound button mushrooms, halved, 8 ounces frozen pearl onions, thawed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound pappardelle noodles, cooked al dente, warm, 3 tablespoons butter], title: Coq au Vin, picturelink: 44P7MFwcouD8ojdK5G2MyM99FM2yycW}, 1288: {instructions: Pour the oil into a deep fryer or heavy saucepan to reach halfway up the sides and heat to 325 degrees F, use a deepfry thermometer to determine this. While the oil is heating, peel the skin off the potatoes and cut them into uniform 14inch sticks feel free to use a knife, mandoline, or French fry cutter. Dry the potato sticks thoroughly to keep the hot oil from splattering.nFry the potatoes in batches so the pot isnt crowded and the oil temperature does not plummet. Cook the French fries for 3 minutes, until soft but not browned. Remove the fries with a longhandled metal strainer and drain on brown paper bags.nIncrease the oil temperature to 375 degrees F. Return the parfried potatoes to the oil and cook a second time for 2 minutes, or until golden and crispy. Drain on fresh brown paper bags then place in a serving bowl. Salt the fries while theyre still hot and pour the parsley butter on top toss gently to combine. Wrap the pommes frites in parchment paper cones and stick them in the bottom of mini martini shakers for serving individually.nTo make the parsley butter: combine the butter, parsley, and garlic in a saucepan over medium heat. Swirl the pan around until the butter is completely melted., ingredients: [12 gallon vegetable oil, 8 medium Idaho potatoes, peeled, Sea salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cut in chunks, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 garlic cloves, minced], title: Pommes Frites with Parsley Butter, picturelink: null}, 1289: {instructions: In a small bowl, stir together broth, vermouth, soy sauce, and sesame oil.nIn a large skillet heat vegetable oil over moderately high heat until very hot. Add scallions, gingerroot, and shrimp, cook for 1 minute, and transfer to a platter. Add rice and cook until crispy. Add everything back to the pan, add the eggs, and cook until scrambled. Add the peas and cook, stirring for 2 to 3 minutes or until crispy. Add broth mixture and stir to mix well.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. When it comes to a boil, add salt and then rice. Stir and then boil for 15 minutes or until just cooked. Drain, toss with butter, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve.nCooks note: 1 cup raw equals 3 cups cooked.nYield: 4 cups cooked rice, ingredients: [2 tablespoons chicken broth, 2 tablespoons dry white vermouth or white wine, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup chopped scallions, 1 tablespoon minced fresh gingerroot, 34 pound cooked and peeled medium shrimp, chopped, 4 cups cooked long grain white rice, recipe follows, 2 large eggs, beaten lightly, 1 package defrosted frozen peas, 1 13 cups long grain rice, 1 to 2 tablespoons butter, Salt], title: Shrimp Fried Rice, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 1290: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat a Dutch oven with olive oil and bring to mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the chuck roast generously with salt, add it to the Dutch oven and brown it on all sides. Remove from the pan and reserve. Drain the excess oil, lower the heat to medium, add a few drops of new oil and add the celery, onions and crushed red pepper to the pan. Season the vegetables with salt and cook until they are soft and very aromatic, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Toss in the vinegar, stir to combine and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Taste and adjust the seasoning if needed. Toss in the bay leaves, orange strips, star anise and thyme bundle. Return the meat to the pan, and add 4 cups water. Add the orange zest. Cover the Dutch oven and put it in the oven for 1 hour. Remove the pan from the oven, turn the meat over and check the liquid level. If the liquid level has gone down, add about 12 cup water. Return the pan to the oven and cook for another hour.nRemove the pan from the oven. Remove the meat from the pan and add the squash, Jerusalem artichokes and figs. Taste, then add the chicken stock and adjust seasoning, if needed. Return the meat to the pan, cover and cook for another 30 minutes.nRemove the lid to the pan and roast until the squash and Jerusalem artichokes are tender and the liquid is reduced, another 15 to 20 minutes.nRemove the pan from the oven. Remove the meat from the pan and skim off any excess fat from the surface of the cooking liquid, if need be. Slice the meat in 12inch slices and serve with the veggies and pan juices., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, One 3pound chuck roast, tied, Kosher salt, 3 ribs celery, diced, 2 onions, diced, 1 pinch crushed red pepper, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 12 cup tomato paste, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 3 bay leaves, 2 star anise, 1 fresh thyme bundle, 2 strips orange zest removed from the orange with a vegetable peeler, 2 cups 12inch diced butternut squash, 1 12 cups 12inch diced Jerusalem artichokes, 6 to 8 dried figs, stems removed and quartered, 12 cup chicken stock], title: Pot Roast 2, picturelink: YRDn8UCpNB3r1DOY2mqK7jbIdn47IG}, 1291: {instructions: For the dressing: Whisk together the mayonnaise, buttermilk, lemon juice, cider vinegar, distilled vinegar, canola oil and sugar in a medium bowl. Add the salt, pepper, celery seeds, onion powder and granulated garlic combine well.nFor the slaw: Combine the shredded cabbage and carrots in a large bowl. Slowly add dressing, just enough to lightly coat the vegetables, and toss well. Taste, and add more dressing if desired. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [Dressing, 34 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup buttermilk, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 4 tablespoons distilled vinegar, 13 cup canola oil, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon granulated garlic, 14 teaspoon mustard powder, Slaw, 1 large head green cabbage, finely shredded a food processor or mandoline works well, 1 large carrot, finely shredded, rinsed and drained so the color doesnt transfer to the slaw], title: Tubs Coal Miners Slaw, picturelink: null}, 1292: {instructions: In a 1 12 to 2 quart saucepan toast sesame seeds in butter over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until golden and transfer to a small plate. In same pan bring water to a boil with salt and stir in rice. Reduce heat to moderately low and simmer rice, covered, until most liquid is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Stir in parsley and sesame seeds with any remaining butter on plate and fluff rice with fork., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup long grain white rice like Jasmine or Texmati, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves], title: Sesame Rice, picturelink: null}, 1293: {instructions: Fill a small saucepan a third of the way with water. Bring the water to a boil, then reduce to a low simmer. Place a glass bowl over the top of the saucepan, to create a double boiler, make sure the water does not touch the bottom of the bowl.nAdd the chocolate, coconut oil and a pinch of salt. Stir until the chocolate has melted and mixture is smooth and silky.nOff the heat, add the ginger and garam masala. Stir until well combined. Allow to cool slightly and then ladle a little over a scoop of ice cream. Sprinkle lightly with coarse sea salt, if using and ginger. Wait about 30 seconds for the chocolate to harden and then enjoynCombine the cinnamon sticks, cloves, green cardamom seeds, black cardamom seeds, if using, in a spice grinder or coffee grinder and grind until fine. Store the spice mix in an airtight container away from direct sunlight., ingredients: [8 ounces quality dark chocolate, coarsely chopped Do not use chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons coconut oil, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, plus extra for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon storebought or homemade garam masala, recipe follows, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, Coarse sea salt for sprinkling, optional, see Cooks Note, 3 large cinnamon sticks if you have the kind you get at Indian stores, its about 3 tablespoons of cinnamon bark bits, 3 tablespoons whole cloves, 14 cup green cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 2 tablespoons of seeds, 4 large black cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 1 tablespoon of seeds, optional], title: Homemade Magic Chocolate Sauce with Garam Masala and Ginger, picturelink: 07uWFqUw9HZF5NiYtaMLxU.ea2TJK}, 1294: {instructions: Combine the flour, salt and yeast in a large bowl. Stir in 2 cups warm water about 105 degrees F and 2 tablespoons olive oil with a wooden spoon until a shaggy dough forms. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until the dough rises slightly, about 1 hour.nUsing lightly floured hands, transfer the dough to a generously floured surface and knead several times until it just starts becoming smooth and elastic, about 1 minute do not overknead. Transfer to a lightly oiled large bowl. Tightly cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until almost doubled in size, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, place a pizza stone or inverted rimmed baking sheet on the lower oven rack and preheat to 500 degrees F.nBrush two rimmed 13by18inch baking sheets not nonstick with 3 tablespoons olive oil each. Place one piece of dough on each baking sheet. Prepare the pizzas one at a time: Cover the dough with plastic wrap, then press firmly with your hands to fill the bakingnRemove the plastic wrap and transfer the baking sheet to the hot pizza stone. Bake until the crust starts browning, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and carefully loosen the crust from the pan using a spatula. Top and bake or let cool, lightly wrap in plastic and set aside up to 8 hours.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [4 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon rapidrise instant yeast, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the bowl], title: Prebaked Pizza Crust, picturelink: 1miBqe5N1ARDjuIZLmVvFlCvr5t8NyO}, 1295: {instructions: Coat a large, wide, deep pan with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Pat the chicken skin dry with paper towels and season generously with salt. Add chicken skin side down to the pan. You should hear a big sizzle as the thighs hit the pan. Do not try to move the chicken, the skin will stick itself to the bottom of the pan and will unstick itself when it is ready. If the pan is smoking excessively turn the burner down and continue to cook. When the skin is brown and crispy, turn the chicken over and brown it on the other side. Remove the chicken from the pan and reserve.nLower the heat if you have not already done so and ditch most of the excess fat. Add the pancetta and brown. When the pancetta has started to get brown and crispy add the onions. Season with salt and crushed red pepper and sweat over medium heat for 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another 1 to 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and saute for 3 to 4 minutes or until they release their juices. Add the wine and reduce by half. Return the chicken to the pan. Add chicken stock to almost cover the chicken. Add the thyme and bay leaves. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Simmer the chicken for 30 to 35 minutes. Add more chicken stock, if needed.nWhile the chicken is cooking puree the almonds in the food processor. Drizzle in a little olive oil while the machine is running to make this a loose paste. Season with salt and reserve.nOnce the chicken has cooked for 30 to 35 minutes, remove it from the pan and reserve. Taste the sauce for seasoning and stir in the almond puree. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer to thicken the sauce, if needed. The almond puree will help to thicken the sauce and to make it very rich.nServe the chicken over Sauteed Haricots Verts or your favorite green vegetable. Spoon the mushroom almond sauce over and garnish with chopped chives.nBring a large pot of well salted water to a boil. Set up a bowl of well salted ice water for shocking.nAdd the beans to the boiling water and cook until the beans are tender but still toothsome about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the boiling water and place immediately into the salted ice water. Once the beans are cool, remove them from the water and set aside until ready to use.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil. Add the garlic and the crushed red pepper and bring to a mediumhigh heat. When the garlic has become golden and very aromatic, remove it and discard. It has fulfilled its garlic destiny. Add the beans to the pan and saute until they are hot and coated with oil. Season with salt and serve right away.nYield: 4 servingsnPrep time: 10 minutesnCook time: 10 minutes, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 8 chicken thighs, Kosher salt, 12 pound pancetta, cut into 12inch dice, 2 large onions, julienned, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 pounds assorted mushrooms, such as shiitake, oyster or cremini, cleaned and sliced, 2 cups dry white wine, 4 to 6 cups chicken stock, 1 bundle thyme, 4 bay leaves, 12 cup whole blanched almonds, toasted, Sauteed Haricots Verts, recipe follows, Chopped chives, for garnish, 12 pound haricots verts baby string beans, stem ends removed, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt], title: Braised Chicken with Mushrooms and Almonds, picturelink: RWdnl9ORphr9HbuSS3lgC5wWIRY3F7a}, 1296: {instructions: Peel off the skin. Boil it.nChilli mixnAdd all chillies  grind it., ingredients: [1 chopped onion, 2 tomatoes, 4 grreen chillies], title: Tst, picturelink: null}, 1297: {instructions: Quarter and seed tomatoes. Dice the tomatoes and transfer to a bowl. Finely chop enough onion to measure 12 cup and chop cilantro. Stir chiles, onion, cilantro, and garlic into tomatoes with sugar and lime juice and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 pounds vineripened red andor orange tomatoes about 5 medium, 12 medium onion preferably white, 1 cup fresh cilantro sprigs, 4 fresh serrano or jalapeno chiles, seeded and chopped, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fresh Tomato Salsa, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 1298: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor, pulse the cauliflower, mushrooms onions and Brussels sprouts in separate batches. Mix together in a large bowl. Mix in a little oil and salt. Spread out on a baking pan and roast, stirring every 15 minutes, for 1 hour let cool. This step is important because roasting helps evaporate moisture from the vegetables and adds deep roasted flavor to the final product.nToss the chickpeas with the potato starch, then grind with a meat grinder or pulse in a food processor.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the ground chickpeas and roasted vegetables with the lentils, oats, pumpkin seeds, quinoa, smoked paprika, cayenne, chile powder, curry powder, garlic powder, mustard powder, sage powder, sorghum, black pepper, white pepper and cider vinegar. Mix thoroughly by hand. Refrigerate for a few hours to let the oats absorb the oil and moisture.nForm into 8 patties. Cook in oil in a skillet over medium heat until golden brown and hot throughout. Serve on buns with your favorite burger toppings., ingredients: [12 head cauliflower, cored and divided into florets, 4 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, 12 cup diced yellow onion, 12 cup Brussels sprouts, Oil, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 cans chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons potato starch, 12 cup cooked lentils, 12 cup glutenfree oats, 12 cup toasted pumpkin seeds, 12 cup cooked quinoa, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 12 teaspoon curry powder, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon mustard powder, 12 teaspoon sage powder, 12 teaspoon sorghum syrup, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon cider vinegar, 8 hamburger buns, Serving suggestion: your favorite burger toppings], title: Veggie Burger, picturelink: pmS9QHgJyXhBiTZWvqL7wxoWcK5t.y}, 1299: {instructions: Put peeled and quartered potatoes in a large pot, cover with cold water, and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce to a simmer and cook until fork tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and put potatoes in a large mixing bowl. With a handheld mixer on low speed, break up potatoes. Add sour cream, butter, 14 cup buttermilk, and 2 teaspoons prepared wasabi and whip potatoes on medium speed. Add more buttermilk until the desired consistency is reached. Season with salt and white pepper, to taste. Garnish with the remaining wasabi and green onions., ingredients: [2 pounds white potatoes, peeled and quartered, 4 ounces sour cream, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup buttermilk, 3 teaspoons prepared wasabi, Salt and white pepper, 3 green onions, sliced for garnish], title: Wasabi Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: ZymtpPM5mt4zd07hkfVu92JFY7OskW}, 1300: {instructions: Pour all ingredients in blender over ice. Blend until smooth. Pour into a 12ounce glass and float with 151proof rum., ingredients: [4 ounces light rum, 4 ounces dark rum, 4 ounces blackberry brandy, 4 ounces creme de banana, 4 ounces lime juice, 8 ounces sour mix, 4 cups ice, 2 ounces 151proof rum], title: Rum Runner, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 1301: {instructions: Preheat Oven to 450 degrees F. Place mushrooms and 14 tablespoon olive oil in a bowl.nSprinkle w salt and pepper and oregano and toss to distribute oil and seasonings. Turn out into a rimmed baking sheet and set aside.nToss asparagus in remaining olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, place asparagus on another baking sheet.nPlace both baking sheets in oven and roast until asparagus is tender 1015 minutes depending on thickness and mushrooms are tender and golden approximately 20 minutes.nRemove from oven and arrange on platter. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound crimini or large button mushrooms, 14 tablespoon plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 112 pounds asparagus tough ends snapped off and bottom 13 peeled with vegetable peeler], title: Roasted Mushroom and Asparagus Platter, picturelink: null}, 1302: {instructions: Marinate steak in a bowl with oils, soy sauce, wine, garlic, scallions, black pepper, and sugar. Let stand at least 4 hours refrigerated.nOn a hot oiled grill, cook satays until medium rare.nOn a large plate, arrange red lettuce, noodles, and basil. Wrap beef, noodles, and basil with the lettuce, in amounts desired. Dip into the Sweet Chile Dipping Sauce.nSuggested drink: Singha BeernIn a hot saute pan, coat with oil and cook pepper, shallots, ginger, chiles, and lemongrass until soft. Deglaze with juice. Add honey and salt and check for seasoning. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 pound flank steak, sliced against the grain, 14 cup canola oil, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 14 cup thin soy sauce, 14 cup Shaoxing wine or red wine, 1 tablespoons minced garlic, 14 cup chopped scallions, 14 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 wooden skewers soaked in water, 2 cups soaked mung bean or rice vermicelli, 1 bunch Thai basil leaves, 12 red lettuce leaves, Sweet Chile Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 red bell pepper, minced, 2 shallots, minced, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 3 Thai bird chiles, minced, 1 tablespoon minced lemongrass, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Marinated Beef Satays with Sweet Chile Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1303: {instructions: Before you are ready to bake the pizzas, preheat the oven with a pizza stone inside for 30 minutes to 500 degrees F.nCut the salmon into paperthin slices. Reserve.nRoll or stretch the dough into 4 8inch circles. Place the pizzas on a lightly floured wooden peel. Brush the center of each pizza to within 1 inch of the edge with olive oil and sprinkle it with some of the red onion. Slide the pizza onto the stone and bake 8 to 12 minutes or until crust is golden brown. Remember that the oven is very hot and be careful as you place the pizza into and out of the oven.nMix the dill with the sour cream or creme fraiche and freshly ground pepper to taste. Transfer the pizzas to heated dinner plates and spread them with the sour cream mixture.nDivide the salmon, and arrange decoratively over the cream. Place a spoonful of golden caviar in the center of each pizza, then spoon a little of the black caviar into the center of the golden caviar.nPizza Dough:n1 package active dry or fresh yeastn1 teaspoon honeyn1 cup warm water 105 to 115 degreesn3 cups allpurpose flourn1 teaspoon kosher saltn1 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, plus additional for brushingnIn a small bowl, dissolve the yeast and honey in 14cup warm water.nIn a mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the flour and the salt. Add the oil, yeast mixture, and the remaining 34 cup of water and mix on low speed until the dough comes cleanly away from the sides of the bowl and clusters around the dough hook, about 5 minutes. The pizza dough can also be made in a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Pulse once or twice, add the remaining ingredients, and process until the dough begins to form a ball.nTurn the dough out onto a clean work surface and knead by hand 2 or 3 minutes longer. The dough should be smooth and firm. Cover the dough with a clean, damp towel and let it rise in a warm spot for about 30 minutes. When ready, the dough will stretch as it is lightly pulled.nDivide the dough into 4 balls, about 6 ounces each. Work each ball by pulling down the sides and tucking under the bottom of the ball. Repeat 4 or 5 times. Then on a smooth, unfloured surface, roll the ball under the palm of your hand until the top of the dough is smooth and firm, about 1 minute. Cover the dough with a damp towel and let rest 15 to 20 minutes. At this point, the balls can be wrapped in plastic and refrigerated for up to 2 days.nTo prepare each pizza, dip the ball of dough into flour, shake off the excess flour, place the dough on a clean, lightly floured surface, and start to stretch the dough. Press down on the center, spreading the dough into an 8inch circle, with the outer border a little thicker than the inner circle. If you find this difficult to do, use a small rolling pin to roll out the dough.nYield: 4 8inch pizzas, ingredients: [3 to 4 ounces smoked salmon, 1 recipe Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 medium red onion, cut into julienne strips, 14 bunch fresh dill, minced, plus 4 small sprigs, for garnish, 13 cup sour cream or creme fraiche, Freshly ground pepper, 4 heaping tablespoons domestic golden whitefish caviar, 1 heaping teaspoon black caviar], title: PIZZA WITH SMOKED SALMON AND CAVIAR, picturelink: null}, 1304: {instructions: Special equipment: 4inch round cookie cutternPreheat a gas or charcoal grill with a cover. The pizzettes can also be baked in the oven. Place an oven rack in the upper 13 of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Bake the pizzettes on a cornmealdusted baking sheet until the crust is golden, 12 to 14 minutes.nDust a baking sheet with cornmeal. Set aside. Using a mandoline slicer, slice the apples and beets into 116 to 18inch thick slices. Set aside.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough into a 13inch diameter circle. Using a 4inch round cookie cutter, cut out 6 circles of dough and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Divide the fontina and sprinkle on top of each circle of dough. Divide the apple and beet slices and place on top. Add the goat cheese and sprinkle with herbes de Provence. Drizzle with olive oil and place on the grill over low, indirect heat. Cover the grill and cook until the crust is crisp and golden and the cheese begins to melt, 8 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [Cornmeal, for dusting, 12 medium apple, such as honey crisp or Pippin, unpeeled and cored, 2 small red beets, Flour, for dusting, 1 1 pound ball storebought pizza dough, 1 cup 4 ounces shredded fontina or mozzarella see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons goat cheese, crumbled about 2 ounces, 1 tablespoon herbes de Provence, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Beet, Apple, and Cheese Pizzettes, picturelink: DDfs9tvguIvDzOjYEkjXi6kXpkQjpLy}, 1305: {instructions: Preheat oven with a pizza stone to 350 degrees F. The pizza stone will help get a crisp pie crust.nIn a large bowl, mix the egg, egg whites, dark corn syrup, sugar substitute, maple syrup, salt, pecans, and vanilla until well blended.nPour the pecan mixture into the prepared pie shell.nTransfer the pie to the oven and bake for 45 minutes, or until set. Remove from oven and allow to cool.nIn a medium bowl, fold the bourbon into the whipped topping.nCarefully cut pie into 8 servings. Garnish each serving with a dollop of the bourbon cream.nIn a large bowl, mix 1 14 cups of flour, sugar substitute, baking powder, and salt. Cut the butter into the dough until the butter is in small chunks.nSlowly add the milk and mix with 2 forks until the dough holds together.nPat the dough into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap. Allow dough to rest in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and roll out on a lightly floured surface. Place dough into a pie tin. Fold under excess dough and crimp edges. Place back into refrigerator until needed.nYield: 1 pie shell, ingredients: [1 large egg, 4 large egg whites, 1 cup dark corn syrup, 12 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 14 cup maple syrup, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup pecans, chopped, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 Light Pie Shell, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon bourbon, 1 cup fatfree whipped topping, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus 1 tablespoon for dusting surface, 2 tablespoons sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 12 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup fatfree milk], title: Pecan Pie, picturelink: null}, 1306: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a slow cooker. Cook on high setting for 1 hour. Reduce to warm to hold temperature.nPlace a cinnamon stick in each glass and ladle warm sangria into glasses. Be sure to include some fruit in the glasses.nCooks note: To make simple syrup, combine 12 cup sugar with 12 cup water in a saucepan. Bring to a boil reduce to a simmer. Stirring occasionally, simmer for 5 minutes or until sugar is dissolved., ingredients: [3 14 cups rioja Spanish red wine, 3 14 cups white wine, 1 cup brandy, 1 orange, sliced, 1 cup frozen cherries, 1 cup frozen peaches, 2 cinnamon sticks, plus 1 for each glass for garnish, 12 cup simple syrup], title: Hottie Sangria, picturelink: null}, 1307: {instructions: Spice Rub Mix: Mix together all ingredients.nRibs: Preheat gas grill on low for 12 hour. If using charcoal, let the coals burn to embers, also about 12 hour after lighting.nCut the rib racks in half horizontally along the bone. Season the ribs with a 12 of the spice rub mix. In a large roasting pan, add chicken stock, beer, and the bay leaves. Lower the ribs into the liquid. Bring up to a simmer and poach the ribs for 15 minutes.nTake the ribs out of the liquid and season them with the other 12 of the spice rub on both sides. While respicing the ribs, bring the liquid up to a boil over low heat to reduce.nTake the ribs outside to the grill. The coals should be at the ember stage. Gas grills stay on low. Place ribs on the grill and cover to smoke for 2 hours. While ribs are cooking, the sauce can be finished.nAdd the olive oil to a large, preheated saute pan. Add the poblanos and onions, and saute for 5 or 6 minutes, until caramelized. Add the garlic, carrots, and jalapenos and saute another 3 minutes. Add the Roma tomatoes and let it simmer 20 minutes. Add the molasses, honey, and chipotle with adobo sauce. Add the orange, then salt and pepper. When the initial braising liquid has reduced by half, add this to the sauce mixture. Let everything simmer for 20 minutes, or pop in a preheated 350 degrees F oven for 20 minutes.nBlend sauce mixture in a blender or food processor until smooth. Stir in red wine vinegar and lime juice.nBring sauce to grill and brush on ribs for the last half hour of grilling., ingredients: [4 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon toasted and ground cumin, 1 tablespoon toasted and ground coriander, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon grated lime zest, 1 tablespoon crumbled achiote, 3 racks baby back pork ribs about 5 pounds, 1 quart chicken stock, 64 ounces beer, 3 bay leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 poblano chiles, seeded and chopped, 3 medium onions, roughly cut, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 carrots, roughly chopped, 2 sliced and seeded jalapeno chile peppers, Two 20ounce cans Roma tomatoes, 34 cups molasses, 1 cup honey, One 2ounce can chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, 1 orange, peeled with pith removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup red wine vinegar, 34 cup lime juice], title: Jan Birnbaums New OrleansStyle Babyback Beer Ribs, picturelink: GabZjsvxmUlWed5EqaUBKSHiU48d35e}, 1308: {instructions: In a bowl cream together the cheese and butter until the mixture is smooth. In a saucepan boil the wine with the peppercorns until it is reduced about 1 tablespoon, add the cream, and boil the liquid until it is reduced by half. Reduce the heat to moderately low, whisk the cheese mixture, a little at a time, into the cream mixture, and whisk in the parsley. Remove the pan from the heat and keep the sauce warm.nPreheat a grill pan. Pat steaks dry and season with salt and pepper. Grill steaks 4 to 5 minutes on each side for medium rare. Let the steak stand on a cutting board for 10 minutes. Slice thin and serve with the Stilton sauce and watercress., ingredients: [12 pound Stilton, softened 1 cup, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 4 teaspoons freezedried green peppercorns, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 teaspoons minced fresh parsley leaves, Two 1inch thick ribeye steak about 1 pound], title: Rib Eye Steak with Stilton Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1309: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the farro in a large pot of cold water and bring to a boil. Simmer for 15 to 20 minutes to parcook the farro, and then drain and set aside.nIn a heavybased pot, add the butter and oil. Add the mushrooms, garlic and shallots and saute until just tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Deglaze with the white wine. Add the drained farro and stir to combine. Add the chicken stock to the pot a little at a time, ensuring at each addition that the liquid has been completely absorbed by the farro. Keep stirring and adding the stock until the mixture is thick and creamy.nAdd the sundried tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper, and then add the Parmesan, sour cream and parsley., ingredients: [1 cup farro, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cups assorted wild mushrooms cremini, shiitake, oyster, wood ear, cleaned and roughly chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 shallot, finely diced, 12 cup dry white wine, 6 cups 1 12 quarts lowsodium chicken stock, warmed, 12 cup diced rehydrated sundried tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, 12 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Wild Mushroom and SunDried Tomato Farrotto Farro Risotto, picturelink: NFYcKud5Ch8f1dgQnBfEyMQQkMVl6}, 1310: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nIn a medium saucepan, over a medium heat, melt the butter. Cook the onion until translucent. Add garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the corn kernels and salt, then cover the pan and reduce the heat. Cook until the kernels are tender, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the epazote. Set aside to cool.nSlit the chiles down the sides and carefully remove the seeds, leaving the top and stalk intact.nStuff the chiles with the corn mixture. Put a slice of the cheese in the center of the filling.nIn a shallow ovenproof dish, place the chiles over the Arroz Blanco, gently pushing them into the rice. Pour the crema over them and bake until heated through, about 15 to 20 minutes. Sprinkle with the grated Manchego cheese and continue to bake just until the cheese is melted.nWhisk the cream and the buttermilk together in a bowl. Cover and set in a warm place a gas oven with just the heat from the pilot light is fine for 8 hours. Crema may be kept in the refrigerator for as long as a week.nRinse the rice in cold water until water runs clear. Let the rice drain for a few minutes.nIn a medium size saucepan with a tightfitting lid, heat the oil over a medium low heat. Add the onion and cook until translucent, stirring constantly. Add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Add the rice and cook just until the grains are coated with the oil. Add the water and cook, uncovered, over a medium heat until the liquid has been absorbed and small air holes appear on the top of the rice. Do not stir. Wrap the lid of the saucepan with a small terry cloth dish towel. Place the lid tightly over the saucepan so that none of the steam can escape. Set aside in a warm place for about 20 to 30 minutes, so that the rice can continue to cook and the grains expand.nStir the rice well before serving., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter or safflower oil, 1 medium white onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 3 cups fresh corn kernels, 1 12 teaspoons sea salt, or to taste, 3 tablespoons finely chopped epazote, 6 large poblano chiles, roasted and peeled, 12 pound queso fresco, cut into 6 thick slices, 2 cups Mexican crema, recipe follows, 3 ounces Manchego cheese, grated, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup buttermilk, 1 12 cups long grain unconverted white rice, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 medium white onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, peeled and minced 3 12 cups water], title: Chiles Rellenos de Elote con Arroz Blanco, picturelink: null}, 1311: {instructions: Pat scallops dry completely. Toss the scallops and 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce together in a bowl. In a medium nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the scallops and cook until opaque in color, turning occasionally. Remove the scallops. In another small saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the bean sprouts. Add the remaining hoisin sauce and saute the bean sprouts until they are warmed through, but still crispy. Remove the sprouts and let cool.nPlace the pliable spring roll wrappers on a clean surface. Divide the scallions, carrots, zucchini, and crab meat evenly among the wrappers. Fold the sides in, then roll the wrapper up, like a burrito, so the filling cant fall out. Serve the spring rolls with the Tropical Fruit Salad.nMix the papaya, mango, lemon juice, ginger, and honey in a bowl. Toss to combine well. Garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [12 pound scallops, cleaned, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, divided, 4 ounces bean sprouts, 4 rice spring roll wrappers, soaked in water until pliable, 8 yellow chile peppers, julienned, 2 scallions, julienned, 1 carrot, julienned, 1 yellow zucchini, julienned, 4 ounces crab meat, Tropical Fruit Salad, recipe follows, 1 cup chopped papaya, 12 cup chopped mango, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon honey, Sprig fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Yellow Chile Spring Rolls and Tropical Fruit Salad, picturelink: EhGi.RdzBmFucgbSRaZUBLDRDJom5m}, 1312: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the salad: Add the green beans, celery, avocado, carrot, romaine, cucumber, cheese and basil to a large bowel. Mix together. For the dressing: Whisk together the olive oil, red wine vinegar and some salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add the salad ingredients and toss well., ingredients: [1 cup slender green beans, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 avocado, diced, 1 carrot, peeled and diced, 1 heart of romaine, diced, 12 English cucumber, diced, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese or feta, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chopped Crunch Salad, picturelink: apJkoBnXriin9Q8x2hJdLzSAjQurvq}, 1313: {instructions: Bring 4 cups of the water and 2 teaspoons of salt to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Slowly whisk in the grits and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and continue cooking until the grits are soft and have lost their gritty texture, whisking every few minutes, 15 to 20 minutes. If the mixture becomes too thick, add remaining water and continue cooking until absorbed. Add the cheese and whisk until smooth season with salt and pepper.nPlace bacon in a medium pan over medium heat and cook until golden brown and crisp and the fat has rendered. Remove bacon with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels.nRemove all but 2 tablespoons of the bacon fat from the pan and place back on the heat. Add the olive oil and increase the heat to high Season the shrimp with salt and pepper, and add to the pan with the garlic. Saute until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Remove shrimp to a plate. Reserve the garlic oil to drizzle over the finished dish.nDivide the grits among 4 bowls and top each with 5 shrimp. Drizzle the top with some of the bacongarlic oil that the shrimp were sauteed in and sprinkle with some of the green onion., ingredients: [4 to 5 cups shrimp stock, Salt, 1 cup yellow stone ground cornmeal, 1 cup grated white Cheddar, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 green onions, thinly sliced, for garnish, 12 pound thick doublesmoked cut bacon, cut into lardons, 2 tablespoons pure olive oil, 20 large 21 to 24 count shrimp, shelled and deveined, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Bar Americains Gulf Shrimp and Grits, picturelink: lC9FSvd6nrreN83z00bos5VGLwTTmT2}, 1314: {instructions: Special equipment: mandolinnSweetbreads:nIn a stainless steel pot, add the butter and turn on the flame to medium. Let the butter melt and then add the onions and let them slowly cook until translucent. Make a simple court bouillon chop the carrots, celery, 1 whole lemon, cut in half and add to a medium saucepan. Add 2 to 3 cups of water and bring to a boil. Add salt. Once the liquid is boiling, add the sweetbreads and cook for about 10 minutes.nOnce the sweetbreads have been blanching for 10 minutes, take them out and drop them in an ice bath. Let them cool down for about 3 to 5 minutes, take them out and peel off the outer membrane and discard. Cut the sweetbreads in 1 to 2ounce pieces and reserve. In a high speed blender, add the onions and the cream, smoked paprika and about 4 ounces of the sweetbreads. Puree until a smooth consistency is reached, season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nHeat in a medium size pot with the vegetable oil bring it up to 350 degrees F. Coat the remaining sweetbreads with allpurpose flour and fry them until golden brown and crispy. Season with salt and pepper and drain on paper towels.nAvocado:nIn the meantime, cut the avocado in half and peel off the skin. Using a mandolin, slice the avocado lengthwise and place in between two pieces of plastic wrap.nKobe:nTurn on a medium size skillet to high. Season the Kobe strips with salt and pepper. Add a small amount of oil to the skillet. Once the oil is smoking, add the strips and sear each side, should be done fast, the meat should be served rare. Cut the jalapeno in half, take the seeds out and finely dice. Burn the jalapeno with a torch until it is caramelized and mix with olive oil. Season, to taste, with salt and peppernReserve the meat and let it cool down to room temperature. Toss the meat with a good amount of lemon and lime zest, add this to the center of the avocado and begin to roll it like a cigar. Repeat with remaining avocado.nPlating:nCut the avocado roll into 4 pieces. Place some of the jalapeno mixture on the bottom of each plate. Add the cut avocado roll on top. Next, to the roll add a small amount of the paprika soubise sauce. Place a small piece of the crispy sweetbread on top of the sauce. Cut remaining lemons into wedges and place next to the sweetbread. Garnish with the watercress and a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [14 cup butter, 2 diced yellow onions, 2 carrots, 1 bunch celery, 4 lemons, divided, Salt, 3 pounds sweetbread, 14 cup cream, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 Hass avocados, 3 pounds cleaned and cut Kobe beef into 3inch long strips, Salt and pepper, Vegetable oil, 3 jalapenos, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 lemons, zested, 4 limes, zested, Watercress, for garnish], title: Kobe, Avocado and Sweetbreads, picturelink: null}, 1315: {instructions: Stem the figs and cut in 12. Place fig halves in a large pot or saute pan. Add wine, cognac, brown sugar, lemon peel and cinnamon sticks. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer. Simmer for approximately 20 minutes, or until liquids have reduced by 12. Let cool, then serve with a dollop of mascarpone cheese. Drizzle with liquid reduction. Top with lemon zest and a dusting of icing sugar., ingredients: [12 dried figs the Middle Eastern kind that are often packaged in the form of a ring, 3 cups hearty red wine, 3 ounces cognac optional, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 lemons, 1 peeled, 1 zested, 2 cinnamon sticks, 4 ounces mascarpone cheese, Icing sugar, for presentation], title: Poached Figs with Mascarpone, picturelink: null}, 1316: {instructions: 1. Fit pastry into 9inch pie plate according to package directions. Crimp edges.n2. In medium bowl stir together pie filling, cranberries, and almond extract. Spoon into pastry.n3. Crumble Kelloggsu00ae PopTartsu00ae Frosted Brown Sugar Cinnamon toaster pastries over top of pie. Sprinkle with nuts.n4. Baked at 375u00b0F, loosely covered with foil, for 30 minutes. Remove foil. Bake at 375u00b0F about 15 minutes more or until golden brown. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 refrigerated rolled pie pastry, 2 cans 21 oz. each apple pie filling, peach pie filling, or combination, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 teaspoon almond extract or vanilla, 4 KELLOGGSu00ae POPTARTSu00ae Frosted Brown Sugar Cinnamon toaster pastries, 14 cup finely chopped walnuts], title: Apple Cranberry Pie, picturelink: QCTZBYoBX3Wmcx5JlSEWsJuxED1bM2}, 1317: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nPat ribs dry with paper towels and season with salt and pepper on all sides.nHeat 2 tablespoons of butter in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the ribs and brown on all sides. Transfer the ribs to a plate, then add the garlic and stir until softened but not brown, about 1 minute. Carefully pour in the wine, bring to a boil and cook until reduced to about 1 cup. Add the ribs and any juices they have released back to the pot along with the stock. Reduce the heat and bring to a simmer, then cover the pot and transfer it to the oven, to braise, until the meat easily falls off the bone, about 3 hours.nTransfer the ribs to a plate and tent with foil to keep warm. Strain the braising liquid through a fine mesh sieve into a saucepan set over mediumhigh heat. Simmer the liquid, skimming fat as necessary, until thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter. Taste for seasoning and adjust, if necessary. Transfer the ribs and sauce to a serving dish and serve., ingredients: [4 English cut beef short ribs, trimmed roughly 8 ounces each, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 bottle full bodied red wine, such as Cabernet, 4 cups lowsodium vegetable stock, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed], title: Red Wine Braised Short Ribs, picturelink: chq88WEaMl6MqAWiMILiBgV7Gf6}, 1318: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Heat a 6to8quart Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat add the bacon and cook until lightly browned. Remove with a slotted spoon to a large plate, leaving the drippings in the pot.nPat the beef dry with paper towels season with salt and pepper. Add the beef to the pot in a single layer do this in batches sear for 3 to 5 minutes, turning to brown all over. Transfer with a slotted spoon to the plate with the bacon.nAdd the carrots and onions to the pot and cook until softened and slightly browned, 7 to 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, make a bouquet garni: Tie the thyme, bay leaf, garlic, parsley and celery together with twine nestle the garlic in the celery stalk.nReturn the bacon and beef to the pot. Add the flour and stir for a few minutes until the meat is coated. Stir in the tomato paste. Add the brandy and cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the red wine cook until reduced by half again, about 10 more minutes. Add the stock and bouquet garni bring to a low boil. Stir gently, then cover and transfer to the oven cook until the meat is tender and cooked through, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the pearl onions and cook until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Add the sugar and 14 cup water cook until the water evaporates and the onions are browned, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms cook until slightly softened and golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper set the skillet aside.nRemove the meat from the pot with a slotted spoon. Let the sauce sit for a few minutes, then skim off the fat and discard. Return the meat to the pot. Add the pearl onions and mushrooms heat through. Season with salt and pepper and garnish with parsley. For better flavor, make the dish a day ahead.nPhotograph by Lucy Schaeffer, ingredients: [6 strips thickcut bacon, chopped, 2 12 pounds flatiron or tritip beef, cut into 1 12inch cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 medium carrots, diced, 2 medium onions, diced, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 2 cloves garlic, 1 sprig fresh parsley, plus more for garnish, 1 4inch piece celery stalk, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 12 cup brandy, 2 cups burgundy, cotes du rhone or other dry red wine, 2 cups beef stock, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup pearl onions, peeled, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup quartered button mushrooms], title: Beef Bourguignonne, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 1319: {instructions: In a 9 by 13inch metal baking dish, combine all ingredients and whisk to blend. Put in the freezer and freeze for at least 3 to 4 hours making sure to stir every hour to create a chunky consistency.nServe in martini glasses. Garnish with canned peach segments., ingredients: [1 750ml bottle white wine, 3 tablespoons frozen orange juice, 1 tablespoon limeade, frozen concentrate, 1 cup peach nectar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons honey, Canned peaches, for garnish], title: Sangria Granita, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 1320: {instructions: Special equipment: a hot campfire with a grill grate or an oven preheated to 450 degrees FnSplit the hot dogs in half lengthwise, making a pocket but not cutting all the way through. Stuff each one with a string cheese. Starting at one end, wrap a slice of bacon around each stuffed hotdog, then place each on a square of foil and wrap up.nThrow the wrapped hotdogs on a hot campfire grill and cook, turning occasionally, until the hot dogs heat through, the cheese melts and the bacon slices crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. Set aside to cool for 5 minutes, then unwrap., ingredients: [30 beef hot dogs, 30 string cheeses, 30 slices rashers thinly cut bacon], title: Cheesy Bacon Hot Dogs, picturelink: 259jI4V2fEHQbV4EhZxTIqn7bds5NS}, 1321: {instructions: In a double boiler, heat the butter and chocolate together until the chocolate is almost completely melted. While heating up, beat together all the eggs, yolks, and sugar with a whisk or electric mixer until light and thick.nBeat together the melted chocolate and butter it should be quite warm. Pour in the egg mixture, and then quickly beat in the flour just until combined.nButter and lightly coat 8 4ounce ramekins with ground gingerbread. Tap the excess gingerbread off and then butter and gingerbread them again. Divide batter among the molds.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nBake the molds on a sheet tray for 6 to 7 minutes the center will still be quite soft, but the sides will be set. Then you know it is ready. Let rest for 10 seconds and then serve with whip cream., ingredients: [1 cup butter, plus a little extra for the molds, 8 ounces bittersweet imported chocolate, 4 eggs, 4 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 4 teaspoons allpurpose flour, for dusting, 6 teaspoons finely ground ginger bread, Whipped cream], title: Warm Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 1322: {instructions: Combine the tomatoes, pineapple, avocados, onion, cilantro, lime juice, red pepper flakes and garlic salt in a medium bowl. Add pepper to taste. Serve with lime tortilla chips., ingredients: [23 cup grape tomatoes, chopped 10 to 12, 34 cup finely chopped pineapple, 3 medium avocados, diced, 12 finely chopped sweet onion, such as Vidalia, 18 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon garlic salt, Black pepper, Lime tortilla chips, for serving], title: Pineapple Avocado Salsa, picturelink: null}, 1323: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Put the flour in a shallow dish. Season the pork chop with salt and pepper. Dredge in the flour and add to the skillet. Cook until golden, about 5 minutes, then flip and cook to desired doneness, about 3 minutes more. Give the lemon half a good squeeze over the chop.nNext, add the cannellini beans and spinach to a medium skillet set over mediumhigh heat. Season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the beans are warmed through and the spinach is just wilted, 3 to 4 minutes. Give the beans and spinach a good squeeze of the lemon half.nServe the beans and spinach alongside the pork chop with the lemon wedges for squeezing over., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, One 6ounce bonein centercut pork chop, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, cut in half, 1 half cut into wedges, One 14.5ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 10 ounces baby spinach], title: Lighter Fried Pork Chop, picturelink: Unb0DTwQ.GDADR5nqfV7YxzJJgxsJdu}, 1324: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the glaze: Add the orange peel, bourbon, cherry juice and some black pepper to a small saucepan. Simmer until reduced to 14 cup, about 10 minutes. Your pot may flambe from the bourbon, dont worry just wait until the alcohol burns off. Once reduced, turn off the heat and whisk in the butter.nSprinkle the steak liberally with salt and pepper. Heat a castiron pan over mediumhigh heat. Add a light coat of oil and place the steak in the pan. Cook the steak almost to desired doneness, depending on thickness, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Turn off the heat and glaze the steak on all sides in the pan while flipping. Remove the steak from the pan to rest.nFor the sandwich build: Pile some Bourbon Creamed Spinach on the bottom piece of the pretzel roll. Thinly slice the steak against the grain and place on top of the spinach. Top with some red onions and finish with the top of the roll. Repeat for the remaining sandwiches.nStrain the thawed spinach in a colander and squeeze liquid out with a towel. Melt the butter in a large straightsided skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions, season with salt and pepper and cook until onions are softened, about 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and add the bourbon. Stir to combine, turn heat back on to medium and simmer 1 minute. Add the cream, and cook until the cream is reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Stir in the cheese and cook until melted, and then mix in the spinach to combine. Cover and cook over low heat until the spinach is tender, 8 to 10 minutes, and then season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 oranges, peels removed in large strips and reserved, 1 cup bourbon, 2 tablespoons maraschino cherry juice, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 pounds hanger steak, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, Vegetable oil, Bourbon Creamed Spinach, recipe follows, 4 pretzel rolls, buttered and griddled, 1 small red onion, sliced and soaked in ice water for 15 minutes, Two 10ounce boxes frozen spinach, thawed, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small yellow onion, finely chopped, about 1 cup, Kosher salt and pepper, 14 cup bourbon, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 cups grated smoked gouda cheese], title: Hanger Steak Sandwich with Bourbon Creamed Spinach, picturelink: eBT7ZdkLrVCF8lw45JuNdhX740yjfm}, 1325: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine flour, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.nIn another medium bowl, place the chocolate hazelnut spread, butter, and both sugars. Using a hand mixer, cream the ingredients together, about 3 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla and blend until incorporated. Stir in the dry ingredients, just until incorporated.nShape the cookie dough into walnutsized balls. Rolls the balls in the orange sprinkles or orange sugar, pressing to adhere. Place the cookies on a heavy cookie sheet about 4 inches apart. Bake for 8 minutes. Remove the cookies from the oven. Quickly place a chocolate kiss in the middle of each cookie. Return the cookies to the oven and bake for another 3 minutes. Cool the cookies on a wire rack., ingredients: [1 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup chocolate hazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, 12 cup butter, softened 1 stick, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup orange sprinkles, or orange sugar, 1 9ounce package of chocolate candy kisses, unwrapped recommended: Hersheys], title: ChocolateHazelnut Smooches, picturelink: EiooDr.yPJbpWHj3.PFH7eskvRthnC}, 1326: {instructions: In a large skillet heat oil over medium high heat. Stir in red onion and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in wine and orange juice and bring to a rapid boil. Reduce heat and simmer for two minutes. carefully add cod fillets and season with salt and pepper. Cover and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in chopped orange and green olives. Serve hot with parsleybuttered rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 34 cup white wine, 3 tablespoons orange juice, 1 pound cod fillets, 1 orange, peeled and coarsely chopped, 12 cup pitted cured green olives], title: Cod with Oranges and Green Olives, picturelink: null}, 1327: {instructions: In a dish put steak, garlic, thyme, and olive oil. Turn the steak in the ingredients a few times and allow to marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Heat a grill or skillet with grill ridges to high heat.nBefore grilling, remove garlic, and thyme from steak. Season well with salt and pepper, and grill to desired doneness.nServe steak with Gorgonzola cream sauce, spinach, and Matchstick fries.nIn a small saucepan, melt the butter. Add the onions, and thyme, then whisk in the flour. Cook the flour for 1 minute. Add heavy cream and sherry, and continue to whisk. Bring the mixture to a simmer to allow flour to cook out. After cream simmers for about 2 minutes, add the cheese to melt. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat a skillet to almost smoking. Add the olive oil, garlic, and spinach. Saute quickly, turning the spinach over in the pan, season with the salt and pepper. When spinach is just wilted in the pan it is ready. Remove from the heat and serve.nFill a deep pot halfway full with oil. Heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Carefully add the potatoes to the hot oil and fry for 1 minute. Drain and reserve.nWhen you are ready to serve the potatoes, make sure your oil is at 350 degrees F, and fry until crisp, and golden. Drain the fries on a paper towel and season with salt, to taste., ingredients: [1 10ounce ribeye steak, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 6 sprigs fresh thyme sprigs, crushed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Gorgonzola Cream Sauce, recipe follows, Sauteed Spinach, recipe follows, Matchstick Fries, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons onions, finely diced, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sherry, 12 to 1 cup Gorgonzola, Danish bleu, or Stilton cheese, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, sliced, 1 bunch fresh spinach, cleaned well, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oil, for frying, 2 white creamer potatoes, or Yukon golds, peeled, and juilienned, Kosher salt], title: Grilled Steak, picturelink: null}, 1328: {instructions: Combine the Advocaat, Kahlua, Frangelico and honey in a cocktail shaker halffilled with ice cubes. Strain into a cocktail glass. Top with whipped cream. Sprinkle with chocolate shavings., ingredients: [112 oz. Bols Advocaat liqueur creamy blend of egg yolks, aromatic spirits, brandy and a hint of vanilla, 1 oz. Kahlua coffee liqueur, 1 oz. Frangelico hazelnut liqueur, 12 oz. honey, 12 oz. whipped cream, 1 strawberry, Chocolate shavings], title: Uncle Billys Holiday Treat, picturelink: ZrUjGZSWLWXhTDDj1PEIalQdD4Q1i1G}, 1329: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice the Brussels sprouts lengthwise in 14inchthick pieces. Place them in a 12inch round or 9by13inch casserole dish. In a small bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, tahini, white wine vinegar, honey, oil, lemon juice and garlic. Pour the soy sauce mixture over the Brussels sprouts, tossing to coat.nCombine the panko and crushed cashews in a small bowl, then scatter over the Brussels sprouts. Bake until the Brussels sprouts are tender and the crumb topping is a deep, golden brown, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds Brussels sprouts, 4 tablespoons soy sauce, 4 tablespoons tahini, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Juice from half a lemon, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup crushed raw cashews], title: Soy Sauce Brussels Sprouts with Panko and Cashew Topping, picturelink: null}, 1330: {instructions: Preheat the broiler and position the oven rack 5 inches from the heat.nDistribute the cubes of Fontina evenly in a 12inch castiron pan. Drizzle on the olive oil. Combine the garlic, thyme, and rosemary and sprinkle it over the cheese and olive oil. Sprinkle with the salt and pepper and place the pan under the broiler for 6 minutes, until the cheese is melted and bubbling and starts to brown.nServe the baked Fontina familystyleu00bfright out of the oven in the castiron pan with crusty chunks of bread for everyone to dip., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Italian Fontina Val dAosta cheese, rind removed and 1inchdiced, 14 cup good olive oil, 6 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 crusty French baguette], title: Baked Fontina, picturelink: null}, 1331: {instructions: Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet until foaming, then, a few pieces at a time, brown the chicken well on all sides. Youre not cooking the chicken here just making the skin crisp and giving it color, so 5 minutes per side is about right. Remove the chicken to a plate.nAdd the garlic to the pan and cook about 10 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the vinegar and boil to reduce by half, 10 to 15 minutes. Return the chicken to the pan. Add the tomatoes and tomato paste. Using a piece of kitchen twine, tie together the thyme, parsley, and bay leaf. Add the herb bundle to the chicken and simmer, uncovered, until the meat falls from the bone, about 30 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a dish, cover, and keep warm.nPour the stock into the pan juices and boil until thickened, about 10 minutes. Strain into a saucepan, and if its still not concentrated enough for you liking, boil it down a little more. Whisk in the remaining tablespoon of butter. Season, and pour over the chicken. Serve with chopped parsley, sprinkled over, and with a bowl of roasted or mashed potatoes on the side., ingredients: [3 12 pounds mixed chicken drumsticks and thighs, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 head garlic, broken into unpeeled cloves, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 1 pound tomatoes, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup chicken stock, Chopped fresh parsley leaves, as needed], title: Chicken in Vinegar, picturelink: xE0qdBsqaZS7RP7DPurDJSytI1XDgl2}, 1332: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the lemon curd: In the top of a double boiler, whisk the sugar and the egg yolks until sugar has dissolved and mixture is pale yellow, then whisk in lemon juice and zest. Set the bowl over simmering water and whisk constantly until mixture reaches 145 degrees F it will visibly thicken but dont let it get too hot or the eggs will curdle. Remove the bowl from the heat and add the rosemary and butter a little at a time, whisking until each addition is incorporated and the curd becomes thick. Transfer to a bowl, cool and then refrigerate until well chilled.nDivide the berries among 6 decorative bowls or glasses. Top with a dollop of the lemon curd and sprinkle with biscotti crumbs., ingredients: [13 cup sugar, 9 large egg yolks, room temperature, 23 cup freshsqueezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 2 teaspoons rosemary leaves See Cooks Note, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, in small pieces and at room temperature, 3 cups mixed berries 2 pints, different kinds, 1 13 cups crumbled biscotti], title: Lemon Curd over Biscotti Crumbs with Fresh Berries, picturelink: 3y8v18I3mu4RMuKN5TJ3hAs4BVJOz2}, 1333: {instructions: Prepare the Simple Pizza Dough according to recipe.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nOn a baking sheet brushed liberally with olive oil, stretch the dough to desired shape and thickness. Brush the crust with olive oil and top with the mozzarella slices. Bake the pizza until the dough crisps up and cheese is melted, about 15 minutes.nRemove the pizza from oven. Top the melted mozzarella with the grated Parmesan and sliced chicken. Toss the romaine hearts with the Caesar Salad Dressing and season with salt and pepper. Top the pizza with the Caesar salad and shave over some Parmesan. Serve and enjoynCooks Note: If you dont have a pizza stone at home, no worries, use a welloiled sheet tray and a hot oven to achieve a crisp bottom on your pizza Also place the dough on the very bottom rack of your oven. It will help to create that crispy crust.nIn a blender or food processor, process the Parmesan, mayonnaise, lemon juice, olive oil, mustard, Worcestershire, salt, pepper, garlic and anchovy until emulsified and smooth. Refrigerate until ready to use.nIn a liquid measuring cup, combine the warm water, yeast and sugar. Allow the yeast to dissolve and bloom, about 5 minutes. Once bloomed, add the olive oil.nMeanwhile, in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the flour and salt. Stream in the wateryeast mixture and as the dough begins to come together, switch to a dough hook attachment. Allow the dough to knead, adding a bit more flour if needed, so that the dough releases from the sides of the bowl, 1 to 3 minutes. You should be able to touch the dough and not have the dough stick to your fingers. Once the dough has kneaded and has pulled away from the sides of the bowl, remove the dough from bowl to a floured work surface and, with floured hands, continue to knead it by hand for 1 to 2 minutes. Then form the dough into a round ball and place it into a large bowl sprayed with nonstick spray. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap or a clean dish towel and let the dough rise in a warm area of your kitchen until it doubles in size, 1 12 to 2 hours. After the dough has risen it is ready to be cooked however youd likenCooks Notes: This dough is wet dough, keep bench flour at the ready and make sure to flour your hands when working with the dough. Trust your gut as a chef, if the dough is to wet, add more flour, if it is too stiff, add a little water.nSugar is used to feed the yeast which will help the dough to grow. Bread flour will give you a chewier texture because the flour has more gluten. You dont need to use a thermometer to get the water temperature, it should just feel warm to the touch., ingredients: [12 recipe Simple Pizza Dough, recipe follows, Olive oil, for brushing crust, 8 ounces mozzarella, sliced, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus small chunk for shavingw, 1 chicken breast, grilled and sliced thinly, 2 romaine hearts, washed and dried, cut into 12inch pieces, 12 cup Caesar Salad Dressing, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 13 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced or grated, 1 anchovy fillet, rinsed and dried, 1 34 cups warm water 105 to 110 degrees F, 1 envelope active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons salt, Nonstick spray], title: Chopped Caesar Salad Pizza, picturelink: bJAjGzYkEQAFhWENRnVvc3L15s1zEa}, 1334: {instructions: Season the eggs and flour with salt and pepper. Place the tortilla chips in a food processor and pulse until the chips are finely ground. Place the eggs, flour and ground tortillas in 3 separate bowls. Season the snapper fillets lightly on both sides with salt and pepper.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, heat the oil. Dredge each fillet in the flour and shake off any excess. Dip into the beaten egg and let the excess drip off. Dredge in the ground tortillas and saute for 3 minutes on each side. Drizzle with the vinaigrette and serve immediately.nIn a blender, combine the poblanos, onion, and lime juice and blend until smooth. While the blender is running add the oil slowly until emulsified. Add the spinach and blend until smooth. Add the honey and season to taste with salt and pepper. May be refrigerated up to 1 day ahead. Bring to room temperature before serving.nPlace kernels in a medium bowl. Heat oil in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the onions and season with salt and pepper. Saute until soft and caramelized. Add the onions to the corn, fold in the creme fraiche and basil leaves and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 ounces blue corn tortilla chips, 4 red snapper fillets about 6 ounces each, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 2 poblanos, roasted, peeled, and seeded, 14 medium red onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 34 cup olive oil, 12 cup spinach or arugula leaves, 2 teaspoons honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 ears of corn, husks removed, blanched, grilled until marked, kernels removed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large Vidalia onions, diced, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, 6 basil leaves, chiffonade], title: Blue Corn Tortilla Crusted Red Snapper with Poblano Vinaigrette and Sweet OnionCorn Relish, picturelink: null}, 1335: {instructions: For the vegetables: Heat a cast iron grill pan over high heat until smoking, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the vegetables to a large bowl, drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the vegetables on the hot grill pan for 2 to 3 minutes per side, without moving so they get nice grill marks. Remove to a large platter and drizzle with aged balsamic vinegar.nFor the sourdough: Heat a cast iron grill pan over high heat until smoking, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drizzle the bread slices with olive oil and arrange on the hot grill pan for 2 to 3 minutes per side, without moving so they get nice grill marks and toast evenly.nFor the ricotta spread: Begin by toasting the pine nuts in a dry skillet over medium heat. Toss over low heat until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and add the honey. Mix well so the nuts get coated evenly and honey melts. Allow to cool slightly, then add to a large bowl. Add the ricotta, olive oil, mint and salt and pepper, to taste. Refrigerate until the ricotta firms up a little before serving with grilled sourdough and antipasto items.nFor the platter: Arrange the grilled vegetables, grilled sourdough, ricotta, olives, prosciutto and cheese on a large platter and serve., ingredients: [2 zucchini, sliced lengthwise into 14inch thick planks, 1 red pepper, cheeks removed from 3 sides, 1 eggplant, sliced into 14inch thick circles, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons good quality aged balsamic vinegar, 1 loaf country sourdough, cut into 34inch thick slices, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup pine nuts, 12 cup orange blossom honey, 2 cups goodquality whole milk ricotta, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh mint leaves, hand torn, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds mixed olives queen, kalamata, ceringola, 12 pound finely sliced San Daniele ham, One 8ounce wheel Mt. Tam Triple Cream, One 12ounce Cypress Grove Chevre Truffle Tremor, One 8ounce wedge aged Monterey Jack cheese], title: Antipasto Platter, picturelink: pAdaPaA3hPqfZSe8WBiomXlk1P1Idpa}, 1336: {instructions: Place the cream cheese and panela or farmer cheese in a bowl and mix well with a spoon.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Place l of the puff pastry circles on the baking sheet. Brush a 1inch rim around the outside edge with some of the beaten egg. Pat the cheese mixture into an 8inch circle in the center and spread the guava paste or jam evenly over the top.nFold the remaining piece of puff pastry in half and place over the first piece. Unfold the pastry to enclose the filling, being careful not to trap air beneath. Gently press the top and bottom edges together and refrigerate about 25 minutes, or until the dough is thoroughly chilled.nRemove from the refrigerator. Working about 1 12inches from the outside, firmly press the edges of pastry together with the tines of a fork to seal. Then trim the excess dough, leaving an even 1inch border of crust surrounding the filling. With a sharp paring knife, cut out and discard a 14inch circle of dough from the center, and press out any trapped air. Then, making shallow cuts, trace 6 to 8 circular lines in a spiral pattern from the center hole to the inside edge of the sealed crust if the dough gets too warm to work with, just return to the refrigerator for 30 minutes or so to harden.nMix the heavy cream, with the remaining beaten egg and brush over the top of the tart: Cover with plastic wrap and chill at least 2 hours or overnight.nTo bake, preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Transfer the pan from refrigerator to the oven and bake 15 minutes, or until puffed and golden brown on top. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees. Bake until the jelly is bubbling and the bottom crust, when lifted with a spatula, is browned, 30 to 40 minutes. Set aside to cool on a rack to 15 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [6 ounces 34 cup cream cheese, at room temperature, l cup grated panela or drycurd farmer cheese, 2 12pound pieces puff pastry, each cut into a 12inch circle, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 23 cup guava paste or other fruit jam or puree mixed with 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 tablespoon heavy cream], title: Guava Cheese Tart, picturelink: null}, 1337: {instructions: Use an electric fryer or a 4quart heavybottomed saucepan placed over mediumhigh heat to heat the oil to 330 degrees F. It is important to maintain the temperature, so you may need to adjust the heat or remove the pan from the burner to keep it where you want it.nPrepare the pate a choux: Place the water, salt, granulated sugar, zests, and butter in a 4quart heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat, and bring to a boil. The butter should be completely melted by the time the mixture boils. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Add the bread flour all at once and incorporate it thoroughly with a wooden spoon.nReturn the saucepan to the stove and cook over medium heat for about 3 minutes to dry out the paste. As it cooks, push the paste from side to side with the wooden spoon. Turn it onto itself to allow every side to touch the bottom of the saucepan, which helps it dry. Keep the paste moving, or it will burn. The paste will dry out and leave a thin film on the bottom of the saucepan.nRemove the saucepan from the heat and transfer the paste to a large mixing bowl. Mix with an electric mixer on low speed for about 2 minutes to release some of the steam. Continue mixing and slowly add the eggs 1 at a time, incorporating well after each addition. After each egg is added, the paste will become loose and look separated. Once each egg is well incorporated, the paste will become smooth again. The number of eggs used will vary depending on the size of the eggs and how well the pate a choux is dried. The drier it is, the more eggs you will need. After you have added 2 eggs, check the consistency by scooping a large amount of the paste onto a wooden spoon. Hold the spoon horizontally about 1 foot above the bowl and watch as the batter falls from the spoon back into the bowl. If it is pale yellow, smooth, moist, slightly elastic, sticky, and takes 5 to 7 seconds to fall into the bowl, it is ready. If it appears rough, dry, and falls into the bowl in 1 big ball, it needs more eggs. Add another egg and check the consistency again after it is well incorporated.nPrepare the cloud puffs: Cut a piece of parchment paper the same diameter as the pan of cooking oil. Place the pate a choux in a piping bag fitted with a plain tip. Pipe the mixture onto the parchment paper. In small 34inch dabs about 12inch apart. To fry, take your fully piped round of parchment and flip it over into the hot oil. Be careful not to splatter the hot oil. The parchment will sit on the surface of the oil and as the puffs fry, they will release themselves from the paper. Once this happens remove the parchment from the oil and continue to fry the puffs until they are golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Turn them over to evenly fry each side. They will increase in size as they cook. Use a large slotted spoon or spider to remove the puffs from the hot oil and set them on a paper towel to drain.nWhile the puffs are still warm, sprinkle them with granulated sugar until evenly coated. Dust them with the powdered sugar just before serving. They are best served immediately, as they tend to get soggy after a few hours. Jacques tip: If your oil is too hot, add a small amount of cold oil to lower the temperature., ingredients: [Vegetable or canola oil, for deepfrying, Generous 12 cup water, Pinch salt, Pinch granulated sugar, 12 orange, zest grated, 12 lemon, zest grated, 3 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, 12 cup bread flour, 2 to 3 large eggs, 1 cup granulated sugar, Generous 1 cup powdered sugar], title: Cloud Puffs, picturelink: null}, 1338: {instructions: In a large pot, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes longer. Add the remaining ingredients and cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Two 28ounce cans whole tomatoes, drained, tomatoes chopped, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 bay leaf, Salt and pepper], title: Easy Tomato Sauce, picturelink: M1fu.N23r2WCgHxswg4hojQWSKSIEC}, 1339: {instructions: Remove the husks from the corn, saving the large inner ones and discarding the very outer and the small inside husks youll need 3 husks for each tamale. In a large bowl, cover the husks with enough hot water to cover and leave to soak.nWith a sharp knife over a large mixing bowl, remove the corn kernels from the cobs saving all the juices. You should have about 1 12 cups of corn. Add the red pepper, sour cream, milk, cornmeal, baking powder, salt and cayenne pepper to the bowl and stir to mix.nDrain the husks thoroughly in a colander and pat dry with paper towels. Place approximately 14 cup of the filling onto 1 husk and spread it slightly lengthwise. Bring the top and bottom ends to the center, overlapping slightly. Wrap another husk around it lengthwise, forming a cylindrical shape. Use one more husk to seal and secure the shape by wrapping the opposite way. Using butchers twine, tie securely crosswise and make a knot.nPlace the tamales in a steamer over simmering water and steam for 1 hour. Remove with a slotted spatula. Cut the strings and remove. Cool slightly, then serve with a dollop of sour cream and a drift of paprika., ingredients: [8 ears of corn enough for 24 corn husks and 1 12 cups fresh corn kernels, 12 cup red pepper dice, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup milk, 3 tablespoons cornmeal, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Sour cream and paprika for garnish], title: Fresh Corn and Red Pepper Tamales, picturelink: null}, 1340: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nOn a 12inch nonstick pizza pan, stretch out your dough and form the pizza crust. Drizzle 2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil on crust and spread it with a pastry brush over the dough to the edges. Sprinkle crust with 2 tablespoons grated ParmigianoReggiano.nIn a small covered saucepan, bring 2 inches water to a boil. Separate broccoli tops into florets, discarding lower stalks or reserving for soup. Salt water and add broccoli florets. Cook covered 3 to 5 minutes. Drain broccoli and set on cutting board. Chop broccoli florets into small pieces.nHeat a small nonstick pan over medium high to high heat. Add oil, cracked garlic and chicken. Season with salt and pepper. Brown chicken breast cut for stirfry or tenders until lightly golden all over, 3 to 5 minutes. Chop sauteed chicken and garlic on a cutting board into small pieces.nTo assemble pizza, dot crust with chopped broccoli bits and cooked chopped chicken. Dot crust with spoonfuls of ricotta and spread ricotta gently with the back of your spoon. Add sliced sundried tomatoes, scattering them around the pizza to the edges. Complete the assembly with a thin layer of shredded mozzarella, about 1 cup. Place pizza in oven on middle rack and lower heat to 450 degrees F. Bake 12 minutes, until cheese is deep golden in color and crust is brown and crisp at the edges. Remove pizza from the oven and let stand 5 minutes. Top with lots of torn or shredded basil. Cut pizza into 8 slices using pizza wheel and serve., ingredients: [1 16ounce package pizza dough, brought to room temperature, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons grated ParmigianoReggiano, 13 pound broccoli from trimmed broccoli bin in produce section, 13 head, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 3 cloves cracked garlic, 12 pound chicken breast cut for stir fry or chicken tenders, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup part skim ricotta cheese, 10 sun dried tomatoes in oil, drained and sliced, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, available on dairy aisle, 12 to 15 leaves fresh basil, torn or stacked and thinly sliced], title: The Only Pizza Youll Ever Want Again: Chicken, Sun Dried Tomato, Broccoli, Ricotta, Mozzarella and Basil, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 1341: {instructions: Simmer broccoli covered in 1 inch of water for 5 to 7 minutes, until tender. Drain broccoli and return skillet to heat. Heat skillet over high heat. Add oil, crushed pepper and garlic. Turn broccoli in hot spicy oil and season with salt. Transfer to a serving dish., ingredients: [1 head broccoli, trimmed of tough ends and cut into spears, 2 tablespoons wok or vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon hot crushed red pepper flakes, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, Coarse salt], title: Spicy Broccoli, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 1342: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Stir all ingredients together until flour is wet and dough sticks together. Drop spoonfuls of dough onto a preheated skillet and bake 12 minutes or until brown., ingredients: [2 cups self rising flour, 34cup milk, 14cup vegetable oil], title: Andreas Moms Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 1343: {instructions: Prepare the souffle: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and generously butter a 4cup souffle dish. Wrap the dish with a buttered parchment collar see right. Sprinkle the inside with sugar and shake out the excess.nCombine the cream cheese, goat cheese, orange and lemon zests and the vanilla in a large bowl. Beat with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the egg yolks until incorporated. At this point, the mixture can be covered and refrigerated up to 6 hours bring to room temperature before continuing.nWhen ready to bake, put the egg whites in a large bowl and beat with a mixer on medium speed until foamy. Make sure the bowl and beaters are clean. Increase the speed to medium high and gradually add 6 tablespoons sugar beat until stiff and glossy.nStir onethird of the egg whites into the cheese mixture to lighten it, then gently fold in the rest until just incorporated. Its OK if a few streaks of egg white remain. Transfer the mixture to the prepared dish and bake in the center of the oven until puffed and golden, about 35 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the compote: Combine the orange juice, honey and a pinch of salt in a small saucepan over medium heat and simmer until slightly thickened, about 4 minutes. Let cool slightly, then add the orange segments. Remove the souffle from the oven and remove the parchment collar. Serve immediately with the compotethe souffle will start sinking after a couple of minutes.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Softened unsalted butter, for the dish, 6 tablespoons sugar, plus more for the dish, 6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 6 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 5 large eggs, separated, at room temperature, 13 cup fresh orange juice, 13 cup honey, Kosher salt, Segments from 12 orange, roughly chopped], title: HoneyOrange Souffle, picturelink: DFyyg1hVMJ2APJS1fmgK3LDVPW2GynC}, 1344: {instructions: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the cream on mediumhigh speed until stiff peaks form transfer to a small bowl and refrigerate.nIn the cleaned bowl of the stand mixer fitted with the cleaned whisk attachment, beat the egg whites on high speed until soft peaks form. Add 1 tablespoon sugar and beat until stiff peaks form transfer to a small bowl.nIn the cleaned bowl of the stand mixer fitted with the cleaned whisk attachment, beat together the egg yolks and the remaining 13 cup sugar on high speed until thickened and pale yellow. Gently fold the mascarpone, pumpkin puree, pumpkin pie spice and a third of the whipped cream into the egg yolk mixture. Gently fold in the whipped egg whites and refrigerate.nPlace the espresso in a shallow plate. Dip both sides of the ladyfingers into the espresso and arrange in a 9inch pie dish to completely line the bottom. Top with half of the pumpkin mixture, more espressodipped ladyfingers and the remaining pumpkin mixture. Top the pie with the remaining whipped cream and chocolate shavings. Refrigerate 8 hours or up to overnight, until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 large eggs, separated, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup mascarpone, at room temperature, 12 cup canned pumpkin puree, 1 12 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 1 12 cups brewed espresso, at room temperature, One 5.3ounce package glutenfree ladyfingers, such as Schar, Bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, for shaving], title: GlutenFree Pumpkin Spice Tiramisu Pie, picturelink: TRCw8Qm.PiNK6j0oYolsrIJ9LnWAky2}, 1345: {instructions: Mix the scallions, creme fraiche, and cheese together. Dish up in small ramekin.nIn a fryer at 375 degrees F, fry the wings until golden brown.nIn a large mixing bowl, mix together the hot sauce, soy and butter. Toss well with the hot wings.nServe wings in a large bowl with scallion creme for dipping., ingredients: [14 cup sliced scallions, 12 cup creme fraiche, 4 ounces Roquefort, crumbled, 2 pounds chicken wings, cut in 2 pieces, wing tips discarded, 12 cup hot pepper sauce, 14 cup soy sauce, 12 cup melted butter], title: Hot Soy Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 1346: {instructions: For the cookie cake: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together the butter, peanut butter, brown sugar, and granulated sugar, about 1 minute. Add the egg, vanilla, milk, baking soda, and salt, and mix until combined. Slowly add the flour, and mix until the dough just comes together, scraping the sides of the bowl as necessary. Stir in the MMs or chocolate chips.nSpray a 9 or 10inch round cake pan with cooking spray, or line with foil and spray with cooking spray for easy removal and cleanup. Press the dough into the pan. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. When the dough is cold, bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the top is golden brown. Let cool completely before frosting.nFor the frosting: Using an electric hand mixer or a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter until smooth. Slowly mix in the powdered sugar and cocoa powder. Mix in the salt, vanilla, and 2 teaspoons of the milk. Add the remaining 2 or 3 teaspoons milk as needed to reach the desired consistency.nPlace the frosting in a pastry bag fitted with a 1M tip, and frost the outer ring of the cake. Dust with sprinkles if using., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup creamy peanut butter, 34 cup packed brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon whole milk, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup MMs or chocolate chips, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 2 cups powdered sugar, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, Pinch of salt, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 to 5 teaspoons whole milk, Sprinkles, if desired], title: Peanut Butter Cookie Cake, picturelink: null}, 1347: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing a pair of scissors or a serrated knife, make an incision down the backside of the shrimp, following the intestinal track. Eviscerate shrimp and rinse under cool water leaving shells intact.nPlace cleaned shrimp into a bowl with brine and refrigerate mixture for 20 to 25 minutes. While shrimp are brining, place tomatoes, chili sauce, horseradish, sugar, pepper, and salt in food processor and blend until smooth. Refrigerate cocktail sauce until ready to serve.nPlace a baking sheet or broiler pan under oven broiler and preheat for 5 minutes. Remove shrimp from brine and drain thoroughly. Rinse the shrimp under cold water and dry on paper towels. In a large bowl, toss shrimp with olive oil and sprinkle with Old Bay seasoning, if desired.nPlace shrimp onto a sizzling sheet pan and return to broiler immediately. After 2 minutes, turn the shrimp with a pair of tongs. Return the shrimp to broiler for 1 minute. Transfer to a cold cookie sheet. Refrigerate immediately.nOnce shrimp have chilled, arrange with cocktail sauce in a martini glass or as desired., ingredients: [32 shellon 21 to 25 count tiger shrimp, 14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 2 cups ice, 1 14 12ounce can diced tomatoes, drained, 12 cup prepared chili sauce, 4 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon sugar, Few grinds fresh black pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Sprinkle Old Bay seasoning], title: The Shrimp Cocktail, picturelink: VrJMzu4zx7dFglN4BL8IE.djplBOPkK}, 1348: {instructions: Slice the skin off the orange and the lemon, removing the peel and the white skin or pith. Using a paring knife, section and separate the flesh from the membrane. Discard the membrane, dice the orange and lemon flesh, and place in a salad bowl. Add the cantaloupe to the bowl and season with salt, extravirgin olive oil, and lemon juice. Toss well and serve., ingredients: [1 orange, 1 lemon, 2 small cantaloupes, rinds discarded, flesh diced, Salt, Extravirgin olive oil, Freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Insalata del Contadino: Sicilian Farmers Salad, picturelink: null}, 1349: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the potatoes in a deep castiron skillet with the cubes of butter and sea salt, pepper and seasoned salt to taste. Roast until brown and sizzling, turning halfway through, 30 to 40 minutes total., ingredients: [2 12 pounds red potatoes, unpeeled, cut into cubes, 1 stick 8 tablespoons salted butter, cut into cubes, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Seasoned salt], title: Ladds Oven Potatoes, picturelink: kPg2XfRWB06m4nKBx1HuvNK1Sjsq3A.}, 1350: {instructions: Process all ingredients in a juicer., ingredients: [2 12 to 3 apples, 4 to 6 medium carrots], title: Carrot Apple Juice, picturelink: null}, 1351: {instructions: For the Filling: Melt the lard in a large skillet on medium heat. Add the white onions and cook until translucent. Add the meat and the green onions. Allow to cook over medium heat for about 5 to 8 minutes or until cooked but not overcooked.nAdd the spices and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a cool, large container and immediately refrigerate.nFor the Dough: Melt the lard on very low heat in a saucepan. Mix the salt and water together. Form a hole in the flour, and pour in the fat. Mix the ingredients adding the salted water slowly. Add the water just until it forms a dough. Let the dough rest for 20 minutes covered with a clothnCut the dough into balls the same size as a ping pong ball and let it sit 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nRoll each piece of dough to about 6 inches. They should only be about 34 inches thick. Let them rest another 10 minutes.nFill each empanada shell with about 2 tablespoons of chilled filling, directly in the center. Wet your finger with a little water and run it around the dough, around the filling. Close the shell and use your fingers to seal the dough together.nPut empanadas on a baking pan and bake for just 4 minutes on each side. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup lard, 1 12 cups white onions, chopped fine, 2 pounds rump steak, diced into small pieces, 1 cup green onions, chopped, 1 teaspoon cumin, ground, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Salt and pepper, 34 cup lard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cold water, 3 12 cups flour], title: Tucuman Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 1352: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nToss the sliced Brussels sprouts and ancho chiles with the olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt and pepper, then spread out in 1 layer on a medium baking sheet. Roast until tender and golden brown, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the mayonnaise, sour cream, honey and vinegar in a medium bowl. Season the dressing with salt and pepper. Toss the Brussels sprouts and ancho chiles with the dressing until well combined.nRefrigerate and serve cold.nCooks Note: Use kitchen shears to easily snip the ancho chiles into rings., ingredients: [1 pound Brussels sprouts, thinly sliced, 3 ancho chiles, stemmed, seeded and cut into rings, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar], title: Ancho Chile Brussels Slaw, picturelink: P3bC9x7NMWZH.CDN0ILVH9lb69xnmLa}, 1353: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nGenerously butter four 34cup souffle dishes or custard cups. Arrange on a baking sheet.nStir the chocolate and butter in heavy small saucepan over low heat until smooth. Remove from the heat stir in the mescal. Cool 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the eggs, yolks, 4 tablespoons sugar, molasses, 1 teaspoon canela powder and salt in medium bowl until very thick ribbons fall when beaters are lifted, about 6 minutes. Sift the flour over the batter fold in the flour. Fold in the chocolate mixture. Divide the batter among the prepared dishes, filling completely. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover loosely refrigerate. Let stand at room temperature 30 minutes before baking.nBake the cakes until the tops are puffed and dry and a tester inserted into the center comes out with moist batter still attached, about 15 minutes. Cool the cakes 5 minutes.nBeat the cream, the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar and the remaining 12 teaspoon canela powder in small bowl until firm peaks form. Top the cakes with the whipped cream and serve warm., ingredients: [14 cup 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 5 ounces bittersweet nonsweetened or semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 tablespoon mescal, 2 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 5 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon pomegranate molasses, 1 12 teaspoons canela or Mexican cinnamon, Large pinch salt, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 cup chilled whipping cream], title: Mexican Molten Chocolate Cakes, picturelink: V3PKx2vBwiIt3YEMFCMujB3FYeHk6vi}, 1354: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a mixing bowl and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 cups Dijon mustard, 1 cup grain mustard, 12 cup sherry vinegar, 12 cup honey, 12 cup finely chopped mint, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sherry Mustard, picturelink: null}, 1355: {instructions: Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Beat in the egg, then the vanilla and lemon zest. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture and beat until just combined the dough will be soft.nDivide the dough into 4 pieces and put 2 pieces on each prepared baking sheet. Shape each piece into a 12by1inch log, about 3 inches apart. Using the handle of a wooden spoon or your finger, press a 12inchdeep indentation down the middle of each log. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Fill the indentations with jam. Bake, switching the position of the pans halfway through, until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets, then transfer the logs to a cutting board and slice crosswise into 1inchwide cookies.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 4 to 6 tablespoons jam or marmalade any flavor], title: Jam Slices, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 1356: {instructions: Preheat a heavy bottomed skillet over mediumhigh to high heat and preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the garlic, parsley, almonds and lemon zest in food processor and pulse to grind into a dry paste. Loosen skin on chicken and layer 14 of the mixture under the skin on each piece of chicken. Wash your hands, grease the breasts with a liberal drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and season with grill seasoning. Place skin side of the breasts down in the skillet and top with another, smaller skillet. Weight the pan with a brick. Cook to crisp skin, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer the pan to hot oven and roast for 15 minutes., ingredients: [4 large cloves garlic, cracked away from skin, 1 cup flatleaf parsley, a few generous handfuls, 12 cup Marcona almonds Spanish peeled, toasted nuts available in bulk section of many markets or, toasted slivered almonds, 1 lemon, grate 1 tablespoon zest then cut into wedges, 4 bonein, skinon chicken breasts or thighs, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning blend recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling], title: 30 Minute GarlicParsley ChickenUnderaBrick, picturelink: tixRs0ft9WXydb2s3335jSVfIjZRSYO}, 1357: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees.nRemove the tops and the roots of the beets and peel each one with a vegetable peeler. Cut the beets in 1 12inch chunks. Small beets can be halved, medium ones cut in quarters, and large beets cut in eighths.nPlace the cut beets on a baking sheet and toss with the olive oil, thyme leaves, salt, and pepper. Roast for 35 to 40 minutes, turning once or twice with a spatula, until the beets are tender. Remove from the oven and immediately toss with the vinegar and orange juice. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve warm., ingredients: [12 beets, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, minced, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons raspberry vinegar, Juice of 1 large orange], title: Roasted Beets, picturelink: LOZEGPJMhlwqcG7NoC2U5yQpfDg8.T.}, 1358: {instructions: For the broth: Bring the wine and 1 cup water to a boil in a stockpot over high heat. Add the clams and cook until opened, about 5 minutes. Remove clams with a slotted spoon to a bowl. Discard any clams that do not open. When cool enough to handle, remove the clams from the shell and coarsely chop.nBring the broth back to a boil, add the mussels and cook until the mussels open, discarding any that do not open. These mussels are added just to flavor the stock. After you remove them, eat them or reserve for another use remove from the shell, store in a container with a tight fitting lid and refrigerate for up to 1 day.nStrain the cooking liquid through a mesh strainer lined with cheesecloth into a bowl. You should have 2 cups of liquid.nFor the breadcrumbs: Heat the oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat until it begins to shimmer, add the anchovies and cook until melted into the oil. Add the breadcrumbs and cook, stirring constantly, until lightly golden brown, and then season with salt and pepper.nFor the pasta: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the linguine to al dente according to package instructions. Reserve 1 cup of the pasta water and then drain the pasta well.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic and chile flakes, and cook until soft, 1 minute. Add the clam broth and cook until reduced by half.nWhisk in the butter, creme fraiche and chopped clams, and cook until thickened. Add the basil, parsley, oregano and zest, and season with salt and pepper. Add the pasta and cook, tossing constantly, until the pasta is coated. If the mixture is too dry, add some of the reserved pasta water.nDivide the pasta among the bowls, and top with some of the breadcrumbs. Garnish with parsley leaves., ingredients: [1 cup white wine, 3 dozen littleneck clams, scrubbed well, 1 dozen mussels, scrubbed well, 14 cup olive oil, 2 anchovy fillets, chopped, 14 cup breadcrumbs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound dried linguine, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped to a paste, Pinch red chile flakes, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus parsley leaves for garnish, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Linguine and Clams, picturelink: CNXOh6OaY6oNOaG0eVX73oVc78MwkgG}, 1359: {instructions: Special equipment: a silpat mat, a muffin tin, and a small drinking glassnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the Parmesan Frico Cups:nPlace a silpat mat on a baking sheet. Place 6 14cup mounds of Parmesan cheese on the mat and gently tap down until each mound is flat and 4 12 to 5 inches in diameter. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, until golden and bubbly. Working quickly, use a thin spatula to transfer the Parmesan Frico to a muffin tin. Gently place a small drinking glass on top of the Parmesan Frico to mold it into the shape 1 of the muffin cups. Let cool until firm, about 5 minutes. Continue with the remaining Parmesan cheese.nFor the Citrus Vinaigrette:nCombine all the ingredients in a jar or a tightsealing plastic container. Shake to blend.nFor the Spinach Salad:nIn a large bowl, combine all the ingredients. Drizzle with vinaigrette and toss to combine. Divide the salad among the Parmesan Frico Cups and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 cups grated Parmesan, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 teaspoon orange zest, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces baby spinach leaves about 6 cups, 1 orange, cut into segments, 13 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 12 red onion, thinly sliced], title: Spinach Salad in a Parmesan Frico Cup, picturelink: null}, 1360: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Dry beef with paper towels and set aside. In a heavy 68 quart casserole with tight fitting lid, heat the oil. Dredge the beef in flour and shake off excess. Over high heat, sear the beef for about 2 to 3 minutes per side or until golden brown all over. With a slotted spoon remove the beef to a plate, keep warm, loosely covered with foil. In the remaining fat in the casserole, saute the onions for about 10 to 15 minutes or until brown and tender.nRemove the casserole from the heat and add the garlic, tomato paste, mustard, thyme, grated lemon, bay leaves and salt and pepper to taste. Add the grated carrot and celery, wine, and broth. Return the beef to the casserole. Bring the liquid to a boil, cover and set in the oven for 1 1 2 hours or until fork tender. Stir the beef on occasion.nWhen done, transfer the beef to the top of the stove. Remove the surface fat, discard bay leaves and season to taste with salt and pepper. Make the vegetable garnish for the first night. To serve, ladle stew in center of a large deep platter. Wreath the meat with the Sauteed Vegetable Garnish and sprinkle parsley over meat.nIn a large skillet over medium high heat, melt the butter. When the foaming subsides, add the julienned carrots, turnips and parsnips and saute for 2 minutes. Add 14 cup water, cover and simmer just for 3 minutes or until the vegetables are just tender. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 pounds beef shoulder chuck, cubed into 2inch squares, 12 cup vegetable oil, 34 cup flour, 3 medium onions, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon grated lemon rind, 2 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large carrot and 1 rib of celery, grated, 2 cups dry red wine, 2 cups beef broth or stock, Vegetable Garnish, recipe follows, 14 cup fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large carrots, julienned, 2 medium turnips, julienned, 1 parsnip, julienned, Salt and pepper], title: Blueprint Beef Stew, picturelink: null}, 1361: {instructions: Immerse tomatoes in boiling water for several about 30 seconds to loosen skin. Remove from boiling water and immerse in ice water to refresh. Remove the skin, keeping tomatoes in tacked, then cut the top cap off and reserve, remove the inside and discard. In a small saute pan over medium heat sweat all the vegetables together with a little bit of olive oil, then add the chicken stock and reduce until mixture is almost dry. Once cooked chilled vegetables in bowl over ice and fold the chopped herbs, the tiny bits of smoked salmon and the sour cream. Fill the tomatoes and serve 2 per order., ingredients: [8 medium size tomatoes, 4 ounces of smoked salmon, 1 carrot peeled and small diced, 1 bulb fennel diced, 1 branch celery diced, 1 red onion diced, 1 cup of sour cream, 1 cup of chicken stock, 1 branch of dill, chives, and Italian parsley, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Stuffed Tomatoes with Confit Vegetables, Fresh Herbs and Smoked Salmon, picturelink: null}, 1362: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the turkey cutlets in a glass bowl and add the garlicflavored olive oil and vinegar and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss to coat, and let stand for 10 minutes.nPreheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Bring a large pot of water to a boil, over medium heat, and add a generous amount of salt.nRemove the turkey from the marinade, shaking off any excess liquid and transfer to a plate. Drizzle with oil to keep it from sticking and season well with salt and pepper. Grill the cutlets, turning once, until the turkey is cooked through, about 1 12 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board and chop into bitesized pieces.nBoil the pasta according to the package instructions. Add the asparagus in the last 2 minutes of cooking time. Carefully remove about 12 cup of the cooking water and reserve. Drain the pasta in a colander, add some garlic oil to the bottom of the pot and return the pasta to the pot, off the heat. Add the turkey and any juices released to the cooked pasta and toss to combine.nSeason the pasta with salt and pepper, to taste and drizzle with additional olive oil and vinegar, if desired. Add the pasta cooking water, a tablespoon at a time and toss until the pasta is evenly moistened. Transfer to a serving platter or bowl and serve warm, room temperature, or cold right out of the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 12 pounds turkey breast scaloppini cutlets, 14 cup garlicflavored olive oil, plus more as needed, 14 cup white balsamic vinegar, plus more as needed, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounces wholewheat, wholegrain penne, 1 pound asparagus, cut into 1inch pieces], title: WholeWheat Penne with Turkey and Asparagus, picturelink: VBpz8ty3eHRxZzVuJc1KfIFIOm592}, 1363: {instructions: Peel and trim the asparagus, reserving the trimmings. In a large saucepan bring stock or broth to a simmer, add trimmings and let stand 15 minutes. Rinse spears, pat dry and cut into 1 12 pieces, reserving tips. Strain stock or broth into a large saucepan and add the asparagus stalks, shallot, potato and salt and pepper to taste. Bring the liquid to a boil over high heat and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 25 minutes, or until asparagus is tender.nMeanwhile, in a saucepan of boiling salted water blanch the asparagus tips until just tender, drain and refresh.nIn a food processor or blender puree the soup in batches until smooth,correct seasoning and return to saucepan. Heat until hot.nTo serve: ladle soup into bowls and garnish with reserved asparagus tips,yogurt, lemon peel and dill., ingredients: [1 pound asparagus, 6 cups chicken stock or canned broth, 12 cup minced shallot, 1 potato, grated, Salt and freshly grated pepper to taste, Plain lowfat yogurt or lowfat sour cream for garnish, Grated lemon peel for garnish, Snipped fresh dill for garnish], title: Asparagus Soup, picturelink: null}, 1364: {instructions: On a clean cutting board, lay out the pounded veal cutlets.nCut each cutlet across in 13rds, to make 3 4inch long pieces from every cutlet. Season each piece with salt and pepper, then place 12 teaspoon of softened whipped butter on each slice and spread it evenly across.nIn a mixing bowl, add the bread crumbs, onions, garlic, parsley, and both of the grated cheeses, season with cracked black pepper and toss well to mix.nDrizzle the bread crumb mixture with the olive oil to moisten the crumbs, and mix well with your hands to incorporate.nPlace a heaping tablespoon of the mixture on each slice and roll up, tucking in the sides as you go, spring roll fashion, to secure the filling inside. Some veal rolls will be longer than others, and can be cut in 12 to even out. Save the extra rolls to make 1 more skewer.nTop each veal roll with 1 fresh bay leaf and 1 red onion wedge, and then place 3 of the topped rolls on 1 skewer, so that each skewer has 3 of everything on it.nYou should make 12 skewers with 3 rolls per skewer, by using the extra meat you trimmed from the longer rolls.nPlace on a pregreased hot grill, and grill for about 2 minutes on each side, brushing again with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper.nIf you do not have a grill, you can place under the broiler about 8 to 10 inches from the flame, and watch carefully, cooking for 2 minutes per side., ingredients: [2 12 pounds leg cut veal cutlets, thinly sliced and pounded each about 12 inches in length 11 cutlets, 6 tablespoons whipped butter, at room temperature, 12 cup plain Italian bread crumbs, 14 cup chopped onion, 3 cloves minced garlic, 12 cup chopped parsley leaves, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 6 ounces grated cacciocavallo, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 36 fresh bay leaves or substitute dry bay, 2 large red onions, peeled and cut into wedges, leaves separated, 12 8inch long bamboo skewers, soaked in water], title: Veal Spiedini  Stuffed, Skewered, and Grilled, picturelink: null}, 1365: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 lollipop sticks or decorative strawsnFor the cake pops: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine the cake crumbs and frosting in a large bowl. Work the frosting into the crumbs with your hands until it forms a thick paste and can be easily rolled into balls.nRoll into 12 balls and place on the prepared baking sheet using a 1ounce icecream scoop. Freeze until almost solid, 20 to 30 minutes.nFor the decoration: Melt the black chocolate discs in the top of a double boiler or in the microwave. Put the sanding sugar into a bowl. Remove the cake pop balls from the freezer and insert a lollipop stick or straw into each. Dip a cake ball into the black chocolate and swirl to coat completely, allowing any excess to drip off. Sprinkle generously with sanding sugar. Stand the cake pop, stick up, on the prepared baking sheet. Dip the ends of 8 licorice lengths into the black chocolate and attach to the cake pop to form the spiders legs. Repeat with the remaining cake balls.nUse a toothpick to dab a tiny bit of black chocolate to adhere the candy eyes. Let set completely at room temperature or in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine the confectioners sugar, butter, milk, vanilla if using, and salt, and whip on low speed until incorporated. Turn the speed up to high and whip until the buttercream is smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl once or twice. If its too wet, add a bit more confectioners sugar. If its too stiff, add a bit more butter.nUse immediately or store in an airtight container at room temperature for 24 hours or in the fridge for up to 2 weeks. Rewhip cold buttercream before using it., ingredients: [3 cups finely crumbled cake about half an 8inch cake layer, 12 cup American Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows, 16 ounces black chocolate discs, 2 cups black sanding sugar, sprinkles or nonpareils, Black licorice wheels, separated and cut into ninetysix 2inch lengths, 24 edible candy eyes, 6 cups confectioners sugar, or more as needed, 4 sticks 1 pound butter, or more as needed, softened, 14 cup whole milk, 1 to 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract or any other flavor, optional, Pinch kosher salt], title: Spider Cake Pops, picturelink: m0QrOLwrZSGYIBwfRR1uUKfyi3PMV46}, 1366: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.nMix together the ground beef, chorizo, egg, cornmeal, tomato paste, chili powder, cumin, oregano, granulated onion, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper with your hands in a large bowl. Scoop the mixture into tablespoonsized portions. For each, press 1 cube of cheese into the center, press the meat around it to seal, and roll into a smooth ball.nPut the chips in a plastic bag, seal and crush with a rolling pin. Drop 3 or 4 meatballs at a time into the bag, and roll them around to lightly coat with the crushed chips. Arrange the coated meatballs on the prepared baking sheet, and bake until the outsides are browned and the cheese is melted inside, 10 to 12 minutes.nServe the meatballs on a platter over a bed of shredded lettuce with guacamole, pico de gallo and sour cream on the side., ingredients: [34 pound ground beef, 1 link fresh chorizo 3 to 4 ounces, casing removed, 1 large egg, 14 cup fine yellow cornmeal, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon granulated onion, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups corn tortilla chips, 2 ounces Cheddar, cut into 30 cubes just under 12 inch thick, Shredded iceberg lettuce, guacamole, pico de gallo and sour cream, for serving], title: Cheesy Stuffed Taco Meatballs, picturelink: llIRgwvGhdworlVp1HRSZe8uq8HhDW}, 1367: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl combine the raisins, vinegar and 1 cup of water. Let stand at least 10 minutes. Strain the liquid into a bowl and reserve the raisins for garnish.nAdd the pine nuts, the butter and the sugar to a medium saucepan over low heat. Stir until the sugar is melted but not caramelized, about 4 to 5 minutes. Slowly pour in half of the vinegar and water mixture, then the flour, stirring constantly, until the mixture becomes dense. Discard the remaining vinegar and water mixture. Add the prosciutto, sprinkle with a little bit of black pepper and remove from the heat.nCoat the bread slices with oil and arrange them on a sheet pan. Bake in the oven until lightly toasted, about 3 minutes. Spread the prosciutto mixture on the crostini and arrange on a serving platter. Garnish with the reserved raisins and serve.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 cup raisins, 34 cup apple vinegar or white wine, 1 cup water, 12 cup pine nuts, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 12 ounces prosciutto, or smoked ham or bacon, diced, Freshly ground black pepper, 10 slices Italian bread 12inch thick, Olive oil, for brushing bread], title: Renaissance Crostini, picturelink: srKltxkGJDDMpSNPmQGf05R2CsdFwtK}, 1368: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the butternut squash on a sheet pan. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil, the maple syrup, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and toss. Roast the squash for 15 to 20 minutes, turning once, until tender. Add the cranberries to the pan for the last 5 minutes.nWhile the squash is roasting, combine the apple cider, vinegar, and shallots in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Cook for 6 to 8 minutes, until the cider is reduced to about 14 cup. Off the heat, whisk in the mustard, 12 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon of pepper.nPlace the arugula in a large salad bowl and add the roasted squash mixture, the walnuts, and the grated Parmesan. Spoon just enough vinaigrette over the salad to moisten and toss well. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 1 12pound butternut squash, peeled and 34inch diced, Good olive oil, 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons dried cranberries, 34 cup apple cider or apple juice, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 4 ounces baby arugula, washed and spun dry, 12 cup walnuts halves, toasted, 34 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Roasted Butternut Squash Salad with Warm Cider Vinaigrette, picturelink: 5d0YwhnQBtvuBvYRp3GJbNOmiL7tW}, 1369: {instructions: Preheat the fryer to 350 degrees F.nPrepare the smoker, using wood chips, so that it maintains a temperature of 150 to 160 degrees F. Place the trout fillets onto the smoking racks skinside down, separating them by at least 14 inch and put into the smoker. Adjust the heat as needed and cook until the fish is opaque, has darkened in color and has the desired level of smoke flavor, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the skin and bones, flake into large pieces, and place in a bowl.nCut the bottoms off of the creamers so they will sit flat, and scoop out the center flesh of each one.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, vinegar, dill, horseradish and onions in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Pour some of the dressing over the trout, gently mixing to combine. Add more horseradish and mustard, to taste.nFry the potatoes in batches until they are golden and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain on a papertowellined sheet tray and season with salt. Stuff the potatoes with the trout salad, and garnish with dill sprigs and trout roe., ingredients: [Four 1 12 to 2pound whole trout, scaled, gutted, and cut into 4 skinon fillets, 35 creamer potatoes, parboiled, halved, 3 to 4 tablespoons mayonnaise, such as Hellmans, 3 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, plus more to taste, 3 tablespoons malt vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped dill, plus whole sprigs for garnish, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, plus more to taste, 3 green onions, dark and pale green parts thinly sliced, plus more for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Trout roe, for garnish], title: Smoked Trout with Malt Vinegar Salad Stuffed Creamer, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 1370: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlice off half the eggplant skin and slice the eggplant into 12inch thick discs. Then stack the discs and cut the eggplant into 12inchwide batons. Salt the eggplant and let it drain on a kitchen towel for 20 minutes.nPlace the mint and 1 cup of the basil leaves with the toasted pine nuts in the bowl of a food processor. Season with salt and pepper and grate in 1 clove garlic. Add in the lemon zest and juice, then turn the processor on and stream in about 14 cup olive oil. Place the pesto in a large shallow bowl that you can serve the zucchini pasta from. Stir in the cheese.nUsing a vegetable peeler and shaving the length of the zucchinis very thinly slice them into wide, pastalike ribbons. If the zucchini are large and seedy, discard the seeds once you get to the center. Flip the zucchini over and peel until you reach seeds. If the zucchini are firm and small to medium in size youll be able to use all of the vegetable.nPlace the vegetable stock and 2 cups water in deep skillet.nHeat the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, in a large skillet and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add the eggplant to the hot oil and lightly brown, 6 to 7 minutes, tossing occasionally. Toss and combine with the chile flakes and remaining garlic. Add the tomatoes and cover the pan with a tight fitting lid. Shake the pan occasionally and cook until the tomatoes burst, 7 to 8 minutes more.nMeanwhile, heat the stock and water to low rolling boil, add the zucchini, cook 2 minutes. Use a spider or tongs to remove the zucchini to the pesto. Add 1 cup cooking liquids and toss to coat and combine, using additional cooking liquids if necessary. Top with extra cheese to serve.nRemove the lid from the eggplant and tear in the remaining 12 cup basil leaves. Toss to combine.nServe the zucchini piled up on plate with the eggplant alongside, topping eggplant with crumbled ricotta salata., ingredients: [1 large eggplant, Salt, 1 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 12 cups fresh basil leaves, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, Pepper, 4 cloves garlic, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 14 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 3 firm small to medium zucchini, 4 cups vegetable stock, 1 teaspoon chile flakes, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, 1 cup crumbled ricotta salata], title: Zucchini Pappardelle with Pesto and Eggplant alla Norma, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 1371: {instructions: Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Increase the heat to high add the bread in batches and toast until golden on both sides. Set aside and season with salt.nWhisk the vinegar, the remaining 5 tablespoons oil, 12 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Add the radicchio, celery, salami, basil, mozzarella and olives toss to coat.nPlace 1 romaine half on each plate. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Spoon the salad onto each wedge, drizzling any remaining dressing on top serve with the toasts.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 large cloves garlic, smashed, 8 slices rustic Italian bread, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Freshly ground pepper, 1 small head radicchio, thinly sliced, 3 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 6 ounces delisliced hard salami or soppressata, cut into strips, 10 to 15 fresh basil leaves, sliced if large, 8 ounces small mozzarella balls bocconcini, halved, 20 cured black olives such as kalamata or nicoise, pitted and halved, 2 romaine lettuce hearts, halved lengthwise], title: Antipasti Dinner Salad, picturelink: gbuYIlA2SoNn4Cfokkk0dX.VAGnyYZm}, 1372: {instructions: With a sharp paring knife, make 2 to 3 12inch deep diagonal cuts in each piece of chicken, being careful not to cut all the way through.nIn a small saute pan set over moderate heat, combine the ginger, cumin, coriander, paprika, turmeric, cardamom pods, and cayenne. Cook, gently shaking the pan, until you can smell the spices, approximately 1 minute.nTransfer the spices to a spicecoffee grinder and grind the spices finely.nTransfer the chicken pieces to a large resealable plastic bag and add the spice mixture, garlic, and lemon juice and toss to coat thoroughly, making sure the rub penetrates the cuts. Marinate the chicken in the refrigerator, for at least 5 hours or overnight.nPreheat grill.nRemove chicken pieces from the plastic bag and pat them dry. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Rub the chicken pieces thoroughly with half the shortening.nGrill chicken on an oiled rack 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals or on a gas grill for 7 to 10 minutes per side. While grilling, brush on the remaining shortening. When the chicken pieces are cooked through, transfer to a platter. Let chicken stand while preparing salad.nIn a sieve, drain the yogurt for 15 minutes. In a bowl, combine yogurt, lemon zest, lemon juice, garlic, cilantro, cayenne, salt, and pepper, to taste.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the pressed garlic, lime juice, fish sauce, and sugar, and blend until the sugar is dissolved.nAdd chile, papaya, carrot, and cilantro to the dressing, tossing well. Salad may be made 2 hours ahead and chilled, covered. Bring salad to room temperature before serving. Serve salad sprinkled with peanuts., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, cut into 4 sections, skin removed, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 5 green cardamom pods, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 lemons, juiced, 14 cup vegetable shortening, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Yogurt sauce, as an accompaniment, recipe follows, Green Papaya Salad, as an accompaniment, recipe follows, 12 cup plain yogurt, 1 lemon, zested, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, Pinch cayenne, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large garlic cloves, forced through a garlic press, 13 cup fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons Asian fish sauce preferably nuoc mam, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 small thin fresh red or green Asian chile 1 or 2 inches long or Serrano chile, or to taste, seeded and finely chopped wear rubber gloves, 1 12 pounds green papaya, peeled, seeded, and coarsely shredded in a food processor about 4 cups, 2 carrots, finely shredded, 23 cup cilantro leaves, washed well and spun dry, 4 tablespoons roasted peanuts, crushed], title: Grilled TandooriSpiced Chicken over Green Papaya Salad, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 1373: {instructions: To make the caramel:nHave ready 8 individual 5ounce ramekins. In a thick sided heavy duty pot, combine the sugar, corn syrup, 12 cup of the water, and lemon juice. Cook over high heat until a medium brown caramel forms. Remove from heat and stir in the remaining 12 cup of water. Pour about 1 tablespoon of caramel into each ramekin.nTo make the flan:nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCream together the eggs, egg yolks, and sugar in bowl. In a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring the halfandhalf and vanilla bean to a scald. Gradually whisk the halfandhalf mixture into the eggs, a little at a time at first and whisking constantly, to temper the egg mixture.nFill each ramekin almost to the top with the egg mixture. Set the ramekins in a deep baking dish and fill the dish with hot water that reaches halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake until the flan is set jiggly but not firm, about 90 minutes. Let cool and refrigerate.nTo serve, use a paring knife to cut around the outside of the ramekin and then invert the mold over each serving plate. It may be necessary to shake the flan or gently push it back on one side in order to get the flan to break loose from the ramekin. Serve with the liquid caramel that pours out as a sauce.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [3 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 12 cup water, plus 12 cup, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 6 eggs, 3 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 4 cups halfandhalf, 1 vanilla bean], title: Flan, picturelink: null}, 1374: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine watermelon, cantaloupe, kiwi, raspberries, blackberries, strawberries, grapes, pineapple, and apples. Pour orange juice over and gently fold together, Garnish with fresh mint leaves.nFor a more elegant presentation, all melon can be cut into balls using a melon baller, and the rest of the fruit can be arranged on a platter instead of in a bowl., ingredients: [1 sugar baby watermelon, or 12 watermelon, seeds removed and diced, 1 cantaloupe, seeds removed and diced, 4 kiwi, peeled and cut into 14inch thick slices, 1 pint fresh raspberries, 1 pint fresh blackberries, 1 quart fresh strawberries, hulled and sliced, 2 cups seedless white grapes, 1 pineapple, peeled, cored and diced medium, 4 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, diced medium and tossed with 1 tablespoon lemon juice to prevent oxidation, 12 cup orange juice, 12 cup fresh mint leaves], title: Fruit Salad, picturelink: w1DmspcrHruEQeH6mpvaKt4qNo228zW}, 1375: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine flour, salt and butter. Mix lightly with your fingertips until dough forms peasized pieces. Stir in milk and lightly knead until dough forms a ball. Transfer dough to a buttered bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let rest 1 hour.nOn a lightly floured board, shape dough into a log and divide into 8 pieces. Roll each piece into a ball and place on the floured board under a slightly damp towel for 30 minutes.nStir together the tahini, maple syrup and melted butter, and set aside.nRoll four of the dough balls into 7inch rounds, and coat the surface of three of the rounds with a thin layer of the tahini mixture and stack them on top of each other. Place the fourth, uncoated round on top and press the edges together to seal the stack. Place a towel over the top and repeat process with remaining four dough balls. You should have extra tahini mixture left over. Let them rest for 30 minutes.nPlace one of the stacks on a lightly floured board, sprinkle with a little flour and gently roll into a larger 9inch round, about 14inch thick. Spread half of the remaining tahini mixture over the top, and roll up like a jelly roll. Use a sharp knife to cut into 4 pieces and place them under a towel. Repeat with remaining round. Let them rest for 15 minutes, then roll each piece of dough into a 6inch square.nHeat a cast iron skillet or griddle over medium heat and brush lightly with the melted butter. Place one square of dough in the skillet and cook for about 1 minute, or until dough begins to bubble and turn light brown. Brush bread lightly with melted butter, flip and bake other side for 30 seconds to a minute, or until slightly crisp on the outside but still soft. Transfer bread to a plate, cover with foil to keep warm, and cook remaining bread.nServe hot, drizzled with warm maple syrup., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon whole milk, 13 cup tahini, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, Melted butter, Maple syrup, warmed, for drizzling], title: Bread with Tahini and Syrup, picturelink: null}, 1376: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the mayonnaise, chives, lemon juice, mustard, hot sauce, green onions, celery and garlic. Season with salt and pepper.nCover and refrigerate for 1 hour to blend the flavors. Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 3 days. Serve chilled., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon wholegrain Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, or to taste, 2 to 3 green onions, white and pale green parts only, finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, very finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Country Remoulade, picturelink: null}, 1377: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer or using a hand mixer, beat together the brown sugar and butter until fluffy. Beat in the vanilla. Add the eggs one at a time, scraping the bowl after each one.nMix together the flour, salt and baking soda in a medium bowl. Add it into the creamed mixture in 2 to 3 batches, mixing until just combined. Mix in the oats until just combined.nUse your preferred size cookie scoop or a regular spoon to drop portions of dough onto baking sheets, spacing them a couple inches apart. Bake until dark and chewy, 12 to 13 minutes. If youd like a crispier cookie, just cook a little longernLet the cookies cool slightly on the baking sheets, then transfer onto a plate for serving., ingredients: [2 cups packed dark brown sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks salted butter, softened, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 3 cups oldfashioned oats], title: Brown Sugar Oatmeal Cookies, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 1378: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 short lollipop sticks Bunny cookie cutters 10 by 20inch pieces thin foam Large tray or basket 10 by 20inch piece wheat grass Colored Easter eggsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, mix the sugar cookie dough with the cherry extract and 12 to 1 cup flour to make a very firm cookie dough. Roll out the dough to 14 to 12inch thick. It has to be very thick for the lollipop sticks to stay in once baked.nCut out bunny shapes and insert lollipop sticks. You should get about 8 cookies, depending on the size of your cutter. Bake according to package directions they will probably need a little longer as they will be MUCH thicker. Cool completely.nDecorate with icings. Let the icing dry overnight.nPlace the foam in your large tray or basket. Top with the wheat grass. Insert the bunny cookies into the grass and foam. Scatter some Easter eggs around the grass., ingredients: [2 packages sugar cookie dough, 2 teaspoons cherry extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Decorating icings], title: Easter Bunny Centerpiece, picturelink: 1sqIxnUDE6GKSphFkfq.LJmYA4psHaq}, 1379: {instructions: In a large skillet set over medium heat, heat 3 tablespoons of the oil until shimmering, about 2 minutes. Add the collards, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper, and saute until just al dente, about 15 minutes.nRemove from the skillet and drain, reserving the cooking liquid. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in the same skillet over medium heat until shimmering, 1 minute. Add the drained collards and the sugar. Stir until the sugar begins to caramelize, about 15 minutes. Add some of the reserved liquid to help melt down the sugar as needed. Toss in the red pepper flakes, fully coating the collards before serving., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large bunches fresh collards, leaves removed and stems discarded, cut into 1inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes], title: Go, Dawgs Greens, picturelink: null}, 1380: {instructions: Combine the iced tea, scotch, schnapps and peaches in a pitcher with ice. Chill for 30 minutes to allow the flavors to mix.nDivide the mixture among 4 highball glasses with ice. Garnish with lemon and mint., ingredients: [12 ounces iced tea, 8 ounces scotch, 4 ounces peach schnapps, 1 peach, sliced, 4 lemon wedges, 4 sprigs fresh mint], title: Mothers Little Helper, picturelink: ZAqeqXU06204zKkRYiAFnC.0pSf4nmi}, 1381: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: about 30 wooden skewers, soaked in water for at least 30 minutes up to 2 hoursnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Set a roasting rack in a large baking pan.nTo make the marinade, pour the teriyaki sauce in a bowl and then throw in the ginger, sugar, crushed red pepper, salt, garlic, green onions and lemon juice. Stir it around and set it aside.nNext, cut the pineapple into chunks by lopping off the top, slicing off the rind, cutting the pineapple into wedges, slicing off the hard inner core and then cutting the slices into chunks. Store half the chunks in the fridge for snacking.nPlace a chunk of pineapple on top of a shrimp and then wrap the whole thing in one of the halfslices of bacon. Stick a skewer through the whole thing so that it holds the pineapple, shrimp and bacon securely, and lay it on the rack in the pan. Continue with the remaining ingredients. Brush each skewer generously with some of the marinade.nRoast the skewers for 10 minutes. Remove them from the oven and brush with a second coat of marinade. Return the pan to the oven and roast until the bacon is sizzling and the shrimp is cooked, about 15 minutes.nServe them hot or at room temperature. Divine, ingredients: [12 cup thick teriyaki sauce, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 dash kosher salt, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 green onions, sliced, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 fresh pineapple, 2 pounds jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 pound bacon, package sliced in half], title: ShrimpPineapple Skewers, picturelink: 9gI2x8rsHoIZyzF6QSI9QibHIvOt2.}, 1382: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a charcoal grill with coals. Spread them out in one dense layer.nWhisk the eggs in a bowl with the milk, salt, and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons of butter in a large saute or omelet pan over the hot grill. Add the eggs and cook them until the desired doneness, stirring constantly. Off the grill, add the goat cheese, chives, and the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter. Stir and allow the eggs to sit for 30 seconds, until the cheese begins to melt. Check for seasonings. Serve hot., ingredients: [16 extralarge eggs, 12 cup milk or halfandhalf, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, divided, 6 ounces fresh goat cheese, such as Montrachet, crumbled, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives], title: SlowCooked Scrambled Eggs with Goat Cheese, picturelink: cOaS.5KR.MoSRPhe5OJjlZfHD4dZuO}, 1383: {instructions: To make the eclairs: Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat.nThere are several ways to shape your bubble eclairs. Usually I portion the dough with a small cookie scoop one with a capacity of 2 teaspoons, but you can pipe the dough from a pastry bag with a plain or open star tip, which makes squiggles and swirls that look lovely when baked. You might want to make it simple and just use a zipperlock plastic bag as a piping bag.nNo matter what you use, you want to scoop or pipe 3 balls of dough as close to one another as you can get them for each eclair. If youre scooping, scoop 1 ball, then crowd it with the secondgiving it a little nudgeand then scoop out the last bubble, snuggling it up to the second ball of dough. When youve got 3 bubbles in a row, move on to the next eclair, making sure to leave at least 2 inches of puffandgrow space between the clusters. If youre piping, the principle is the same.nNow you have to make some decisions about the topping. If youre going to top the bubbles with disks of crackle, theres no need to give them an egg wash. Just lay a circle of the Crackle Top Dough on each puff of dough.nIf youd like to top the eclairs with Streusel or pearl sugar, then its nice to give each puff a swipe of egg wash. Make an effort to keep the egg wash on the top of the puffs and not let it drip down the sides its not fatal, but it does hamper the even rise of the pate a choux. If youre using Streusel, break up the pieces with your fingertips and use a smidge on each puffput it on and press it down very, very lightly. If youre using pearl sugar, go to townits nice to have that crunch.nSlide the baking sheet into the oven and immediately turn the oven temperature down to 375 degrees F. Bake the eclairs for 20 minutes without opening the oven door, then rotate the pan and continue to bake the pastries for another 10 to 15 minutes, or until they are golden on top and bottom and firm to the touch. Transfer the eclairs to a rack to cool to room temperature.nTo fill the eclairs: There are two traditional ways to fill eclairs, both good and both fun. One is to fill a pastry bag with whatever youve chosen as a filling, use a medium plain pastry tip to poke a hole in the eclaireither in the bottom or in one sidenuzzle the tip into the hole and squeeze in enough filling to come to the edges of the hole.nThe other way is to slice the eclairs horizontally, either in half or by cutting off the top one third. If you do this, you can scoop out the inevitable eggy innards. Some people love the custard interior, some dont, so know thyself and thine audience. Pipe, spoon or scoop the filling into the bottom of the eclairs and cap with the tops.nNo matter how youve filled the pastries, they should be served immediately or stowed in the refrigerator until needed.nIf you havent sugared or crackled your eclairs, you might want to give them a lastminute dusting of confectioners sugar.nServing: Theres no law that says you cant pass these around and let everyone eat them out of hand, but I think of them as knifeandfork pastries. If you serve them with cutlery you might want to serve them with bittersweet chocolate sauce or hot or cold salted caramel sauce.nBring the milk, water, butter, sugar and salt to a rapid boil in a medium heavybottomed saucepan over high heat. Add the flour all at once, lower the heat to mediumlow and quickly start stirring energetically with a wooden spoon or sturdy heatproof spatula. The dough will come together and a light crust will form on the bottom of the pan. Keep stirring vigorously for another minute or two to dry the dough. The dough should be very smooth.nTurn the dough out into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or into a large bowl in which you can use a hand mixer or a wooden spoon. Let the dough sit for 3 minutes, then add the eggs one by one, beating until the dough is thick and shiny. Make sure that each egg is fully incorporated before you add the next, and dont be concerned if the dough falls apart by the time the last egg goes in, it will have come together again. The dough should be used immediately.nRemove the butter from the refrigerator 10 minutes before youre ready to make the dough.nAfter 10 minutes, cut the butter into small cubes and toss it and the brown sugar and salt into a food processor. Process until almost blended. Add the flour and pulse until the dough forms moist curds. Pulse in the vanilla.nScrape the dough onto a piece of parchment or wax paper and shape it into a disk. Cover with another piece of parchment or wax paper and roll the dough out so that its about 116th inch thick. Slide the dough, still between the paper, onto a cutting board and freeze it for at least 2 hours. The dough can be frozen for up to 2 months, in which case it should be wrapped airtight.nPut the flour, sugar and salt in a medium bowl and mix everything together by running the ingredients through your fingers. Drop in the butter and squeeze and rub the cubes into the mixture until you have a sandy mix. If you press a little streusel together, youll get lumps, which is just what you want. Drizzle the vanilla over the streusel and toss, squeeze and rub to distribute it. Cover the bowl and chill the streusel until needed. You can make the streusel up to 1 week ahead pack it in an airtight container and keep it refrigerated.nIf using a vanilla bean, cut it in half lengthwise and use the tip of the knife to scrape out the pulpy seeds. Bring the milk and vanilla bean pulp and pod to a boil in a medium saucepan. If youre using extract, youll add it later. Cover the pan, turn off the heat and let infuse for at least 10 minutes, or for up to 1 hour.nReturn the milk to a boil if youve used a vanilla bean bring it to a boil if youre using extract.nWhisk the yolks, sugar and cornstarch together in a medium heatproof bowl until blended. Whisking constantly, drizzle in one quarter of the hot milk to temper, or warm, the yolks. Still whisking, add the remainder of the liquid in a steady stream. Remove the pod if you have it, pour the mixture into the saucepan and, whisking vigorously and constantly, bring to a boil over medium heat. Keep at a boilnever stop whiskingfor 1 to 2 minutes, then press the cream through a sieve into a clean bowl. Stir in the vanilla extract, if youre using it.nLeave the pastry cream on the counter for 10 minutes, then whisk in the butter until it is fully incorporated and the pastry cream is smooth and silky.nEither press a piece of plastic film against the surface of the cream and refrigerate it until its thoroughly chilled, at least 2 hours, or fill a large bowl with ice cubes and cold water, set the bowl of pastry cream in it and leave the cream there, stirring occasionally, until its cold. Use now, or cover and refrigerate until needed.nStoring: The pastry cream can be kept tightly covered in the refrigerator for up to 3 days. Whisk it well to loosen it before using.nWorking in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, or in a large bowl with a hand mixer or a balloon whip, beat the cream and 1 to 2 tablespoons sugar together just until the cream starts to thicken. Taste and add more sugar, if youd like, then continue to beat until you get the thickness you want. I use my stand mixer and start off slow, then increase the speed and when the cream is almost whipped the way I want it, I finish it by hand with a whisk. Hand finishing reduces the risk of overbeating and turning your cream into sweetened butter. When the cream is just right, stir in the vanilla extract, if youre using it.nStoring: Whipped cream is best served soon after its made, but it will keep, covered, in the refrigerator for a few hours. Give it a goround with a whisk just before serving. To keep the cream longer or to get a thicker cream line a strainer with a piece of moistened cheesecloth, place the strainer over a bowl and put the cream in the strainer. Wrap the whole setup in plastic film and refrigerate it for up to 24 hours.nWorking in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, or in a large bowl with a heavyduty hand mixer, beat the cream until it holds mediumfirm peaks. If youre working in a stand mixer, transfer the cream to another bowl and rinse and dry the mixer bowl and whisk. Cover the whipped cream and refrigerate.nPut the eggs and yolks in the mixer bowl and fit the machine with the whisk attachment, or work in another large bowl with the hand mixer. Beat the eggs at low speed just to break them up. Set aside while you prepare the chocolate and syrup.nMelt the chocolate in a microwave oven or in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water, making sure that the heat isnt too high and that the chocolate remains thick and shiny. If necessary, scrape the chocolate into a bowl thats large enough to hold all the ingredients for the mousse set aside. The chocolate must cool 114 degrees F is the ideal temperature so that when you fold in the cold whipped cream, it doesnt seize and clump.nBring the sugar and water to a boil in a small heavybottomed saucepan. Swirl the pan to mix the ingredients as they start to heat, and if some of the sugar spatters on the sides of the pan, wash it down with a silicone pastry brush dipped in cold water. Cook the sugar over high heat until it reaches 257 degrees F on a candy or instantread thermometer, about 8 minutes or maybe a little more, depending on the dimensions of your pan and the heat you have under it.nBack to the eggs: Beat the eggs on the lowest speed, just to get them moving again, then very slowly pour in the hot sugar syrup in a thin stream. Try to pour the syrup between the side of the bowl and the whirring whisk. Please be carefulthis is soooooooo hot and sticky No matter how careful you are, youll get spatters and you should just leave themtrying to scrape them into the eggs will only produce lumps. When all the syrup is in the bowl, up the mixer speed to high and beat until the eggs are pale and more than doubled in volume, about 5 minutes. If the eggs have doubled but still feel warm, lower the mixer speed to medium and keep beating until they reach room temperature.nPull the whipped cream from the refrigerator and give it a couple of rounds with a whisk, just to bring back the mediumfirm peaks. Working with a large flexible spatula, fold about one quarter of the whipped cream into the chocolate to lighten it, then gently fold in the rest of the cream. Now, using the spatula and your lightest touch, fold in the whipped eggs. Your voluminous eggs will deflate some, but be gentle and the texture of your mousse will be lovely.nUse the mousse now if youre filling a cake with it, but if you want to pipe it, its best to cover and chill it for at least 1 hour. And if you are serving it on its own, chill it.nServing: The mousse can be served elegantly in small cups or bowls, topped with a rosette of unsweetened whipped cream, or family style, as its often served in French homes.nStoring: The mousse can be covered tightly and kept in the refrigerator for up to 1 day., ingredients: [1 recipe Cream Puff Dough, recipe follows, just made and ready to use, Egg wash 1 large egg lightly beaten with a splash of cold water optional, Double recipe Crackle Top Dough, recipe follows, rolled out, cut into 1inch rounds and frozen, 1 recipe Streusel, recipe follows, Pearl sugar available online or at Ikea, Pastry Cream, recipe follows, Whipped Cream, recipe follows, Dark Chocolate Mousse, recipe follows, Ice cream, slightly softened, Confectioners sugar, for dusting optional, Serving suggestion: bittersweet chocolate sauce or hot or cold caramel sauce, 12 cup 120 ml whole milk, 12 cup 120 ml water, 1 stick 8 tablespoons 4 ounces 113 grams unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 cup 136 grams allpurpose flour, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 4 12 tablespoons 2 14 ounces 64 grams unsalted butter, 12 cup 100 grams lightly packed light brown sugar, Pinch of fine sea salt, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons 85 grams allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cup 102 grams allpurpose flour, 13 cup 67 grams sugar, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 34 stick 6 tablespoons 3 ounces 85 grams cold unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 moist, fragrant vanilla bean, or 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups 480 ml whole milk, 6 large egg yolks, 12 cup 100 grams sugar, 13 cup 43 grams cornstarch, sifted, 3 12 tablespoons 1 34 ounces 50 grams unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into 6 chunks, 1 cup 240 ml very cold heavy cream, 1 to 4 tablespoons confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract optional, 1 34 cups 420 ml very cold heavy cream, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 4 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 10 ounces 283 grams bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 12 cup 100 grams sugar, 3 tablespoons water], title: Bubble Eclairs, picturelink: 4.5BgLHDLlYOk4Qq4Hx2LqcnYA9OV6}, 1384: {instructions: In a hot pan, cook the lobster shells and peppercorns in olive oil until well browned. Add the onion, carrot, and celery and cook until lightly caramelized.nAdd the tomato paste and cook a few more minutes, being careful not to add any more color to the tomato paste. Deglaze with brandy and reduce by 12.nAdd paprika, cayenne, roux, star anise, lobster stock, bouquet garni, and fennel, and whisk to incorporate the roux. Simmer covered for 1 hour.nStrain the sauce, discarding the vegetables. Place lobster shells in a food processor and grind. Return ground shells to the sauce and cook until reduced to sauce consistency. Finish with cold butter whisked into sauce. When butter is incorporated, strain sauce again.nServe with roasted fish of your choice., ingredients: [Lobster shells from 4 lobsters, meat reserved for another use, 10 Szechwan peppercorns, 3 ounces extra virgin olive oil, 1 large white onion, cut into small dice, 1 carrot, peeled, cut into small dice, 1 stalk celery, cut into small dice, 1 ounce tomato paste, 12 cup brandy, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons roux, equal parts butter and flour, 1 piece star anise, 2 quarts lobster stock, Bouquet Garni, 1 head fennel, shredded, 2 teaspoons cold butter], title: LOBSTER SAUCE, picturelink: null}, 1385: {instructions: 1. In a medium nonstick pan over medium heat, melt the butter. Once the butter is melted, continue cooking until the butter is golden brown. Remove from the heat and set aside. The residual heat will make the butter a little more brown, so err on the side of golden brown versus dark before you turn off the heat.n2. In a medium bowl, gently whisk together the eggs, egg yolk, water, milk, and salt until just combined. Add the flour and whisk until smooth. Slowly pour the browned butter into the mixture, whisking constantly. If necessary, strain the mixture to remove any lumps.n3. Use a paper towel to wipe out the same nonstick pan used to melt the butter. Set the pan over medium heat. Using a 13cup measure, scoop the batter and pour it into the center of the hot pan. Using a rotating motion with your wrist, swirl the batter around and out to the edges of the pan the thinner, the better. Return the pan to the heat and cook for 2 minutes. Use a rubber spatula to lift up the edge of the crepe and flip the crepe over. Cook on the other side for 30 seconds to 1 minute, depending on how golden you like it.n4. Slide the crepe onto a plate and spread with 1 tablespoon of the Nutella or as much as you like. Fold the crepe in half, then fold in half again to form a triangle. You can also just roll up the crepe loosely like a carpet. Garnish with desired toppings., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large eggs, 1 large egg yolk, 12 cup water, 1 cup milk, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup Nutella], title: Nutella Crepes, picturelink: null}, 1386: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a medium pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta, reserving 12 cup of the water.nIn medium bowl, mix the salad greens with the sundried tomatoes, goat cheese, and Parmesan. Top with warm pasta and 12 cup of the reserved pasta water. Toss to combine and wilt the greens. Season with a pinch each of salt and pepper, or to taste. Garnish with additional Parmesan, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [1 cup dried orecchiette pasta, 2 cups Mediterraneanstyle mixed salad greens, 2 tablespoons sundried tomatoes packed in olive oil, chopped, 1 tablespoon goat cheese, crumbled, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: Orecchiette with Mixed Greens and Goat Cheese, picturelink: 0KnvFQqpAID6AMvkmcntQDA3j01JRsO}, 1387: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 400F. Cook gnocchi as directed on package, omitting salt. 2. Meanwhile, melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add garlic cook and stir 3 minutes. Add cream mix well. Gradually add 1 cup of the cheese, stirring after each addition until melted. 3. Add ham, broccoli in sauce, mushrooms and cooked gnocchi mix well. Spoon into ungreased 9inch square 1 12quart glass baking dish. In small bowl, combine bread crumbs and remaining 12 cup cheese mix well. Sprinkle over casserole. 4. Bake at 400F. for 30 minutes or until golden brown. Cool 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 16oz. pkg. potato gnocchi, 14 cup butter, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 cup whipping cream, 6 oz. 1 12 cups shredded fresh Romano cheese, 14 lb. Cooked ham, coarsely chopped 34 cup, 1 10 oz. pkg. Green Giantr Frozen Broccoli in Cheese Flavored Sauce, thawed, 2 4.5oz. jars Green Giantr Sliced Mushrooms, drained, 12 cup Progressor Parmesan Bread Crumbs], title: Gnocchi Alfredo Casserole, picturelink: null}, 1388: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing your fingers, pluck the doughy section of bread away from the crust leaving a 14inch thick collar of crust. Place the crusty collars in a large bowl and drizzle with olive oil. Toss and squish the bread like a sponge until the oil is evenly absorbed.nPlace the oilsoaked crusty collars on a baking sheet, standing up so that the hot air can circulate through the O, and bake for approximately 20 minutes, or until collars are crispy and golden brown.nPlace the egg, in its shell, in boiling water for 40 seconds. Remove, run under cold water for 15 seconds to stop the cooking process, then use as directed.nTo make caesar salad dressing, add salt and pepper to the salad bowl this creates a sandpaperlike base that will make the next steps easier. Using the back of a soup spoon, grind the garlic against the wall of the bowl until it becomes a paste. Then add the anchovies, and once again use the back of the spoon to grind it into a paste. Follow the same procedure, adding the Dijon, egg yolk, lemon juice and Worcestershire sauce, 1 at a time. Make sure that each ingredient is blended into a smooth paste with the previous ingredients before proceeding.nAdd the oil and vinegar. Blend well.nTo serve, stand lettuce leaves upright in crouton collars. Drizzle 2 tablespoons of dressing overtop each serving, then sprinkle liberally with ParmigianoReggiano.nNote: If you dont have a rough wooden salad bowl, the dressing can be made with some sacrifice in a blender. Add the salt, pepper, garlic, anchovies, Dijon, lemon juice, Worcestershire and vinegar. Puree. Then add the oil and pulse a few times. Add the yolk and pulse a couple more timesu2014just enough to blend it without causing the dressing to turn mayonnaisey., ingredients: [1 4inch thick sourdough or French baguette, cut into 2inch thick slices, 12 cup olive oil, 1 egg yolk, coddled, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 2 anchovies or 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard the real stuff, not the dried stuff, 1 12 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup safflower oil, or olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 2 large heads romaine lettuce, outer leaves discarded, remaining inner leaves washed and thoroughly dried, 4 crouton collars, 12 cup freshly grated imported Italian ParmigianoReggiano], title: Caesar Salad with Crouton Collars, picturelink: null}, 1389: {instructions: For the hollandaise sauce: Add the egg yolks and lemon juice to a blender and blend for several seconds. With the blender running, slowly drizzle in the melted butter. Turn off the machine and add the adobo and some salt. Blend again and taste, adding more salt, adobo or lemon juice. Set aside and keep warm.nFor the steak and eggs: Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Slice the steaks in half so you have four 1inchthick steaks. Pat them dry and season with salt and pepper. When the skillet is hot, add the steaks and cook until they are done to your liking. Remove them to a plate, cover with a second plate and keep warm.nWipe out the skillet, rub with a little butter and crack in the eggs, keeping them separate. Cook until they are done to your liking: sunnyside up or over easy. Season with salt and pepper.nTo build: place 2 halves of the Garlic Butter English Muffins onto each plate. Top each with a steak, then an egg. Pour over the hollandaise, garnish with some cayenne and serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Position a rack over a baking sheet.nMelt the butter with the garlic in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat. Brush both sides of the muffins with the garlic butter and place them splitside up on the rack. Sprinkle with the Parmesan. Bake until browned, about 10 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 large egg yolks, Juice of 12 lemon, plus more if needed, 2 sticks 1 cup salted butter, melted and hot, 1 teaspoon adobo sauce, plus more if needed, Kosher salt, Two 12ounce tenderloin steaks, about 2 inches thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Butter, for the skillet, 4 large eggs, Garlic Butter English Muffins, recipe follows, Cayenne pepper, for serving, 4 tablespoons 12 stick salted butter, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, 2 English muffins, halved, 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan], title: Steak and Eggs Benedict with Spicy Hollandaise, picturelink: XC8MjZYr0X.VsV.DbQWL6pbATm9Yd8.}, 1390: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 bricks, wrapped in heavy foilnRemove first 2 wing joints, backbone, and breastbone from chicken or have your butcher do this. Rinse chicken well and pat dry place in a container just large enough to hold it, skin side down. Pour lemon juice over chicken and turn over completely to coat both sides.nFinely mince rosemary, thyme, and garlic together on a cutting board with the salt. Transfer to a small bowl or measuring cup and add paprika. Pour in olive oil and mix well. Pour half of mixture over chicken in container, rubbing it into meat. Turn chicken over, skin side up, and smear remaining herb mixture over and under the skin. Cover and refrigerate in marinade, skin side up, for at least 4 hours or up to overnight.nRemove chicken from refrigerator about 1 hour before cooking so it can come to room temperature.nHeat a castiron skillet over a high flame until hot add a film of olive oil, put chicken in skin side down and immediately place 2 foilcovered bricks on top, pressing down to flatten the chicken. Let cook, undisturbed, until skin side is crispy about 20 minutes then remove bricks, turn chicken over, and replace bricks. Continue cooking on other side until meat in thigh is cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes more. To serve, cut into leg and breast portions., ingredients: [1 whole fryer chicken, about 3 pounds, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 sprigs rosemary, leaves picked, 3 to 4 sprigs thyme leaves, leaves picked, or 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 large clove garlic, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 cup good olive oil], title: Chicken Under a Brick, picturelink: null}, 1391: {instructions: Whisk 1 quart buttermilk, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup sour cream and the zest and juice of 1 lemon in a bowl until the sugar dissolves. Refrigerate at least 2 hours. Churn in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions. Transfer to an airtight container and freeze until firm, at least 3 hours.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Buttermilk Sherbet, picturelink: lj5QmhgKtTvQWEzlBaaQe4jdSMOhwx2}, 1392: {instructions: Soak salt cod overnight. The next day: Preheat oil to 350 degrees. Boil fish in a heavy bottomed pot for 15 minutes or until the fish is tender. When cool flake the cod fish and remove all small bones. Mix flour and baking powder first and then and add all other ingredients to form a batter. Deep fry fritters using a teaspoon to drop them. Fry until golden brown and drain on paper towels and lightly salt, serve warm with Garlic Chili Lime Mayonnaise.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl and mix thoroughly., ingredients: [12 salt cod, Oil for frying, 2 cups flour, 1 teaspoon of baking powder, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 12 tablespoons each diced assorted peppers red, yellow and green, 1 tablespoon of chopped red onion, 34 cup of cold water, 1 cup mayonnaise, Juice of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon roasted, chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon chili paste, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Jamaican Stamp and Go, picturelink: null}, 1393: {instructions: Puree strawberries and send them through a fine sieve to catch the seeds. Whisk in cool lavender simple syrup and lemon juice. Taste for balance of acid and sweetness. Chill overnight in freezer.nCombine the sugar and the water in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook until the sugar has dissolved. Remove from the heat and cool. Bring simple syrup back to a simmer and toss in dried lavender. Cover and infuse for a 30 minutes. Strain and cool. Store in a refrigerator., ingredients: [5 cups strawberry puree, strained of seeds, from about 4 pints raw berries, 34 to 1 cup lavender simple syrup, recipe follows, 12 cup lemon juice, 2 cups sugar, 1 12 cups water, 2 tablespoons dried lavender], title: Strawberry Lavender Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 1394: {instructions: Melt the candy bars and condensed milk in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water, stirring, until smooth do not let the bowl touch the water. Remove the bowl from the saucepan and whisk in the milk, halfandhalf and chocolate syrup. Refrigerate until cold, at least 2 hours.nChurn the mixture in an ice cream maker. Transfer to an airtight container and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours. Photograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 ounces Milky Way candy bars, chopped, 12 cup sweetened condensed milk, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup chocolate syrup optional], title: Milky Way Ice Cream, picturelink: HEd9TRxCu9Zm19pU3h5TkutRBiY17q.}, 1395: {instructions: To make the spread: Place the cream cheese, goat cheese, garlic, thyme, parsley, 5 tablespoons milk, salt, and pepper in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat on medium speed until well mixed. Add an additional tablespoon of milk if the spread is very thick.nTo make the sandwiches: spread each slice of the bread with the goat cheese spread. Slice the cucumber into thin rounds and arrange on half of the bread slices. Top with the remaining bread and press slightly. Cut the sandwiches into halves, thirds, or triangles., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 10 12 ounces Montrachet or other mild goat cheese, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic 2 cloves, 12 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 5 to 6 tablespoons milk, halfandhalf, or heavy cream, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 loaves 7grain bread, thinly sliced, 1 hothouse cucumber, not peeled], title: Herbed Goat Cheese Sandwiches, picturelink: 9rNGoEWjAirpeqqTV5dTqByHk8Danp2}, 1396: {instructions: Add bell pepper, onion and celery to butter and saute until tender. Add crawfish fat and simmer covered 10 minutes. Add crawfish tails, green onions and remainder of seasonings. Thicken if necessary with a little cornstarch and let cook long enough to thicken gravy.nUsing your favorite pie crust recipe, make enough pie dough for a double crust pie. Place the dough in a 9inch pie pan. Gently press the dough to the bottom and sides. Cut excess dough, leaving a 1inch overhang. Fill the pie shell with the cooled filling. With a pastry brush, dip in cold water and moisten the outside edge of the pastry shell. Place top crust over the filling, cutting off the overhang even with the overhang on the bottom crust. Crimp the top and bottom crusts together, trim. Cut 2 or 3 oneinch parallel slits in the top of the pie. Place pie in a preheated 450 degree oven and bake for 10 minutes, then lower heat to 375 degrees and cook for 35 minutes longer or until crust is a golden brown. Serve hot as a main course.nIndividual pies:nUsing the same procedure, individual pie pans or a muffin pan with large cups can be used instead of a large pie pan. Roll the dough, fit into the cups, place the filling in the cups. Moisten the edges with cold water. Place a circle of dough on top. Crimp edges together. Cut a 1inch slit in the center. Bake as above., ingredients: [34 medium bell pepper, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 34 cup butter, 6 tablespoons crawfish fat optional, 1 34 pound peeled crawfish tails, 12 cup green onions and 3 inches of the top, 12 cup minced parsley, 1 112 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon red pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, Cornstarch to thicken], title: Crawfish Pie, picturelink: null}, 1397: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake a small slit on the side of each kiwi round and stick a craft pop stick in it. Place the kiwi pops on a baking sheet and freeze until solid.nMelt the coconut oil and chocolate over a double boiler of simmering water, stirring until melted. Turn off the heat.nDip each frozen kiwi pop into the chocolate, letting the excess chocolate drip back into the double boiler. Place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Place in the freezer until hard and crisp, 10 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 kiwis, peeled and sliced into rounds, 2 tablespoons coconut oil, 8 ounces small pieces of chocolate dark, milk or bittersweet], title: Chocolate Covered Kiwi Pops, picturelink: uE24pk.KRdXg3NGfFoJJFAqOZfZvshW}, 1398: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all ingredients in a shallow dish or saucer.nFor the wet rim:nWet the rim of a martini glass or tumbler with the slice of apple, reserve for garnish. Dip the rim of the glass in the sugar mixture and reserve.nnIn a cocktail shaker, pour the cinnamon schnapps, vodka, and ginger ale over ice, shake and strain into the glass. Garnish with the apple slice. ., ingredients: [Apple slice, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, Grated nutmeg, 1 ounce cinnamon schnapps, 1 ounce vodka, 4 ounces ginger ale, Ice], title: Gingerbling, picturelink: OPZYKqVgGOCe4yPRlNG0RyRERyONTlq}, 1399: {instructions: For the stock: Combine 6 cups water, the wine, carrots, celery, garlic, onion, bay leaf and bouquet garni in a large pot and bring to boil. Then reduce to a simmer and cook for 30 minutes. Strain and set aside.nFor the vegetables: Trim and peel the artichokes to the heart and remove the choke. Drop the artichoke hearts in a bowl of water with a squeeze of fresh lemon juice to prevent oxidation.nCook the artichoke hearts in the vegetable stock until tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Chill in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nCut the artichokes into bitesize pieces and toss in a bowl with some salt, pepper, a few drizzles of olive oil, the parsley, red pepper flakes, a little lemon juice, a few pinches sugar and a splash of red wine vinegar.nCut the tomatoes and marinate with some salt and pepper, a few drizzles of olive oil and a little red wine vinegar.nHeat the balsamic vinegar in a small saucepan and simmer over medium heat until reduced to a syrup. Chill the reduced balsamic vinegar until ready to serve.nAlternate the tomatoes, artichokes, basil leaves and mozzarella on each skewer.nDrizzle a little balsamic reduction over each skewer and season with salt and pepper.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 cups white wine, 2 carrots, 2 celery stalks, 1 head garlic, cut in half lengthwise, 1 onion, peeled and quartered, 1 bay leaf, 1 bouquet garni, 2 artichokes, 2 to 3 lemons, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Sugar, Red wine vinegar, 5 cherry or grape tomatoes, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 10 small basil leaves, 10 fresh mozzarella bocconcini, Special equipment: 6inch wooden skewers], title: Fresh Mozzarella Antipasti, picturelink: x5kTue7LCcNHucrkje9HoVzSaeagCmC}, 1400: {instructions: Take 2 cups of the ginger beer and fill an ice cube tray with it. Place in the freezer until firm.nCombine the remaining 6 cups ginger beer, the rum, lime juice, simple syrup and sliced limes in a pitcher cover and refrigerate until cold. Add the ice cubes just before serving in tall glasses., ingredients: [8 cups 64 ounces very cold ginger beer, 2 cups dark rum, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup simple syrup, 2 limes, thinly sliced], title: Dark and Stormy, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 1401: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the noodles according to package directions.nMelt 3 tablespoons butter in a large saute pan. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the arugula and allow to wilt, about 1 minute. Add the lemon juice, salt and pepper and toss gently to combine well. Strain the pasta and add to the saute pan, tossing the noodles to combine. Add 12 the Asiago, toss and put in a serving bowl. Garnish with the remaining Asiago and a fresh crack of black pepper., ingredients: [12 ounces enriched, extrawide egg noodles, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 3 cups fresh arugula, loosely packed, 1 tablespoon fresh squeezed lemon juice, Salt and fresh cracked black pepper, 14 cup finely shredded Asiago cheese, divided], title: Acme Buttered Noodles, picturelink: zNUuyM1ZMcDbX6y9R7V0O6caooiHdze}, 1402: {instructions: In a large bowl combine the macaroni, celery, onion, parsley and tomato, if using. In a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, sugar, vinegar, sour cream and salt. Pour the dressing over the salad and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve. Store covered in the refrigerator, for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 cups dry elbow macaroni, cooked, rinsed, and drained, 13 cup diced celery, 14 cup minced red onion, soaked in cold water for 5 minutes, drained, 1 tablespoon minced flatleaf parsley, 12 cup diced vineripened tomato optional, 12 cup prepared mayonnaise, 34 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 12 tablespoons cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste, Freshly ground black pepper], title: American Macaroni Salad, picturelink: eSV2LaPVEkT5CEHXwJAahCSJOtSbJ1q}, 1403: {instructions: In a large, heavy bottomed soup pot, saute the onions and celery in the whole butter until translucent. Stir in the flour and cook over a low flame for approximately 5 minutes. Add a splash of Sherry then the cream, stir this then add the water and milk. Now add the salt, Tabassco and crab roe, bring to a simmer then add the crabmeat. Stir in the crab gently as to not break the lumps. If the soup appears too thick, add a little more milk and adjust the seasonings. Serve in a soup cup and garnish with the scallions, chives and a splash of sherry., ingredients: [1 small yellow onion, finely diced, 2 stalks celery, finely diced, 4 ounces whole butter, 4 ounces all purpose flour, Splash Sherry, 1 pint heavy cream, 1 pint water, 2 pints whole milk, 1 12 teaspoons salt, Several dashes hot sauce, 14 pound crab roe, 14 pound jumbo lump crab meat, 1 bunch fresh chives, finely diced, 1 bunch scallions tops, finely diced, Fine Sherry], title: She Crab Soup, picturelink: null}, 1404: {instructions: In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of oil and the onions. Saute until the onions are translucent. In the same skillet, add the sausage meat and cook until all the sausage has changed color and is cooked, about 5 minutes. Add the cornbread and fresh herbs and continue to cook for another 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to rest until cool.nWhen cool add the whipped egg whites, heavy cream and melted butter and stir to combine. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste.nMake a cut 14inch from the top of the loin down the full length and roll the pork cutting at the same time, this will give you a flat piece of meat  if you were to roll it back up it would look like it did before you cut it. Evenly spread the stuffing over the flattened pork loin and then reroll it back to the original form.nTie together with butchers twine, so the loin is tied every 1 to 2 inches. Refrigerate for about 1 hour to rest and firm up a bit.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Using a large skillet over high heat, add the remaining 2 tablespoons of grapeseed oil and sear the whole pork loin until golden brown all over, then transfer the pan to the oven and bake for 15 to 17 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees F.nCheck the pork temperature after 10 minutes, as some ovens cook faster than others, and we dont want the meat to overcook. The loin should be removed from the oven when it reaches an internal temperature of 135 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Transfer the loin to a cutting board and cover with aluminum foil, to rest for 5 minutes. It will continue to cook and reach an internal temperature of 145 degrees F. Slice the pork and arrange on a serving platter to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 small onion, diced, 12 pound ground Italian pork sausage, 2 cups prepared and crumbled cornbread, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 egg whites, whipped to form peaks, 4 tablespoons heavy cream, 3 tablespoons melted butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 2pound piece pork loin], title: Roasted Pork Loin with Sausage, Cornbread Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 1405: {instructions: Cooks Note: For a nonalcoholic version, substitute the port with 14 cup white grape juice mixed with 12 teaspoon vanilla extract.nIn a medium bowl, combine the berries with 1 tablespoon port and 1 tablespoon sugar. Allow to sit and macerate while you prepare the zabaione.nBring a small pot of water to a boil over medium heat. In a bowl that will fit over the top of the pot, beat the egg yolks with the remaining 14 cup sugar with an electric hand mixer until pale. Place the bowl over simmering water and, with the beater running slowly, drizzle in the remaining 3 tablespoons port. Continue to beat until the mixture becomes very thick and has doubled in volume, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat.nDivide half the berries among 4 serving glasses. Top each with a generous dollop of zabaione, garnish with the remaining berries and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pint blueberries, 12 pint raspberries, 14 cup port, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 large egg yolks], title: Berries with Italian Custard, picturelink: MhhB3hcO.7OZwMaXTPGOL7k2jfPIQi.}, 1406: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard size 12 cup muffin tin with foil cup liners spray with cooking spray.nIn a medium bowl, mix crushed cookies and 2 tablespoons of the melted butter until all crumbs are moist. Evenly divide into muffins tins. Press crumbs until firm. A shot glassnworks well. Bake for 5 minutes or until just set. Remove and evenly divide crystallized ginger on top of baked crust. Set aside to cool. Leave oven on.nMeanwhile, in a blender, put 13 cup mango, yogurt, 1 tablespoon honey, cardamom, and rum extract then process until smooth. In a medium bowl, beat the sugar and cream cheese at medium speed until creamy. Stir in mangoyogurt smoothie mixture lassi, then add the eggs and beat until smooth.nPour cheesecake batter into the baking cups, filling them 34 full. Refrigerate any leftover batter.nBake the cheesecakes for 15 minutes, or until they jiggle slightly in the center. Remove from the oven and transfer to the freezer for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, chop remaining 1 cup of mango to the size of raisins. In a medium saucepan, over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon of butter. Stir in cinnamon and curry powder and cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Add chopped mango, 2 tablespoons of honey, lime juice, raisins and a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil for 1 minute then reduce heat to low. Cook for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and cool until cheesecakes are ready.nOnce cheesecakes are cooled, remove the metal liners carefully. Serve 2 cheesecakes per plate. Garnish each cake with warm mangoraisin chutney and fresh mint on the side., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup finely crushed gingersnap cookies, 3 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, divided, 3 tablespoons finely chopped crystallized ginger, 1 13 cups peeled and chopped ripe mango, divided, 13 cup plain yogurt, 3 tablespoons orange blossom honey, divided, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon rum extract, 14 cup granulated sugar, 8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 2 large eggs, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon curry powder, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 14 cup golden raisins, Pinch salt, Fresh mint, optional], title: Gingersnap MangoLassi Cheesecake Minis, picturelink: null}, 1407: {instructions: In a saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add rice and 2 cups chicken stock. Cook for 16 to 18 minutes, stirring, adding more of the stock as needed. Add saffron to 12 cup of stock, dissolve and add to risotto when almost done.nPlate with Osso buco, sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and with chopped parsley., ingredients: [13 pound butter, 1 pound arborio rice, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 14 teaspoons saffron, Salt and pepper, to taste, ParmigianoReggiano, Parsley, for garnish], title: Gian Tonys Risotto for Osso Buco, picturelink: null}, 1408: {instructions: Preheat a broiler. Slice the steak into 14inch thick slices. Slice the cheese into 12 pieces. Set the rolls, cut sideup on a baking sheet and toast under the broiler. Set the tops of the rolls aside.nSlather the bottom halves of the rolls with half the mustard and top with the slices of steak, overlapping them slightly. Season with salt and pepper. Cover with 2 slices of cheese. Broil the openfaced sandwiches until the cheese is lightly browned and melted, about 1 minute.nTransfer the sandwiches to the work surface. Top each sandwich with an equal portion of the roasted shallots and about 34 cup of the watercress. Slather the tops of the rolls with the remaining mustard and cover the sandwiches. Slice the sandwiches in half crosswise. Serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, toss the shallots with the oil and salt, and season generously with pepper. Transfer to an aluminum foillined baking sheet and spread out in a single layer. Bake until the shallots skins are somewhat charred and crispy and the flesh is very tender, about 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool slightly.nUsing a knife, slice off the tips of the shallots the end opposite the root end and discard. Gently squeeze the shallots from their skins and season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve with roasted beef, chicken, or on steak sandwiches., ingredients: [112 pounds grilled mediumrare steak, preferably strip, Porterhouse, or hanger, 34 pound Saga blue cheese, 6 crusty rolls, such as Portuguese or country sourdough, split in half lengthwise, 13 cup Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, ROASTED SHALLOTS recipe follows, roughly chopped, 412 cups loosely packed watercress, washed and dried, 18 shallots about 1 34 pounds, unpeeled, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more to taste, Freshly ground black pepper], title: West 52nd Street Steak Sandwich, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 1409: {instructions: Set aside or prepare the stock and tomatoes.nChar peppers over flame burner or under a broiler until blackened all over. Place charred peppers in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap, cool to handle, seed and peel peppers and thinly slice.nSeason the chicken liberally with salt and pepper, heat a tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and brown a few minutes on each side, then remove to a plate. Add the remaining extravirgin olive oil and mushrooms, until browned. Add the onions and garlic, season with salt and pepper, stir occasionally for 8 to 10 minutes, then deglaze the pan with sherry or wine. Stir in the prepared tomatoes, peppers, and paprika. Cook for 10 minutes. Add the chicken and simmer 10 minutes more. Turn off the heat and cool the chicken, then cover and store for a makeahead meal.nCooks Note: Reheat over medium heat, covered, then simmer uncovered until ready to serve.nWhen the chicken is hot, bring the saffron and prepared stock to a boil. Whisk in the polenta and cook until it begins to pull away from the pot. Season with salt and stir in grated cheese.nServe the polenta in shallow bowls and top with Spanish Cacciatore, and garnish with parsley.nFor the stock:nPlace the cheese rind, herb bundle, onion, celery, carrots, lemon rind, bay leaves, chicken stock, and water into a pot and bring to a bubble, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Simmer at least 1 hour, and then remove the rind, herb bundle, and vegetables with a slotted spoon or strainer.nFor the tomatoes:nHeat the oven to 500 degrees F.nArrange the tomatoes on a baking sheet or baking sheets in a single layer. Scatter the garlic among the tomatoes, dress with extravirgin olive oil to coat and season with salt and pepper. Roast the tomatoes until they burst and skins split and begin to char, about 30 minutes. Cool the tomatoes until cool enough to handle and peel. Place the tomatoes in a bowl., ingredients: [3 cups Parmigiano and HerbFortified Stock, recipe follows, 6 Roasted Tomatoes, recipe follows, 2 large red bell peppers, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, trimmed of all fat and skin 8 to 10 pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound cremini mushrooms or 3 medium portabella caps, thinly sliced, 2 medium sweet onions, thinly sliced, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped or sliced, 14 cup dry sherry or 12 cup dry wine, white or red, 1 12 teaspoons smoked sweet paprika, A couple pinches saffron 20 to 24 threads, 1 cup quickcooking polenta, A handful freshly grated Manchego cheese, A handful fresh flat leaf parsley, chopped, 1 large rind trimmed from a hunk of ParmigianoReggiano cheese or a few small pieces rind perhaps savedup, Herb bundle of several sprigs each fresh thyme, parsley and rosemary, tied, 1 onion, quartered, 2 ribs celery, sliced on angle, 2 carrots, sliced on angle, Peeled rind of 1 lemon, 2 fresh bay leaves, 4 cups chicken stock, 12 cups 3 quarts water, 24 ripe organic vine tomatoes or large plum tomatoes, Several cloves garlic, crushed, Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling], title: Smoky Spanish Hunters Chicken, picturelink: U4r4.0dxX220SVsS1KSVtvKGLt4TFKO}, 1410: {instructions: Combine the Lillet, creme de cacao, rum, orange liqueur and heavy cream in a cocktail shaker with ice shake vigorously for at least 20 seconds. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Dust with cocoa powder. Photograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [12 ounce Lillet Blanc, 1 ounce creme de cacao, 12 ounce rum preferably Barbancourt, 14 ounce orange liqueur preferably Cointreau, 1 ounce heavy cream, Cocoa powder, for dusting], title: Batum Chocolatta, picturelink: SiSQ7fmQEoRGknNNIOPWjAQJ1Erene}, 1411: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.n2. Prepare chicken by removing giblets and excess fat from cavity.n3. Dry thoroughly with paper towel.n4. Tuck the wing tips under the body.n5. Sprinkle cavity with Mrs. Dashu00ae Garlic  Herb.n6. Lift skin from the breast by placing your hand under skin and breast and gently lifting skin.n7. Sprinkle breast meat with Mrs. Dashu00ae Chicken Grilling Blend.n8. Place skin gently on top of seasoning.n9. Place onion slices on bottom of a heavy duty roasting pan. Place chicken on top of onion slices and pour orange juice over skin.n10. Place chicken in oven and roast until skin is a deep golden brown and crisp and the juices run clear, about 1 12 to 1 34 hours.n11. Remove chicken from oven and transfer to cutting board.n12. Skim off fat in roasting pan.n13. Add chicken stock and stir to remove any browned bits from the bottom of the pan.n14. Cook until liquid is reduced and thickened.n15. Press onions to extract any juices and strain gravy.n16. Carve chicken and serve with sauce., ingredients: [2 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Chicken Grilling Blend, 2 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Garlic  Herb Seasoning Blend, 5 lb roasting chicken, 12 cup orange juice, 2 medium onions sliced crosswise 12 inch thick, 1 cup low sodium chicken stock], title: Roast Chicken, picturelink: hPTK28V3evFMJszc.mKs9hFVqacj36}, 1412: {instructions: Bring water, crab boil, lemon, celery and liquid smoke to a boil. Simmer for five minutes and add shrimp. Return mixture to a boil and simmer shrimp until opaque, approximately 45 minutes. Immediately remove pan from the stove and leave the shrimp in the water for 5 minutes to absorb more flavor. Drain, cool slightly. Make dipping sauce and serve with shrimp.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl and whisk to combine well. Chill if not using immediately., ingredients: [2 pound jumbo shrimp, with shell on, 2 tablespoon crab boil or cajun spice, water to cover shrimp, 1 lemon, thinly sliced, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 teaspoon liquid smoke, Texas Tequila Mayo Dip, recipe follows, 112 cups mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons tequila, optional, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, kosher salt, freshly ground cracked black pepper], title: Tailgate PeelandEat Shrimp with Texas TequilaMayo Dip, picturelink: null}, 1413: {instructions: When cool enough to handle, peel and mash or rice the potatoes. Beat in all the remaining ingredients. Shape into 1 or 2inch balls. Drop into just boiling, salted water and cook for 7 to 10 minutes. Drain. Serve with sauerbraten., ingredients: [6 mediumsize potatoes, boiled in their skins, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 23 cup sifted flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 12 teaspoon nutmeg optional], title: Potato Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 1414: {instructions: In a strainer, squeeze out excess liquid from the cucumbers. Mix with sour cream, herbs, and salt and pepper to taste. Refrigerate until ready to use.nVariations: Substitute 1 pint goodquality whole milk plain yogurt for one pint of the sour cream. Omit herbs and add one clove minced garlic and approximately1tablespoon cumin, to taste. Or add 4 or 5 finely minced scallions, greens included. One to 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard can be added to either combination., ingredients: [2 large cucumbers, peeled, seeded and finely grated, 2 pints sour cream, 12 cups chopped herbs parsley, chives, tarragon, mint, dill, etc., or combination, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cucumber Sour Cream Dip, picturelink: null}, 1415: {instructions: Fill a rocks glass with ice. Pour in the vodka, coffee liqueur and horchata. Serve., ingredients: [1 ounce vodka, 1 ounce Mexican coffee liqueur, 1 ounce horchata], title: White Falcon, picturelink: OBxCYacS85I0QzjkPNG9ygH6aADKuy}, 1416: {instructions: Heat a griddle pan over medium heat. Cut 4 thick slices of cinnamon raisin bread. Butter both sides of the bread slices with softened butter. Grill bread until brown and crispy on both sides, 2 minutes on each side.nWhile bread grills, in a small saucepot, heat sweetened condensed milk or reduced fat sweetened condensed milk over medium low heat for 4 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in brandy.nCut each grilled slice of bread into quarters and pile into 4 dessert cups. Top bread with a few spoonfuls of hard sauce of sweetened condensed milk and brandy and a generous swirl of whipped cream. Garnish cream with a sprinkle of nutmeg and serve., ingredients: [1 can sweetened condensed or reduced fat sweetened condensed milk, 2 jiggers brandy, Whipped cream in spray top canister from your dairy aisle, Ground or grated nutmeg, for garnish, 1 loaf store bought frosted or unfrosted cinnamon raisin bread, unsliced, 12 stick butter, softened], title: 5 Minute Bread Pudding, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 1417: {instructions: Heat a small nonstick skillet over low heat and add butter. As soon as the butter stops foaming, crack the eggs into the pan. Lift the handle about an inch so that the eggs pool in the far corner of the pan. Hold for 30 seconds or until the whites start to set, then lower the handle and give the pan a jiggle just to make sure theres no sticking. Season with a pinch of salt and pepper and continue to cook over low heat until the whites become opaque. Jiggle to loosen the eggs, then lift the pan, holding it about a foot above the heat. Now, flip the eggs over by pushing the pan away and snapping upward simultaneously. Once the eggs start their somersault, raise the pan to meet them so that the exposed yolks experience the softest landing possible. The goal of course is to avoid breaking the yolks. If you succeed, count to 10 slowly then flip the eggs again, slide them onto a plate and serve. If the yolks do break, act like you meant them to, fry for another minute and serve. Theyll still taste great., ingredients: [2 eggs the fresher the better, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Salt and pepper], title: Eggs Over Easy, picturelink: L8KVOK7.4Ubvj2TO3LJvPIhCmWdp4Um}, 1418: {instructions: These crunchy Vietnamesestyle rolls are healthy and light, and the addition of rice makes them filling. Theyre glutenfree, but anyone  even adults  will love them.nWhisk 14 cup rice vinegar with 2 teaspoons sugar in a medium bowl until sugar dissolves. Add chicken and carrot, season with salt to taste, set aside.nFill a large bowl with warm water. Working with 2 sheets of rice paper at a time keep others covered with a barely damp cloth to prevent curling, immerse papers in the warm water until slightly softened about 15 seconds. Remove and spread out on a clean surface or cutting board. Pat dry with a towel to remove excess water. Lay 2 pieces of lettuce over the bottom third of the rice paper, leaving about 12inch clear on edges. Place about 13 cup chicken and carrot mixture on the lettuce, top with 4 to 5 pieces cucumber, scallion, several mint leaves and about 1 heaping tablespoon of rice. Roll up the paper halfway into a cylinder. Fold both edges in to tuck while continuing to roll the paper to seal. Place the rolls on a plate covered with a damp towel so they stay moist as you prepare the remaining rolls. Cut rolls in half and wrap in plastic wrap or place in an airtight container.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the peanut butter with the remaining 1 to 2 tablespoon rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce and water until smooth. Put sauce in sealed containers.nTuck rolls and sauce into a lunch sack with a cold pack and send off to school., ingredients: [14 cup rice vinegar, plus 1 to 2 tablespoons, 1 tablespoon sugar, divided, 2 cups shredded, cooked chicken from a rotisserie or other leftover chicken, 1 mediumlarge carrot, shredded about 1 cup, 12 8 12inch rice paper wrappers See Cooks note, 13 English cucumber or 1 kirby cucumber, peeled, julienned, about 1 cup, 4 scallions white and green parts finely chopped about 12 cup, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, basil or cilantro, About 12 Boston lettuce leaves, 12 cup cooked brown or white rice, 12 cup chunky peanut butter, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 tablespoons water], title: Chicken Summer Rolls, picturelink: HymUhvAk6nduvzoWYue8FTX6JHXMHC}, 1419: {instructions: Mix all dry ingredients together in a bowl with a whisk. In a mixer or by hand, in a separate bowl whip egg whites to soft peaks. Add 12 cup of sugar to egg whites and mix until stiff peaks form.nIn another bowl whisk yolks, vanilla extract and 1 cup of sugar to a ribbon stage. Add a small amount of dry ingredients to the yolk mixture and alternate with a little of egg whites. Using a rubber spatula, continue folding until all ingredients are combined.nBake at 375 degrees F on a greased half sheet tray or a cookie sheet lined with parchment and grease again. Bake approximately 12 to 14 minutes or until springy and toothpick is almost dry. Do not overbake.nIn a blender combine above ingredients for approximately 1 minute or until smooth.nReserve as fillingnOver a double boiler melt white chocolate. Add water and mix until no lumps remain.nRoughly chop berries and add to sauce. ReservenWhip egg yolks, sugar and vanilla until lightly fluffy. Cut chocolate into small pieces, place in sauce pan and add the cream. Heat to approximately 150 degrees F stirring constantly. Stir hot cream mixture into the egg yolks and continue stirring for 1 minute to assure that sugar is melted. Keep warm and ready for glazing.nMelt over a double boiler and place into a piping bag or a parchment cone. On a separate sheet of parchment paper pipe out wings freehand or draw with a stencil to trace. Place in freezer so they set up. Reserve for garnish.nTO ASSEMBLE CAKEnTake cake and cut into two triangles then cut each in half laterally. On bottom half, ladle berry filling and evenly distribute. Then apply white chocolate berry sauce. You can at this point add fresh berry slices if desired.nPlace top half back on top then place cake on a wire rack for glazing.nUsing warm ganache ladle glaze on top of cake and allow to run down sides. If ganache is thin add another coat.nPlace in refrigerator until glaze is solid. Take a whisk and splatter white chocolate sauce on top and decorate with more berries. With wings, they can garnish entire cake or you can use smaller wings to garnish each individual serving., ingredients: [14 cup cocoa powder, 1 12 cups cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 eggs separated, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 pints of fresh berries, 14 cup granulated sugar, 18 cup water, 12 pound white chocolate, 12 cup water, 5 berries of choice, 4 egg yolks, 4 ounces granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pound, 12 ounces dark chocolate, 12 quart heavy cream, 4 ounces of dark chocolate can use bakers chocolate], title: Fallen Angel Cake, picturelink: null}, 1420: {instructions: Fold salad ingredients together in a mixing bowl. Spoon into serving dishes and garnish with mint., ingredients: [12 fresh pineapple, peeled, cored, and medium diced, 12 pound white seedless grapes, 1 pint strawberries, cleaned and halved, 1 pint blueberries, washed, 12 honeydew melon, seeds removed, peeled and medium diced, 12 cantaloupe, seeds removed, peeled and medium diced, 6 springs fresh mint, for garnish], title: Championship Cup of Fruit, picturelink: 9Y3pF2kNs7yYraVNRFGQiwwZXe1Cmcm}, 1421: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan, cover the squash with cold water, bring to a boil and simmer until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and place back into empty hot saucepan to dry the squash. It is very important to drain well. Mash with a potato masher and drain again if necessary.nSift the flour, baking powder and ginger into a large bowl. Rub the butter into the flour mixture until the mixture resembles bread crumbs. Add in the sugar, mashed squash and 2 tablespoons of milk. Combine gently with a wooden spoon. Add more milk only if necessary to make a soft dough. Turn it out onto floured board and press down lightly to a thickness of about 1inch. Using a large scone or biscuit cutter, flour the cutter and cut out the scones and place on a lightly greased baking tray.nUsing a sieve, dust scones with flour. Bake for about 12 to 15 minutes or until wellrisen and golden brown., ingredients: [8 ounces butternut squash, peeled, cut into cubes, 8 ounces selfrising flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 heaping teaspoon ground ginger, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 2 ounces caster sugar, 2 to 3 tablespoons whole milk], title: Squash Scones, picturelink: null}, 1422: {instructions: Wet the rim of a martini glass and dip it in finely ground mixed peppercorns. Brew a small pot of strong hibiscus tea it should be a deep reddish brown sweeten heavily with sugar to make a syrup. In a cocktail shaker, combine 1 part syrup, 2 parts whiskey or bourbon, the juice of 12 orange and some ice. Shake well strain into the martini glass.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: Dark Night Cocktail, picturelink: eIgPwTkYuNoxqrcwNG1tEo3Esv.8N7G}, 1423: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large heavybottomed pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the onion and cook for 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Stir in the lemon zest, lemon juice, ketchup, tomato juice, brown sugar, molasses, Worcestershire sauce, chili powder, vinegar, chipotle puree, salt and 3 cups water and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring frequently., ingredients: [14 pound butter, 34 cup minced onion, 12 cup minced garlic, 2 lemons, zested, 5 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 4 14 cups ketchup, 1 cup tomato juice, 34 cup light brown sugar, 6 tablespoons molasses, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup chili powder, 4 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons chipotle puree, Pinch kosher salt], title: Townline BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1424: {instructions: Combine 2 cups grapefruit juice, 14 cup sugar and 12 jalapeno with seeds in a medium skillet cook over mediumhigh heat until syrupy, about 10 minutes. Let cool, then strain. Add seltzer.nFor each drink, combine 2 to 4 tablespoons flavored syrup with 1 cup cold seltzer in an icefilled glass.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: GrapefruitJalapeno Soda, picturelink: KbKhZaeeEotoRwU4tfAZkrBJya17Lu}, 1425: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Put the oven rack in the middle of the oven.nUsing a sharp knife or poultry scissors, cut through bones on either side of backbone. Remove and backbone save for soup stock. Place chicken breast side up on cutting board. Flatten chicken by placing the heel of your hand over the breastbone and pressing down firmly. Season chicken generously on all sides with salt and pepper. Refrigerate overnight or let stand at least 1 hour in the refrigerator.nRoast chicken, rotating once, for 20 minutes, reduce heat to 325 degrees F and cook 15 minutes more or until an instant read thermometer inserted in thickest part of thigh reads 160 degrees F, or until juices run clear.nWhile chicken is roasting make the lemon sauce. Whisk together lemon juice, olive oil, red wine vinegar, garlic, and oregano. Season with salt and pepper.nRemove the chicken from the oven and place on a cutting board. Cut chicken into pieces. Pour the fat off the broiler pan, leaving the solids. Add chicken back to pan. Pour lemon sauce over the chicken and place the pan back in oven and cook for 5 minutes. Garnish with parsley. Serve over rice.nMorph: Chicken wraps, chicken tacos, chicken salad, chicken sandwich..., ingredients: [1 3 12 to 4pound chicken, giblets and cavity fat removed, Coarse grained salt and cracked black pepper, 1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice see note, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Split Roasted Chicken with Lemon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1426: {instructions: Special equipment: A candy thermometer and a piping bag with a 14inch round tipnFor the pistachio cream filling: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nSpread the pistachios onto a baking sheet and toast for 15 minutes. Let cool.nPlace the granulated sugar and 1 tablespoon water in a saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat brush down the sides with water to avoid any clinging granules of sugar and prevent crystallization. Cook the syrup until it reaches 250 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Add the toasted pistachios to the hot syrup and stir until the nuts are well coated. When all the sugar coats the pistachios and any remaining syrup turns powdery white, pour the nuts onto a baking sheet to cool.nOnce cooled, place the pistachios in the bowl of a food processor with the almond flour. Blend until the nuts resemble a coarse meal, approximately 1 minute. Slowly drizzle in the oil while continuing to blend the mixture. Add the butter, almond paste, almond extract and 3 tablespoons water. Keep mixing until mixture is a smooth paste, approximately 3 minutes.nFor the macarons: Mix the powdered sugar, almond flour and salt in a bowl using a whisk set aside. In a separate bowl using a hand mixer, mix the granulated sugar, vanilla, food coloring and egg whites. Whip until the batter has firm shiny peaks. Take onethird of the wet mixture and fold into the dry ingredients. Gradually fold in the remaining batter. Once the dry ingredients have been absorbed, run a rubber spatula over the mixture to create a shine. This process is called macaroning and is key to the overall recipe.nLine 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper. Transfer the batter to a piping bag with a 14inch round tip. Pipe the mixture in 1inch rounds onto the cookie sheets. Its important to create a consistent size for each cookie. Let stand for 30 minutes to create a thin crust on the outside.nAdjust the oven racks: Put one in the lower third of the oven and a second in the upper third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Bake until the macarons puff and rise to form feet and are crisp, 17 to 20 minutes. Let cool completely on the cookie sheets before filling.nPut about 1 teaspoon of pistachio cream filling between 2 cookies to create the finished macarons., ingredients: [12 cup raw pistachios, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons almond flour, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 14 cup 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup almond paste see Cooks Note, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 1 14 cups powdered sugar, 23 cup almond flour, Pinch fine salt, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 5 drops green food coloring, 2 egg whites], title: Pistachio Macarons, picturelink: null}, 1427: {instructions: Combine 6 cups of water, the beans, barley, Italian seasoning, sundried tomatoes, garlic, carrots, celery, leeks, tomatoes, 2 12 teaspoons salt and some pepper in a slow cooker insert. Cook on low for 8 hours. When ready to serve, stir in the spinach until it wilts. If the soup looks too thick, add a little more water. Divide evenly among six bowls.nGarnish each bowl with 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan, basil, olive oil and a pinch of crushed red pepper. Drizzle some balsamic vinegar or lemon juice over the top., ingredients: [1 cup dried multibean mix, picked through and rinsed, 12 cup pearled barley, 12 teaspoon Italian seasoning blend, 6 sundried tomatoes, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 medium carrots, diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, 1 leek, light green and white parts rinsed and sliced, One 14ounce can nosaltadded diced tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups baby spinach, 14 cup grated Parmesan, for garnish, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, for garnish, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, for garnish, Crushed red pepper, for garnish, Balsamic vinegar or lemon juice, for serving], title: Slow Cooker Bean and Barley Soup, picturelink: null}, 1428: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the shallot and saffron and cook, stirring occasionally, until the shallot is softened, about 2 minutes. Add the cream, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste increase the heat to medium high and simmer until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice and vanilla.nAdd the pasta to the boiling water and cook as the label directs. Remove 14 cup cooking water, then drain the pasta and transfer to the skillet with the sauce. Add the reserved cooking water, the parmesan and half of the chives and toss to coat. Serve topped with the lemon zest, remaining chives and more cheese.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 small shallot, minced, Pinch of saffron threads, 23 cup heavy cream, Freshly ground pepper, 14 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 ounces dried pappardelle pasta, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh chives, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest], title: Pappardelle in Saffron Cream, picturelink: PkBP3F2wz2sPEuy72awFWfulsv74nG.}, 1429: {instructions: Drizzle syrup into a tall glass. Add a scoop each of vanilla and chocolate ice creams. Top with stout and serve immediately, to adults onlynBring sugar and stout to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer until thick, about 5 minutes. Let cool before using., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Stout Syrup, recipe follows, or more to taste, 1 scoop vanilla ice cream, 1 scoop chocolate ice cream, 1 12ounce bottle stout recommended: Guinness, 1 cup sugar, 1 12ounce bottle stout recommended: Guinness], title: Stout Float, picturelink: null}, 1430: {instructions: In a bowl combine first four, rub ingredients. In a blender, blend all vinaigrette ingredients.nSprinkle 1ounce of rub on the two sides of steak. Rub the mix into the meat. Let meat sit for 30 minutes. Grill or saute on high heat for 7 minutes, and turn on other side for another 7 minutes. Turn on first side and cook 4 minutes and repeat on other side. Allow to rest for ten minutes.nPlace watercress and totsoi on plate, add tomatoes, alternating colors. Slice beef and place on plate. Garnish with beets and beans. Drizzle with dressing around salad., ingredients: [5 ounces Kosher salt, 5 ounces brown sugar, 2 ounces chipotle powder, 1ounce black pepper, 5 tomatoes seeded, smoked or baked, 2 cloves roasted garlic, 12 teaspoon minced tarragon, 13 cup balsamic vinegar, Salt and pepper, 1 28ounce cowboy steak with T bone, 13 pound watercress, trimmed and washed, 13 pound totsoi, washed, 3 big beautiful ripe red tomatoes, sliced 12inch thick, 3 candy cane beets, peeled, baked, julienne and cooled, 13 pound haricots verts, picked, blanched and cooled], title: Frontier Buffalo Cowboy Steak on Watercress and Totsoi Salad with Candy Cane Beets, Baby Beans, Tomatoes and Smoked Tomato Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 1431: {instructions: Combine the sugar, butter and salt in a medium saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until dark amber, about 20 minutes.nRemove the pan from the heat and carefully pour in the cream and vanilla it will bubble up. Set the saucepan over low heat and continue cooking, whisking, until smooth and the bubbling subsides, 2 to 4 more minutes. Remove from the heat and pour into a large glass measuring cup or bowl so the caramel is about 2 inches deep. Set aside, stirring occasionally, until cooled slightly and thick enough to coat a spoon, 12 to 15 minutes.nLine a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper and coat with cooking spray. Insert a wooden stick into the center of each apple, about onethird of the way down. Holding an apple by the stick, dip it into the caramel and roll around to cover. Gently twirl the apple over the measuring cup, letting the excess caramel drip off, then turn it upside down and hold about 30 seconds to help set the caramel place on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining apples. Let set 15 minutes.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup heavy cream, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Cooking spray, 4 apples the caramel will stick best to organicunsprayed apples], title: Caramel Apples, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 1432: {instructions: For the chicken: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat with the oil allow the skillet to warm. During this time, sprinkle both sides of the chicken with the seasoning. Add the chicken to the heated oil, skin side first. Allow the chicken to sear on the skin side for 3 to 4 minutes, then reduce the heat to medium and continue to cook for 2 minutes. Flip and repeat the process for 4 to 5 minutes, then finish the chicken in the oven until it reaches 160 degrees F internally. Once cooked, remove the chicken from skillet and allow to rest. Then add the butter and stir into the pan sauce.nFor the relish: Over medium heat, warm a saute pan and the oil. Then add the onions and potatoes, cooking for 2 minutes. Next, add the vinegar and lemon juice, then cook to reduce the liquid for 1 minute. After reducing, add the strawberries, avocado, tomatoes, salt and pepper, and cook for final 1 minute. Remove and portion to platter or plates. Place the chicken atop the relish to serve and finish with butter sauce., ingredients: [14 cup grapeseed oil, Four to six 8ounce chicken breasts, skin on, 1 tablespoon Cajun spice, 4 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 14 cup diced red onion, 13 cup small diced, blanched potatoes, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 cup strawberries, quartered, 12 cup avocado, medium diced, 12 cup grape tomatoes, quartered, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper], title: Pan Seared Chicken, Strawberry Avocado Relish, picturelink: zpsmMUnp0k1dCCzVRSi0XDyGXL3AJSO}, 1433: {instructions: Bring broth and butter to a simmer in a deep large heavy skillet. Arrange bok choy evenly in skillet and simmer, covered, until tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer bok choy with tongs to a serving dish and keep warm, covered. Boil broth mixture until reduced to about 12 cup, then stir in sesame oil and pepper to taste. Pour mixture over bok choy., ingredients: [2 cups chicken broth, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 pounds baby bok choy, trimmed, 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil, Pepper, to taste], title: Braised Baby Bok Choy, picturelink: null}, 1434: {instructions: Brush each slice of bread with oil and place on a baking sheet. Place under the broiler until just golden. Add a slice of tomato and sprinkle with mozzarella and basil broil until it begins to turn brown., ingredients: [1 loaf Italian bread, sliced 12inch thick, Olive oil, 12 Roma tomatoes, sliced 116inch thick, Grated mozzarella, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh basil], title: Tomato Bread, picturelink: null}, 1435: {instructions: Place rice and chicken stock in microwave proof dish or 4 cup glass measuring cup. Microwave on high, uncovered for 15 minutes. Add broccoli, toss to combine. Loosely cover with plastic wrap. Cook on high for 3 minutes more. Stir in cheese. Place in serving dish. Season with soy sauce to taste., ingredients: [14 cup long grain rice, 1 cup low sodium, fat free chicken stock, 1 cup broccoli florets, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan, Soy sauce], title: Rice with Broccoli and Parmesan Cheese, picturelink: null}, 1436: {instructions: Thread a marshmallow onto a stick or skewer and toast it over an open flame. Sandwich the cooked marshmallow with a piece of chocolate between 2 crackers., ingredients: [1 marshmallow, 2 Graham crackers, Milk chocolate with raisin and nut or dark chocolate with raspberry], title: Smores, picturelink: b1dhku6mRAMNSAhGw.anCHUedHKwFm}, 1437: {instructions: Pour 1inch vegetable oil into a large, deep skillet. Place over mediumhigh heat and heat to 350 degrees F.nPrepare the tempura batter according to package instructions. Dip the asparagus in the batter, place in the skillet and fry until golden and crispy, about 2 minutes. Fry in batches.nIn a bowl, combine the soy sauce, mirin, ginger, lemon juice and scallions. Serve the asparagus with the dipping sauce on the side., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 large box tempura batter mix, 3 large bunches asparagus, tough ends trimmed off, 34 cup soy sauce, 13 cup mirin, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Tempura Asparagus, picturelink: F8DvNnfC07jg7tdBsxfN9FaPlTx75f2}, 1438: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nScore the pork belly several times on fatty side. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCoat a large Dutch oven, over medium heat, with oil. Add the pork belly, 1 piece at a time, scored side down, to the pot. Sear slowly to render the fat on all sides for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from pan and set aside. Drain off the excess fat leaving 3 to 4 tablespoons and add the garlic. Brown the garlic, then add the onions and cook until slightly colored, about 2 to 3 minutes.nStir in the brown sugar and balsamic and cook until syrupy, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the Dijon and whisk until smooth. Stir in the rosemary, mushrooms, peppers and broths and bring to a boil. Return the pork belly to the pan, cover and put in the oven. Braise until fork tender, about 1 12 to 2 hours. Remove from oven and transfer the pork belly to a platter.nPesto mayo:nMix all the ingredients with a whisk in a small bowl and set aside.nTo assemble sandwiches:nSpread pesto mayonnaise liberally on each side of the toasted rolls. Put a piece of pork belly and several slices of smoked mozzarella on the bottom halves. Arrange the bottom halves of assembled sandwich on a sheet pan and put back in the oven until cheese melts and browns, about 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the oven, cover with the roll tops and serve., ingredients: [4 8ounce square portions pork belly, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Grapeseed oil, to coat bottom of pan, 4 whole cloves garlic, 1 onion, diced, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 sprig rosemary, 14 cup dry portobello mushrooms, 2 Scotch bonnet peppers or jalapenos, optional, 2 cups beef broth, 2 cups chicken broth, 4 small ciabatta rolls, split and toasted, 8 ounces smoked mozzarella, sliced, 12 cup prepared pesto, 12 cup mayonnaise, Dash lemon juice, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: Braised Pork Belly Sandwich with Pesto Mayo, picturelink: Vlw.L2JmihTX3KhJtoZJdrJRLV.sQi}, 1439: {instructions: For the steak and marinade: Combine the soy sauce, sherry, brown sugar and garlic in a resealable plastic bag. Mix together, place the steak in the bag and seal. Marinate for 5 minutes or up to 2 hours if you have time.nFor the salad dressing: Combine the olive oil, soy sauce, ginger, lime juice, granulated sugar, garlic and jalapenos in a small bowl.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. When hot, brush it with the olive oil. Remove the steak from the marinade, letting any excess drain off, and cook to medium rare on the grill pan, about 1 12 minutes per side. Transfer the steak to a plate, allowing it to cool slightly.nFor the salad: In a bowl, toss the salad greens, tomatoes and half of the green onions with about threequarters of the salad dressing.nPlace the steak on a cutting board and slice thinly, then pour the juices from the plate over the top of the steak. Mound the tossed salad on a serving plate, then arrange the sliced steak on top. Pour the remaining salad dressing over the top. Sprinkle the remaining green onions over the salad and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sherry, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 rib eye, strip or sirloin steak, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 2 cloves garlic, finely diced, 12 jalapeno, seeded and diced, 8 ounces salad greens baby lettuce, endive, radicchio, etc., 1 cup cherry tomatoes, 2 green onions, sliced], title: Ginger Steak Salad, picturelink: eITHn1yUU3UmzhXRwUOrbIDy9Mc8zIm}, 1440: {instructions: Combine berries. Sugar berries. Let stand up to 30 minutes. Serve with sliced angel food cake and whipped cream., ingredients: [1 pint blueberries, 1 pint raspberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 angel food cake, store bought, 1 container whipped cream, canister, Fold 3 paper towels into a 1 12inch by 1 12inch square and place one into each of the paper cups to support the cupcake paper. Place a cupcake paper in each paper cup on top of the paper towel.], title: Angel Food Cake with Berries and Whipped Cream, picturelink: M6iFQAkkU2IApwCaeVCky3cJUEZGRy}, 1441: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToast the coriander, turmeric, cumin seeds, fennel seeds and cayenne in a dry skillet over high heat until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour the oil into a large mixing bowl, and then add the toasted spices. Add the ginger, cauliflower, chickpeas and onions, and toss to coat everything evenly. Place on a sheet tray and season with salt and pepper. Roast in the oven until browned and the cauliflower is tender, 30 to 35 minutes. Serve with cilantro sprigs and finish with a squeeze of the fresh lime juice., ingredients: [1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets, One 19ounce can chickpeas, drained, 12 sweet onion, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Fresh cilantro sprigs, for garnish, Juice of 12 lime], title: Roasted Cauliflower and Chickpeas, picturelink: QqVNBMEFyeHhMK1PTRuVDBiEbDTlbZ6}, 1442: {instructions: In a 6quart kettle bring 4 quarts salted water to a boil for spaghetti. Peel and seed 1 cucumber and shred on large holes of grater. Squeeze shredded cucumber in a clean kitchen towel to remove excess liquid. Seed and dice remaining half cucumber. Chop garlic and mash to a paste with salt. In a large bowl stir together shredded and diced cucumber, garlic paste, yogurt, buttermilk, all but 1 tablespoon dill, and salt and pepper to taste.nHalve or quarter tomatoes and cut olives into thin slices. In a bowl stir together tomatoes, olives, and remaining tablespoon dill and season with salt and pepper.nCook spaghetti in boiling water until al dente and drain in a colander. Rinse spaghetti under cold water to stop cooking and drain well. Add spaghetti to yogurt mixture and toss to coat.nServe spaghetti topped with tomato mixture., ingredients: [12 pound spaghetti, 1 12 cucumbers, 1 large garlic clove, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 12 cup wellshaken buttermilk, 14 cup fresh dill sprigs, chopped, 34 pound vineripened cherry tomatoes, 12 cup Kalamata or other brinecured black olives, pitted], title: Spaghetti and Tomato Salad with Dill Yogurt Dressing, picturelink: null}, 1443: {instructions: Put 2 cups milk, both citrus zests, vanilla bean, and beans in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Meanwhile, whisk the egg yolks and 12 cup sugar in a bowl until lightened in color.nGradually whisk the hot milk into the eggs. Return the egg mixture to the pan and set over medium heat. Stir constantly with a wooden spoon in a figure 8 motion until the custard thickens slightly and coats the back of the spoon, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and immediately stir in the remaining cup milk to stop the cooking. Remove the vanilla bean pod and zest strips discard. Transfer custard to a large bowl cool to room temperature. To speed this up, set the bowl in a larger bowl of ice.nPut about 1 inch water in a saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Put the egg whites and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar in a heatproof bowl large enough to rest in the saucepan without touching the water. Set the bowl over the simmering water and beat until the sugar dissolves and the egg whites feel warm to the touch, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat and beat the whites with an electric mixer until they hold soft peaks, about 3 minutes. Fold the egg whites into custard mixture. Add the rum and bourbon, if using, cover, and refrigerate until ready to serve.nTransfer the eggnog to a punch bowl or pitcher. Pour into small cups and top with freshly grated nutmeg and citrus zest., ingredients: [3 cups milk, 2 large strips lemon zest, 1 large strip orange zest, 1 vanilla bean, split and vanilla beans scraped loose, 4 large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 egg whites, 23 cup white rum, 2 to 3 tablespoons bourbon, optional, Freshly grated nutmeg, for serving, Finely grated orange andor lemon zest, for serving], title: RumKissed Eggnog, picturelink: null}, 1444: {instructions: In a heated frying pan, over medium heat, add the olive oil, garlic, and onion. Lightly fry for 2 or 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms, chilies and white wine, cook for 2 minutes. Add the Worcestershire sauce and cook for 3 minutes. Season with salt, add the mozzarella, and serve with soft tortilla shell., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 ounces finely chopped garlic, 3 12 ounces chopped white onion, 1 34 pounds mushrooms, cleaned and disinfected, 3 ounce guajillo chile pepper, deveined and cut into strips, 7 tablespoons white wine, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Pinch salt, 7 ounces mozzarella, optional], title: Mushrooms in Garlic Sauce, Served in a Soft Tortilla Shell, picturelink: null}, 1445: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large serving bowl, whisk together vinegar, lime juice, salt and pepper to taste. Slowly whisk in oil. Toss in mangoes, avocado and red onion to coat. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 mangos, cubed, 2 avocados, cubed, 12 small red onion, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mango and Avocado Salad, picturelink: 5I8Vcb37M5FSVu32uoq7BQaP.nU2MD6}, 1446: {instructions: In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat.nAdd KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated.nUsing buttered spatula or wax paper evenly press mixture into 13 x 9 x 2inch pan coated with cooking spray. Cool slightly. Using cookie cutters coated with cooking spray cut into stocking shapes. Cut a small slit in top of each stocking. Insert candy into slit. Decorate with frosting andor additional candies. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS: In microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Continue with recipe as directed above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 package 10 oz., about 40 regular marshmallows,  OR , 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 6 cups KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, Canned frosting or decorating gel, Assorted candies], title: Stuffed Stocking Treats TM, picturelink: PR7DOLwCBB3iiDzDr3A95ch3fKii9ke}, 1447: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray 2 8 or 9inch round cake pans with butter flavored cooking spray set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine cake mix, mashed sweet potatoes, eggs, coconut extract, evaporated milk, and oil. Use an electric mixer to beat on low speed for 30 seconds. Scrape down sides of bowl and beat for 2 minutes on medium speed.nDivide batter between prepared cake pans. Bake in preheated oven for 45 to 55 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in middle of cakes comes out clean. Let cakes cool in pan for 10 minutes. Invert onto a wire cooling rack to cool completely.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine frosting and rum extract set aside.nPlace 1 of the cooled cake layers on serving plate. Cut a triangle from the bottom corner of a small ziptop bag. Spoon 14 cup of frosting into bag and secure top with 1 hand. Use other hand to guide bag and squeeze a thick border of frosting around the edge of the cake layer. Spoon cranberry sauce in the center of frosting border.nCarefully place the other cake layer on top. Frost cake with remaining frosting. Sprinkle with coconut and gently pat to adhere to frosting. Slice and serve., ingredients: [Butter flavored cooking spray recommended: Mazola Pure, 1 18.25ounce box spice cake mix, 2 cups leftover mashed candied sweet potatoes or yams, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 1 14 cups evaporated milk, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 12ounce cans whipped cream cheese frosting, 1 12 teaspoons rum extract, 34 cup leftover cranberry sauce, drained if necessary, 2 12 cups shredded coconut], title: Sweet Potato Cake with Coconut Frosting, picturelink: UrZkeQxNPb3KxtU4Zh5NOg.7ndlmYiy}, 1448: {instructions: Special equipment: home smokernFor the polenta: Brush an 8inch square baking pan with olive oil or butter. In a mediumsized, heavybottomed pot bring 1 cup milk and 2 cups water to a boil, then sprinkle in the cornmeal whisking constantly. Keep whisking or stirring until mixture boils and thickens, then reduce heat and simmer for about 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add 12 cup of water if polenta gets too thick. Stir in the salt, softened butter, and herbs, then pour into baking pan and try to smooth into an even layer about 14 to 12inch thick. Let cool. For the vegetables: Alternate layers of vegetables on top of polenta, pressing down firmly on each layer, and ending with red peppers and cheese. Cover with foil and bake at 350 degrees for about 20 minutes. Cut into squares and serve with smoked tomato vinaigrette.nFor the Smoked Tomato Vinaigrette: Place wine, shallots, and vinegar in a sauce pan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until liquid is reduced to 12 cup. Core and quarter the tomatoes. Puree in blender, then strain puree into the pot. Bring to a boil and simmer until about 12 cup of liquid remains. Whisk in olive oils and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 2 to 2 12 cups water, 1 cup polenta or stoneground cornmeal, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons butter, Optional: chopped fresh herbs, such as basil, rosemary, or sage, 2 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded, and cut into strips, 1 cup whole, peeled garlic cloves, roasted in 14 cup olive oil and 14 cup white wine, 1 large eggplant about 2 cups, peeled and cut into 12inch dice and browned in olive oil, 12 pound domestic or wild mushrooms, sliced and sauteed, 2 cans artichokes, drained, sliced, and sauteed or use fresh artichokes, 2 zucchini, sliced lengthwise into 18inch thick ribbons and wilted in olive oil, 1 bag or bunch fresh spinach, washed, stemmed, and wilted, 1 cup of Parmesan or Fontina cheese, 1 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons finely chopped onion or shallots, 14 cup red or white wine vinegar, 2 medium tomatoes smoked for 10 to 15 minutes on a home smoker, 12 cup each pure and extra virgin olive oil], title: Vegetable Gratin with Polenta and Smoked Tomato Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 1449: {instructions: Make an icewater bath.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add both kinds of beans, reduce the heat to medium, and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, until the beans are just tender. Drain and place in the bowl of ice water for a few minutes.nWhen the beans are cool, drain immediately and place them in a large bowl. Add the garlic, tomatoes, and vinaigrette and toss until mixed. Season with the salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut off the top 13 of the garlic heads crosswise to expose the cloves. Drizzle each head with 1 tablespoon of the oil and wrap in aluminum foil. Place the garlic on a baking sheet and roast in the oven for about 40 minutes, or until soft. Allow to cool, then squeeze garlic cloves out of their skins.nStore the garlic in plastic wrap or covered with olive oil in a glass jar. The roasted garlic will keep for about 2 weeks in the refrigerator.nPlace the sundried tomatoes in a small bowl. Pour the boiling water over the dried tomatoes to soften, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the tomatoes, reserving the tomato water.nIn a blender or food processor, combine the tomatoes, basil, garlic, vinegar, and 6 tablespoons of the tomato water or plain water and pulse until smooth. With the motor on low, slowly add the oil and blend until the dressing is well blended. Season with the salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound green beans, ends trimmed, 1 pound yellow wax beans, ends trimmed, 12 cloves Roasted Garlic, recipe follows, 20 grape or cherry tomatoes, halved, 14 cup SunDried Tomato and Basil Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 12 teaspoons sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 whole heads garlic, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup sundried tomato halves, coarsely chopped see note, 1 cup boiling water, 12 cup basil leaves packed, 1 garlic clove, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar or balsamic vinegar, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Nicoise Bean Salad, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 1450: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Using your hands, squeeze spinach of all excess liquid.nHeat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and garlic and cook for 3 minutes until they begin to soften. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute more. Add spinach, sundried tomatoes, red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper and cook an additional 2 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool approximately 10 minutes. Add ricotta and stir to combine. Season with additional salt and pepper, to taste.nUsing your hands, pack approximately 12 cup spinach mixture on top of each salmon fillet, forming mixture to the shape of the fillet. Place fillets on a rimmed baking sheet or glass baking dish and bake for 15 minutes, until salmon is cooked through., ingredients: [2 10 ounce packages frozen spinach, thawed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup minced shallots, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 5 sundried tomatoes, chopped, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 12 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, rinsed and patted dry], title: Salmon Florentine, picturelink: PTzUizQfWGeYl2k6drxB3veWYskSnpi}, 1451: {instructions: Once potatoes have cooled, remove skin. With a box grater, grate potatoes into a mixing bowl. Add olive oil, sour cream and one bunch of chives minced. Finish with one egg, mix very well. Season with salt and pepper. Form by hand 4 large potato cakes. In a medium saute pan, heat olive oil approximately 2 ounces at a time to a slight smoke. Fry 2 potato cakes at a time. Lower heat and allow to crisp approximately 3 minutes per side. Once both sides are crisp and all 4 cakes are made, drain on a paper towel and reserve in a warm place. Crack twelve eggs and wisk with a fork. Add 2 ounces milk. Season with salt and pepper. In the same teflon pan add 2 ounces of butter and over medium heat slowly stir in cracked eggs and begin to scramble.nOnce eggs are finished fold in a julienne of smoked salmon and a handful of minced chives. For presentation place one warm potato cake in the middle of each plate. Then carefully spoon scrambled egg mixture on top and garnish with chives, ingredients: [6 large baked potatoes, 2 bunches of chives, 2 tablespoons of sour cream, 2 tablespoons of olive oil, 12 slices of smoked salmon, 13 eggs, 2 ounces of milk, 2 ounces of butter, Olive oil for sauteeing], title: Crisp Potato Cakes Smoked Salmon and Chives, picturelink: null}, 1452: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the mozzarella cheese and Parmesan together in a medium bowl, then set aside. Roll out the dough on a lightly floured work surface to 14inch thick. Using a 2 34inchdiameter cookie cutter, cut out dough rounds.nAdd enough oil to a heavy large frying pan with 3inch sides to come halfway up the sides of the pan. Heat the oil over medium heat until hot. Drop a scrap of dough into the oil to ensure the oil is hot enough. If the dough sizzles, then the oil is hot enough. Working in batches, add the dough rounds to the hot oil being sure not to crowd them in the pan and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the rounds to paper towels to drain the excess oil. Immediately sprinkle the cheese mixture over the hot pizzas. Serve warm., ingredients: [13 cup finely shredded mozzarella, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 8 ounces purchased pizza dough, Extra virgin olive oil, for deepfrying], title: Cheese Pizzettes, picturelink: oooXnvPYt0IBucuCit2yRGKiDuux6Em}, 1453: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMake a small slit in the side of each fig and stuff a raisinsize piece of cheese in the opening. Wrap a piece of prosciutto around each fig to enclose it. Stand the figs on a baking sheet. Bake until the prosciutto melts slightly and forms a skin around the figs, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter. Drizzle with honey and season with lots of pepper. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [40 small fresh mission figs, 4 ounces manchego or blue cheese, 20 prosciutto slices, halved, 13 cup honey, Freshly ground black pepper], title: ProsciuttoRoasted Figs, picturelink: null}, 1454: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a charcoal or gas grill to high for direct grilling. Brush the cut sides of the oranges and radicchio with some olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Put the oranges and radicchio cutside down on the grill and cook just until charred and slightly softened. Transfer the radicchio to a platter.nSqueeze the orange juice into a bowl and whisk in the almonds, vinegar, parsley, honey, mustard and salt and pepper to taste. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Let sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes before serving.nBrush the trout fillets with canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper on both sides. Grill until golden brown and slightly charred on both sides and just cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Remove to the platter with the radicchio and immediately drizzle with the vinaigrette. Garnish with parsley leaves., ingredients: [2 oranges, halved, 2 heads radicchio, halved, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup finely chopped toasted blanched almonds, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus whole leaves, for garnish, 1 teaspoon clover honey, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Four 6ounce skinon rainbow trout fillets, about 12 inch thick, Canola oil, for brushing], title: Grilled Trout Almondine with Radicchio and OrangeAlmond Vinaigrette, picturelink: mzkTDSvggkAlD2DAkoRnuYrVzKfOV2y}, 1455: {instructions: For the TomatoRed Pepper Relish: Combine the tomatoes, red pepper, onion, vinegar, oil and salt and pepper to taste in a medium bowl. Cover and let sit at room temperature while you prepare the rest of the recipe.nFor the Spicy Herbed Tzatziki: Smash the garlic cloves, remove the skins and sprinkle with salt. Work the garlic into a paste by chopping and smearing it into the cutting board with your knife blade. Put into a medium bowl along with the yogurt, cucumber, feta if using, scallion, Serrano chile, parsley, mint and lemon zest. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the Grilled Salmon: Combine the oil oregano, garlic, salt and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour the mixture over the salmon in a baking dish and turn to coat. Cover and marinate for 15 minutes.nHeat a grill pan over high heat. Remove the salmon from the marinade and season with salt and pepper. Grill, skinside down, until golden brown and crisp on the first side, about 5 minutes. Turn and cook until opaque threequarters of the way through mediumwell done, about 5 more minutes. Remove to a cutting board and let cool to room temperature. Peel off the skin and discard. Using a fork, break into bitesize pieces.nPut some of the flaked salmon in the lettuce leaves, top with some of the relish and drizzle with the tzatziki., ingredients: [1 pint grape tomatoes, halved, 1 jarred roasted red pepper, thinly sliced, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, Splash red wine vinegar, Splash Greek extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, Kosher salt, 1 cup fatfree Greek yogurt, 12 English cucumber, grated and squeezed dry in paper towels, 14 cup crumbled Feta, optional, 1 scallion, green and pale green part chopped, 1 serrano chile, finely diced, 3 tablespoons chopped flat leaf parsley, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 cup canola oil, 14 cup fresh oregano, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound salmon fillet, center cut and skin on, Butter lettuce leaves, for serving], title: Salmon Gyro with TomatoRed Pepper Relish and Spicy Herbed Tzatziki, picturelink: hzGv1764hFU2qBnGggbFnhc0.oHxpe}, 1456: {instructions: Combine milk and orange or tangerine zest in a medium heavy pot. Heat to just below a simmer and turn off heat. Let infuse for 30 minutes. Bring back to just below the simmer, then mix in cocoa powder and chocolate, combining well.nIn a medium bowl, beat together yolks and sugar until well combined. Pour one cup of the hot milk mixture over egg mixture, whisking constantly. Pour egg mixture into saucepan. Heat mixture very slowly, stirring constantly with wooden spoon in figure eight pattern. Cook gently over very low heat for about 10 minutes, until custard has become quite thick. Add cold cream to stop the cooking and stir in vanilla extract. Pour through fine strainer into clean bowl and refrigerate until completely cold. Freeze mixture in ice cream freezer then scrape into container, cover, and freeze completely.nMandarine oranges and tangerines have a more intensely flavored zest than regular oranges that is suited to matching with intense chocolate. If you can get them, try this with Seville oranges, which can sometimes be found in Latin grocery stores., ingredients: [3 cups milk, Zest of 3 mandarin oranges or tangerines, julienned, 5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped fine, 1 ounce cocoa powder, 6 egg yolks, 8 ounces sugar, 1 cup cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Mandarin Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 1457: {instructions: For the steak: Sprinkle the skirt steak with salt and pepper.nIn a blender, add the orange juice, oil, cilantro, parsley, cumin and garlic and puree until smooth. Transfer the marinade to a large resealable plastic bag and add the steak. Seal the bag and shake gently to coat the steak. Marinate the steak in the fridge for 1 hour. Bring the steak to room temp before grilling.nFor the tomato sauce: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. On a baking sheet, toss the tomatoes, garlic and serrano with 1 tablespoon olive oil, salt, pepper and cumin. Roast in the oven for 10 minutes. Transfer to a blender and blend with the chicken stock.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a saucepan over low heat and add the sauce from the blender. Add the agave and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nFor the salad: Spread the shrimp out on a baking sheet and drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast the shrimp in the oven until cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes. Set aside and let cool.nCombine the beans, cucumber, onions, bell pepper, feta, parsley, cilantro, lime juice, poblano, serrano and garlic in a large bowl and toss to combine. Add the shrimp, orzo and the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Stir together, taste and season with salt and pepper.nTo finish: Preheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat and grill the steak 4 to 5 minutes on each side for mediummediumrare. Let rest, and then slice the steak and serve on top of the salad topped with tomato sauce.nCooks Note: If making this dish for children, you can limit the heat by substituting diced carrots for serrano chile peppers in the tomato sauce and the salad.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 skirt steak about 2 pounds, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 clove garlic, 1 pint sweet grape tomatoes, 2 cloves garlic, 1 serrano chile pepper, halved, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 teaspoon agave nectar, 1 12 pounds shrimp, 3140 size, peeled and deveined, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 cups canned black beans, drained and rinsed, 2 cups chopped cucumber, 2 cups chopped red onion, 2 cups chopped red bell pepper, 8 ounces crumbled feta, 1 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 cup fresh squeezed lime juice, 12 cup chopped poblano chile pepper, 1 serrano chile pepper, minced with seeds, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 8 ounces orzo, cooked to al dente], title: Grilled Skirt Steak with Sweet Roasted Tomato Sauce and Roasted Shrimp, Black Bean and Orzo Salad, picturelink: 5UfZBAlS4OplC3tcpp2x4XqHvPrL8m}, 1458: {instructions: Heat the cream, milk, honey and vanilla beans and seeds in a heavy saucepan over medium heat until hot, being careful not to let the mixture boil and curdle.nLightly whisk the egg yolks in a medium heatproof bowl, then slowly drizzle 1 cup of the hot cream mixture into the yolks while whisking. Pour the yolk mixture into the saucepan of cream heat, stirring constantly, until the custard thickens slightly and coats the back of a wooden spoon, again being careful not to let it boil and curdle.nPour through a finemesh strainer to remove the vanilla beans and any bits of cooked egg yolk. Stir in the vanilla extract. Cover the custard with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cold, about 6 hours. You can speed this process dramatically by partially submerging the bowl of custard in a larger bowl of ice water to form an ice bath and stirring the custard occasionally until cold. The colder the custard is, the faster the machine will be able to freeze it for ice cream.nFollow the directions on your ice cream maker to freeze. Once the mixture is frozen, put it into containers and allow it to ripen for at least 2 hours in the freezer.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, 12 cup honey, 2 vanilla beans, split lengthwise and scraped, 4 large egg yolks, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract], title: Vanilla Ice Cream With Honey, picturelink: 0Oe6PLmYDaBIplj34.9uL2R7ay6gd.}, 1459: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Whisk 4 eggs, 1 12 cups halfandhalf or milk, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon sugar and a pinch of salt in a shallow bowl. Heat 12 tablespoon butter in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, dip 6 thick slices white bread, challah or brioche in the egg mixture and cook in the skillet until golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side, adding more butter as needed. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake until puffed, 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, melt 4 tablespoons butter in the same skillet until browned, about 5 minutes. Drizzle the French toast with the browned butter and maple syrup.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Perfect French Toast, picturelink: T.LRekhBFnNtU7jSrY0nvlJfh5Cvxbi}, 1460: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Toss the bell pepper halves with 1 tablespoon olive oil and 12 teaspoon salt in a large microwavesafe bowl. Cover and microwave until the peppers soften, 10 to 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, mix the ragu, couscous, raisins, 12 cup cheese, 3 teaspoons vinegar, the parsley and 14 teaspoon salt in a bowl.nWhisk the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and 1 teaspoon vinegar, the tomato paste and 34 cup water in the bottom of a large nonreactive baking dish. Carefully transfer the peppers, cutside up, to the baking dish and fill with the couscous mixture. Sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup cheese.nCover the dish with foil and bake until the peppers are tender and the filling is hot, about 20 minutes. Transfer to plates and drizzle with the cooking liquid from the dish.nPulse the onion, celery, carrot, garlic and rosemary in a food processor until finely chopped.nHeat the olive oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the chopped vegetables and cook, stirring, until softened and golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the veal, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until no longer pink, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, milk, 1 cup water and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until slightly thickened, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the fettuccine as the label directs. Drain the pasta, then toss with half of the ragu about 3 cups. Top with parmesan. Reserve the remaining ragu to make stuffed peppers.nPer serving: Calories 484 Fat 12 g Saturated 3 g Cholesterol 48 mg Sodium 462 mg Carbohydrate 71 g Fiber 5 g Protein 25 g, ingredients: [4 bell peppers red, yellow or a mix, halved lengthwise, seeds removed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, About 3 cups leftover ragu from Fettuccine With Quick Ragu, recipe follows, 12 cup couscous, 34 cup golden raisins, 34 cup grated asiago or fontina cheese, 4 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 onion, 1 stalk celery, cut into 4 pieces, 1 small carrot, cut into 4 pieces, 1 clove garlic, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound ground veal or turkey, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 28 ounce can crushed tomatoes, 12 cup whole milk, 12 ounces fettuccine, Freshly grated parmesan cheese, for serving], title: RaguStuffed Peppers, picturelink: g31M0o7mmgvovIS0IYyh.8vUOBRu}, 1461: {instructions: Special equipment: Pastry bag with 58inch plastic tipnTo make the rabbit stock:nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nChop up the reserved rabbit bones. Put the bones and butter in an ovenproof saucepan and roast until browned. Transfer the pan to the stovetop and set over medium heat. Add the shallots, garlic, sage, and rosemary and when they begin to turn golden, add the wine and cook until it evaporates. Add the water and simmer until reduced to onethird of its initial volume.nTo make the spezzatino:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the reserved rabbit meat into 1inch cubes and season with salt and pepper. Heat the butter in a roasting pan set over medium heat. Add the rabbit, and let it color on all sides. Add the garlic, shallot, rosemary, and sage, and cook just to develop a little color. Add the wine, let it evaporate, and then add all the rabbit stock. Roast, uncovered, until the meat is tender, 20 to 30 minutes add water to the pan if the juices begin to burn. Transfer the meat to a plate with a slotted spoon and remove and discard the herb sprigs. Add the cream to the pan gravy and reduce over medium heat until it has thickened but is still a little runny.nTo Serve:nSpoon some of the rabbit in the middle of a plate. Top with Funghi di Bosco. Try and turn the bucatini around the rabbit to make a nest it wont completely stay in place, sprinkle chopped parsley on top, and finish with a drizzle of olive oil.nTo make the dough:nPut the flour in a mixing bowl, make a well in the center, and break the eggs and yolks in the middle. Add the olive oil to the well and beat with a fork to incorporate the olive oil with the eggs. Slowly begin to assimilate flour until you have a thick paste and can begin working with your fingers and assimilate the rest. Put the dough on a lightly floured countertop and knead for a few minutes until the dough is elastic. Cover with plastic wrap and let the dough rest in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nTo finish:nBring a large pot filled with salted water to a boil. Drop the pasta in the water and cook until the bucatini is al dente try one to check, 2 to 4 minutes. Put the butter and sage in a saute pan set over medium heat and let the butter solids turn brown. Add the bucatini to the pan along with a little pasta cooking water this stops the butter from browning and keep moving the pasta gently in the pan until the water evaporates. Add the cheese. Serve with the sage leaves, if you like.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nArrange the mushrooms in a baking dish. Melt the butter with the sage and garlic in a small pan set over medium heat. When the butter solids have turned a nutty blond, pour the butter discard the garlic and sage over the mushrooms. Season with salt and pepper and roast, turning occasionally, until the mushrooms are tender but still slightly al dente, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer them to a bowl, toss with the parsley, drizzle with olive oil, and keep warm.nMelt the fontina in a microwave oven on high heat, cooking for 1 minute intervals, until the cheese is runny. Pour into a pastry bag and immediately roll out the bucatini dough. If the cheese hardens in the meantime, you can reheat it in the microwave for a few seconds, but only if the bag has a plastic not metal tip.nRoll out the bucatini dough using a pasta machine, always dusting the pasta sheet with flour to prevent sticking, until the sheet is 132inch thick or slightly thinner, if you can.nCut the pasta sheet crosswise into strips 2 12 to 3inches wide and about 4inches long. Brush the strips with egg white and squeeze out a rope of fontina stuffing down the length of the strip, stopping 14inch from each end. Roll the pasta strip over the stuffing until you have a tightly stuffed cylinder. The pasta should roll over itself twice. Pinch the ends closed and then cut off the pinched part to seal the bucatini. Make at least 24 bucatini., ingredients: [1 2 12 to 3 pound rabbit, boned reserve bones for stock and meat for spezzatino, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 sprig fresh sage, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 12 cup dry white wine, 4 cups water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 tablespoons butter, 5 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 large shallot, sliced, 1 sprig rosemary, 1 sprig sage, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup heavy cream, To serve:, Funghi di Bosco, recipe follows, Fontina Stuffed Bucatini, recipe follows, Chopped parsley, for garnish, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 3 12 cups 1 pound allpurpose flour, more for kneading, 4 large eggs, plus 3 large yolks, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Finishing:, Salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 24 fresh sage leaves, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 20 ounces mixed fresh wild mushrooms, sliced remove tough stems from shiitakes, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 or 2 sprigs sage, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 pound fontina, grated, 1 egg white, beaten], title: Creamy Rabbit Spezzatino with Fontina Stuffed Bucatini and Funghi di Bosco, picturelink: null}, 1462: {instructions: Slice orange and set aside. Add wine, peaches and their syrup, liqueur, orange juice, and sugar to a large pitcher, and stir to combine. Add orange slices to pitcher. Cover tightly and refrigerate for 1 hour. Pour into 6 wine glasses and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 orange, 1 750 ml bottle chilled white wine, such as Riesling, 1 15ounce can sliced peaches in heavy syrup, 12 cup orange flavored liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 12 cup orange juice, 14 cup sugar], title: White Wine Cooler, picturelink: VRMcTwMtekF5GnMANmYk9.4l8j16wIW}, 1463: {instructions: Coat a large saucepan with oil, add the red pepper flakes and toast over medium heat until aromatic. Add the chicken broth and 28 ounces 2 cans water and bring to a light boil. Add the soy sauce, dark soy sauce, Worcestershire and rice wine, reduce the heat and simmer for a few minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature. Add about 3 to 4 ladles of room temperature sauce to a resealable plastic bag and add the chicken. Let marinate for at least 1 hour.nAdd the cornstarch to the remaining sauce and mix well.nHeat a large skillet or a flat top grill to mediumhigh heat. Remove the chicken from the marinade and discard the marinade. Cook the chicken in the hot skillet until cooked through and lightly browned. Add the remaining sauce mixture and cook to desired consistency, coating the chicken well. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter.nMix the onions and cilantro together in a bowl.nAssembly: Warm the tortillas. Fill with Kung Pao Chicken and top with the onioncilantro garnish and chopped peanuts., ingredients: [Oil, 1 12 to 2 ounces crushed red pepper flakes, or to taste, 6 14ounce cans lowsodium chicken broth, 28 ounces water 2 cans, 8 ounces soy sauce, 2 ounces dark soy sauce, 8 ounces Worcestershire, 4 ounces rice wine or gin, 10 pounds boneless skinless chicken breast, diced, 1ounce cornstarch, 2 onions, diced, 2 bunches cilantro, leaves chopped, 48 soft corn tortillas, 1 cup unsalted roasted peanuts, chopped], title: Kung Pao Chicken Tacos, picturelink: null}, 1464: {instructions: Special equipment: 10inch cast iron skillet or nonstick ovenproof skilletnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Generously add salt and 3 tablespoons of oil and add the spaghetti. Bring back to a boil and cook for 11 to 13 minutes until the spaghetti is just tender. Drain into a colander and rinse under cold water. Return the spaghetti to the pot and set aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat for 1 minute. Add the garlic and onion and cook for 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the tomatoes, kalamatas, 1 teaspoon of salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook for an additional 5 minutes until the tomatoes begin to break down. Remove the mixture from the heat and set aside.nWhisk the eggs and cream together in a large mixing bowl. Add the remaining teaspoon of salt, a few grinds of pepper, the red pepper flakes, basil, fontina, feta, 4 ounces of the Parmesan and the tomato mixture. Mix in the spaghetti.nHeat the remaining olive oil in the 10inch skillet over high heat. Add the spaghetti mixture, reduce the heat to medium and cook for 5 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the preheated oven for 30 minutes until the center of the pie is set and the top is golden.nRemove from the oven and let cool for 10 minutes. Run a spatula around the edges and underneath the pie to loosen. Place a large plate over the skillet and invert the pie onto the plate. Place another plate onto the pie and invert again. Let the pie set for an additional 10 minutes.nSlice the pie into 6 to 8 pieces and garnish with the remaining Parmesan and basil leaves before serving., ingredients: [34 pound spaghetti, 9 tablespoons olive oil, 5 garlic cloves coarsely chopped, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 16 cherry tomatoes, halved, 16 kalamata olives, pitted and halved, 4 eggs, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, optional, 6 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 4 ounces fontina, grated, 8 ounces feta, crumbled, 8 ounces Parmesan, shredded, Fresh basil leaves, for garnish], title: Three Cheese Spaghetti Pie, picturelink: null}, 1465: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd sugar, 2 orange slices and a good shot of brandy to a cocktail shaker. Muddle together until the sugar is dissolved. Add ice cubes to the shaker along with the Rioja wine. Shake and strain into a martini glass and top with a splash of lemonlime club soda. Garnish with an orange slice., ingredients: [2 teaspoons sugar, 1 orange, sliced, A good shot brandy, 5 to 6 ounces Rioja wine, Splash lemonlime club soda], title: Savory Spritzer Cocktails, picturelink: IUXvC3PnS8niRwIPT..zvYnYwXKES}, 1466: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Drain and transfer to a large bowl.nMeanwhile, heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, then add half each of the scallions, ginger and garlic stirfry until the scallions are wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the shrimp and stirfry until just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer the shrimp mixture to a plate using a slotted spoon.nAdd the remaining 2 teaspoons vegetable oil to the skillet. Add the remaining scallions, ginger and garlic stirfry 1 to 2 minutes, then add the broccoli and cook, tossing to coat, 1 to 2 more minutes. Add 12 cup broth. Cover and cook until the broccoli is just tender, 5 to 7 minutes.nWhisk the cornstarch and 1 tablespoon water in a bowl, then whisk in the remaining 1 12 cups broth, the soy sauce and sesame oil. Return the shrimp to the skillet add the broth mixture. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring, until thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the pasta and toss to coat.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces wholewheat spaghetti, 4 teaspoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped scallions white and light green parts only, 2 tablespoons minced peeled ginger, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 bunch broccoli, cut into florets, stems peeled and thinly sliced, 2 cups lowsodium mushroom or vegetable broth, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil], title: Shrimp and Broccoli Lo Mein, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 1467: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the tortellini and cook as the label directs.nMeanwhile, heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add the olive oil and prosciutto and cook until crisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the garlic and tomato paste and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Ladle in about 1 cup of the pasta cooking water and simmer until reduced by about half, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the cream and simmer until slightly thickened, 2 to 3 minutes.nAbout 2 minutes before the tortellini are done, add the peas to the boiling water and cook until just tender. Drain the tortellini and peas and add to the skillet, tossing to coat with the sauce. Stir in the parsley. Sprinkle with the parmesan cheese.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound meatfilled tortellini, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces prosciutto or pancetta, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese], title: Tortellini with Peas and Prosciutto, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 1468: {instructions: Combine cucumber, cabbage, and onion in a bowl. Bring the rice vinegar, sugar, 12 cup water and salt, to taste, to a boil in saucepan, stirring, and immediately pour over cucumber mixture. Toss mixture and let stand at room temperature, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes. To cool quickly, chill in freezer 15 minutes., ingredients: [23 English cucumber, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise, 12 small red cabbage, very thinly sliced, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup rice vinegar not seasoned, 23 cup sugar, 12 cup water, Salt], title: Pickled Cucumber and Red Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 1469: {instructions: Heat oil in a large deep frying pan adding chopped onions and fry for 4 to 5 minutes on a medium heat or once the onions are slightly brown. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for a further 1 or 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, salt, chili powder, green chili, ground cumin and turmeric.nTurn up the heat and further cook for another 1 minute then put in the chicken. It is very crucial that spices are mixed within the pan at this point to ensure that the chicken cooks with texture and flavor. Add water after stirring the chicken into the spices.nTurn down the heat slightly and stir in the garam masala and fenugreek and cook for a further 5 minutes, also adding in the bell pepper stirring now and again. Serve sprinkled with green coriander., ingredients: [2 to 3 fresh tomatoes, diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 1 green chili, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 pound chicken, cooked, 1 cup water, 1 12 teaspoons garam masala, 12 teaspoon dried fenugreek, 12 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped green coriander, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon ginger, julienne], title: Chicken Karahi, picturelink: null}, 1470: {instructions: Cover a platter with watercress and arugula. Place the avocado face down on the greens. Slice the avocado crosswise and fan it out across the greens. Thoroughly mix the remaining ingredients and pour over the avocado and greens. Add sprouts before serving., ingredients: [12 cup watercress leaves, 12 cup arugula leaves, 2 ripe avocados, halved, pitted and peeled, Assorted sprouts: clover, alfalfa, radish, etc., 14 cup minced onion, 12 cup tomatoes, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, Juice of 12 lemon, 2 tablespoons of red wine vinegar, 13 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste], title: Quick AvocadoSproutVinaigrette Salad, picturelink: null}, 1471: {instructions: Pour cranberry juice into 3 ice cube trays, place in the freezer and freezer until firm.nPlace vodka, simple syrup and lime juice in a blender and blend until combined. Fill the blender with cranberry ice cubes and blend until a thick slushy consistency forms. Pour into frozen mugs and serve with a straw., ingredients: [1 quart cranberry juice, 1 cup vodka, 14 cup simple syrup equal parts sugar and water, heated until sugar dissolves cool, 14 cup fresh lime juice], title: Cape Codder Slushie, picturelink: TZnwY6A697l0ySDv6lFRkZW5jQ6N8a}, 1472: {instructions: Combine the yogurt, olive oil, lemon zest and juice, rosemary, salt, and pepper in a large nonreactive bowl. Add the lamb, making sure it is covered with marinade. Marinate in the refrigerator, covered, overnight or for up to 3 days.nBring the lamb to room temperature. Prepare a charcoal grill with hot coals. Scrape the marinade off the lamb, wipe the meat with paper towels, and season it generously with salt and pepper. Brush the grill with oil to keep the lamb from sticking, and grill on both sides until the internal temperature is 120 to 125 degrees for rare. This will take 40 minutes to 1 hour, depending on how hot the grill is.nRemove the lamb to a cutting board, cover with aluminum foil, and allow to rest for 20 minutes. Then slice and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds 2 pints plain yogurt regular or lowfat, 12 cup good olive oil, plus more for brushing grill, 1 lemon, zested, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 3 lemons, 34 cup fresh whole rosemary leaves 2 large bunches, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 5pound butterflied leg of lamb 9 pounds bonein], title: Grilled Leg of Lamb, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 1473: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet. When hot add onions and saute them for about 10 minutes or until golden. Stir in peppers and cook for about 5 minutes or until tender. Stir in potatoes, garlic and corned beef. Stir well to incorporate and press the mixture down in the skillet. Let this cook, over medium heat for 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add Worcestershire and Tabasco and stir to thoroughly incorporate. Press mixture down flat in skillet and cook for another 10 minutes to develop a crust. Place a plate, upside down on top of hash. Holding the plate in place with one hand, protected by a pot holder, flip the skillet over to release the hash from the skillet onto the plate. If some of it sticks to the skillet, dont be too concerned just scrape it free. Add a bit more fat to the pan if necessary and slide the hash back into the skillet with the crust side up. Moisten with tomato juice or broth and press hash own in skillet again. Cook for another 10 minutes to develop a crust on the other side. Cut into pie shaped wedges and top with chili sauce. Serve with a green salad on the side., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 34 cup finely diced red bell pepper, 2 cups diced peeled parboiled potatoes, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 12 cups shredded cooked corned beef, 1 cup tomato juice or beef broth, Worcestershire and Tabasco sauce to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Second Time Around Corned Beef Hash, picturelink: null}, 1474: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small skillet, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat, then add the mushrooms, and raise the heat a bit. Cook the mushrooms until tender and dark, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the sage midway through the cooking time. Season the mushrooms with salt and pepper, to taste, after theyre dark and tender, as salt slows the browning by drawing out liquids.nMeanwhile, in a second small skillet over medium heat melt another tablespoon of the butter. Add the onions, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook until tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Stir in the sauerkraut, cook until warmed through, then turn off the heat. While the onions cook, heat a cast iron pan or griddle over mediumhigh heat. Season the chicken liberally with Montreal Steak Seasoning. Add the extravirgin olive oil to the pan or griddle and cook the chicken, turning once, until cooked through, about 12 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate. Wipe down the skillet or griddle, and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Thinly slice the chicken on an angle.nAdd the sour cream, relish, and ketchup to a small bowl and stir in the fresh herbs.nLightly butter 1 side of the bread slices with the remaining tablespoon of butter. Build the sandwiches with buttered sides facing out, in this order: dressing, cheese, mushrooms, sliced chicken, sauerkraut with onions, cheese, and ending with the dressing to set in place. Grill the sandwiches for about 3 minutes on each side. Serve with pickles and salted radishes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 12 pound baby portobello mushrooms, sliced, 2 tablespoons fresh sage leaves, thinly sliced, or 1 12 teaspoons dried sage, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 1pound package sauerkraut, rinsed and drained, 4 6ounce boneless skinless chicken breast halves, Grill seasoning blend recommended: McCormick Montreal Steak Seasoning, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons dill relish, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill or 1 12 teaspoons dried dill, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 8 slices marble rye, rye, or pumpernickel bread, 8 slices Gruyere or deli Swiss cheese, 4 large deli pickles, 1 bunch radishes, halved and salted], title: Sandwich Night: The Sliced Chicken and Mushroom Rachael, picturelink: 5c4ZwM7JcqukKxa1J.gRT6MQ6PyIu}, 1475: {instructions: To make dressing, combine egg yolks, garlic, shallots, anchovies, Worcestershire, Tabasco, and balsamic vinegar in a blender. Puree until smooth. Slowly add oils until dressing is emulsified and creamy. Add chopped jalapenos, cilantro, lime juice and salt to taste.nShuck oysters and reserve juice or have the fishmonger do this for you.nIn a medium bowl, combine crumbs, serrano chili, garlic, cayenne pepper, and black pepper, mixing well.nLift oysters out of juice, 1 at a time, and dredge in crumb mixture to coat heavily. Strain and reserve 1 tablespoon oyster liquor for vinaigrette. Place breaded oysters on waxed paper until ready to fry.nHeat oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Carefully place oysters in pan, 1 at a time. Brown for 2 minutes, turn, and brown other side for about 2 minutes. Do not overcook. Remove and keep warm.nToss romaine with Caesar Dressing. Place on 4 plates and sprinkle cheese and pomegranate seeds on salad. Dust plate with powdered pumpkin seeds. Place 4 fried oysters on each salad. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 large egg yolks, 4 cloves smoked garlic, minced, 2 shallots, minced, 4 anchovy fillets, 2 tablespoons hot mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons hot pepper sauce, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 34 cup canola oil, 34 cup olive oil, 4 roasted and chopped red jalapenos, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons lime juice, Salt, to taste, 16 mediumlarge fresh oysters, 2 cups dried cornbread crumbs, 1 serrano chili, seeded and finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 cup peanut oil, 1 large head romaine, outer leaves removed, cleaned, dried, and diced, 14 cup Cotija or Mexican Farmers cheese, crumbled, 14 cup pomegranate seeds, 14 cup pumpkin seeds pepitas, toasted and finely ground], title: Spicy Fried Oysters on Jalapeno Caesar Salad, picturelink: null}, 1476: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with paper towel. Set aside. In a medium bowl, combine matzos, currants, almonds, apricots, egg yolks, matzo meal, sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice and salt. Set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat egg whites until stiff. Fold beaten egg whites into the matzo mixture.nHeat 2 inches vegetable oil to 375 degrees F in a lowsided medium stockpot over mediumhigh heat. Carefully spoon batter, 1 tablespoon at a time, into hot oil without crowding pan. Fry until golden and crisp, about 1 minute on each side. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to prepared baking sheet to drain well. Serve at room temperature or reheat in oven just before serving., ingredients: [3 matzos, soaked in water and squeezed very dry, 2 tablespoons currants, 2 tablespoons almonds, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons dried apricots, coarsely chopped, 3 large eggs, separated, 14 cup matzo meal, 13 cup sugar, 1 lemon, zested, 12 lemon, juiced, Pinch salt, Kosher for Passover vegetable oil, for frying], title: Chremslach, picturelink: null}, 1477: {instructions: Heat a large saute pan or grill pan over high heat. Brush halibut with the oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Cook the halibut for 3 minutes on each side. Serve with corn sauce and tomato chutney.nPlace all ingredients in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and let simmer for 30 minutes, season with salt. Serve at room temperature.nHeat butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onions and green apples and cook until soft. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add curry powder and cook for 5 minutes. Add stock, bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 1 hour. Strain stock into a clean medium saucepan. Add the corn to the stock and cook for 30 minutes, covered. Place the cream in a small saucepan and cook until reduced by half. Add the reduced cream to the stock and simmer, covered for 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a bowl combine all curry powder ingredients., ingredients: [4 6ounce halibut fillets, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Tomato Chutney, recipe follows, Curried Corn Sauce, recipe follows, 6 plum tomatoes, peeled and diced, 12 cup chopped yellow onions, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup golden raisins, Salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup chopped red onion, 1 green apple, peeled, cored and diced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 3 tablespoons curry powder, 4 cups fish stock, 1 cup frozen corn kernels, thawed, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon ground cumin seed, 2 tablespoons ground coriander seed, 1 tablespoon ground fenugreek seed, 2 teaspoons ground cardamom seed, 1 tablespoon turmeric, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 tablespoon ground black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon ground cloves], title: Pan Sauteed Halibut with Curried Corn Sauce and Tomato Chutney, picturelink: null}, 1478: {instructions: Whisk the soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, the brown sugar and garlic in a shallow dish. Add the steak and turn to coat. Let marinate at room temperature, 20 minutes.nBrush a large grill pan with vegetable oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. Remove the steak from the marinade do not pat dry and grill 2 to 3 minutes per side for medium rare. Transfer to a cutting board let rest 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, toss the scallions with 2 teaspoons sesame oil. Grill, turning, until charred, about 4 minutes transfer to the cutting board and cut into 1inch pieces. Slice the steak against the grain toss with any collected juices.nWhisk the mayonnaise and gochujang in a small bowl. Toss the kimchi, pear and the remaining 1 tablespoon sesame oil in another bowl. Lightly char the tortillas over a gas burner, about 20 seconds per side or microwave as the label directs. Serve the steak and scallions in the tortillas with the greens, spicy mayonnaise and kimchipear mixture.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 1pound skirt steak, cut crosswise into thirds, Vegetable oil, for the grill pan, 1 bunch scallions, 13 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons gochujang Korean chile paste or Sriracha,, plus more to taste, 1 cup kimchi, cut into strips, 1 firm pear, finely chopped, 12 6inch corn tortillas, 2 cups mixed Asian greens 2 ounces or other lettuce], title: Korean Beef Tacos, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 1479: {instructions: Whisk together mustard, salt, pepper, honey, and vinegar. Slowly drizzle in the oil. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 part prepared mustard, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 part honey, 1 part vinegar, 4 parts oil], title: Perfect Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 1480: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a 10inch nonstick skillet. Add the onion and garlic cook until lightly golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the beans, corn and another tablespoon of oil if the pan seems dry. Season with the salt, cumin and pepper, and stir in the cilantro. Let cook over mediumlow heat until the beans and corn are heated through, about 5 minutes.nHeat a 10inch castiron skillet over medium heat.nMeanwhile, arrange the tortillas flat on a counter. Sprinkle 1 12 tablespoons of cheese on one half of each tortilla. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the beancorn mixture over the cheese. Top with another 1 12 tablespoons of cheese. Fold the filled tortillas into halfmoons.nPlace 2 quesadillas in the skillet. Cook until golden on the bottom and the cheese has started to melt, 2 to 3 minutes. Use a spatula to flip the quesadillas, and cook until golden on the other side, 2 to 3 more minutes,. Repeat with the remaining quesadillas.nServe topped with pico de gallo if desired.nEasy Swap In: We usually make the filling with leftover grilled or roasted corn, but frozen corn works great too. Dont thaw the cornjust add the frozen kernels to the pan with the black beans and allow 1 to 2 extra minutes for them to heat through., ingredients: [Freshly ground black pepper, Handful of fresh cilantro, chopped, Eight 8inch round flour tortillas, 8 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, shredded, Pico de gallo, to serve, optional, 14 teaspoon cumin, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped fine, One 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup cooked corn kernels from 1 large ear, 34 teaspoon salt], title: Corn and Black Bean Quesadillas, picturelink: WhVWBrsYGIoUcZHB1Ocbe33kKIf6C}, 1481: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, mix the beef, salsa, breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire, salt, pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne, egg and jalapeno. Use your hands and mix well. Pat down into a loaf pan. Top with the ketchup, the remaining 1 tablespoon Worcestershire, and the remaining 12 teaspoon cayenne. Smooth over the top and bake until cooked through, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and let cool for 30 minutes. Now this is where the recipe gets fun and you get to use your imagination After the meatloaf cools, slice into 8 thin slices use 2 slices for each sandwich. You can use any kind of bread. We use a brioche roll, but you can use a kaiser, country Italian or anything that will hold up a messy sandwich. Use some of our suggested toppings to perfect your meatloaf sandwich. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 pound grassfed ground beef, 1 cup your favorite spicy salsa or Mexican tomato sauce, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 egg, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 4 brioche rolls, Grilled pickled jalapenos, Bacon, Tomato slices, Cole slaw, Sriracha Mayo equal parts mayonnaise and Sriracha and 1 squeeze of lime juice, Blue cheese, Pimento cheese, And we always top with green onions. We love the color and the crunch], title: Spicy Meatloaf Sandwich, picturelink: Fjy2AmaDCpYchvvxqfXnNv0DQ.kivPq}, 1482: {instructions: Place the farro in a large bowl and cover with cold water. Soak for 30 minutes.nThen put the farro in a large pot and cover with the chicken stock and 4 cups cold water. Set over high heat and bring to a boil. Turn down the heat to a simmer and cook uncovered until the farro is tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Drain the farro and toss with the olive oil and red wine vinegar. Season with some salt and pepper. Allow to cool slightly.nIn a large bowl, toss the farro together with the arugula, tomatoes, apples, cucumber and orange supremes. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 cups farro, 4 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups baby arugula, 1 pint grape tomatoes, sliced in half lengthwise, 1 green apple, diced, 1 hothouse cucumber, sliced into 14inchthick half moons, 1 orange, peeled and cut into segments supremes], title: Far Out Farro Salad, picturelink: null}, 1483: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly spray the inside of a 3quart casserole with butterflavored cooking spray set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together pudding mix, evaporated milk, almond extract, and pumpkin pie spice. Add rolls, raisins, and pecans to bowl. Stir together until well combined and bread is saturated.nTransfer to prepared casserole dish and dot with butter.nBake bread pudding in preheated oven for 1 hour to 1 hour 10 minutes or until knife inserted into center comes out clean.nRemove from oven and serve warm in martini glasses., ingredients: [1 4.6ounce box instant vanilla pudding mix recommended: JellO, 2 12ounce cans evaporated milk, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 1 pound leftover or storebought cinnamon rolls, quartered, 1 12 cups chopped dates or raisins, 14 cup chopped almonds or pecans, 4 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces], title: Cinnamon Roll Bread Pudding, picturelink: F08S0SElgmW8Z2udzm.MOctWVLMPO}, 1484: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWith a sharp knife, carefully slice the chicken breast in half from top to bottommeaning youll have two similarlysized chicken breasts that are much thinner.nHeat the butter and olive oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Salt and pepper both sides of the chicken breast pieces and panfry them on both sides until theyre done. Get as much golden brown color on the chicken as you can. When done, remove the chicken from the skillet and pour off any excess fat or oil but dont clean the pan.nReturn the chicken to the skillet and pour over the hot sauce. Turn the chicken to coat it on both sides and let it sit in the sauce while you prepare the other ingredients. The heat should not be on under the skillet.nToss the salad greens in a large bowl with just enough Fast Blue Cheese Dressing to lightly coat thin the dressing with a little milk if its too gloopy. Heap some tossed salad into two individual bowls. Sprinkle blue cheese crumbles over the top. Slice the chicken into thin slices on the bias and arrange them over the top of each salad. Dip the slices back into the sauce if necessary to really coat them.nTop the whole thing with more blue cheese crumbles, and serve with celery hearts.nTo a bowl add the mayo, milk, sour cream and Worcestershire, and stir until combined. Stir in the blue cheese and add salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 boneless skinless chicken breast, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, 12 cup cayenne hot pepper sauce, 4 cups salad greens, such as romaine or mixed greens, Fast Blue Cheese Dressing, recipe follows, Blue cheese crumbles, for topping, Celery hearts with leaves intact, for serving, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup whole milk, 14 cup sour cream, Dash of Worcestershire sauce, 13 cup blue cheese crumbles, Salt and pepper], title: Buffalo Chicken Salad, picturelink: E0kzI6f007j3bD.ZjIR4DmhFj.lPAOe}, 1485: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter the cups of 2 large muffin pans. You will need 12 muffin cups. Set aside.nGently simmer the raisins and brandy in a small saucepan over low heat. Remove from the heat and set aside. Peel, core and cut the apples into 1inch chunks. Add them to a small bowl and toss with the lemon juice. Set aside.nIn large bowl, whisk the eggs, halfandhalf, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, vanilla, and melted butter until combined. Cut the donuts into 1inch pieces. Add the donuts to the bowl with the egg mixture. Press the donuts down into the liquid to cover completely and let soak for 15 minutes while you prepare the crumb topping.nTo make the crumb topping. Add the flour, brown sugar, salt, oats, and butter to a small bowl. Using an electric mixer, on mediumlow speed, beat the mixture until crumbly. Set aside.nStir the apples and the raisins with the brandy into the soaked donuts. Make sure the donuts have soaked up most of the liquid before adding the apples. Evenly divide the custard among the muffin cups. Sprinkle each custard with the crumb topping. Put the muffin pans on foillined baking sheets and bake until the pudding has turned golden and is set, about 35 minutes. Remove the puddings from the oven and allow them to cool in the pans on a wire rack for 15 minutes.nTo serve: Spoon the Apple Brandy Sauce on dessert plates and arrange each pudding on the sauce. Lightly dust with confectioners sugar. Garnish each pudding with a dollop of Spiced Cream, if using, and a sprig of mint. Serve immediately.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.nIn a medium saucepan melt the butter over mediumlow heat. Add the sugar and stir until combined. Whisk in the heavy cream, brandy, egg yolks and salt. Cook until the sauce has thickened, about 2 to 3 minutes, whisking constantly. Do not let the sauce come to a boil. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Serve warm with the Apple Crisp Bread Pudding., ingredients: [12 cup raisins, 13 cup apple brandy, 2 Fuji apples, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 4 large eggs, 3 cups halfandhalf, 34 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 14 Dunkin Donuts Old Fashioned Cake Donuts, 34 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons brown sugar, packaged, 12 cup old fashioned rolled oats, 12 cup 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, Apple Brandy Sauce, recipe follows, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Spiced cream, recipe follows, optional, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 13 cup apple brandy, 2 egg yolks, lightly beaten, Pinch salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Apple Crisp Bread Pudding, picturelink: 7MxTEN6nnc3HDQYBzPO42UlNUBIXGui}, 1486: {instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill to medium heat.nBreak off the artichokes small outside leaves. Cut off the top with a knife and trim the sharp points of the leaves with scissors, rubbing with cut lemon as you go to avoid discoloration. Squeeze the lemon halves into a bowl of cold water, soak the artichokes for 10 minutes, then wash with cold water to remove sand.nPlace artichokes in a large steamer insert over simmering water and steam until heart is tender, about 25 to 35 minutes depending upon size. Allow to cool. Cut in half lengthwise and remove choke with a spoon.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter with the olive oil. Stir in the white wine and lemon juice, keep warm.nGrill the artichokes, basting with the butter mixture, until until golden on the surface and heated through, about 5 to 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with the Spicy Smoked Tomato Mayonnaise.nSpecial equipment: smokerdehydratornChefs Note: If you do not have access to a smokerdehydrator, you can substitute 4 sundried tomatoes and 2 teaspoons ancho or pasilla powder for the tomatoes and pasillas, eliminating the tomatoes and pasilla peppers from the recipe.nDry the tomatoes and pasilla peppers in an oak smokerdehydrator overnight.nPreheat an outdoor grill, preferably wood fired with oak wood, for indirect heat cooking.nWrap garlic and onions loosely in 2 separate foil packets and roastgrill over indirect heat until they are soft, being careful not to burn them. The garlic should take about 1 to 1 12 hours the onions should take about 30 to 45 minutes.nIn a food processor, puree the smoked pasilla peppers and tomatoes with the garlic and onions. Add the cayenne, chili powder, paprika and salt. Mix in the mayonnaise. Leftover mayonnaise will keep, refrigerated, for up to 3 or 4 days.nPrep Time: 15 minutesnCook Time: 1 to 1 12 hoursnInactive Prep Time: 8 hours, ingredients: [4 large artichokes, 1 lemon, halved, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons white wine, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Spicy Smoked Tomato Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 2 tomatoes, halved, 2 pasilla peppers, halved, 14 cup garlic cloves, 12 pound onions, large, sliced thin, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups mayonnaise], title: Grilled Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 1487: {instructions: Special equipment: a frying thermometernWhisk together the soy milk, agave, oil and yeast. Add the flour and salt and beat on low with an electric mixer until the dough just comes together. Turn up to medium and beat 3 minutes more. Cover and let rise in a warm place, 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread some flaked coconut on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Set aside to cool.nFold the dough and continue to let it rise until it doubles in size, about 45 minutes. Lightly grease several baking sheets. Tear off a 1ounce piece of dough and roll it into a ball poke a hole in the center with your finger and stretch it out a little. Place on one of the greased baking sheets and continue with the remaining dough. Let rise until puffy, about 20 minutes.nFor the glaze: Stir together the coconut milk, sugar, and vanilla bean in a large pot and heat over medium heat until thick.nMeanwhile, bring several inches oil to 350 degrees F in a large Dutch oven. Fry several doughnuts at a time until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a rack. Dip one side of each warm doughnut in the glaze, then sprinkle with toasted coconut. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 12 cups unflavored soy milk, 23 cup agave syrup, 12 cup neutralflavored oil, plus additional for greasing and frying, 2 12 ounces fresh yeast, 4 pounds allpurpose flour, 12 ounce salt, Flaked coconut, for garnish, One 98ounce can coconut milk, 2 pounds confectioners sugar, 12 vanilla bean, scraped], title: Vegan Coconut Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 1488: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 3 6cup muffin pans with cupcake liners.nFrosting: Put the chocolate chips and shortening in a medium microwavable bowl. Microwave on high, stirring halfway between cooking time, until the chocolate is melted, about 40 to 50 seconds. Stir until smooth. With an electric mixer on low speed, beat the cream cheese in a medium bowl until smooth, about 1 minute. Beat in the melted chocolate, orange juice, vanilla, and salt until blended. With the mixer on low speed, beat in the confectioners sugar, 12 cup at a time, until smooth, about 2 to 3 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside.nCupcakes: Whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. With an electric mixer on high speed, beat the butter, sugar, vanilla, and salt in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add the egg and egg yolks, 1 at time, beating well after each addition. With the mixer on medium speed, beat in the sour cream, zest, and juice until blended. Add the flour mixture on low speed, and beat until just blended.nFill each muffin cup 23 full with the batter. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 17 to 20 minutes. Let cool in the pan on a rack for 10 minutes. Remove the cupcakes from the pan and let cool completely on a rack.nWith a small metal spatula, spread the frosting over the tops of the cooled cupcakes use assorted fruit and candies to decorate the cupcakes., ingredients: [23 cup white chocolate chips, 2 teaspoons vegetable shortening, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, room temperature, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick 12 cup butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 2 egg yolks, 12 cup sour cream, 12 orange, zested about 1 teaspoon, 12 orange, juiced about 1 12 tablespoons, Assorted toppings such as blueberries, candycoated chocolate eggs, jelly beans, rainbow cereal puffs, licorice string, and chocolatecovered graham crackers], title: Easter Cupcakes with White Chocolate Frosting, picturelink: KDNV2sr3dN1L.p0YSEkMWliDw2eba}, 1489: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut all the ingredients in a blender and process until smooth. Pour into glasses and serve.nCooks note: For nondairy smoothies, substitute 1 cup rice milk for the milk and yogurt. Or, use soy yogurt or milk instead of dairy., ingredients: [1 frozen banana, peeled and sliced, 2 cups frozen strawberries, raspberries, or cherries, 1 cup milk, 12 cup plain or vanilla yogurt, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 to 3 tablespoons honey or to taste], title: Frozen Fruit Smoothies, picturelink: fT3Ajqm2eOzZAtdV.sEN96ViiYRDvt.}, 1490: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven set a baking sheet on the rack and preheat to 400 degrees F.nWhisk the eggs, milk, heavy cream, 12 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Whisk in the scallions,chiles and cheese. Pour the mixture into the piecrust and sprinkle with paprika. Place on the hot baking sheet in the oven and bakeuntil golden brown and set, 25 to 30 minutes.nToss the salad greens in a large bowl with the olive oil and lemon juice season with salt and pepper. Cut the quiche into wedges and serve with the salad.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [4 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 13 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 1 4.25ounce can chopped green chiles, drained, 12 cup grated pepper jack cheese about 2 ounces, 1 frozen 9inch deepdish piecrust, thawed, Paprika, for sprinkling, 1 5ounce package mixed salad greens about 8 cups, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon], title: Green Chile Quiche, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 1491: {instructions: In a tall glass, add minced mint leaves and a slice of lime to bottom of glass. Fill glass 23 of the way with ice. Add shot of simple syrup, shot of rum, and juice of 12 a lime. Stir together and finish off with a splash of club soda. Garnish with whole mint leaves and serve immediately., ingredients: [Mint leaves, minced, plus whole mint leaves, for garnish, 1 lime, 12 cut into slices and 12 juiced, 12 to 34 cup crushed ice, 1 shot simple syrup equal parts sugar and water heated until sugar dissolves, cooled, 1 shot white rum, Splash club soda], title: Kimbo Mojito, picturelink: null}, 1492: {instructions: Put the arugula on a platter. Arrange the orange slices in overlapping layers over the arugula, allowing some of the leaves to peek through. Scatter the chile pepper, onions and tarragon on top. Drizzle with the EVOO and sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [3 cups baby arugula, 4 navel oranges, peeled and sliced 14inch thick, 1 Fresno chile pepper, very thinly sliced with seeds, 12 small red onion, very thinly sliced, 4 sprigs fresh tarragon, leaves stripped and coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons EVOO, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Hot and Sweet Orange Salad, picturelink: M1iEb2ozeu9EKIHSfTARJO.P5Xkp9q.}, 1493: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the tomatoes, garlic and shallots and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and juicy, but with no color, about 5 minutes.nTransfer the mixture to a blender, add a few tablespoons olive oil, the parsley, vinegar, honey, oregano and red pepper flakes and blend until slightly chunky season with salt and pepper. If too thick, pulse in a bit more olive oil. Transfer the sauce to a bowl. Can be made 1 hour before and kept at room temperature.nPreheat the grill for high direct heat.nRemove the top shells of the oysters. Loosen the oysters from the bottom shells but do not remove, taking care not to spill the liquor. Put the oysters on the grill, cover and cook just until the edges start to curl, about 1 minute.nMeanwhile, wet the kosher salt with water just until it clumps together. Spoon little mounds of salt onto a large platter. Place a cooked oyster on each salt bed and top each with some vinaigrette. Scatter the parsley leaves over the platter and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 very ripe large beefsteak tomatoes, halved, seeded and coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 14 to 13 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus leaves for garnish, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano, 14 teaspoon red chile flakes or more if you prefer it really spicy, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 20 to 24 medium to large oysters, such as Blue Point or Gulf Coast, 2 cups kosher salt, for serving], title: Grilled Oysters with Fra Diavolo Sauce, picturelink: j3eYOtUNROfqZou6LdPZGDLWuV7CfX6}, 1494: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large wok or skillet over medium heat add 1 tablespoon of canola oil. Whisk the egg yolks in a small bowl and pour them into the hot pan. Cook until set, about 1 minute. Remove them from the pan to a plate and set aside.nReturn the pan to the stove over high heat and add the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil. Add the broccoli and bean sprouts, and stirfry until heated through, about 1 minute. Stir in the beef, rice and soy sauce. Season with pepper, to taste, and add the cooked egg. Toss and cook the mixture until hot, about 2 minutes. Transfer to serving dishes and garnish with sliced scallions.nCook the white rice according to package directions. Reserve 2 cups cooked rice for the online round 2 recipe, Beef Fried Rice.nThinly slice the chuck steak, about 14inch thick, across the grain. Cut the slices into 3inch long strips.nHeat the oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat. Toss the beef in the cornstarch and shake off excess. Fry the beef in 2 batches in the hot oil, turning once, until crispy and golden, about 2 minutes on each side. Remove the beef from the pan and set aside on paper towel lined plate. Carefully drain the oil from the wok or skillet.nIn a medium bowl add the marmalade, garlic, vinegar, ginger, soy sauce and orange juice and whisk until well combined. Add to the wok, over high heat, and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in the broccoli, reserving about 1 12 cups for round 2 recipe, Wonton Soup and online round 2 recipe, Beef Fried Rice. Cook the broccoli until slightly tender and the sauce is thick, about 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the beef, then transfer to a serving platter. Serve immediately with the white rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, divided, 2 egg yolks, 12 cup leftover broccoli from Crispy Orange Beef with Broccoli, recipe follows, 12 cup bean sprouts, 12 cup leftover beef, from Crispy Orange Beef with Broccoli, 2 cups leftover cooked rice from Crispy Orange Beef with Broccoli, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, 3 cups white rice, 1 14 pounds beef chuck steak, 12 cup canola oil, 14 cup cornstarch, 34 cup orange marmalade, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 1 tablespoon peeled and chopped ginger, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 cup orange juice, 1 head broccoli, cut into florets, stems sliced into 14inch rounds], title: Beef Fried Rice, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}, 1495: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Brush 2 rimmed baking sheets with olive oil. Put the eggplants, fleshside down, on one of the baking sheets, drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt. Toss the tomatoes, onion and garlic with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil on the other baking sheet dont crowd the pans or the vegetables will steam. Season with salt and pepper. Roast the vegetables until tender and browned in spots, about 45 minutes, rotating the baking sheets halfway through.nScoop the eggplant flesh from the skin into a saucepan, discarding any excess seeds. Add the remaining roasted vegetables, the chicken stock, thyme and cilantro and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer about 20 minutes. Cool slightly.nPuree the soup in a blender in batches if necessary until smooth. Return the soup to the saucepan and thin with more stock, if needed. Season with salt, pepper and chile powder. Ladle into bowls and garnish with fennel fronds slide the cotton candy into the soup to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 2 large eggplants, quartered lengthwise, Kosher salt, 2 large tomatoes, quartered, 1 medium onion, sliced 12 inch thick, 6 cloves garlic, Freshly ground pepper, 5 cups chicken stock, plus more if needed, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, Espelette chile powder, to taste, Fennel fronds, for garnish, VanillaCurry Cotton Candy, for serving], title: Charred Eggplant Soup, picturelink: 70MZZGIV.UJxVeueffK2IeyT0j.ArBm}, 1496: {instructions: Preheat your broiler to high. Place the corn on a baking sheet and roast under the broiler, turning every couple of minutes, until all sides are browned and even a little charred, about 6 to 8 minutes. Let the corn cool and then hold it by one end and slice down the cob with a knife to separate the kernels from the cob.nPlace the corn, tomatoes, parsley, and hearts of palm in a large bowl. Drizzle with some olive oil and season with salt and pepper and toss together. Scoop the salad into the radicchio cups and serve with lime wedges, ingredients: [1 ear of corn, husked, 4 medium tomatoes, cored, halved and thinly sliced, 2 cups chopped flat leaf parsley leaves, 1 14ounce can hearts of palm, drained, rinsed, and sliced into 12inch rounds, Extra virgin olive oil to taste, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 leaves of radicchio, for serving, Lime wedges for serving], title: Hearts of Palm Salad, picturelink: null}, 1497: {instructions: Heat olive oil in 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and brown chicken. Remove chicken and set aside.nAdd tomatoes to same skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, 6 minutes. Add wine and cook 1 minute. Stir in sauce. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low, then return chicken to skillet. Simmer covered 5 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked. Stir in basil. To serve, arrange chicken on platter and spoon hot sauce over chicken. Serve, if desired, with hot cooked pasta or rice., ingredients: [1 Tbsp. olive oil, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 114 lbs., 4 plum tomatoes, chopped, 13 cup dry white wine or chicken broth, 1 jar Bertolli Creamy Alfredo Sauce, 1 Tbsp. thinly sliced fresh basil leaves optional], title: Chicken Alfredo With Plum Tomatoes, picturelink: nCa4thC1KIKow2sngy24JjJkRrfMdSu}, 1498: {instructions: In a highball glass filled with ice, pour the orange liqueur, creme de cassis, lemon juice, and vodka. Top with club soda and stir. Garnish with a lemon slice and serve., ingredients: [Ice, 12ounce orange liqueur, recommended: Grand Marnier, 12ounce creme de cassis, Squeeze lemon juice, 1ounce vodka, Club soda, Lemon slice, for garnish], title: Pink Fizz, picturelink: rDUojqMyHOOIDx.ahKbOwQE9I5m2bH2}, 1499: {instructions: Make the crust: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spread the almonds on a baking sheet and bake until slightly golden, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool completely.nCombine the flour, 13 cup of the toasted almonds, the granulated sugar and salt in a food processor and pulse until finely ground. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal. Add 2 tablespoons ice water and pulse until the dough just comes together. Turn out the dough onto a piece of plastic wrap and form into a disk wrap tightly and refrigerate until slightly firm, about 15 minutes. Unwrap the dough and press evenly into the bottom and up the sides of a 9inch tart pan with a removable bottom. Freeze until firm, about 10 minutes.nPlace the tart pan on a baking sheet. Line the crust with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until the edge of the crust is slightly golden, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and continue baking until the crust is golden brown all over, 15 to 20 more minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool completely.nMake the glaze: Combine the diced peach, granulated sugar, lemon zest and juice, and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until the peach is soft and the glaze is thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove the lemon zest let the glaze cool.nMake the filling: Mix the ricotta, cream cheese, confectioners sugar and nutmeg in a bowl with a mixer until smooth spread evenly in the crust. Arrange the sliced peaches on top of the filling in concentric circles. Brush with all but about 1 tablespoon of the glaze. Gently toss the raspberries with the remaining glaze, then scatter on top of the tart along with the remaining toasted almonds. Serve immediately or cover and refrigerate up to 4 hours.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [For the crust:, 12 cup sliced almonds, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, For the glaze:, 1 peach, diced, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 wide strips lemon zest 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, For the filling and topping:, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup confectioners sugar, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 2 firm peaches, thinly sliced, 12 cup raspberries], title: Peach Melba Tart, picturelink: eCMVYAfM.q7nIRjiHKodOafhU6m3C}}