{15000: {instructions: Lay the tofu slices flat on a stack of paper towels top with more paper towels, then put a heavy skillet on top to press out the excess water, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, toss the coleslaw, radishes, cilantro, scallions, 1 tablespoon olive oil, the lime zest and half of the lime juice in a large bowl. Mix the yogurt with the remaining lime juice in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper.nBrush the tofu on all sides with the remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle with the taco seasoning. Heat a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, then add the tofu and cook until it begins to crisp, about 5 minutes flip and cook 2 more minutes. Cut into strips.nToast the tortillas in a dry skillet, 1 minute per side, or wrap in a damp towel and microwave 1 minute. Fill with the tofu, cheese and slaw, then drizzle with the yogurt sauce and salsa. Serve with the lime wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 ounces firm tofu, drained and cut into 8 slices, 4 cups shredded coleslaw mix, 1 small bunch radishes, thinly sliced, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 bunch scallions, sliced, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 limes 1 zested and juiced, 1 cut into wedges, 14 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon taco seasoning, 8 8inch wholewheat tortillas, 14 cup shredded partskim mozzarella or pepper jack cheese, 14 cup jarred salsa verde], title: Tofu Tacos, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 15001: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9inchsquare baking dish.nToss the cherries in a large bowl with 12 cup sugar, the rum, vanilla, cinnamon, salt and 2 tablespoons flour. Transfer to the prepared baking dish.nWhisk the remaining 14 cup flour, the oats, almonds and the remaining 14 cup sugar in a medium bowl. Stir in the melted butter until combined, then sprinkle the mixture over the cherries. Bake until the filling is bubbling and the topping is golden brown, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Let cool slightly before serving.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the baking dish, 6 cups pitted cherries thawed if frozen, 34 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons dark rum optional, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of salt, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 23 cup rolled oats, 13 cup sliced almonds], title: CherryVanilla Crisp, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 15002: {instructions: Melt sugar in pan until light brown, almost caramel. Add ginger and blend well. Add fivespice powder. Deglaze pan with lemon, soy sauce. Reduce until thick cool.nLay out the chicken breast cubes and spread a teaspoon of filling on each cube. Refrigerate. Once chilled, brush each piece with egg wash, and roll in chick pea flour. Pan fry each piece until golden. When cool enough to handle, pat dry. Brush each pillow with a bit of the glaze. Finish by sprinkling each pillow with ground sesame seeds and julienned scallions.nCombine all filling ingredients. Reserve. ., ingredients: [23 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons finely chopped ginger, Chinese fivespice powder, to taste, 1 cup lemon juice, 14 cup soy sauce, Salt, to taste, 10 ounces ground chicken, 4 fresh shiitake mushrooms, chopped, 2 scallions, freshly chopped, 1 egg white, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 water chestnuts, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon dry sherry, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, Salt, to taste, 30 1inch cubes chicken breast, Egg wash, Chick pea flour, Oil, for frying, Ground black and white sesame seeds, Scallions, julienned], title: FiveSpice Chicken Pillows, picturelink: null}, 15003: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring often, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes longer. Stir in the beans and tomatoes. Add just enough cold water to come slightly below the level of the beans. Increase the heat to high and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, season with salt and pepper, and cover. Cook, covered, stirring from time to time, until very tender, 20 to 25 minutes.nUse tongs to transfer the beans to a plate or platter. Place the skillet on top of the stove. Bring to a boil over high heat. Cook, stirring often, until the cooking liquid is reduced to about 1 cup. Return the beans to the skillet and season with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until heated through, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the mint and serve., ingredients: [canned tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup shredded fresh mint leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 pound green beans, trimmed, 3 to 5 plum tomatoes, seeded and finely chopped 1 12 cups, or 1 12 cups chopped drained], title: Stewed Green Beans with Tomato and Mint, picturelink: null}, 15004: {instructions: For the Tuscan fettunta: Rub each slice of bread with 12 a garlic clove. Drizzle the bread with olive oil and sprinkle with salt.nFor the cannellini bruschetta: Rub a garlic clove over each slice of bread. Mash half the beans and generously spread the cannellini beans on each slice of bread. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt.nFor the avocado bruschetta: Rub each slice of bread with 12 a garlic clove. Divide and spread the avocado on each slice of bread. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt., ingredients: [4 large slices country bread, toasted, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and halved, 14 cup50 ml extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt, 4 large slices country bread, toasted, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and halved, 2 cups500 ml cooked cannellini beans, 14 cup50 ml extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt, 4 large slices country bread, toasted, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and halved, 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and mashed, 14 cup50 ml extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt], title: Tuscan Fettunta and Le Bruschette: Tuscan Toasted Bread and Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 15005: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the fig spread: Bring the figs, 1 cup water, balsamic and sugar to a simmer in a small pot. Simmer until the figs rehydrate and the liquid reduces and thickens, about 15 minutes. Let cool. Once cool, place in a food processor and puree until smooth, 20 to 30 seconds.nFor the sandwich build: Preheat a griddle over mediumlow heat or heat a panini press. Slice 1 focaccia square in half. Place a thin layer of the fig spread on the inside of both halves. Place a couple slices of cheese on the bottom, and then place 4 ounces mortadella on top. Close and lightly brush the bread with olive oil. Griddle the sandwich until golden and warm, about 4 minutes a side. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nGrab daintily with one hand and bite like a maniac., ingredients: [2 cups dried figs, stems removed and halved, 34 cups balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 4 squares focaccia bread, 8 ounces Italian sharp cheese, such as Fontinella, or asiago, sliced, 1 pound mortadella, thinly sliced, Olive oil, for brushing], title: Mortadella and Fig Focaccianini, picturelink: I0Tw1pvAuPPjL1CqqY78NKoHUIpkpAu}, 15006: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the egg roll, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large skillet or wok over medium heat. Add the ginger and garlic and cook, stirring until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Add the pork and stir until it turns white, about 2 minutes. Transfer the pork to a plate and set aside. Add the scallions, carrot, and red pepper to the skillet. Cook, stirring, until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Add the cabbage, stock, and soy sauce. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until the liquid has evaporated and the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Return the pork to the skillet and let the contents of the skillet cool to room temperature. You should have about 2 cups.nLay the wrappers flat on a work surface. Brush the edges lightly with water. Top with about 1 tablespoon of the filling and roll into a cylinder, tucking in the sides and pressing the edges to seal. The egg rolls can be frozen at this point. Heat the remaining olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until almost smoking. Working in batches, add the rolls and cook, turning often with tongs, until golden brown on all sides, 5 to 7 minutes. Cool slightly before serving.nTo make the dipping sauce, combine the soy sauce, vinegar, sesame oil, and sugar in a small bowl. Stir well and serve on the side with the rolls.nYield: 12 cup, ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 {2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 12pound boneless pork chop, cut into thin strips, 2 scallions, white and 1 inch of the green parts, thinly sliced, 1 carrot, julienned, 1 large red bell pepper, julienned, 1 cup thinly sliced Napa cabbage, 14 cup chicken stock, preferably homemade, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 30 square wonton wrappers, Soy Sesame Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons Asian toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons sugar], title: Baby Egg Rolls with Soy Sesame Dipping Sauce, picturelink: Hw4I2xoCtlXgt4lUS.Ni92DSuBECS}, 15007: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, toss together 1 rounded teaspoon of salt, garam masala, cumin and some freshly ground black pepper to taste.nAdd the sweet potatoes to a large bowl, drizzle with enough olive oil to coat, and sprinkle with the spice rub. Toss well to coat evenly.nPour the sweet potatoes out onto a parchment paperlined baking sheet or a baking rack, making sure all the pieces are evenly spaced. Bake 30 to 35 minutes, flipping halfway through. Remove the potatoes from the baking sheet and serve immediately.nCombine the cinnamon sticks, cloves, green cardamom seeds, black cardamom seeds, if using, in a spice grinder or coffee grinder and grind until fine. Store the spice mix in an airtight container away from direct sunlight., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 34 teaspoon storebought or homemade garam masala, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled, and cut into 12inch slices, then again into 12inch sticks, Olive oil, 3 large cinnamon sticks if you have the kind you get at Indian stores, its about 3 tablespoons of cinnamon bark bits, 3 tablespoons whole cloves, 14 cup green cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 2 tablespoons of seeds, 4 large black cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 1 tablespoon of seeds, optional], title: Sweet Potato Fries, picturelink: Av8s1fqvZFFO8Oaa.bzAJ3Iew2zS2P6}, 15008: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a large saucepan, cover with cold water and season generously with salt. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until the potatoes are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and let cool slightly. Gently smash with a fork or potato masher.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl, whisk together the oil, parsley, mustard, vinegar, shallots and jalapeno. Season with salt and pepper. Add the potatoes and gently combine. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 12 pounds small yellow potatoes, halved or quartered if large, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons country Dijon mustard or Dijon mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon sherry or champagne vinegar, 2 small or 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped], title: Smashed Potato Salad, picturelink: V.l.7JDpdKsGbjiy7dqgAJykuIbJSG2}, 15009: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat four 9inch cake pans with cooking spray. Prepare the cake mixes divide the batter among the pans and bake and cool as directed. Meanwhile, prepare the gelatin as directed.nLevel the domed tops of the cakes with a long serrated knife. Stack 3 of the cakes on a small cardboard circle with a thin layer of chocolate frosting between each cake. Freeze at least 30 minutes.nPut the 3layer cake on an upsidedown cake pan so trimming will be easier. Using a small serrated knife, trim the bottom edge of the cake to round it out, then round out the top edge. Frost the top.nSet the remaining cake layer on top of the 3layer cake freeze at least 30 minutes. Trim around this layer at an angle, cutting inward so it resembles a shallow bowl.nCut and scoop out the center of the top cake layer, about 6 inches wide and 2 inches deep. Cover the inside of the hole with the white frosting.nDye the remaining chocolate frosting black. Cover the exposed cake with a thin layer of black frosting freeze about 20 minutes, then cover with the remaining frosting reserve about 1 tablespoon. Return the cake to the freezer.nOnce the gelatin is firm, stir until clumpy. Return to the refrigerator until ready to serve.nMake the flames: Using a paring knife, cut the gummy fruit slices in half to make 2 thinner slices. Press a few pieces of different colors together with your fingers as shown. Repeat to make about 20 flames.nPress the flames around the bottom of the cake. Cut off onethird of each doughnut. Using the reserved black frosting as glue, press the doughnuts into the sides of the cake for handles. Add the gelatin just before serving.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 16to18ounce boxes chocolate cake mix plus required ingredients, 2 3ounce boxes lime gelatin, 3 16ounce tubs dark chocolate frosting, 12 16ounce tub white frosting, Black food coloring, 10 to 12 pieces each yellow, orange and red gummy fruit slices, 2 mini chocolatecovered doughnuts], title: Cauldron Cake, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 15010: {instructions: In shallow pan, soak asparagus in buttermilk 12 to 24 hours. Remove from buttermilk, but do not rinse.nIn a large bowl, combine well the egg yolks, beer, flour, cornmeal, salt, cayenne pepper and black pepper. In large deep sided pot, heat oil to 350 degrees F. Meanwhile, in a large clean bowl with an electric mixer, beat egg whites to stiff peaks. Gently fold beaten egg whites into batter mixture. Dip spears, 1 at a time into batter, then carefully lay in oil. Do not overcrowd pan. Fry in batches, if necessary. Fry for 2 to 3 minutes, turning the spears with tongs to ensure even cooking. Drain on a paper towellined plate. Sprinkle with sea salt, to taste. Serve immediately with Aioli.nIn a food processor, combine all ingredients well. Refrigerate for 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [1 bunch medium asparagus, ends trimmed, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 eggs, separated, 34 cup beer, lager or pale ale, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup white cornmeal, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 4 cups peanut oil, Sea salt, Garlic Aioli, recipe follows, 1 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 lemon, zested, 4 tablespoons finely minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon leaves, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt], title: Beerbattered Asparagus with Garlic Aioli, picturelink: bylcgoGffMFXRJijqADaOISY9Li12RO}, 15011: {instructions: For the Cajun spice mix, combine ingredients and store in a jar until ready to use.nFor the salmon, heat a nonstick skillet to almost smoking. Coat 2 sides of salmon in spice mix. Add oil to skillet and place salmon, on a spiced side down in skillet, turn salmon to the other side when spices start to blacken. If you like well done, transfer skillet to a 375 degree preheated oven for 3 minutes.nFor the blueberry vinaigrette, In a small pan reduce the juices of the blueberries and orange by half. Let cool, add lemon juice and shallots, 12 teaspoon each, chopped zest of orange and lemon. Stir in olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Bring vinaigrette to room temperature before using.nFor the potatoes, put diced potatoes on a dish or in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Place in microwave on and cook on full power for 4 minutes. Take out and stir, then put it back in for another 2 to 4 minutes until potatoes are tender. Heat oil in skillet to 350 degrees and fry off potatoes until crisp, about 112 minutes. Drain and reserve oil and put the potatoes aside. Put skillet back on stove top and add 3 tablespoons of reserved oil, add onions and saute until they start to turn golden. Then add jalapenos, red peppers, thyme and garlic. Saute 2 minutes, then add potatoes back to skillet. Cook 3 to 4 minutes more, tossing to combine ingredients. Salt and pepper to taste and keep warm in oven., ingredients: [14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup cayenne pepper, 14 cup paprika, 14 cup garlic powder, 14 cup ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons dried thyme, 4  6 ounce pieces of salmon, 6 tablespoons Cajun spice mix, 1 tablespoon peanut oil or vegetable oil, 1 pint blueberries, juiced, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 large shallot, diced, 1 cup olive oil, Salt and fresh ground pepper, to taste, 1 pound Blue Peruvian potatoes, peeled and diced, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 jalapenos, seeded and diced, 1 red pepper, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, picked, 1 tablespoon garlic, chopped, 1 12 cups peanut or vegetable oil, Salt, to taste, Fresh ground pepper to taste], title: Blackend Medallions of Salmon Over Blue Home Fries and Blueberry and Citrus Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 15012: {instructions: Special equipment: cheesecloth and a deepfrying thermometernPrepare a grill for cooking over mediumhigh heat and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Sprinkle the fillets with some salt and pepper. Lightly oil the grill grates, and grill the fillets until grill marks form, then transfer to the oven and cook to desired doneness, 5 to 7 minutes.nPlace one fillet on each of 4 plates and place a stack of corn cakes next to each. Top with the Fried Lobster and drizzle with the Roasted Red Pepper Syrup and Hollandaise Sauce. Serve immediately.nIn a medium bowl, stir together the corn flour and baking powder set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, then the corn flour mixture, and finally the milk. Turn off the mixer and fold in the corn kernels, black beans and red pepper.nHeat a griddle over medium heat and butter the griddle. When the griddle is hot enough that a few droplets of water tossed at it sizzle immediately, ladle out the batter to make pancakes, and cook until small bubble holes start to appear across the surface. Flip and cook the underside. Repeat with the remaining batter.nPlace the lobster meat into the buttermilk and allow to sit. Meanwhile, stir together the cornmeal, Cajun seasoning, celery seed, garlic powder, onion powder and some salt and pepper.nFill a large Dutch oven halfway with some oil and bring the oil to 350 degrees F. Remove the lobster from the buttermilk, allowing the excess to drip off, then dredge the lobster in the seasoned cornmeal. Fry the lobster until cooked through.nPlace the red peppers in a blender and blend well. Add to a medium pot, along with the corn syrup, sugar and corncobs. Cook until the sugar is dissolved, then turn off the heat and let steep 10 more minutes. Dampen a large piece of cheesecloth with water and fold into quarters to make a large rectangle. Strain the syrup through the cheesecloth.nBlend the eggs together with the lemon juice, chipotles and hot sauce. While the blender is turned on, slowly add the butter in a thin stream until a thick creamy sauce forms. Season to taste with sea salt., ingredients: [Four 6ounce beef fillets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oil, for oiling grill grates, Corn Cakes, recipe follows, Fried Lobster, recipe follows, Roasted Red Pepper Syrup, recipe follows, Hollandaise Sauce, recipe follows, 4 cups corn flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 pound butter, plus additional for buttering the griddle, 2 cups sugar, 3 large eggs, 2 12 cups milk, 2 cups fresh corn kernels, cut from the cobs, 12 cup cooked black beans, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 2 lobster tails, meat removed from shells and diced, 4 cups buttermilk, 4 cups cornmeal, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, 1 tablespoon ground celery seed, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oil, for frying, Two 12ounce jars roasted red peppers, 3 cups light corn syrup, 1 cup sugar, Corncobs from corn used in the Corn Cakes, 16 large egg yolks, 4 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons minced chipotle peppers from a can of chipotles in adobo sauce, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 4 cups clarified butter, hot, Sea salt], title: Deep Fried Lobster Surf n Turf with Corn Cake Short Stack and Roasted Red Pepper Syrup, picturelink: null}, 15013: {instructions: Cook the pancetta in a large skillet over mediumlow heat until crispy, about 5 minutes. Add the shallot and garlic, cook 1 minute and then add the orange juice.nIncrease the heat to medium, add the peas and cook until tender, about 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and fold in the orange zest, parsley and butter. Taste for seasoning and add salt if necessary, though you shouldnt need much, if any, because the pancetta adds a natural saltiness to the dish.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [14 pound pancetta, diced 1 cup, 1 shallot, sliced, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Grated zest and juice of 1 orange, 3 cups shelled fresh peas about 1 pound, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Kosher salt], title: Peas and Pancetta, picturelink: ALyyoLKZWOSNWqDh2PzmB06.QMqsFKu}, 15014: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with foil and dot with 2 tablespoons butter.nButterfly the fish by cutting almost in half horizontally and opening like a book. Carefully cut and remove the spine. Place the fish, skinside down, on the foil. Roll up the edges of the foil to come close to the edge of the fish to prevent the juices from spilling onto the baking sheet. Sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the fish with the garlic powder and then with the tomato bouillon. Drizzle the fish with the hot sauce and then squeeze the limes over. Cut and squeeze the orange juice all over the fish. Then, using the flesh side of the orange, brush the fish all over to form a wet paste on top of the fish. Dot the fish with the remaining butter.nBake the fish until just cooked through, about 15 minutes. Turn on the broiler and broil until browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Serve with warm tortillas to make tacos and lime wedges for squeezing over the fish., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cubed, divided, 1 12 to 2 pounds whole Thai snapper, cleaned, head and tail intact, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon tomato bouillon, 1 teaspoon bottled hot sauce recommended: Huichol, 2 limes, halved, plus additional for serving, 1 orange, 6 6inch corn tortillas], title: Roasted SarandeadoStyle Whole Snapper, picturelink: PiasxNElJv2JXYAmEWXCXQbSos65ccO}, 15015: {instructions: For the beef:nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRoast the meat 15 minutes in a roasting pan. Remove, and cool. Thinly slice with a sharp knife.nMix the oil, lemon zest and juice, and basil in a bowl. Toss with the meat in a glass casserole. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, and spread the mixture out, cover, and refrigerate all day or overnight, turning once or twice. Serve at room temperature.nFor the potatoes:nBring a large pot of water to the boil. Salt it, as you would for pasta. Add the potatoes, and cook until tender when you test them with a fork. Drain. Toss the potatoes in olive oil, and season with salt and pepper, and serve.nFor the plate:nPlate some beef and potatoes side by side on a plate and enjoy, ingredients: [2 pounds beef fillet, at room temperature, 1 cup olive oil, 2 lemons zest of 1 lemon, and the juice of 2 lemons, 1 bunch fresh basil leaves, chopped, Fleur de sel and freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt, for the water, 2 pounds fingerling potatoes, scrubbed, Olive oil, Fleur de sel and freshly ground pepper], title: Basil Beef and Fingerlings with Olive Oil and Coarse Salt, picturelink: null}, 15016: {instructions: In a blender combine your apple juice, grape juice and honey dew. Blend 1 minute or until honeydew and juices are smooth. Pour into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with an apple slice., ingredients: [4 oz. chilled organic apple juice, 4 oz. white organic grape juice, 12 honeydew melon, remove seeds and rind, Apple slice, garnish], title: Apple Glow, picturelink: I7vswDdsU3gzgdJpnNpVbKtX2S.7eGm}, 15017: {instructions: For the choux balls: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F190 degrees C. Put 1 12 cups375 ml water, the butter, sugar and salt in a roomy saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and add the flour all at once, beating until it forms a ball and pulls away from the sides of the pan. Return the pan to the heat for a minute or two and beat to dry it out a little. Removing moisture will allow the paste to absorb more egg, which will ultimately make the puffs lighter.nRemove the pan from the heat. Beat in the eggs, the equivalent of one at a time, until fully incorporated. Do not try to add them at once because they cant be incorporated quickly enough, it makes a total mess, and furthermore you may not need all of them. After the third addition of egg, add only enough to make dough that will fall, glossy and heavy, from the spoon. Beat in the vanilla. Spoon the dough into a piping bag.nMix a bit of milk into any remaining egg if no egg left, use only milk. Have at the ready with a pastry brush for glazing. Pipe the dough into evenlysized about 1 inch2.5 cm balls on a nonstick baking sheet, leaving a good 2 inches5 cm between them so they have room to expand. Brush the tops with the glaze and press the snouts down with a fingertip. Bake until puffed up, light, dry and golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool on a wire rack, so they can breathe all around and will keep their shape and not go soggy.nFor the chocolate sauce: Heat the cream in a saucepan just to the boiling point. Turn off the heat, and add the chocolate. Let sit a minute to melt, and stir until smooth, adding more cream to thin, if needed.nFor assembling: Slice 12 choux balls in half reserve the remainder for another use. Put a scoop of vanilla ice cream on the bottom half of each, then replace the tops. Arrange 3 on each serving plate, and drizzle over chocolate sauce to each persons liking., ingredients: [34 cup170 g butter, 4 teaspoons sugar, Pinch salt, 1 12 cups185 g allpurpose flour, 6 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Milk, for glaze, 1 cup250 ml heavy cream, 8 ounces225 g bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 12 scoops vanilla ice cream], title: Profiteroles, picturelink: null}, 15018: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix all the above ingredients except for the saltines and bread crumbs. Blend in the coarsely broken saltine crackers and bread. Let rest in refrigerator for 1 hour. Form 3ounce balls or patties and brown both sides in a lightly oiled, heavy skillet.nCombine all ingredients in a medium sized bowl. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour to blend flavors. Served chilled.nYield: 1 34 cups of sauce, ingredients: [1 pound crawfish, 1 pound crabmeat, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon celery salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Creole mustard, 14 cup bell pepper, chopped, 14 cup celery, chopped, 12 cup chopped onion, 1 cup rice, cooked, 1 cup saltines, broken, 12 cup bread crumbs, 1 cup mayonnaise, 3 green onions, finely chopped, 1 celery stalk, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons horseradish, prepared and drained, 1 tablespoon chives, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 clove garlic, 12 teaspoon hot pepper sauce], title: Creole Crab and Crawfish Cakes, picturelink: null}, 15019: {instructions: Boil wonton skins in a large pot of water until al dente and drain well, Lay the wonton skins out on a waxed paper surface.nHeat the oil in a deep fryer to 375 degrees F or as instructed by the manufacturer for similar foods.nHeat the grape seed oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat until it shimmers, add the pork and season with salt and pepper. Cook until it begins to brown, stirring often. Spoon off any excess fat from the pan and add the scallions, ginger, and soy sauce. Cook until flavors are well integrated. Remove from heat and let rest.nCreate a slurry in a small bowl by gradually whisking 2 tablespoons water into the cornstarch.nSpoon 1 teaspoon of the cooked pork mixture onto each of the wontons. Fold each over to enclose and seal the edges shut with the cornstarch slurry.nAdd the filled wontons to the basket of a deep fryer in batches to keep them from being overcrowded and possibly sticking together. Fry for 2 to 3 minutes until golden brown and drain on paper towels.nServe warm with soy sauce., ingredients: [72 round wonton skins approximately 3inches in diameter, 2 to 3 liters canola oil, as needed for deep frying, 1 tablespoon grape seed oil, 34 pound ground pork, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced thinly on the bias, 1 tablespoon peeled minced fresh ginger root, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, plus more for serving, warmed, 2 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons cornstarch], title: Pork Pot Stickers: Gyoza, picturelink: null}, 15020: {instructions: Preheat a smoker to 250 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the Brussels sprouts: Toss the Brussels sprouts, olive oil, 2 tablespoons salt and 1 tablespoon pepper in a large mixing bowl and then spread out on a baking sheet. Roast until lightly charred and tender, 15 minutes. Remove from oven and toss in the sherry vinegar while warm.nFor the smoked sweet potatoes: Toss the sweet potatoes with the olive oil, brown sugar, red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons salt and 1 tablespoon pepper in a large mixing bowl. Spread evenly on a rack over a baking sheet and smoke for 20 minutes see Cooks Note. Finish cooking in the oven until fork tender but still with a little bite, 10 minutes.nFor the vinaigrette: In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, sherry vinegar, agave and mustard in a small bowl season with salt and pepper.nTo assemble the salad: In a large bowl, toss the Brussels sprouts with the sweet potatoes. Pour in the vinaigrette and toss well. Serve over a bed of arugula, shower with pecorino and scatter with Pickled Red Onions.nIn a medium sauce pan over mediumhigh heat, combine the beets, red wine vinegar, brown sugar, salt, peppercorns, bay leaf and 12 cup water. Bring to a boil and cook for 7 to 8 minutes. Place the red onions in a large mixing bowl and pour over the hot liquid. Allow to cool, then transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate. Remove the beets before serving. Keeps for 2 weeks in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Brussels sprouts, halved, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 4 large sweet potatoes, peeled, cut into large bitesize pieces, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons agave nectar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups lightly packed baby arugula, 12 cup grated pecorino, 14 cup Pickled Red Onions, recipe follows, 1 small red beet, quartered, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 3 to 4 whole black peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, 2 medium red onions, thinly sliced], title: Roasted Brussels Sprout and Smoked Sweet Potato Salad, picturelink: Sp3va1vz6aRX8VDJgO3scf3LWhRvMO}, 15021: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing tongs, place the bell peppers over a gas flame. Cook, turning occasionally, until the skins are charred on all sides, about 5 to 6 minutes. Alternatively, place the peppers on a baking sheet and broil for 5 to 8 minutes, until charred. Place the charred peppers in a medium bowl. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and allow the peppers to steam for 20 minutes. Under running water, peel away the charred skin from the peppers. Pat the peppers dry with paper towels. Remove the stem and seeds from the peppers and cut into 14inch thick slices. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the chicken stock, water, and kosher salt to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes.nWhile the pasta is cooking: In a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the turkey sausage and saute until cooked through, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the bell peppers, tomatoes, and red pepper flakes, if using, and cook until heated through, about 2 minutes.nDrain the pasta, reserving about 12 cup of the cooking liquid, and transfer to a large serving bowl. Add the sausage mixture, 1 tablespoon of the parsley, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss well to combine all ingredients, adding reserved cooking liquid, if needed, to loosen the pasta. Top with the ricotta salata and sprinkle with the remaining parsley. Serve., ingredients: [1 red bell pepper, 1 orange bell pepper, 1 pound orzo pasta, 3 cups chicken stock, 3 cups water, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 7 ounces 2 links mild Italian turkey sausage, casings removed, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 plum tomatoes, chopped, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, optional, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup ricotta salata cheese, crumbled], title: Orzo with Sausage, Peppers and Tomatoes, picturelink: N5thBFRSfPLfBcvJowuFtRpZywLkVeu}, 15022: {instructions: Special equipment: a 2 12 to 3inch round cookie cutternFor the cookies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment.nWith an electric hand mixer, combine the butter, granulated sugar and vanilla and beat on medium high until creamy. Show restraint by not eating too much of this mixture before you can make the cookies. Sift together the flour and salt, and then slowly add to the buttersugarvanilla mixture, mixing on low speed until just combined overmixing will cause the cookies to be chewy and gross. If your name is Alie Ward, eat half this dough mixture. Form the dough into a disk, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nRoll the dough between two pieces of plastic or parchment to 18 inch thick. Use a 2 12 to 3inch round cookie cutter to cut dough into 36 to 40 rounds, using a smaller cookie cutter to cut a hole in the center of half the cookies. Place the cookies on the prepared baking sheets about 2 inches apart and bake until the edges begin to brown, about 15 minutes. Cool on a wire rack until room temp.nFor the boozy marmalade: Mix the orange marmalade, orange liqueur and bitters in a small bowl until combined. Spread about one tablespoon of the mixture on each whole cookie, placing a cookie with the cutout on top. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and devour the cookies whole., ingredients: [12 ounces 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temp, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup orange marmalade, 1 tablespoon orange liqueur, such as Cointreau, 2 dashes bitters, such as Angostura, 14 cup powdered sugar, for sprinkling on top], title: Boozy Marmalade Shortbread Cookies, picturelink: null}, 15023: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRub the cut sides of the squash with 1 teaspoon of the olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Set the squash cutside down on a baking sheet. Cut the tops off of the garlic heads, exposing the cloves but leaving the heads intact. Set the heads on a large piece of foil, drizzle with the remaining 1 teaspoon of the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Wrap up the foil to make a pouch and place on the baking sheet with the squash. Bake until the squash is tender and the garlic soft and roasted, 35 to 40 minutes. Set aside to cool.nWhen the roasted garlic is cool enough to handle, press out the cloves and add them to a food processor along with the minced garlic, toasted pecans, 12 bunch parsley and 12 teaspoon salt. Pulse until the ingredients are pulverized. With the motor running, drizzle in the 14 cup olive oil. Add the Asiago and lemon juice and pulse until just combined.nShred the squash into a bowl using a fork and toss with 12 cup of the pesto. Season with salt and pepper. Serve garnished with chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 medium spaghetti squash, halved lengthwise, seeded, 14 cup plus 2 teaspoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 small heads garlic, plus 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 ounces pecans, toasted about 12 cup, 12 bunch parsley, with stems, plus 1 tablespoon parsley leaves, chopped, for garnish, 14 cup grated Asiago cheese, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice], title: Spaghetti Squash with Parsley and Pecan Pesto, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 15024: {instructions: In a pitcher filled with ice combine all ingredients, except apple and stir. Pour into martini glass. Garnish with apple., ingredients: [1 part white rum recommended: Bacardi, 1 part apple brandy, 1 part sweet and sour mix, 1 shot grenadine, 4 apple slices, for garnish], title: Apple Tarttini, picturelink: JxWGpFg.EHHpVG9DoLwJG5C1XZqUibK}, 15025: {instructions: To make the vanilla potatoes:nIn a medium saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons of butter until melted. Then add shallots and cook for about 3 to 4 minutes, or until soft. Pour in the white wine and deglaze the pan. Next, add the thyme and vanilla. Bring to a boil and continue boiling for 4 to 5 minutes or until the liquid is reduced by half of its volume. Add the cream and bring back up to a boil. Once at a boil, reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer for 4 to 6 minutes, or until the mixture thickens. Remove from the heat, season with salt and cool. Blend the cream mixture in a blender and strain through a fine mesh strainer, and then set aside. In a saute pan, over medium heat, melt 2 tablespoons of butter. Add the cooked potatoes and cipollini onions and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until warm. Add the cream mixture and cook for another 3 to 4 minutes so that the potatoes and onions get coated with cream. Set aside until ready to serve.nTo make the Piquillo Crab Sauce:nIn a medium saucepan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and cook until softened, about 2 to 3 minutes. Pour the white wine and lemon juice into the pan and stir to combine. Lower the heat to medium and add the smoked paprika and heavy whipping cream. Cook for 1 minute and then add the piquillo peppers, cooking for 1 minute more. Remove the pan from the heat, letting it cool briefly, and then pour mixture into a blender. Blend the red pepper mixture on low, then increasing to high, until smooth. Season the mixture with salt and then pour into a clean saucepan over medium heat and add the butter, gently stirring to combine. Add the crabmeat and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the crabmeat is heated through. Reduce heat to low and simmer sauce until ready to serve.nTo make the beef tenderloin:nPreheat an oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the beef tenderloin steaks on a clean work surface. Pat dry and then season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. In a large, ovenproof saute pan or skillet, add 2 tablespoons vegetable oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. When the oil shimmers, add the tenderloins and sear on 1 side, about 2 to 3 minutes. Flip steaks to cook on the second side and then immediately place the skillet in the oven to finish cooking, about 4 minutes more.nTo serve, spoon a portion of the Vanilla Potatoes on the center of a plate. Place a tenderloin steak on top of the potatoes and then spoon a portion of the Piquillo Crab Sauce on top of the steak., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 4 shallots, chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon thyme, chopped, 1 vanilla bean, seedless and cut lengthwise, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, Salt, 5 Yukon gold potatoes, sliced in 14 inch pieces ans boiled until tender, 6 cipollini onions, peeled and cooked until tender, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 shallots, chopped, 4 tablespoons white wine, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 1 cup piquillo Spanish roasted peppers, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup crabmeat, cleaned of all shells, Beef Tenderloin:, 6 8 to 10ounce bone in beef tenderloins, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: BoneIn Beef Tenderloin with Vanilla Potatoes and Piquillo Crab Sauce, picturelink: null}, 15026: {instructions: Special equipment: a meat malletnFor the steak rub: Combine the sugar, espresso powder, chile de arbol powder, coriander, cumin, granulated garlic, ginger, granulated onion and oregano in a small bowl until well mixed.nFor the steak: Pound the steaks with a meat mallet to an even thickness. Coat the steaks with the oil and then rub with the steak rub. Heat a large castiron skillet over high heat until very hot. Add enough oil to coat the pan. Place each steak in the hot pan and cook until browned, about 4 minutes per side for medium rare. Remove from the heat and allow to rest 5 minutes before slicing on the bias.nReduce the heat to mediumhigh. Place the limes cutside down in the hot pan and cook until slightly charred, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside until ready to serve.nFor the salsa: Place the cilantro, tomatoes, garlic and jalapeno in a medium bowl and stir to combine. Add salt, pepper and hot sauce to taste.nFor the eggs migas: Heat the tortillas directly over a flame or on a grill pan over high heat until heated through and just beginning to brown, about 1 minute per side. Remove from the heat. Slice the tortillas in half and then into 12inch strips the length of the strips will vary. Set aside.nTo a nonstick pan over medium heat, add the cold butter and cook until melted. Add the eggs and scramble slightly until beginning to come together but still runny, about 2 minutes. Add the tortilla strips and mix, cooking until the eggs reach desired consistency, 2 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nTop the sliced steak with some eggs and sprinkle with the chopped cilantro and spring onions. Serve with the salsa and charred limes on the side., ingredients: [1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon espresso powder, 2 teaspoons chile de arbol powder, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 2 teaspoons granulated onion, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, Two 8ounce hanger steaks, 1 tablespoon EVOO, plus more for the pan, 2 limes, halved, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 3 medium plum tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 small jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Hot sauce, for seasoning, 8 corn tortillas, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, 8 large eggs, beaten, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 1 bunch spring onions, thinly sliced on the bias], title: Steak and Eggs Migas, picturelink: YVvmnPhlJpQD3iW6HyIi.zLKaq7prq}, 15027: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nGrease and lightly flour two 9x2inch round cake pans, then line the bottoms with waxed paper.nTo make the cake: In a large bowl, sift together the flour and the ginger and set aside.nIn a large bowl, cream the butter and the sugar until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, beating until well combined. Beat in the maple syrup gradually. Add the flour mixture in thirds, alternating with the water, beating after each addition until smooth. Divide the batter between the prepared pans and bake for 3035 minutes or until a cake tester inserted into center of cake comes out clean.nLet cakes cool in pans for 10 minutes. Remove from pans and cool completely on wire rack.nTo make the frosting: In the top of a double boiler, combine first five ingredients. Cook over boiling water, beating constantly on the mediumhigh speed of an electric mixer, until mixture stands in peaks about 57 minutes. Remove the pot from heat. Add the vanilla and the maple extracts and continue beating 1 minute more until thick enough to spread.nWhen cake has cooled, ice between the layers. Sprinkle about 13 cup chopped walnuts over the frosting. Then ice top and sides of cake, sprinkling the top with the remaining chopped walnuts., ingredients: [3 34 cups selfrising flour, 12 teaspoon ginger, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 12 cups pure maple syrup, 34 cup hot water, 2 egg whites, 12 cup maple syrup, 34 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon maple extract, 1 cup chopped walnuts], title: Maple Walnut Layer Cake with Fluffy Maple Frosting, picturelink: null}, 15028: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine an 8 by 8inch baking pan or casserole with aluminum foil, with long flaps hanging over each edge.nFor the cookie: Put the butter in a heatproof medium bowl. Bring a saucepan filled with an inch or so of water to a very slow simmer over mediumlow heat. Set the bowl over, but not touching, the water. Once the butter is melted, add the sugar and cocoa, and stir to combine. Add the egg and cook, stirring constantly with a whisk, until warm to the touch and slightly thickened it should be about the consistency of hot fudge, about 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in graham crumbs, coconut and nuts. Press the dough firmly into the prepared pan. Save the pan of water for melting the chocolate.nFor the filling: Beat the butter, peanut butter and confectioners sugar together in a medium bowl with an electric mixer until light. Spread over the cookie and freeze while you prepare the chocolate glaze.nFor the glaze: Put the chocolate and butter in a medium heatproof bowl, and set over the barely simmering water. Stir occasionally until melted and smooth. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Alternatively, put the chocolate and butter in a medium microwavesafe bowl. Melt at 50 percent power in the microwave until soft, about 1 minute. Stir, and continue to heat until completely melted, about 1 minute more.. When cool but still runny, pour the chocolate layer over the chilled peanut butter layer and carefully smooth out with an offset spatula. Freeze 30 minutes.nTo serve, remove from the freezer and let sit at room temperature for 5 minutes. Pull out of the pan using the foil flaps and transfer to a cutting board. Cut into 1inch squares with a sharp knife. Serve cool or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup sugar, 13 cup cocoa, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 34 cups graham cracker crumbs, 1 cup shredded sweetened coconut, 12 cup finely chopped blanched almonds, 13 cup unsalted butter, softened, 13 cup peanut butter, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Peanut Butter Nanaimo Bar Canada, picturelink: gw96FoaO6J8WcDD1LcsUELwb4Uo02a2}, 15029: {instructions: If youre using sausage casings, the day before you plan to stuff the sausage, rinse the casings under cold water inside and out. Prepare a solution of 1 cup water to 1 capful of cider vinegar. Soak the casings in the solution overnight.nIn a large bowl, mix the pork with the garlic, sage, parsley, salt, fennel, oregano, thyme, pepper, and cayenne. Stir. If using casings, mix in the ice water if the meat mixture is too dry to stuff into the casings.nStuff the sausage mixture into the casings or make into loaves, sticks, or patties. If youre making sticks, links, or logs, it helps to use plastic wrap to form the meat into the desired shape. Hang stuffed casings for at least an hour in a cool, dry place and then refrigerate at least overnight but for no more than 5 days before using. Sticks, links, or logs can be cooked immediately.nYou can fry, smoke, or grill the sausage as desired., ingredients: [9 feet sausage casings optional, Apple cider vinegar optional, 5 pounds pork butt, coarsely ground twice or medium once, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 1 to 2 tablespoons rubbed sage, 1 tablespoon dried parsley, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, cracked, 1 teaspoon dried oregano leaves, 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 12 to 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 cup ice water, if needed, Barbecue sauce, Hot sauce such as Louisiana Hot Sauce or Texas Pete], title: Smoked Hot Links, picturelink: null}, 15030: {instructions: Beat 1 cup vegetable oil and 34 cup granulated sugar until fluffy beat in 1 teaspoon vanilla and 2 eggs. Whisk 2 12 cups flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda and 1 teaspoon salt, then stir into the oil mixture. Add 2 cups butterscotch chips and chill 30 minutes. Drop by tablespoonfuls and bake 14 to 16 minutes at 350 degrees., ingredients: [], title: Butterscotch Blondies, picturelink: Y638aZPM8q97vBnLG1XHAsEspF3E7BW}, 15031: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the tuna, mayonnaise, celery, onion, capers and the lemon juice in a bowl. Scoop onto lettuce leaves., ingredients: [One 5ounce can tuna, drained, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 small stalk celery, small dice, 1 tablespoon diced red onion, 2 teaspoons capers, drained, Juice of 14 lemon, Romaine lettuce leaves, for serving], title: Quick Tuna Salad in Romaine, picturelink: Z9pYaxJWV5CSIccueOozFUlsxxPoPNS}, 15032: {instructions: In a large sauce pan, over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil, onion, bell pepper, garlic cumin, paprika, salt, and pepper. Saute until the onion and peppers are tender, about 5 to 6 minutes.nAdd the wine, tomatoes, and bay leaves and cook for 10 minutes more. Reduce the heat and add the shrimp. Bring the mixture to a simmer and cook until the shrimp are fully cooked, about 6 to 8 minutes.nServe the shrimp mixture over the cooked brown rice and sprinkle the chopped cilantro over the top. Serve the dish with lime wedges and hot sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small onion, diced, 1 small green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup red wine, 1 14ounce can peeled tomatoes, 2 bay leaves, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 cups cooked brown rice, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 small limes, cut into wedges, Hot sauce, to serve], title: Enchilado de Camarones, picturelink: VQBMhGELszf6BJOidRuX9MsG2uHxW4G}, 15033: {instructions: In a large saute pan set over moderately high heat, heat olive oil. Add chopped carrot, celery, onion, and garlic and saute until vegetables are tender. Add ground veal and cook, stirring, until meat is cooked through.nIn a clean spicecoffee grinder, pulverize bay leaf, red pepper flakes, and fennel seeds. Add spice mixture to saute pan. Add tomato sauce to saute pan. Cook, stirring, until almost all the liquid is evaporated, for about 2 minutes. Add chopped parsley and pine nuts. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPut 1 wonton wrapper on a lightly floured surface, mound 1 tablespoon of the filling in the center of the wrapper, and brush the edges with water. Put a second wrapper over the first, pressing down around the filling to force out the air, seal the edges well, and trim the excess dough around the filling with a 2 12inch cutter or sharp knife. Make wonton ravioli with the remaining wrappers and filling in the same manner, transferring them as they are formed to a sheet pan lightly sprinkled with cornstarchnBring a kettle of boiling salted water to a gentle boil and in it cook the ravioli in batches for 2 minutes, or until they rise to the surface and are tender. Do not let the water boil vigorously once the ravioli have been added. Transfer the ravioli as they are cooked with a slotted spoon to a dry kitchen towel or paper towels to drain and keep them warm.nPreheat oven to 200 degrees F. Lightly brush a baking sheet with olive oil and arrange the tomato slices and garlic cloves in one layer. Sprinkle tomatoes and garlic with olive oil and season with thyme, salt and pepper. Drizzle with white wine. Roast the tomatoes and garlic for 1 12 hours. Transfer tomatoes and garlic to a blender and puree until smooth. Add stock to achieve desired consistency. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Add chiffonade of basil. Reserve sauce and keep warm.nWine Suggestion: Villa Antinori Chianti, ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 small carrot, finely diced, 1 celery stalk, finely diced, 1 small onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound ground veal, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 12 cup canned tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons toasted pine nuts, 40 round wonton wrappers, thawed if frozen and covered loosely with a damp paper towel to prevent drying, Slow Roasted Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds plum tomatoes, cored and halved, 5 large garlic cloves, peeled, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 18 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, 12 cup chicken or vegetable stock, or canned broth, 14 cup chiffonade fresh basil leaves, thyme leaves, or purple sage, for garnish], title: Veal Ravioli, picturelink: V486q9xXkt8DQEpYT5HcbccmpRf9QRi}, 15034: {instructions: With a hot broiler, grill or frying pan, sear the briskets until theyre well browned and crispy. Wash and cut the vegetables into a large, rough dice and place in the bottom of a large covered pan squarehead. Add the beef, seasonings and stock. Cover and place in a preheated 375 to 400 degree oven and bake for about 6 hours. Check the meat with a meat fork. The briskets should be extremely fork tender practically falling apart. When done lift from the stock with a fork and a spatula underneath to a holding pan to cool slightly.nMeanwhile  into a large plastic food bucket, strain the vegetables and stock through a medium hole china cap sieve. Using a mallet or ladle squeeze some of the vegetable pulp through into the stock for flavor and texture. Discard the squeezed veggies. Cool the stock so the fat will rise to the top.nWhile the meat is still warm cut out the large pieces of meat separating it from the fat layer in the middle. Scrape off any excess soft fat and discard it. Keep the meat pieces pot roast to eat soon or refrigerate them.nTo Make Gravy: Heat the Pot Roast Stock separately. In a large heavy saucepan heat the beef fat, boiling out any water particles takes a couple minutes. Make a roux by whisking in the flour and cornstarch stirring constantly  cooking a few minutes. Continue stirring it could burn browning slightly is okay. It adds color to the gravy. Add some of the hot stock gradually. Stir swiftly to break up lumps and make a smooth paste. Add more stock to thin to the desired consistency. Let simmer 20 to 25 minutes, stirring occasionally. Check for color, taste and thickness. Adjust color if desired with a few drops of Gravy Master or Kitchen Bouquet. Add salt and pepper and more stock if needed.nGarnish: Simmer carrots, celery and onion in a little stock to soften slightly. Cool until needed. Dip in stock to reheat and arrange on top of gravy on the meat.nSlowly reheat Pot Roast in hot stock. Remove from stock to a cutting board. Slice the meat thinly on the bias against the grain of the meat. Arrange on the plate, ladle on the gravy and garnish with the julienne vegetables, if desired. Serve with fresh mashed potatoes and a vegetable. This is a meal to enjoy., ingredients: [2 Fresh raw Briskets about 22 pounds preferably Certified Black Angus Beef they come about 11 pounds each, 2 12 pounds onions, 2 12 pounds carrots, 2 pounds celery, 3 gallons beef stock, approximately, 2 teaspoons herb de Provence, seasoning blend, 1 teaspoon dry thyme, or fresh if available, 3 bay leaves, Salt and black pepper sprinkle generously unless using some form of bouillon for stock that is already salty, 1 gallon pot roast stock, 1 cup beef fat, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornstarch, for shine, Garnish: Julienne carrots, celery and onion just a few for presentation], title: New England Pot Roast and Gravy, picturelink: null}, 15035: {instructions: Whisk 13 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, some chopped fresh dill and chives and 1 teaspoon each caraway seeds and celery salt. Toss in 1 thinly sliced fennel bulb and 12 head thinly sliced red cabbage. Season with salt and pepper chill 20 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: FennelCabbage Slaw, picturelink: NUZlwiJgpia2I9xRew2LzWFoZXIexK}, 15036: {instructions: Coat a sheet pan with olive oil. Combine 18 cup of olive oil, garlic, sea salt, pepper and peaches in a shallow bowl. Coat each lamb pop the peach mixture, arrange them on the sheet pan and let marinate for 1 hour. Put the lamb into the oven and roast for about 8 to 12 minutes.nIn a small mixing bowl, add the roasted garlic. Using the back of a metal spoon, smash the garlic until soft. Add the mayonnaise, lemon juice, basil, and sea salt. Mix together with a small spoon or a small whisk until fully incorporated. Arrange the lamb pops on a serving platter and serve with the aioli., ingredients: [18 cup olive oil, plus more for pan, 4 cloves fresh garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 cup chopped roasted white peaches soft, 8 lamb pops chops, 2 cloves garlic, roasted, 1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped spicy Chinese basil leaves, 12 teaspoon sea salt, Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.], title: Peach Marinated Lamb Pops with Spicy Chinese Basil Aioli, picturelink: null}, 15037: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSift together the flour, baking powder, spices and salt and set aside.nIn a small saucepan combine the butter, honey, sugar, lemon juice and the lemon and orange zest. Bring this to medium heat and cook until the butter has melted and the sugar has dissolved. Let cool to about room temperature and beat in the eggs.nMake a well in the flourspice mixture and add the eggsugar mixture. Using a fork, begin to gradually incorporate the flour into the egg mixture. When the flour has mostly been incorporated, turn the mixture out onto a clean work surface and gently knead until the mixture is smooth and homogenous. Knead in a little more flour if the dough seems sticky. Chill dough for 1 hour or overnight.nUsing a rolling pin, roll the dough to an even thickness of about 14inch. Cut into desired shapes with cookie cutters. Place on a lightly greased or parchment lined cookie sheet and bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until the cookies are firm and lightly browned. Let the cookies cool for 3 to 4 minutes and transfer to a cooling rack.nWhen the cookies are completely cool decorate as desired.nCooks Note: If you are planning to hang the cookies, make a hole for the string before baking., ingredients: [6 cups allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon allspice, 1 tablespoon ginger, Pinch salt, 5 tablespoons butter, 34 cup honey, 1 34 cups sugar, Juice of 2 lemons, Zest of 1 lemon, Zest of 1 orange, 2 eggs], title: Gingerbread Cookies, picturelink: null}, 15038: {instructions: Cut chicken wings at the joint, discarding the outermost bony portion of the wing. Rinse the wings, let dry and set aside. Place oil in a large stockpot and place on stovetop over a mediumhigh heat. Be very careful when deep frying in the kitchen, and pay careful attention to how the oil looks. If the oil is smoking when there is nothing in the pot then the oil has gotten too hot, turn off the heat immediately and cover the pot if you can. Let the oil cool and start over again. Never place anything in heated oil that is dripping wet unless it is a batter.nPlace dried chicken wings in heated oil in batches so that the oil temperature stays constant. Cook the wings until they are golden brown and the meat starts to pull away from the bones. Remove the wings from the hot oil with a slotted spoon into a mixing bowl. Add enough red pepper sauce to evenly coat the wings, and place wings in broiler pan. Crisp wings under broiler quickly and serve with Gorgonzola Cilantro dressing.nIn a mixing bowl place mayonnaise, sour cream, Gorgonzola cheese, salt and cilantro. Let sit for at least 1 hour before serving so that the flavors meld together. Serve with carrots and celery along with the spicy chicken wings., ingredients: [5 pounds chicken wings, 12 gallon peanut or vegetable oil, Large bottle red pepper sauce, Gorgonzola Cilantro dressing, recipe follows, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup sour cream, 6 to 8 ounces Gorgonzola cheese, cut and crumbled, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 6 carrots, peeled and cut for dipping, 6 stalks celery, cleaned and cut for dipping], title: Spicy Chicken Wings with Gorgonzola Cilantro Dressing, picturelink: null}, 15039: {instructions: In large bowl, break up cookie dough. Stir or knead in flour until well blended. Shape dough into 10inch log wrap in plastic wrap. Freeze 30 minutes.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F. Remove dough from freezer. Flatten dough down center with handle of wooden spoon. To form boot shape, with fingers, flatten one side of log until about 34 inch thick. See photo. Cut log into 38inch slices. On ungreased cookie sheets, place slices 2 inches apart. Flatten slightly with fingers.nBake 8 to 11 minutes or until edges are light golden brown. Immediately remove from cookie sheets to cooling racks. Cool completely, about 15 minutes.nSpread frosting on cookies. Place small amount of frosting along bottom edge of each cookie attach candy canes to form skate blades, breaking off portion of tip of curved end, if necessary. With green gel, pipe laces and outline on skates. Use candy sprinkles to decorate skates.nSkip the candy cane skate blade and decorate these tasty cookies as winter boots., ingredients: [12 roll 16.5 oz size Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated sugar cookies, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 container 1 lb creamy white creamy readytospread frosting, 30 small candy canes, Green decorating gel, Red candy sprinkles], title: Cookie Skates, picturelink: null}, 15040: {instructions: Chop the salt pork into chunks and render it down in a pan until its crispy like bacon.nSplit the venison shank into 2 large pieces, and then chop the venison ham meat and shank into large chunks. Add the venison to the salt pork in the pan and brown the meat, about 10 minutes. While browning, add the garlic powder, chile flakes and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Next, add 2 tablespoons of the flour to the meat and mix it in to form a sort of gravy. Remove the meat and set it aside.nAdd the oil, butter and remaining 4 tablespoons flour to the empty pan and cook over medium heat to form a roux. Stir, and allow the roux to cook until it changes color from tan to brown.nAdd the beef stock and 2 cups water to the roux and bring it to a boil. Then add in the venison meat and cook it for 5 to 10 minutes, until the meat is threequarters of the way cooked. Finally, add in the potatoes, oregano, peppercorns, bay leaves, carrots, celery and onions. Cook this until the meat falls off the shank bone, about 1 hour., ingredients: [2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup oil, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 cups beef stock, 1 pound whole new potatoes, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon whole peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 2 large carrots, chopped in large chunks, 12 cup salt pork, 1 pound venison shank, 2 pounds venison ham meat, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon chile flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Venison Stew, picturelink: null}, 15041: {instructions: To make hot fudge:nMelt butter in a medium saucepan. Add whipping cream and bring to a rapid boil be careful not to burn. Add both brown and granulated sugars and cook over low to medium heat, until sugar has dissolved. Add the salt and the cocoa to mixture, simmer for 10 minutes more, stirring constantly. This is enough fudge for 6 generous portions u00bf any unused fudge has a life of about 7 days refrigerated.nTo make crispy shell see Cooks Note: Using a large soup ladle and a metal strainer with a handle similar size to ladle, wrap flour tortilla around the bottom of the ladle into a bowl shape and hold to the ladle with the strainer. Fry the tortilla in hot oil in a saucepan or deep fryer until crispy. Dust with powdered sugar and cinnamon.nTo assemble:nScoop 3 scoops of ice cream into a shell. Top with your desired amount of hot fudge. Add whipped cream, nuts and cherry and serve. Repeat for multiple shells there is enough hot fudge for 6 generous portions., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 13 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, Dash salt, 1 tablespoon Dutch cocoa highly recommended: Drostes, 6 flour tortillas, Vegetable oil enough to fill a medium saucepan or deep fryer, 14 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 quart vanilla bean ice cream, 1 can light whipped cream, Chopped peanuts, 6 maraschino cherries], title: Hot Fudge Hat, picturelink: CDaRVXY7.ZUMYtJTwSaAkmz52.QamBW}, 15042: {instructions: Combine the dried porcini mushrooms and chicken stock in a small saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil, then turn the heat off and let sit for 10 to 15 minutes. Pull the mushrooms out of the liquid, reserving the stock, letting any grit from the mushrooms settle to the bottom of the saucepan. Slice the mushrooms into strips and set aside.nThoroughly pat the steaks dry with a paper towel. Heat a 12inch castiron skillet over high heat until very hot, about 3 minutes. Drizzle a light coating of oil over each side of steak. Sprinkle the steaks generously with salt and pepper. Insert an instant read digital thermometer into the side of one of the steaks, set it to sound its alarm at 100 degrees F. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of oil into the pan, this helps create a great crust on the steaks.nPlace the steaks in the pan, leaving room in between each steak. Cook the steaks without moving for 3 minutes. Using tongs, flip the steaks and cook until the thermometer goes off, about another 4 minutes for rare, 5 minutes for mediumrare and 6 minutes for medium. Remove the steaks to a plate and cover loosely with foil. Let the steaks rest for at least 5 minutes while making the pan sauce.nAfter removing the steaks from the skillet, add the porcini mushrooms, garlic and shallots. Cook for 3 to 5 minutes. Add the Marsala wine and the reserved mushroom liquid, being careful to let any grit stay in the bottom of the pan. Bring the sauce to a boil and reduce by half. Turn off the heat and whisk in the butter until it is melted and sauce has thickened. Add the thyme and season with salt and pepper.nSpoon sauce over steaks, top with the chopped chives. Serve immediately with the Potato Fennel Puree.nPlace the fennel and potatoes into a medium saucepan and cover with the milk and cream. Add the bay leaf and season with a good amount of salt. Bring the mixture to a boil over mediumhigh heat and cook until the potatoes are tender or until a knife inserts into center of a potato chunk with no resistance, 15 to 20 minutes.nOnce the vegetables are tender, strain them out of the pan using a spider or a slotted spoon. Transfer them into a food processor, add the butter and start the pureeing process. Add just enough of the cooking liquid until the puree becomes smooth and creamy. Season with more salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 12 ounces dried porcini mushrooms, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 4 8ounce filet steaks, 1 12 inches thick, at room temperature, Canola or vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 small shallot, minced, 12 cup Marsala wine, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, Potato Fennel Puree, for serving, recipe follows, 2 large fennel bulbs, cleaned, cored and cut into large chunks, 2 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into large chunks, 2 cups milk, 1 cup cream, 1 dried bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons butter], title: Classic Filet with PorciniMarsala Pan Sauce, picturelink: BMrkpcXhA4wMHXvFl7n9boeVaov.bG}, 15043: {instructions: In a large Dutch oven, add the bacon to the pan over medium heat and cook until the fat begins to render. When the bacon is almost crisp, add the onions and sweat for 3 minutes. Add the garlic and sweat for an additional minute.nRemove the tough stems of the greens and discard. Roughly chop the greens and tender stems and add them to the pan with the chile flakes and a large pinch of salt. Cover and cook over low heat for 10 minutes.nRemove the lid and add the vinegar and sugar. Put the lid back on and cook for an additional 30 minutes.nRemove from the heat and check your seasoning if its not spicy enough for you, add your favorite hot sauce to taste., ingredients: [1 pound bacon, diced, 2 Spanish onions, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, sliced thin, 1 pound collard greens, 1 pound kale, 1 pound mustard greens, 1 pound Swiss chard, 1 teaspoon red chile flakes, 1 large pinch salt, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, Your favorite hot sauce I love Sriracha], title: Sherlas Southern Greens, picturelink: null}, 15044: {instructions: HEAT oven to 325 degrees F. Combine graham cracker crumbs, sugar and butter in medium bowl press firmly into bottom of ungreased 9inch springform pan.nBEAT cream cheese until fluffy in large bowl. Gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk until smooth. Add pumpkin, eggs, maple syrup, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt mix well. Pour into prepared pan.nBAKE 1 hour 15 minutes or until center appears nearly set when shaken. Cool 1 hour. Cover and chill at least 4 hours. Top with Maple Pecan Glaze.nCOMBINE syrup and cream in medium saucepan bring to a boil. Boil rapidly 15 to 20 minutes or until thickened stir occasionally. Add pecans. Cover and chill until served. Stir before serving.nCalories 647,Total Fat Grams41.1,Calories From Fat 370,Saturated Fat Grams 22.9,Saturated Fat Grams Pct DailyValue 114,CholesterolMilligrams 166,SodiumMilligrams 513,Sodium Milligrams Pct Daily Value 21,Total Carbohydrates Grams 45.2,Total Carbohydrates Grams Pct Daily Value 15,Dietary Fiber Grams 2,Dietary Fiber Grams Pct Daily Value 8,Sugars Grams 36.1,Protein Grams 9.2,Protein Grams Pct Daily Value 18,Vitamin A Pct Daily Value 183,Calcium Pct Daily Value 13,Thiamin Pct Daily Value 9,Niacin Pct Daily Value 14,Vitamin C Pct Daily Value 3,Folate Pct Daily Value 14,Magnesium Pct Daily Value 10,nNutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based on available nutrient data, ingredients: [1 14 cups graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup butter, melted, 3 8 oz. packages cream cheese, softened, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 15 oz. can pumpkin 2 cups, 3 large eggs, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup pure maple syrup, 1 cup 12 pint heavy cream, 12 cup chopped pecans], title: Maple Pumpkin Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 15045: {instructions: For the salsa: Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. When it shimmers, add tomatillos, onions, jalapeno, and garlic, and cook until tomatillos and onions are softened, about 7 minutes. Transfer mixture to a blender, add cilantro, vinegar, and salt, and puree until sauce is smooth. Yields about 2 cups salsa.nFor the eggs: Bring at least 3 inches of water to a simmer in a medium pot and stir in vinegar. Break each egg into a separate small cup. Fill a large bowl with warm water and set aside. Gently slide eggs into the simmering water, 1 at a time. Cook until whites are just set, about 2 to 3 minutes. Lift eggs out of the water with a slotted spoon. Place in a bowl of warm water to keep warm while finishing the dish.nFor the tortillas: Heat oil in a large heavy bottomed pan over mediumhigh heat to 350 degrees F. When oil is ready, add tortillas 1 at a time and fry until golden brown and crisp on both sides, about 1 minute. Transfer to a papertowellined plate and season immediately with salt.nTo serve: For each serving, place down 2 corn tortillas, place 2 eggs on top, drizzle with salsa, and sprinkle with cheese. If desired, top with a dollop of sour cream and slices of avocado. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 pound tomatillos, husked, rinsed, and quartered or 2 12ounce cans tomatillos, drained, 14 cup finely chopped yellow onion, 1 medium jalapeno chile, stemmed, halved, seeded, and finely chopped, 2 medium garlic cloves, halved, 12 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons white vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 large eggs, 2 to 3 teaspoons white vinegar, 8 corn tortillas, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 ounces cotija cheese, crumbled can substitute feta, Sour cream and sliced avocado, optional], title: Huevos Rancheros with Tomatillo Salsa, picturelink: kZ3Xj7y8QrFs0zV1.uJKem8EORYgIAG}, 15046: {instructions: Soak fillets in milk for 20 minutes. Remove from milk and pat dry.nSeason fillets with salt and pepper.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil over moderate heat in each of 2 large saute pans until hot.nPut flour into a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. Dredge fillets in flour, shaking off any excess flour. Dip the fillets back into the milk and then again into the flour. Place fillets in saute pans and cook over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes per side, until golden brown and crispy. Transfer fillets from pans to a platter, sprinkle with parsley.nWipe the skillet clean and add the butter. Heat until the butter begins to brown. Remove from heat and stir in balsamic vinegar. Pour sauce over fish and serve. Garnish with lemon slices., ingredients: [4 6ounce sole fillets, skin removed, 2 cups milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup flour, Salt, pepper, 4 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 to 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, or to taste, Lemon slices, for garnish], title: Sole Meuniere with Balsamic Brown Butter Sauce, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 15047: {instructions: First, pour the vanilla syrup into the bottom of a cup. Sprinkle a small amount of cinnamon on top of the syrup. Add both espresso shots and mix well. Add the steamed milk until cup is 34 full, holding back foam. Top off the drink with velvet foam from steamed milk. Garnish with cinnamon., ingredients: [1 ounce vanilla syrup, Ground cinnamon, 2 1 14ounce shots espresso, 12 ounces milk, steamed to 150 degrees F], title: Grande Appassionato Rush, picturelink: null}, 15048: {instructions: Combine vodka, vermouth, gin, curacao and cherry brandy in a pitcher. Fill with ice and stir to chill. Strain mixture into a highball glass filled with ice. Add one or two small slices each of peach, apricot and strawberry and two or three of each type of berry to the middle of the glass and some on top. Add bitters. Add ginger ale and lemonade. Garnish with mint leaves and lemon rind., ingredients: [1 12 oz. vodka, 1 12 oz. sweet red vermouth, 1 oz orange curacao, 12 oz. gin Tanguary No. 10, if possible, 12 oz. cherry brandy, 12 dashes bitters, 2 oz. ginger ale, 2 oz. lemonade sparkling, if possible, Splash club soda only if sparkling lemonade is unavailable, Assorted summer fruits, sliced peach, apricot, blueberries, raspberries, strawberries], title: Summer on the Porch Punch, picturelink: null}, 15049: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nCombine soy sauce, sugar, green onions, sesame seeds, sesame oil, and ko chu jang with ribs and marinate for 30 minutes to 1 hour. Grill over charcoal barbecue grill.nNote: Adjust sweetness or spiciness by adding more or less of either sugar or ko chu jang sauce., ingredients: [1 cup soy sauce, 12 cup sugar, 18 cup sliced green onion, 1 tablespoon white sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons ko chu jang Korean hot pepper sauce, 1 12 pounds short ribs have your butcher cut 18inch thick slices of short ribs, bone attached], title: Korean Style Barbecue Short Ribs, picturelink: C4JPLfxMQ5ipFqwtnD4VoKQyaGwECC}, 15050: {instructions: Add the cream and wine to a saucepan and heat over medium heat. Cook until the liquid is warm and there are bubbles forming on the edges of the pot, about 3 minutes. Stir in the sugar until it is totally dissolved and allow the mixture to come to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and stir in the butter until melted. Turn off the heat and add in the chocolate, allowing it to sit for a minute. Then stir constantly until the chocolate is completely melted. Stir in the vanilla extract and salt. You can use it right away, but I like to let this sit for an hour at room temperature to thicken even more., ingredients: [34 cup heavy cream, 34 cup red wine I used a pinot noir, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Red Wine Hot Fudge Sauce, picturelink: VEs7zeCVH9jt9pFEmf5jOWw2a3EI0Hi}, 15051: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F and prepare vegetables.nIn a large roasting pan, add potatoes, carrots and Brussels sprouts. Add olive oil and salt, and toss thoroughly. Roast in oven for 20 minutes,nAdd garlic, shallots, and toss with oil in bottom of pan. Roast for 20 more minutesnAdd bell peppers, olives, fresh herbs and black pepper. Toss with the oil in the pan and return to oven.nCook for 20 to 40 minutes longer, turning once or twice or until vegetables are nicely browned but not charred. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 medium potato any kind, skin on, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 yam, skin on, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 carrot andor parsnip, peeled and sliced into 12inch slices, 6 brussels sprouts, 1 tablespoons olive oil, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 head garlic, cloves separated and skins removed, 2 large shallots, peeled and quartered, 1 yellow bell pepper, cut lengthwise into 14inch strips, 1 red bell pepper, cut lengthwise into 14inch strips, 12 cup Calamata olives, pitted, 14 cup fresh rosemary or thyme, stems removed, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Winter Vegetables with Rosemary and Calamata Olives, picturelink: null}, 15052: {instructions: Combine milk, cocoa mix, crushed peppermint stick and schnapps, if desired, in a large mug and stir well. Garnish with a peppermint stick., ingredients: [2 cups warmed milk, 1 serving cocoa mix, 1 tablespoon crushed peppermint stick, 2 ounces peppermint schnapps, optional, 1 peppermint stick], title: Peppermint Hot Chocolate, picturelink: jRr.GWSDQH5bdssKdUwHo.rnUGLaxVG}, 15053: {instructions: Combine wine, Truviau00ae Spiced Simple Syrup, sparkling water,orange juice and fruit slices and stir briskly. Serve over ice in large red wine glasses., ingredients: [1 bottle 750 ml red wine, 34 cup Truviau00ae Spiced Simple Syrup, 3 cups sparkling water, Juice of 1 orange about 14 cup, 1 orange, thinly sliced, 1 lemon, thinly sliced, 1 lime, thinly sliced, 2 cups ice cubes, Truviau00ae Spiced Simple Syrup makes 1 cup:, 1 cup water, 14 cup Truviau00ae natural sweetener, spoonable, 6 whole cloves, 6 whole black peppercorns, crushed, 3 whole allspice berries, crushed, or 14 packets of Truviau00ae natural sweetener, 1.Place all of the ingredients in a medium saucepot, stir, 2.Place on high heat, bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer 5 minutes, 3.Remove from heat, allow to cool completely, 4.Pour syrup through a strainer to remove spices, 5.Pour syrup into a jar with lid and store refrigerated. Shake before using.], title: Red Sangria, picturelink: Wx2Tm4398WYTMOtMRLz3KHLVzYFkTJ.}, 15054: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium size saucepot, combine the milk, vanilla, cinnamon, and 2 ounces of the sugar and bring to a boil.nPlace the egg yolks in a separate bowl. When the milk is ready, whisk in the egg yolks with the remaining 2 ounces of the sugar, cornstarch, and flour. Mix well until everything is incorporated. Slowly add the hot milk to the egg yolk mixture and whisk constantly. Pour the mixture back into the pot and place it on medium heat. Whisk constantly until it becomes thick and it comes to a boil, then remove from heat.nAdd the Camembert to the hot mixture and melt it completely. If needed, place the pot back on the stove to melt the cheese. Once the cheese has melted, strain it through a fine sieve or strainer. Place the custard into a mixer with a paddle attachment and mix it until cool or room temperature.nIn a clean mixing bowl, place the egg whites and whisk until frothy. Slowly add the sugar and whisk until medium peaks. Gently fold the egg whites into the custard.nHave the souffle molds buttered all the way up the sides, and coat with sugar. Pour the mixture into the molds 34 of the way up. Place the molds into the oven and bake for 15 to 20 minutes.nTo serve, place each souffle on a plate and serve with fruit., ingredients: [1 quart milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 ounces sugar, 12 egg yolks, 2 ounces corn starch, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 12 pounds Camembert, 8 egg whites, 14 cup sugar], title: Camembert Souffle, picturelink: null}, 15055: {instructions: Add the potatoes to a medium saucepan with enough cold water to cover by at least 2 inches. Set the saucepan over medium heat. Bring the water to a boil and continue boiling until the potatoes are tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Drain the potatoes in a colander and allow them to dry for 5 minutes.nIn a serving bowl, add the potatoes, tomatoes, scallions, olives, parsley, capers, thyme, olive oil, and lemon zest. Toss gently until all the ingredients are coated and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Refrigerate for 1 hour and gently toss again before serving., ingredients: [1 pound baby red potatoes, halved, 1 pint 2 cups cherry tomatoes, halved, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 13 cup pitted black olives, halved, 13 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons capers, rinsed and drained, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large lemon, zested, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Red Potato and Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 15056: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the pastry, combine the flour and salt together in a large bowl. Cut in the chunks of cold butter with a pastry blender, a little at a time, until the dough resembles cornmeal. Add the egg yolk and the ice water, and blend for a second just to pull the dough together and moisten. Be careful not to overwork the dough. Form the dough into a ball, wrap it tightly in plastic wrap, and let it rest in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nWhile the dough is resting, prepare the filling.nTo make the caramel sauce: place the sugar and water in a small pot and cook, without stirring, over mediumlow heat until the sugar has melted and caramelized, about 10 minutes. Remove the pot from the burner and add the cream and wine slowly. It may bubble and spit, so be careful. When the sauce has calmed down, return it to the flame, add the vanilla bean and heat it slowly, until the wine and caramel are smooth and continue to slowly cook until reduced by half. Remove from the heat and cool until thickened.nFill a large bowl with cold water and squeeze in the lemon juice. Peel the apples with a paring knife, cut them in half, and remove the core with a melon baller. Put the apple halves in the lemonwater this will keep them from going brown. Toss the apples with the flour and cinnamon.nTake the dough out of the refrigerator, unwrap the plastic, and cut the ball in half. Rewrap and return 1 of the balls to the refrigerator, until ready for the top crust. Let the dough rest on the counter for 15 minutes so it will be pliable enough to roll out. Using a rolling pin, roll out the dough on a lightly floured surface into a 12inch circle. Carefully roll the dough up onto the pin and lay it inside a 10inch glass pie pan. Press the dough into the pan so it fits tightly.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice a couple of the apples at a time using a mandolin or a very sharp knife. The apples need to be thinly sliced so that as the pie bakes, they collapse on top of each other with no air pockets. This makes a dense, meaty apple pie. Cover the bottom of the pastry with a layer of apples, shingling the slices so there are no gaps. Ladle about 2 ounces of the cooled red wine caramel sauce evenly over the apple slices. Repeat the layers, until the pie is slightly overfilled and domed on the top the apples will shrink down as the pie cooks. Top the apples with pieces of the butter.nNow, roll out the other ball of dough just as you did the first. Brush the bottom lip of the pie pastry with a little beaten egg white to form a seal. Place the pastry circle on top of the pie, and using some kitchen scissors, trim off the overhanging excess from around the pie. Crimp the edges of dough together with your fingers to make a tight seal. Cut slits in the top of the pie so steam can escape while baking. Place the pie on a sheet tray and tent it with a piece of aluminum foil, so the crust does not cook faster than the apples.nBake the caramel apple pie for 25 minutes on the middle rack. In a small bowl, combine the remaining 14 cup of sugar with the freshly grated cinnamon. Remove the foil from the pie and brush the top with the remaining egg white. Sprinkle evenly with the cinnamon sugar and return to the oven. Continue to bake for another 25 minutes, until the pie is golden and bubbling. Let the apple pie rest at room temperature for at least 1 hour to allow the fruit pectin to gel and set otherwise the pie will fall apart when you cut into it., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cold, cut in chunks, 1 egg separated, yolks for the pastry, whites for the glaze, 3 tablespoons ice water, plus more if needed, 1 cup sugar, plus 14 cup for the top, 3 tablespoons water, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup red wine, 12 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 1 lemon, halved, 8 apples recommended: Granny Smith and Gala, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 cinnamon stick, freshly grated, 14 cup unsalted butter], title: The Ultimate Caramel Apple Pie, picturelink: PXA41Tza0DQWVDlvS8V8GrhzXdGtoJW}, 15057: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F.nTake the lobster, place it stomach side down on the counter, and with a heavy knife cut the lobster in half starting behind the head. This kills the lobster by severing its spine. If you are not comfortable ask your local fish market to cut it for you.nIn a large saucepan add about 4 ounces of Newburg Sauce and put on low heat. Add the scallops, shrimp and sliced mushrooms. Cook until seafood is halfway cooked, about 5 minutes. Place scallop and shrimp sauce over each half of the lobster and top with slices of provolone. Add slices of roasted peppers and top with fresh grated Parmesan. Cook until golden brown, about 18 minutes.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine flour, paprika, salt, pepper and cayenne pepper. In a medium sauce pan, melt the butter over low heat. Add the flour mixture to the melted butter and stir constantly. Add the sherry to the sauce and continue stirring until it thickens. Add the halfandhalf and heat through, continuing to stir. Serve with Lobster Savannah., ingredients: [2 1 14pound lobsters, 8 ounces Newburg Sauce, recipe follows, 8 ounces sea scallops, 12 pound small shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 medium mushrooms, sliced, 10 slices aged provolone, 2 whole roasted red peppers, sliced, 2 whole roasted green peppers, sliced, 4 ounces Parmesan, grated, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 ounce dry sherry, 1 cup halfandhalf], title: Lobster Savannah, picturelink: 0WrrD90Cvl5.onsSD08VWDJz4iRugW}, 15058: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chicken and saute 5 minutes, until browned on all sides. Add roasted red peppers and liquid smoke and cook 1 minute to heat through. Arrange tortillas on a flat surface. Top each tortilla with an equal amount of chicken mixture, to within 14inch of the edges. Top chicken mixture with cheese 13 cup of cheese per tortilla. Roll up tortillas and place on a baking sheet. Spray with cooking spray and bake 10 minutes, until cheese melts., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup chopped roasted red peppers, drained from waterpacked jar, 1 teaspoon liquid smoke, 8 6inch corn tortillas, 1 13 cups shredded pepper jack cheese], title: Chicken and Pepper Jack Taquitos, picturelink: TmIDPyaHF606sVSWJV0l6d095lusOLi}, 15059: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine the drained beans with the coconut milk in a medium saucepan. Cook covered over medium heat until the beans are tender but not mushy, about 1 hour. Add all the remaining ingredients and cook covered over medium heat until the rice absorbs all the liquid, about 15 minutes. Season and serve., ingredients: [12 cup dried kidney beans, soaked overnight, drained, 2 cups unsweetened coconut milk, 1 12 garlic cloves, minced, 4 scallions, finely chopped, 12 sprig fresh thyme, finely chopped, 1 12 cups uncooked rice, 1 14 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoon sugar, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Rice and Beans, picturelink: null}, 15060: {instructions: Add the cilantro, jalapeno, garlic, orange zest, lime zest, lemon zest, grapefruit zest, orange juice, oil, lime juice, lemon juice, grapefruit juice, agave, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 tablespoon pepper to a large resealable plastic bag and mix well.nAdd the fish and turn to coat, allowing the marinade to get inside the fish as well. Cover and refrigerate for 15 minutes, flip over and refrigerate 15 minutes more.nPreheat the grill to a low heat setting. Using a paper towel, rub the grill grates liberally with the canola oil 7 to 10 times.nRemove the fish from the marinade and stuff the cavity with the lemon slices, if using, and a couple tablespoons of the marinade and place on the hot grill. Cook for 10 to 12 minutes, carefully turn over using a fish spatula and cook for an additional 10 to 12 minutes, or until the fish is flaky.nWhile the fish is cooking, place the lemon halves cutside down on the grill until lightly charred.nRemove from the grill and cut the meat from the bones. Serve the fish with grilled lemons squeezed over top., ingredients: [2 lemons, halved crossways, plus 1 lemon sliced 14inch thick, optional, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon minced jalapeno, 3 cloves garlic, minced 1 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon fresh orange zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lime zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon zest, 1 teaspoon fresh grapefruit zest, 12 cup orange juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons grapefruit juice, 1 12 tablespoons agave, Sea salt and fresh cracked black pepper, 1 1 12 to 2pound striped bass, scales removed and gutted, 2 tablespoons canola oil, for grill grate], title: Whole Grilled Fiesta Fish, picturelink: g9CJ2uEyPRNFKKtVvwuaMedlucbBrsS}, 15061: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nTo make the dressing, in a small bowl mix the vinegar, mustard, honey, and salt. Whisk in 3 tablespoons olive oil. Season with the zest and pepper.nUsing a mandoline, slice the zucchini lengthwise into 18inch thick pappardelle turning the zucchini and slicing on 4 sides only until the seeds in the center are reached. Discard the centers.nIn a small bowl combine the garlic, thyme, rosemary, and paprika with the remaining tablespoon of olive oil. Spread the zucchini slices on a large baking sheet and brush them with the garlic mixture. Broil for 3 minutes until light brown.nCoat the cherry tomatoes with the remaining garlic mixture in a bowl. Put them on another baking sheet and broil for 1 to 2 minutes or until some skins pop and the tomatoes get slightly caramelized.nPut the arugula in a serving bowl and top with the zucchini and tomatoes. Drizzle with the dressing. Sprinkle the feta and olives on top and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons good quality balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon honey, Big pinch gray salt, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 12 pounds zucchini, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons thyme, minced, 1 teaspoon rosemary, minced, 1 teaspoon sweet smoked Spanish paprika, Cherry tomatoes 20 large or 40 small, 2 bunches arugula, 12 cup crumbled feta, preferably French about 3 ounces, 12 cup pitted and chopped kalamata olives about 3 ounces], title: Zucchini Pappardelle with Roasted Tomato Vinaigrette, Arugula and Feta Cheese, picturelink: null}, 15062: {instructions: Combine the strawberries and sugar in a bowl and let sit at room temperature for 15 minutes. Mash using a potato masher or a fork into a chunky puree. Add the vanilla bean pod and seeds and the lemon juice. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to 4 hours. Discard the vanilla bean before serving.nPut 4 champagne flutes in the freezer at least 15 minutes before serving. Remove the flutes from the freezer and put a tablespoon or two of the strawberry puree and the liquid into each flute. Fill the glasses to the top with champagne.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [12 pint fresh strawberries, preferably wild, or fraises des bois, 2 tablespoons sugar, or more to taste, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 750ml bottle rose champagne, cold], title: La Fraise, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 15063: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the potatoes, garlic and a pinch of salt in a pot. Add cold water to cover. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer until the potatoes are tender when pierced with a fork, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain in a colander.nTo the same pot, add the butter, milk, and some salt and pepper. Heat over medium heat until the milk is steaming and the butter melted. Add the potatoes and garlic back to the pot and mash until smooth. Fold in the sour cream. Taste for seasoning and add salt and pepper as needed., ingredients: [3 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, quartered, 8 cloves garlic, peeled, Kosher salt, 6 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup whole milk, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup sour cream], title: Garlic Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: 0oKK4AMn9HMMxCUJ6jR5p5aa0deP4lm}, 15064: {instructions: Cut a piece of cardboard the size of the cake. Wrap in aluminum foil. Set aside. Line the loaf pan with plastic wrap so it hangs well out over the edge. The plastic wrap will be used to help lift the ice cream and cake loaf from the pan when it comes time to frost with meringue, bake and serve.nSpoon the ice cream into the loaf pan. Scatter the dry cherries or candied fruit, if you are using, as you layer the ice cream into the loaf pan. Press down on the ice cream to make it as even as possible. Fill the pan about 34 full or to within 1inch of the top edge of the loaf pan. Place one slice of cake on the ice cream. Place the cardboard on top. Bring the pieces of plastic wrap up over the top of the ice cream loaf to cover, then place in the freezer. The Baked Alaska may be prepared up to two weeks ahead to this point and stored in the freezer before serving.nAbout 30 minutes before you plan to serve the dessert, place the ice cream loaf in the refrigerator to temper slightly if it is very firm. Turn on your broiler.nPlace the egg whites and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer. Whisk to combine. Place the bowl over a pan of simmering water. Whisk gently until sugar dissolves completely there should be no gritty feeling when you rub some of the mixture between your thumb and index finger, and the egg whites are uniformly hot about 130 degrees.nRemove the bowl from the pan and return to the electric mixer. Whip on medium speed until the meringue is cool and increased in volume. It should be stiff but not dry and lumpy.nUnmold the ice cream loaf onto an oven proof serving platter. Top the loaf with another slice of the cake. Frost the cake with the meringue about 1inch thick. Seal the ice cream loaf completely with meringue. Use a pastry bag fitted with a star tip to pipe additional meringue along the edges for a decorative effect.nImmediately place the cake in the oven. Watch the meringue very closely. As it browns, move the pan so that it colors evenly. It should bake no more than 5 or 6 minutes.nServe at once with red fruit or caramel sauce, ingredients: [1 pound cake, sponge cake or genoise baked in an 8inch loaf pan, About 12 gallon chocolate or coffee ice cream softened just enough so you can shape it, 12 cup dry cherries or candied fruit, optional, 4 egg whites, about 12 cup, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch salt], title: Baked Alaska, picturelink: null}, 15065: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nAdd the vegetable stock, tomatoes, chipotle peppers, onions and garlic to a Dutch oven and stir to combine.nIn small bowl, combine the cumin, chili powder, salt and black pepper. Sprinkle the spice mixture over the beef so that it is evenly coated. Put the seasoned beef into the Dutch oven and cover. Braise in the oven until the meat is fork tender, about 3 hours. Remove the beef from the pot and put it into a baking dish. Shred with 2 forks and drizzle with some of the braising liquid to keep the meat moist. Cover with some aluminum foil until ready to serve.nPreheat a broiler.nPut the poblano peppers on a sheet pan under the broiler for 8 minutes, turning every 2 minutes until the skins are charred. Remove the pan from the broiler, put the peppers into a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let them sit to allow the skin to separate from the flesh, about 10 minutes. Core, seed and peel the charred skin from the peppers.nAdd the peppers along with the remaining salsa ingredients, except 34 of the diced avocado, to a blender. Puree the mixture until smooth. Pour the mixture into a medium bowl, and add the remaining diced avocado. Gently toss the salsa with a rubber spatula to coat the avocado. Taste and adjust the seasonings with more salt and pepper, if needed. Set asidenBring the canola oil to 350 degrees F in a large skillet over medium heat. Fry the corn tortillas in batches until crispy but still slightly pliable, about 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer them to a sheet tray lined with paper towels to drain any excess oil.nPut the flour tortillas in a damp towel and microwave for 45 seconds on high to soften them. Arrange a fried corn tortilla onto each flour tortilla. Spoon some of the beef onto the fried tortilla, top each taco with some shredded cabbage, 2 tablespoons green salsa and 1 tablespoon queso fresco. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Arrange on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [2 cups vegetable stock or broth, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 chipotle peppers, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 4 pounds beef round roast, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, 2 poblano peppers, 4 tomatillos, chopped, 2 avocados, halved, pitted and flesh diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 lime, juiced, 14 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, Pinch salt and freshly cracked black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 3 cups canola oil, 24 corn tortillas, 24 small flour tortillas, 1 small head green cabbage, shredded, 2 cups crumbled queso fresco], title: Carne Asada Tacos with Green Salsa, picturelink: k.pg9XKZ0jWwnDeYnHm9IY.uqI.23PG}, 15066: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the tomato slices on a baking rack and sprinkle with salt. Set aside.nIn a saute pan, heat the olive oil over mediumlow heat and cook the onions until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Set aside.nMeanwhile, cut an 8inch circle out of the puff pastry and press into an 8inch pie pan. Poke the bottom of the pastry with a fork evenly throughout. Reserve the trimmings. Brush the egg white along the border of the circle and press the scraps of puff pastry along the side of the pan to create a crust. Scatter the goat cheese crumbles on top as the filling of the pie and then the caramelized onions. Layer the tomatoes on top in decorative circles. Season with salt and pepper.nBake for 20 minutes, then cover the edges of the pastry and bake until the veggies are soft and beginning to brown, 20 more minutes. Garnish with fresh basil., ingredients: [2 Roma tomatoes, cut into 14inch slices, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large Spanish onion, thinly sliced, One 12by8inch rectangle frozen puff pastry, thawed, 1 egg white, beaten, 8 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, 4 fresh basil leaves, for garnish], title: Roasted Veggie Puff Pastry Tart, picturelink: uOb6mwOxSLpMuKc6MQ9.DZzt6xEKnoy}, 15067: {instructions: Heat oven to 325 degrees F. Place rabbit back down on cutting board. Remove any fat from the inside of the rabbit. Cut along the tailbone, keeping the knife against the bone, and detach the thigh. Repeat to cut off the second thigh, starting at the end of the tailbone. Remove liver and kidneys discard, or save for another use. Cut through the rabbit, below the shoulder blade, to remove the foreleg. Repeat to remove the other foreleg. Turn rabbit over, and cutting along the rib bones on each side, remove loins. Repeat with remaining rabbit. Reserve bones for stock. Wrap loins from top to bottom with pancetta. Set loins aside. Season shoulders and legs with salt and pepper and coat lightly with flour. Heat 3 tablespoons of the oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Place legs and shoulders in pan and cook until brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from Dutch oven and set aside. Add butter, onion, celery, and carrot, and cook stirring until beginning to brown, about 10 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Add tomato puree and cook 3 minutes. Pour in wine and crushed tomatoes bring to a boil. Cook until reduced by half, 12 to 14 minutes. Add stock, browned rabbit, 1 cup olives with their brine, rosemary sprigs, and bay leaves. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cover. Transfer to oven and cook until fork tender, 1 to 1 12 hours. Remove meat from sauce set aside. Strain sauce through a medium sieve, discarding solids. Return sauce to Dutch oven. Heat sauce on stove until reduced to desired consistency, skimming fat if necessary. Remove meat from reserved shoulders, and discard bones. Return legs and shoulder meat to sauce. Chop remaining 1 cup olives and stir into sauce with chopped rosemary. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. While the sauce is reducing, heat a medium skillet over high heat, add remaining 2 tablespoons oil, and heat until smoking. Add rabbit loins, and cook until brown, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer loins to cutting board, and allow to rest for 1 minute before thinly slicing. Add linguine to boiling water, and cook until tender, 2 to 4 minutes. Drain, and transfer to a serving platter. Top with sauce, and surround with slices of loin. Serve immediately.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Place rabbit bones on a rimmed baking sheet and roast until browned, about 1 hour. Heat oil in a large stockpot over mediumhigh heat. Add onions, carrots, and celery. Cook until softened and beginning to brown, about 10 minutes. Stir in tomato puree, and cook, stirring constantly, until beginning to brown. Add wine and cook until completely evaporated. Add peppercorns, bay leaves, browned bones, and water. Bring to a boil, add thyme sprigs, and simmer until reduced and thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, at least 6 hours and up to 8 hours. Strain through a fine sieve, and discard solids. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 3 days or frozen for up to 3 months.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine both the flours and the eggs. Mix until crumbly. Add 2 tablespoons water, and mix just until dough begins to form. Remove dough from mixer and knead by hand until it forms a ball. Cover with plastic wrap, and let rest for at 15 minutes. On a lightly floured surface, roll dough into 116inchthick sheets. Using a sharp knife, cut pasta into ribbons. Use immediately or cover with plastic wrap, and store in the refrigerator for up to 1 day. Yield: 4 servingsnPlace peppercorns, dill, parsley, bay leaves, leeks, carrots, celery, chicken, wings, and backs into a large stockpot. Add stock and 6 cups cold water. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a very gentle simmer, and cook for 45 minutes. Liquid should just bubble up to the surface. A skin will form on the surface of the liquid skim this off with a slotted spoon, and discard. Repeat as needed. After 45 minutes, remove chicken from the pot, and set aside until it is cool enough to handle. Remove the meat from the bones, set the meat aside, and return the bones to the pot. Shred the chicken, and set aside in the refrigerator until ready to use. Continue to simmer the stock, on the lowest heat possible, for 3 hours, skimming as needed. The chicken bones will begin to disintegrate. Strain the stock through a fine sieve into a very large bowl. Discard the solids. Place the bowl in an ice bath, and let cool to room temperature. Transfer to airtight containers. Stock may be refrigerated for 3 days or frozen for 4 months. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight. If storing, leave fat layer intact to the seal the stock. Before using, remove the layer of fat that has collected on the surface., ingredients: [2 3 to 4 pound rabbits, 8 to 12 thin slices pancetta, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 medium onions, coarsely chopped, 2 stalks celery, coarsely chopped, 3 medium carrots, peeled and coarsely chopped, 10 medium cloves garlic, sliced, 12 cup tomato puree, 2 cups dry white wine, 2 28ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, crushed, 4 cups Rabbit Stock, recipe follows or Homemade Chicken Stock or canned lowsodium chicken broth, skimmed of fat, recipe follows, 2 cups pitted green olives in brine preferably Picholine, cracked, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, plus 1 tablespoon chopped, 2 dried bay leaves, Handcut Linguine, recipe follows, Bones 3 rabbits, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 onions, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 14 cup tomato puree, 1 cup dry white wine, 6 whole black peppercorns, 2 dried bay leaves, 2 gallons water, Handcut Linguine, recipe follows, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 cups semolina flour, 4 large eggs, 2 tablespoons water, Coarse salt, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 6 sprigs fresh dill or 2 teaspoons dried dill, 6 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 dried bay leaves, Handcut Linguine, recipe follows, 2 leeks, washed, white and palegreen parts only, cut into 13, 2 carrots, scrubbed, cut into 13, 2 stalks celery, cut into 13, 1 4pound chicken, cut into 6 pieces, 1 12 pounds chicken wings, 1 12 pounds chicken backs, 2 48ounce cans lowsodium chicken broth, about 12 cups, 6 cups cold water], title: Braised Rabbit with Cracked Olives, picturelink: null}, 15068: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line three 13by9inch baking pans with either parchment paper or greased aluminum foil.nIn a food processor, pulse together the butter, confectioners sugar and almond paste until pale yellow and fluffy. Continue to pulse while adding the eggs one at a time, then the vanilla extract. Add the flour and process until a smooth dough forms, stopping occasionally to scrape the sides and corners of the bowl.nRemove the dough and divide into 3 even pieces. Place one piece back into the processor with a dab of red gel food coloring, and pulse until combined. Repeat with another piece and a dab of green food coloring.nSpread the red, green and plain doughs in the prepared baking pans, and bake until light and springy to the touch, about 15 minutes. Allow to cool completely in their pans, about 1 hour.nRemove the cookie layers from their pans, reserving 1 pan to use as a mold. Place the apricot and raspberry jams in separate bowls or mugs and microwave until loose, about 1 minute. In another bowl, toss the chocolate chips with the corn syrup and oil and microwave in 30second spurts, stirring with a fork in between, until a shiny glaze is formed.nPlace the green layer in the pan, then spread a thin layer of raspberry jam over it. Next, add the white layer, then repeat the process with the apricot jam. Top with the red layer, then spread the chocolate glaze across the top. Place in the refrigerator until the chocolate hardens, then wrap in plastic and allow to set for another hour, refrigerated.nPlace a cutting board on top of the pan, invert it, and unmold the cookies. Using a sharp knife, cut the cookies lengthwise into 4 long pieces, then cut across in 12inch intervals. These keep, wellwrapped at room temperature, 5 days., ingredients: [4 sticks 1 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 pound two 8ounce cans almond paste, 8 large eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, Red and green gel food coloring, 13 cup raspberry jam, 13 cup apricot jam, 1 cup chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon canola oil or shortening], title: Seven Layer Cookies, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 15069: {instructions: Combine oil and flour in a Dutch oven cook over medium heat, stirring, until mixture is golden colored about 10 to 15 minutes. Add onion, garlic, green pepper, celery and green onions. Cook, stirring often, 10 minutes or more until vegetables are tender.nStir in tomatoes, tomato sauce, tomato paste, red pepper flakes, seasoning salt, bay leaves, 1 cup of water, hot sauce, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce and sausage. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and cover. Simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove the bay leaves. Garnish with parsley and serve over grits, if desired., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups chopped onions, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 large green pepper, chopped, 12 cup chopped celery, 34 cup sliced green onions, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 12 teaspoons seasoning salt, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup water, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 pounds andouille sausage, sliced, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Andouille Sausage Creole, picturelink: x.38NVLlMQ4jItlMoWOnojc5KoTnpq}, 15070: {instructions: In a small bowl, dissolve the yeast in 1 cup of the lukewarm milk. In large deep mixing bowl the dough will double or triple in volume, whisk the egg yolks with 12 cup of the remaining milk and the melted butter and margarine. Add the yeast mixture, sugar and salt. Gradually add the flour to the batter by sifting it in. Alternate additions of flour with the remaining 4 12 cups milk. Stir with a wooden spoon after each addition. Fold in the beaten egg whites. Cover with a clean towel and put in a warm place. Let rise for 1 hour. The batter should double or even triple in volume. Check the batter from time to time to make sure it isnt about to erupt. Stir it down once or twice. Bake the waffles in a hot waffle iron. The easiest way to get the batter onto the waffle iron is to transfer the batter into a water pitcher and pour the batter from the pitcher. Serve the baked waffles with confectioners sugar and butter, or whipped cream and fresh fruit. Allow any leftover waffles to cool on a rack before storing.nPlace sugar and vanilla bean in food processor fitted with a metal blade. Process until the vanilla bean is finely minced. Strain sugar through a sieve to remove any large pieces of vanilla bean. Store in an airtight container. It will keep indefinitely., ingredients: [2ounces fresh cake yeast or 4 packages dry yeast, 6 cups milk, warmed to 100 degrees, 6 large egg yolks, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled to lukewarm, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks margarine, melted and cooled to lukewarm, 1 cup Vanilla Sugar recipe follows, or 1 cup sugar and 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 8 cups all purpose flour, 6 large egg whites, beaten to soft peaks, 2 cups sugar, 1 vanilla bean, cut into small pieces], title: Belgian Waffles the Brew ChefTm Way, picturelink: null}, 15071: {instructions: To prepare the eggplants: Cut off the stems, remove the skin with a vegetable peeler, and cut lengthwise into 12inch thick slices. Season all the pieces of eggplant with salt and pepper on both sides. Coat a large skillet with oil and heat over medium flame. Fry the eggplant in a single layer, turning once, until brown on both sidesu2013 you will need to do this in batches, adding more oil, as necessary. Drain the eggplant as they cook on a paper towellined platter.nAdd a little more oil to the pan and toss in the onion, garlic, lemon slices, oregano, and parsley. Cook and stir until soft and fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add the ground lamb, stirring to break up the meat season with salt and pepper, and toss in the cinnamon stick. Stir in the tomato paste and handcrushed tomatoes. Simmer until the liquid has evaporated, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine the bottom of a 9 by 13inch glass or ceramic baking dish with 13 of the eggplant slices they should completely cover the bottom with no gaps. Spread 12 of the meat sauce over the eggplant, evening it out with a spatula. Sprinkle with 12 of the feta and Parmesan. Repeat the layers again, ending with a final layer of eggplant. Cover the top with a nice even layer of bread crumbs. Bake the moussaka for 30 to 40 minutes or until the top is golden. Let cool 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 large eggplants, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 lemon, sliced in thin circles, 1 handful fresh oregano leaves, chopped, 2 handfuls fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, 2 pounds ground lamb, 1 cinnamon stick, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 16ounce can whole tomatoes, drained and handcrushed, 8 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs], title: Greek Moussaka, picturelink: null}, 15072: {instructions: Whisk 3 tablespoons olive oil with 1 tablespoon each lemon juice and soy sauce in a large bowl. Add 1 bunch trimmed watercress, 4 ounces thinly sliced white mushrooms and 2 chopped avocados season with salt and pepper and gently toss. Top with canned fried onions.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: AvocadoWatercress Salad, picturelink: C3P1O7j6tL4tzcQ2iHOGKun4Udu4JiG}, 15073: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: an electric waffle makernPreheat the waffle maker. Lightly spray the waffle grills with vegetable oil cooking spray.nFor the lemon honey: Heat the honey, lemon juice and lemon zest over medium heat in a small saucepan, stirring occasionally, until warm, about 4 minutes.nFor the waffles: Beat the egg whites until they are thick and hold soft peaks using a whisk or an electric hand mixer in a medium bowl, about 2 minutes.nCombine the egg yolks, milk, sugar, vanilla extract, almond extract and lemon zest in a large bowl. Beat until smooth. Add the allpurpose flour, almond flour, baking powder and salt. Mix until smooth.nFold the egg whites, butter and chocolate chips if using into the batter. Using the amount recommended by the waffle iron manufacturers instructions, about 13 cup of batter for each waffle, pour the batter into the preheated waffle iron. Cook the waffles until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Drizzle with lemon honey and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 12 cup honey, Vegetable oil cooking spray, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Zest of 1 large lemon, 2 large eggs, separated, at room temperature, 2 cups unsweetened vanillaflavored almond milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 teaspoon pure almond extract, Zest of 1 large lemon, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup almond flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 34 cup mini chocolate chips, optional], title: LemonAlmond Waffles, picturelink: .gYCf7PepjdzrKXpsxVAZgQ.C90CnwO}, 15074: {instructions: Lay out the trout so the skin side is down. Open the flesh like a book. With a sharp knife, carefully cut out the backbone, making sure to keep the fillets attached at the head and the tail. Season both sides of the trout with salt and pepper.nLightly dredge both sides of the trout with flour, shaking off any excess. Heat a large saute pan over high heat. When the pan is hot, add enough olive oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan. Heat the oil until it shimmers when swirled. Carefully add the trout, fleshside down, starting at the tail and laying away from you towards the head. You may need to cook the trout in batches. Cook until golden brown on both sides, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove to a platter and keep warm.nOnce the trout is all cooked, return the pan to mediumhigh heat and remove all but 1 tablespoon of the oil. Add 2 tablespoons of the butter and cook just until it begins to brown and smell nutty, about 3 minutes. Add the capers, lemons, croutons, white wine, and lemon juice and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the remaining tablespoon of butter and remove from the heat. Stir in the parsley and pour over the trout.nHeat a large saute pan over high heat. Add the olive oil and heat. When the oil is hot, add the bread cubes and cook, stirring, until toasted and golden brown, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and cool., ingredients: [4 butterflied whole trout, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour, for dredging, Olive oil, for sauteeing, 2 tablespoons butter, plus 1 tablespoon, 2 lemons, supremed and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 tablespoon capers, Toasted Croutons, recipe follows, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 12inch thick slices white bread, crusts removed and cut into 14inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Butterflied Trout in Lemon Caper Butter, picturelink: xMx1YFsnMI9hKO1wSK9aSmxDdeCBF6}, 15075: {instructions: For the sauce, warm the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute until soft, about 3 minutes. Stir in the chile, breaking it into lumps. Gradually pour in 1 quart of water, stirring to combine. Bring the sauce to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook for about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until it coats a spoon thickly. The sauce can be made several days ahead, then cooled, covered, and refrigerated. Reheat before proceeding.nSeparate the eggs, placing the whites in a nonplastic mixing bowl and the yolks in a separate medium bowl. Whisk the yolks lightly, just to combine, then add the flour, baking powder, and salt.nBeat the egg whites with a mixer on high speed until they are stiff but not dry. Gently fold the yolk mixture into the egg whites. Its fine to have a few streaks remaining.nHeat 1inch of oil to 375 degrees F in a large skillet or Dutch oven. Drop a large spoonful of the batter gently into the oil. Within seconds it should puff up to be about double in size. Fry briefly until goldenbrown and crisp, turning as needed to cook evenly. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain. Cut into the fritter to verify that is has cooked through but is still moist with a nearly melting center. Adjust the oil temperature a bit if necessary to get the desired result. Fry the remaining fritters a few at a time until all the batter is used. Spoon chile sauce on a platter and arrange the fritters over it. Serve immediately, passing any remaining sauce separately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons minced onion, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 34 cup ground dried mild red chile, preferably New Mexican, or ancho, 12 teaspoon salt or more, 6 large eggs, 6 tablespoons unbleached allpurpose flour, Scant 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, Vegetable oil, for pan frying], title: Rio Grande Egg Puffs, picturelink: null}, 15076: {instructions: Arrange fish in a microwavesafe dish, being careful not to crowd the dish.nCombine tomatoes and olives in a small bowl. Pour tomato mixture over fish. Loosely cover dish with plastic wrap if dish does not have a lid. Microwave on high for 2 minutes. If the microwave oven does not have a turntable, then turn the dish 180 degrees and microwave on high for another 3 minutes. Remove from microwave and let stand, covered, for 2 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 6ounce halibut fillets, 1 14ounce can stewed tomatoes with garlic and herbs, 14 cup kalamata olives, pitted], title: Kalamata Halibut, picturelink: null}, 15077: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nCut the salmon into 2inch squares so that you get 12 portions, 2 to 3 ounces per portion. Sprinkle both sides of each salmon square with the lemon pepper seasoning. Brush the grill grates with a paper towel that has been soaked in canola oil. Grill the salmon until just cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. In a large bowl, whisk together the mustard, red wine vinegar and sugar. Add the cabbage and scallions and toss to coat. In a small bowl, stir together the sweet chili sauce and tartar sauce with the cream cheese. Spread about 1 teaspoon sauce on both the tops and bottoms of the mini buns. Place a square of salmon on a bun and top with the crispy slaw., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 pounds salmon fillet, skin removed, 1 tablespoon lemon pepper seasoning, Canola oil, for grilling, 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, One 6ounce bag shredded red cabbage, 2 scallions, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup sweet chili sauce, 14 cup tartar sauce, 14 cup whipped cream cheese, softened, 12 mini buns or dinner rolls], title: Shoreline Salmon Sliders and Crispy Slaw, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 15078: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper mist with cooking spray.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, allspice and 14 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Whisk the brown sugar, pumpkin puree, vegetable oil, egg and 12 teaspoon vanilla in a large bowl add the flour mixture and gently stir with a wooden spoon until just incorporated.nDrop tablespoonfuls of dough 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake 6 minutes, then remove from the oven and make an indentation in the center of each cookie with the back of a teaspoon. Return to the oven, switching the position of the pans, and bake until set, 4 to 6 more minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nMake the filling: Beat the cream cheese and butter in a bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth. Add the confectioners sugar, lemon juice, the remaining 12 teaspoon vanilla and a pinch of salt beat until incorporated. Transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a small round tip pipe into the indentations. Dust with cinnamon.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for dusting, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon plus a pinch of salt, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup pumpkin puree, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice], title: Pumpkin Thumbprints, picturelink: 1tDvlso59YPiKfknOJX6fvB.J7aj.}, 15079: {instructions: In a large saucepan bring the water to a boil with the salt. Sprinkle in the rice, stirring until the water returns to a boil, and boil it for 10 minutes. Drain the rice in a colander and rinse it. Set the colander over a large saucepan of boiling water and steam the rice, covered with a kitchen towel and the lid, for 15 minutes, or until fluffy and dry. In a small skillet heat 12 inch of the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but smoking, in it fry the shallots for 5 to 7 minutes, or until they are just golden, and transfer them with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. In a bowl toss the rice with the butter, the shallots, and salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [4 quarts water, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 13 cup longgrain rice not converted, vegetable oil for frying the shallots, 12 pound shallots, sliced thin, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Crisp Shallot Rice, picturelink: null}, 15080: {instructions: Snap off the woody ends of 2 bunches medium asparagus discard. Slice the spears diagonally into 2inch pieces. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium heat add the asparagus and cook until tender but still bright green, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and toss with the juice of 1 lemon. Top with 14 cup toasted sliced almonds, and lemon zest to taste.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Sauteed Asparagus, picturelink: bPYw7ebv6aAWIPogPayY.OV5deRstqW}, 15081: {instructions: Muddle the cucumber slices in a cocktail shaker. Add the gin, lime juice and ice and shake well. Pour into a glass and top with the celery soda., ingredients: [2 slices cucumber, 2 ounces gin, 34 ounce lime juice, Celery soda, such as Dr. Browns CelRay Soda, for topping], title: GZ Cup, picturelink: WxGomItFLFEmWBONSo.aiMDho92yBi}, 15082: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a double boiler melt chocolate and margarine. Let cool slightly. Beat eggs lightly in medium bowl. Add sugar, corn syrup, chocolate mixture, and vanilla stir until well blended. Mix in pecans.nSet pie shell on heavyduty baking sheet and pour in filling. Bake 50 to 55 minutes, until knife inserted midway between center and rim comes out clean.nCool pie on wire rack to room temperature before cutting., ingredients: [4 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 tablespoons margarine, melted, 3 eggs, 13 cup sugar, 1 cup corn syrup light or dark, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14 cups pecan halves, 1 unbaked 9inch pie shell, homemade or frozen], title: Chocolate Pecan Pie, picturelink: null}, 15083: {instructions: Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Spray cookie sheet with cooking spray sprinkle with cornmeal. Unroll dough place on cookie sheet. Starting at center, press out dough into 14x12inch rectangle. Brush dough with olive oil.nBake 6 to 8 minutes. Sprinkle Cheddar cheese in the shape of a plus sign on crust, dividing the crust into four squares. Top each square with 1 of the 4 variations listed above to make 4 different squares if desired, on the Pepperoni Pizza Square, arrange the pepperoni to make a happy face. Top entire pizza with mozzarella cheese.nBake 10 to 13 minutes longer or until crust is deep golden brown and cheese is melted and bubbly. Cut pizza into 4 squares cut each square into 4 squares to make a total of 16 squares.nThis recipe lends itself well to other variations. Get creative and add your familys favorite toppingsnFor a perfect party pizza, follow Steps 1 and 2, dividing the crust into four squares with lines of shredded Cheddar cheese as described. Then provide toppings meats, cheeses, sauces, fruits, etc., allowing guests to complete a square with the ingredients of their choice.nWonderful for a teen sleepover party, ingredients: [Cornmeal, if desired, 1 can 13.8 ounce Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated classic pizza crust, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 cup shredded Cheddar cheese 2 ounce, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella cheese 6 ounce, 1tablespoon chopped red onion, 12 cup refrigerated honey hickory barbecue sauce with shredded chicken, large pieces cut up, 1 tablespoon shredded fresh Parmesan cheese, 4 to 5 14inchthick slices plum Roma tomato about 1 large tomato, 1 tablespoon thin fresh basil strips, 2 tablespoons pizza sauce, 2 slices Canadian bacon, quartered, 14 cup pineapple tidbits, well drained from 8 ounce can, 2 tablespoons pizza sauce, 8 to 10 slices pepperoni from 3 ounce package], title: 4Square Family Pizza, picturelink: null}, 15084: {instructions: Bring cream just to a boil in a small saucepan over high heat. Reduce the heat to low and keep the cream warm.nIn a large highsided saucepan over mediumhigh heat, dissolve the sugar with 2 tablespoons of water. As the sugar mixture begins to bubble, watch for crystals developing on the inside of the pan just above the liquid. Using a pastry brush dipped in water, brush the inside of the pan right above the crystals so the water drips down and dissolves the crystals back into the liquid. When the sugar begins to brown, occasionally move the pan to swirl the liquid gently and cook it evenly. Continue to cook until the mixture is dark golden brown. The total cooking time will be 8 to 9 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat.nVery carefully add the hot cream to the sugar mixture a few tablespoons at a time. The liquid will bubble up dramatically. Stir the sauce and cook for 1 minute. Add the vinegar, lemon juice and 12 teaspoon salt, mix well. Pour into a heatproof bowl. You should have about 1 14 cups of sauce. The sauce can be made several weeks ahead, covered with plastic, and stored either at room temperature or in the refrigerator. If refrigerated, warm in a microwave oven before using.nServe on top of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons water, plus more for brushing, 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 quarts vanilla ice cream], title: BalsamicCaramel Sauce over Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: lYB0yYEAwWvi.CmUwdib.4whlzeg2a}, 15085: {instructions: Sopes: Heat about 1inch of oil in a saucepan, on the grill, to 375 degrees F. Fry each sope in the oil until slightly crispy, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove to paper towels and set aside.nFor the Red Chile Sauce: Heat a skillet on the grill and add the chiles. Press down on the chiles for about 20 seconds on each side to release the flavors. Remove the chiles and put them in a small saucepan with enough water to cover the chiles. Bring to a boil, then remove from the heat and let cool for 10 minutes. In a blender, add the chiles, garlic, maple syrup, adobo spice and salt and pepper, to taste. Pour in about 1 12 cups of the chile soaking liquid and pulse to combine. Taste and adjust seasonings add some of the seeds for more heat, if desired. Add the 12 tablespoon of vegetable oil to a skillet and pour in the chile mixture. Simmer for 10 minutes to reduce and thicken.nFor the pork adobada: Put the pork steak to a large bowl, add the chile sauce and let marinate for 1 and up to 2 hours. Transfer the steak to the grill and cook to desired doneness, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Remove to a cutting board and thinly slice. Reserve.nFor the sausage: On the stove, bring a medium sauce pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add the sausage and cook for 10 minutes. Remove from the water and put directly on grill. Cook until lightly brown on all sides, approximately 5 minutes. Remove to a cutting board and slice. Reserve.nFor the salsa: Heat the tomatoes, jalapenos and garlic in a skillet on the grill until browned and soft. Remove to a blender, add salt, to taste, and pulse to blend. May add more peppers depending on your spice level.nFor the onions: Cut the onion into thick slices so that they dont fall into the grill. Brush with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill until browned and tender, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side.nFor the mushroom: Wipe the mushroom clean and remove the stem. Brush it with olive oil and sprinkle with a pinch of salt and pepper. Grill until tender, about 5 minutes on each side. Remove to a cutting board and cut into slices. For the tomatoes: Rub the tomato with olive oil. Grill the whole tomato until tender and the skin begins to fall off, but not mushy, about 3 to 4 minutes.nFor the scallions: Rub the scallions with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill until tender, about 5 minutesnFor the crema sauce: Put the crema into a small bowl and add 12 to 1 chopped chipotle pepper and 4 tablespoons of the canned sauce. Sprinkle with salt, to taste, and stir until well combined. Add more pepper to create more spice, if desired.nFor the eggs: In a medium bowl, whisk together 4 of the eggs and the milk. Season with salt and pepper. Divide the mixture between 2 cast iron skillets that are coated with oil and heated on the grill. 1 for plain scrambled eggs and cheese the other for the eggs plus the chorizo sausage and cheese. Sprinkle the eggs with 12 teaspoon adobo spice. Add a handful of the cooked chorizo sausage and grated cheese to 1 of the skillets. Stir the eggs until desired doneness. Cook the remaining, egg sunny side up, to desired doneness in third skillet that has been coated with oil.nAssembly: Put eggs, scrambled or sunny side up, on top of the sopes on individual serving plates. Put the grilled vegetables, for the vegetarian dish, on another plate. Arrange the pork steak slices and the remaining sausages on the side. Garnish with the red salsa, scallions, fresh cilantro, avocado slices, Mexican crema sauce, and diced tomato. And....dont forget to make your cocktail, ingredients: [Oil, 4 sopes, 2 ancho and 2 guajillo chiles, stems and seeds removed, seeds reserved, Water, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons maple syrup, 1 tablespoon adobo spice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 large piece pork steak 12inch thick with bone, Red Chile Sauce, 1 pound Chorizo sausage, 5 large tomatoes, 2 jalapeno peppers, 1 garlic clove, Salt, 1 large onion, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large portobello mushroom, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large tomato, Olive oil, 3 Mexican scallions like small spring onions, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Mexican crema, Chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, plus 4 tablespoons sauce, Salt, 5 large eggs, 1 tablespoon milk, Adobo spice, 12 cup grated Cheddar or cheese of choice, Cilantro, for garnish, Avocado slices, for garnish, Diced tomato, for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Breakfast San Diego Style, picturelink: null}, 15086: {instructions: Special equipment: A deepfry thermometernPosition an oven rack at the top of the oven, and preheat the broiler. Arrange the mushrooms on a baking sheet, and broil until the sides facing up begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Flip, and continue to broil until the sides facing up are soft, about 5 minutes more. Let cool.nPut the mushrooms, gillside up, between 2 pieces of plastic wrap, and pound to about 14 inch thick with a meat mallet. Season all over with 12 teaspoon salt.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a shallow dish. Whisk together the milk and eggs in a separate shallow dish.nLower the oven heat to 250 degrees F. Put a rack over a rimmed baking sheet. Heat about an inch of oil to 350 degrees F in a large castiron skillet or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat.nWhile the oil heats, dredge each mushroom in the flour mixture to completely coat shake off any excess. Then dip into the egg mixture until fully coated let the excess drip off. Return the mushroom to the flour mixture, and dredge a second time, until completely coated, pressing firmly into the flour mixture. Arrange on one side of the rack on the baking sheet.nAdd 2 of the breaded mushrooms to the hot oil, and cook, turning once, until crisp and golden, about 5 minutes total. Transfer the mushrooms to the unused side of the rack. When the oil comes back to temperature, repeat with the remaining 2 mushrooms and keep the first 2 warm in the oven.nServe the mushroom steaks with mashed potatoes and generous spoonfuls of hot gravy. Garnish with chives or scallions if using.nPosition an oven rack in the top position in the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Toss the onions, celery, carrots and garlic with the oil and 1 teaspoon salt on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast until the vegetables are charred in some places, 25 to 30 minutes.nBring the roasted vegetables, 1 cup water, mushrooms, thyme, sundried tomatoes, soy sauce, bay leaf and 1 teaspoon salt to a simmer in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until most of the liquid is gone, 8 to 10 minutes. Add 6 cups water and 12 teaspoon salt, and bring back to a simmer. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, and gently simmer until reduced by about one third, about 45 minutes. Strain the stock into a large liquid measuring cup, then squeeze all the liquid out of the solids with the back of a ladle there should be about 4 cups of stock discard the solids. If not making gravy right away, let the stock cool to room temperature, then refrigerate for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 1 month warm slightly before making gravy.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the sage leaves to the butter, and stir for 30 seconds remove the fried sage leaves, and set aside. Add the flour to the saucepan, and stir until smooth and lightly golden, about 2 minutes. Slowly pour in the warm stock while whisking constantly until smooth and thick, 8 to 10 minutes.nChop the fried sage, stir it and the parsley into the gravy and season to taste with pepper., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 2 large eggs, Vegetable oil, for frying, Mashed potatoes, for serving, Vegetarian Gravy, recipe follows, heated, 4 extralarge portobello mushrooms, stemmed do not remove gills, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Freshly ground black pepper, Sliced fresh chives or scallions, for garnish, optional, 1 medium onion, quartered, 2 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 1 medium carrot, roughly chopped, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 1 ounce dried shiitake mushrooms about 1 heaping cup, 6 sprigs thyme, 2 sundried tomatoes, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 dried bay leaf, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 fresh sage leaves, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Vegetarian ChickenFried Portobello Mushroom Steaks, picturelink: UuUHzJb4O4KaszivLFq2eq9OYVzmjQ6}, 15087: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9inch square baking pan.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and 1 cup of the sugar for 3 to 5 minutes on mediumhigh speed, until light and fluffy. With the mixer on low, add the eggs, one at a time, then the sour cream and vanilla, and mix until the batter is smooth. In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. With the mixer on low, slowly add the dry ingredients to the batter and mix just until combined. In a small bowl, combine the remaining 12 cup sugar and the cinnamon.nSpread half of the batter evenly in the pan. Top with half of the peaches, then sprinkle with twothirds of the sugar mixture. Spread the remaining batter on top, arrange the remaining peaches on top, and sprinkle with the remaining sugar mixture and the pecans.nBake the cake for 45 to 55 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, divided, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 large, ripe peaches, peeled, pitted, and sliced, 12 cup chopped pecans], title: Fresh Peach Cake, picturelink: Iwni4XOlywol4PGlNFxGmy.J1txUP6}, 15088: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, 12 cup of oil, the mustard, Italian seasoning, paprika, salt, and pepper. Rub the marinade liberally on each chicken cutlet. Arrange on a quarter sheet pan lined with parchment paper. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze for 30 minutes. Chicken will freeze slightly. Remove from the freezer and with a sharp knife, chip the slightly frozen meat as thin as possible.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of oil. Add the onions and cook until slightly browned, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and the chipped chicken meat and cook until the chicken is cooked through, about 5 minutes. Stir in the chives. Overlap the pepperoni on top of the chicken and repeat with the cheese slices. Turn off the heat and allow the heat from the meat to melt the provolone.nWith the help of a spatula scoop up the chicken with the cheese and put it on the split roll. Tuck some cherry pepper spread on the side of the roll. Wrap tightly in a square of parchment paper. Repeat with remaining rolls and filling., ingredients: [2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 6ounces boneless and skinless chicken cutlets, 1 onion, diced, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 6 slices deli pepperoni, 6 slices deli provolone, 2 to 4 steak rolls, split and toasted, 12 cup hot cherry pepper spread], title: Tangy Chicken Steak, picturelink: Vlw.L2JmihTX3KhJtoZJdrJRLV.sQi}, 15089: {instructions: Make the base: Use flexible aluminum strips or large cake ring to form a base. The base I made was 10inches in diameter. Place the ring on a parchment paper lined surface. Pour tempered dark chocolate inside the ring to form a 12inchthick layer. When the chocolate has set, remove the ring and peel off the parchment paper. Make a support pole: Roll a piece of acetate into a tube that is 14 inches long and 2 12 inches in diameter and tape it closed. Set the tube on end and fill with dark chocolate. When it is full, invert the tube over the bowl of chocolate allowing the excess chocolate to flow back into the bowl. Let set. When the chocolate has set, repeat this step a few more times. You want the tube to be quite sturdy, as the rest of the centerpiece will depend on it. Allow the chocolate tube to set until hard. Remove the acetate. Use a hot knife to trim the base of the tube so it is flat. Then use the knife to scar the bottom. You want to make it somewhat textured so it will form a better seal to the base. Use tempered chocolate to glue the pole onto the base. Position it well so you can rest the molded chocolate against it.nMake the disks: Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered white chocolate over a sheet of acetate. Let the chocolate set slightly. Set a 6inch cake circle on top of the chocolate and trace around it with a sharp paring knife. When the chocolate is set, peel off the acetate and set the disk aside. Repeat 2 more times to make an 8inch circle and a 10inch circle. To paint the 6inch chocolate disk, mix together a few tablespoons of the cocoa butter with a small amount of powdered food color. It will be easier if you use a yogurt machine to store and warm your paints. Use a paintbrush to paint the Japanese characters on the disk. Set aside. Use the same method to paint the 8inch disk red. When the paint has dried, you can glaze it with any kind of vegetable oil. Make the face piece. Roll out the modeling chocolate to a 20inch diameter circle. Use cornstarch to keep the modeling chocolate from sticking to the rolling pin or the work surface. Place the face mold on a flat surface in front of you. Carefully gather the modeling chocolate and place it over the face mold pressing it into the mold. Gather the sides to give the rest of the piece more character. The finished size should be 14 inches across and 16 inches from top to bottom. You can place the flexible modeling chocolate in the refrigerator. It will keep its shape better when it is cold. Use tempered dark chocolate to adhere the face piece to the 10inch in circle. This will give the piece extra support so it can be glued to the support pole. Adhere this piece to the pole using more tempered chocolate.nMake the fan: The fan has 9 spokes. Use an offset spatula to spread a 18inchthick layer of tempered dark chocolate over a sheet of acetate. Let the chocolate set slightly. Use a straight edge to cut 9 strips of dark chocolate that are each 8 inches long and 38inch wide. When the chocolate is set, peel off the acetate. Arrange the fan pieces so they spread evenly across an 8inch wide space. You may need to adjust this measurement to fit the bottom of the fan you make. Glue the spokes together toward 1 end. If necessary, use a hot knife to trim the ends of the chocolate. Use modeling chocolate to make the face of the fan. Roll out the modeling chocolate so it is about 30 inches wide. Use a sharp paring knife to trace around the fan to get the shape. Carefully gather the modeling chocolate and place it over the fan using the fan to create the folds. My finished fan was about 24 inches across the top and 9 inches across the bottom. Use an offset spatula to spread a 18inchthick layer of tempered white chocolate over a sheet of acetate. Let the chocolate set slightly. Cut a curved piece of chocolate that is about 2 inches wide. This will serve as extra support for the fan. Paint the back of the fan with white chocolate. Use more tempered chocolate to glue the support piece to the back of the fan. Use more tempered chocolate to glue the spokes to the bottom of the fan. If you use an airbrush, simply place a few drops of color in the receptacle of the airbrush and decorate, as you are inspired. If you use a paintbrush, mix together a few tablespoons of the cocoa butter with a small amount of powdered food color. It will be easier if you use a yogurt machine to store and warm your paints. Apply color where you are inspired to do so. Use tempered chocolate to adhere the spokes to the back of the fan. Use more tempered chocolate to adhere the fan to the support. Adhere the painted disks to the support. Sources: Modeling chocolate: Beryls Cake Decorating Mask: Novelty store Chocolate Melter: Demarle New Jersey, Demarle.com Chocolate Cold Spray: PCB in France 011 33 0388 587333, ingredients: [3 pounds bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 16 ounces white chocolate, tempered, Cocoa butter, Powdered food coloring, as desired, Vegetable oil, for glazing, Modeling chocolate, Cornstarch, for rolling], title: Mystery of the Orient, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 15090: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepot, heat the cream, cinnamon, chili powder and cayenne pepper over mediumlow heat until it comes to a simmer. Add the chocolate and stir until the chocolate is completely melted. Transfer to a bowl and chill in the refrigerator until it firms up, 1 12 to 2 hours.nIn the meantime, place the toasted coconut, cookie crumbs, cocoa powder and chopped pistachio nuts onto separate small plates.nRemove the chocolate from the refrigerator and let sit for 30 minutes to soften.nUsing a small ice cream scoop or tablespoon, scoop out the chocolate into the toppings and roll them around to completely coat. Place on a plate and serve. Truffles can be stored in the refrigerator for 2 days in an airtight container., ingredients: [23 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 ounces dark chocolate, chopped, 12 cup extrafine shredded coconut, toasted, 12 cup chocolate cookie crumbs, 13 cup cocoa powder, 13 cup pistachio nuts, shelled and chopped], title: Spicy Chocolate Truffles, picturelink: zmqpQWD0VXcd6.IzUSEyYWxiviFCcvS}, 15091: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the honey and mustard to form a glaze. Set aside.nPrepare an icewater bath in a large bowl and bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Blanch the asparagus until tender, 6 minutes. Drain and refresh them in the ice water to preserve their color. Drain again and set aside.nHeat the lentils over a low flame and keep warm.nSpray a grill or grill pan with nonstick spray and preheat until its very hot if using a grill pan, heat for at least 4 minutes. Dry the fillets and season the flesh sides with 12 teaspoon of the salt and 14 teaspoon of the pepper, then brush both sides with the olive oil. Place the fish, skin side down, on the grill and cook for 4 minutes. Flip the fish and brush the skin side with the reserved honeymustard glaze. Continue to cook for 2 minutes. Hold the cooked trout aside.nMelt 3 tablespoons of the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the walnuts and toast for about 3 minutes, shaking the pan often to prevent burning. Season the nuts with 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon of black pepper, and 3 tablespoons of the balsamic vinegar. Cook for 3 to 5 minutes, until the vinegar has reduced to a thick syrup that coats the nuts. Add the remaining tablespoon of butter and stir for an additional minute. Turn the flame down to low and add the asparagus.nIn a small saucepan, bring the remaining 12 cup of balsamic vinegar to a boil. Cook for about 3 minutes, until it has reduced down to 2 tablespoons.nTurn the flame off under the asparaguswalnut mixture and add the baby spinach along with a drizzle of the balsamic glaze. Gently toss to combine, and allow the heat of the pan to wilt the spinach.nPlate the salad by creating a small bed of the spinachasparagus mixture in the center of the plate, surrounded by 3 dollops of warm lentils. Place 2 trout fillets, skin side up, on top of the spinach mixture. Drizzle with the balsamic glaze., ingredients: [14 cup honey, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 12 pound asparagus, stems trimmed, ends peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 cup cooked lentils, 8 trout fillets, skin on, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 13 cup olive oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup walnuts, 3 tablespoons plus 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 pound baby spinach, well rinsed and spun dry], title: Warm Salad of Grilled Trout with Spinach and Lentils, picturelink: ibprAQqwCtHvyrXLau6X9.YMySSwWom}, 15092: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the sugar, 1 cup water, orange zest, juice and vanilla bean in a small pan and stir to dissolve the sugar. Then bring to a boil. Turn the heat to low and simmer for about 15 minutes to thicken. Set aside to cool.nPrepare all the fruit in a large bowl, pour the cooled syrup over the top and toss together. Decorate with mint leaves and chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, Zest and juice of 1 orange, 1 vanilla bean, 4 pints strawberries, hulled and halved, 2 pints blueberries, 2 cups green grapes, halved, 2 cups red grapes, halved, Fresh mint leaves], title: Fruit Salad with OrangeVanilla Syrup, picturelink: ECVaMD69JvD89hw83hFtSBCAgmmK}, 15093: {instructions: Add Captain Morgan Original Spiced Rum, dark rum, passion fruit or mango juice, and sweet and sour mixnShake and pour into crushed icefilled hurricane glass or other specialty glassnGarnish with lime wheel, ingredients: [.5 oz. Captain Morgan Original Spiced Rum, .75 oz. dark rum, 3 oz. passion fruit, 3 oz. mango juice, 2 oz. sweet and sour mix, 1 wheel lime], title: Hurricane, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 15094: {instructions: In a saucepan melt butter and add onions and garlic and saute until translucent. Add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil, then simmer for 45 minutes. Braise pork in this sauce for 2 12 to 3 hours until fork tender enough to pull with fork. Strain liquid and reserve. When the pork is cooled, pull or shred the meat with fork or fingers. Reheat the pork in the reserved sauce. Serve as a sandwich with coleslaw and sesame seed buns., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 12 cups chopped white onions, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 cup cider vinegar, 1 cup water, 1 12 tablespoons dry mustard, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon crushed red chili flakes, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, Salt and pepper, 5 pounds pork shoulder, cut into 2inch cubes], title: Mustard Bbq Pulled Pork, picturelink: BsxG9z2XNunndD6UJ3XLaSrDF1jHgTe}, 15095: {instructions: Note: This dish really is a handson one. Theres no way getting around using your fingers to eat this, unless you can really be bothered to take the mussels out of their shells for your guests. If you cant get your hands on fresh whole Greenlip mussels, you may be able to find some that have been prepped already, whereby they come in the half shell, already partly cooked. If this is the case, make the recipe as follows, but dont add the mussels. Cook the tomato broth for 4 minutes, before adding them and cooking a further 2 minutes.nPlace the mussels in a large pot with a tight fitting lid and add the next 6 ingredients. Mix well, then pour on the wine and oil. Place over a high heat, bring to the boil and cook for 3 minutes. Take the lid off the pot and give the mussels a stir, put the lid back on and cook a further 2 minutes. Theyre cooked when they all open, however you occasionally get some that are stubborn and refuse to play ball, so when you serve them discard these.nI like to scoop out the mussels into a large ceramic bowl and leave it covered and warm while I serve my guests the broth as a first course in flat soup bowls. Then I bring the mussels to the table and serve them with a huge spoon into the soup bowls, then use the ceramic bowl for the discarded shells. I serve the mussels with lots of fresh crusty bread., ingredients: [4 12 pounds 2 kilograms Greenlip mussels, cleaned and washed, 2 12 cups 600 grams ripe diced tomatoes, A good handful fresh basil leaves, A good handful fresh parsley leaves, A good handful fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 18 teaspoon saffron, 2 14 cups 500 milliliters Sauvignon Blanc I used my friend Michael Seresins 2001 vintage, 14 cup 60 milliliters lemon infused olive oil again, I used Michael Seresins own oil], title: Greenlip Mussels, cooked with Saffron and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 15096: {instructions: For the cakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F, or 325 degrees F on the convection setting. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat the butter and sugar until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the egg and beat to combine. Beat in the flour mixture in three additions, alternating with additions of the buttermilk, starting and ending with flour mixture.nScoop the batter by 14cupfuls onto three parchmentlined rimmed baking sheets, at least 3 inches apart. With the back of a cookie scoop or a spoon, shape the scoops of batter into neat circles. Bake until the cakes spring back when gently pressed in the center, 15 to 18 minutes. Slip the parchment with the cakes still on it onto cooling racks. Let the cakes cool completely on the parchment.nFor the filling: In a medium bowl, beat the peanut butter and butter with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth and creamy. Add the confectioners sugar and the salt and beat on low until smooth. Chill the filling for 15 minutes.nCarefully lift the cakes off of the parchment. Spread about 3 tablespoons of filling on a flat side of half of the cakes. Top with the remaining cakes, flatside down., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 1 14 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 cup buttermilk, at room temperature, 34 cup natural creamy peanut butter, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: ChocolatePeanut Butter Whoopie Pies, picturelink: 259jI4V2fEHQbV4EhZxTIqn7bds5NS}, 15097: {instructions: In a medium casserole, sweat leeks, onions, and garlic in olive oil for 10 minutes. Add mussels, brandy, and wine and cover and steam mussels until they open. Remove from heat. Separate mussels from shells and place mussel meat in sauce pan. Add tomatoes and 4 ounces of water. Season with salt and pepper, bring to a boil, and let simmer for 10 minutes. In a food processor, puree until smooth. Strain through a sieve. Add additional water if bisque appears too thick. Whisk in olive oil, butter and additional salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [4 ounces leeks, cleaned and diced, 4 ounces onions, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 ounces olive oil, 1 pound cleaned mussels, 2 ounces brandy, 2 ounces white wine, 4 ounces tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, 4 to 8 ounces water, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 ounces virgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon butter], title: Mussel and Olive Oil Bisque, picturelink: null}, 15098: {instructions: Begin batter first: Mix flour, salt, and water until smooth, cover, and let stand at room temperature 20 to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare potatoes for frying as recipe directs also pat fish dry on paper toweling. Place shortening or oil in a deep fat fryer, insert thermometer, and begin heating over high heat. When fat reaches 375 degrees, fry potatoes as directed, removing to a papertowellined baking sheet and setting, uncovered, in oven set at lowest temperature to keep warm while you fry fish. Stir baking powder into batter. Dip 2 to 3 pieces fish into batter, allowing excess to drain off. Fry 5 to 6 minutes in 375 degree fat, turning as needed to brown evenly. Drain on paper toweling and set, uncovered, in oven to keep warm while you fry remaining fish. Serve with salt, pepper, and cider or malt vinegar., ingredients: [1 cup sifted flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup cold water, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 recipe FrenchFried Potatoes see below, 1 342 pounds haddock fillets, cut into 4inch by 3inch strips, Shortening or cooking oil for deep fat frying], title: Fish and Chips, picturelink: null}, 15099: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Mixture will be thin. Spoon onto a buttered griddle in 5 inch rounds and fry until golden brown., ingredients: [1 cup stone ground white cornmeal, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups hot water], title: Johnnycakes, Newport County Style, picturelink: null}, 15100: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 4 7ounce souffle dishes with nonstick spray.nHeat the canola oil over mediumhigh heat in a medium saucepan. Add the flour whisking constantly for about 3 minutes, do not brown. Whisk in the warm milk until thickened, about 3 more minutes. Turn off heat and let cool slightly. Whisk in the egg yolks, then the cheese, ham reserve 13 cup of the ham for the Round 2 recipe Savory Bread Pudding and mustard. Let sit and cool slightly while beating the egg whites.nIn another bowl with an electric mixer, beat the egg whites until soft peaks. Stir 14 of the whites into the ham and cheese base mixture to lighten, then fold in the rest of the whites. Fill each ramekin 34 of the way reserve remaining souffle batter for the Round 2 recipe Savory Bread Pudding. Bake until puffed up and lightly browned on top. 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups milk, warmed, 3 large eggs, separated, plus reserved egg whites from Eggs Benedict recipe, 1 12 cups grated Cheddar, 13 pound deli ham, diced, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Ham and Cheese Souffle, picturelink: null}, 15101: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place a quartersheet pan or pie plate on a rimmed baking sheet lined with foil or parchment paper.nFor the pie crust: In a food processor, pulse the flour, salt and butter together until the butter is the size of peas. Add the egg yolks and pulse until well combined. While pulsing, slowly add the ice water until the dough just comes together. Tip out onto a board and wrap in plastic wrap. Chill in the fridge for 30 minutes.nWhen the dough is rested, roll out into a rectangle and place into the prepared baking sheet. Line with parchment paper and fill with pie weights. Blind bake for 20 minutes. Remove the weights and parchment and bake for another 10 minutes until golden. Set aside.nTurn the oven temperature up to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium skillet over medium heat, drizzle in the olive oil. Add the garlic, thyme sprigs and onion and saute until translucent. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside to cool discard the thyme.nFor the vegetables: Lay the zucchini, yellow squash and butternut squash on a parchmentlined halfsheet pan. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake for about 5 minutes in the oven, just enough to partially cooked the vegetables.nFor the custard: In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs and halfandhalf. Add the lemon zest, chopped thyme, and salt and pepper. Set aside.nCover the base of the pie crust with the cooked onions and sprinkle over half of the cheese. Arrange the vegetables on top, and then pour over the custard mixture carefully. Sprinkle over the rest of the cheese.nBake for about 30 minutes, or until the center is set. Cool for at least 20 minutes before serving.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place a quartersheet pan or pie plate on a rimmed baking sheet lined with foil or parchment paper.nFor the pie crust: In a food processor, pulse the flour, salt and butter together until the butter is the size of peas. Add the egg yolks and pulse until well combined. While pulsing, slowly add the ice water until the dough just comes together. Tip out onto a board and wrap in plastic wrap. Chill in the fridge for 30 minutes.nWhen the dough is rested, roll out into a rectangle and place into the prepared baking sheet. Line with parchment paper and fill with pie weights. Blind bake for 20 minutes. Remove the weights and parchment and bake for another 10 minutes until golden. Set aside.nTurn the oven temperature up to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium skillet over medium heat, drizzle in the olive oil. Add the garlic, thyme sprigs and onion and saute until translucent. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside to cool discard the thyme.nFor the vegetables: Lay the zucchini, yellow squash and butternut squash on a parchmentlined halfsheet pan. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake for about 5 minutes in the oven, just enough to partially cooked the vegetables.nFor the custard: In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs and halfandhalf. Add the lemon zest, chopped thyme, and salt and pepper. Set aside.nCover the base of the pie crust with the cooked onions and sprinkle over half of the cheese. Arrange the vegetables on top, and then pour over the custard mixture carefully. Sprinkle over the rest of the cheese.nBake for about 30 minutes, or until the center is set. Cool for at least 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [5 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons fine salt, 1 pound 4 sticks cold butter, cut into 12 inch cubes, 4 egg yolks, 12 cup ice water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 small onion, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces Gruyere or Swiss cheese, grated, 5 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons fine salt, 1 pound 4 sticks cold butter, cut into 12 inch cubes, 4 egg yolks, 12 cup ice water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 small onion, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces Gruyere or Swiss cheese, grated, 1 zucchini, sliced into 14inch coins, 1 yellow squash, sliced into 14inch coins, 1 butternut squash, peeled, quartered and sliced into 14inch pieces, Olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 zucchini, sliced into 14inch coins, 1 yellow squash, sliced into 14inch coins, 1 butternut squash, peeled, quartered and sliced into 14inch pieces, Olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Vegetable Tart, picturelink: Mt7E8byYiibY.P6O6T63.Gt1dqjNcd.}, 15102: {instructions: Make the dough: Whisk 1 cup warm water 105 degrees with the sugar in a bowl scatter the yeast over the top and set aside until foamy, about 10 minutes. Stir in the olive oil.nWhisk the flour and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center and pour in the yeast mixture. Gradually stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients to make a rough, shaggy dough. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Add more flour to prevent sticking, if necessary. Form the dough into a ball place in a large oiled bowl, turning to coat with oil. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature until the dough has doubled in size, about 90 minutes.nMeanwhile, prepare the toppings: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the cabbage, season with salt and cook until just soft, about 5 minutes. Add the pickling spices and just enough water to cover. Simmer over low heat, covered, until the cabbage is tender, about 20 minutes. Drain the cabbage and set aside discard spices.nPlace a pizza stone in the oven, if you have one, and preheat to 500 degrees. Toss the potato with 2 tablespoons olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast in a single layer on a baking sheet until golden, about 15 minutes.nDivide the dough into 2 equal pieces. Roll one into a 14inch round keep the remaining dough covered. Place the round on a floured pizza peel if baking on a stone or a large oiled pizza pan drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Scatter half of each of the cheeses, corned beef, cabbage and potatoes on top. Season with salt and pepper. Carefully slip the pizza onto the hot stone, if using, or place the pan in the oven. Cook until golden and crispy, 10 to 15 minutes. Repeat with the remaining dough and toppings.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 teaspoons sugar, 1 package active dry yeast, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the bowl, 3 cups allpurpose flour, or 2 34 cups plus 14 cup wholewheat flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the pan, 3 cups sliced green cabbage, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pickling spices, tied securely in cheesecloth, 1 large potato, peeled and thinly sliced, Freshly ground pepper, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, 34 cup shredded monterey jack cheese, 12 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese, 6 ounces sliced corned beef], title: CornedBeefandCabbage Pizza, picturelink: oSJcDBo57w7pSNggXoQINTYgUAPiUEq}, 15103: {instructions: For the lobster:nSeparate the tails and claws from the lobster and place the claws in a heat proof container large enough to cover completely with water, do the same with the tails. Bring a large pot of salted water up to a boil and pour over the tails and claws, let the tails sit for 6 minutes and the claws for 8 minutes, remove and plunge into an ice bath. When the lobster parts are cool, remove the meat from the shell. Keep the meat refrigerated and save the shells for the lobster oil.nFor the beurre blanc:nPlace white wine, vinegar, peppercorns, and shallots in a nonreactive pan and reduce down until au sec almost dry, add the heavy cream and reduce down by 23 and drop in butter slowly, whisking constantly. Strain through a fine mesh sieve and hold warm till ready to use.nFor the pasta:nBring large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the elbow pasta for 1 minute less than the package indicates. Drain and cool and hold until ready for use.nFor the lobster oil:nTake the bodies from the lobster and place in a pot with 2 cups of vegetable oil and bring up to very hot almost frying and let sit for 10 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon paprika and let sit for 30 minutes and strain through a fine mesh sieve or coffee filter.nIn a large saute pan, melt the butter and add the chilled lobster, when the lobster begins to warm add the mascarpone cheese and allow to melt, stirring constantly. Add the macaroni and just warm through and pour in enough of the Beurre Blanc to make it saucy. Season with salt and white pepper, to taste, and serve with chervil garnish and lobster oil., ingredients: [Salt, 2 1 12pound lobsters, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 large shallot, sliced, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 ounces high quality butter, cubed, 12 ounces elbow pasta, Lobster shells from above, 2 cups vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon paprika, 4 ounces high quality butter, 8 ounces mascarpone, Freshly ground white pepper, Chervil, to garnish], title: Mizuna Lobster Mac N Cheese, picturelink: null}, 15104: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Wrap the flatbread in foil and place in the oven to warm while you are making the eggs.nHeat the canola oil in a large, highsided saute pan over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the sausage and cook until golden brown and just cooked through, about 3 minutes. Add the onions and cook until softened and lightly golden brown. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, harissa, ras el hanout, paprika and 1 cup of water to the pan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook until the sauce thickens, about 15 minutes. Season with salt, pepper and honey, if needed.nCarefully crack the eggs over the mixture, sprinkle with the goat cheese, cilantro and parsley and cover with a lid for a few minutes. Uncover and continue to cook until the whites are set but the yolks are still runny, 1 to 2 minutes.nServe the eggs and sauce in the pan with the warm flatbread on the side., ingredients: [4 to 6 pieces flatbread, such as pita, naan or lavash, 3 to 4 tablespoons canola oil, 12 ounces merguez sausage, casings removed, 1 medium Spanish onion, halved and thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, One 28ounce can plum tomatoes, coarsely crushed, 1 to 2 tablespoons harissa, depending on how spicy you want it, 1 tablespoon ras el hanout Moroccan spice blend, 1 teaspoon Spanish sweet smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Honey, as needed, optional, 8 large eggs, 4 ounces soft goat cheese, crumbled, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Moroccan Eggs with Flatbread and Goat Cheese, picturelink: d6qmY1H9gcIRB0yXl1BR.baekt5coW2}, 15105: {instructions: For the Chicken: Whisk together the olive oil, herbs and garlic in a large shallow baking dish. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover and let marinate at least 4 hours or overnight.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees. Heat a large saute pan or grill pan over high heat until just smoking. Remove chicken from marinade and season with salt and pepper to taste. Sear each chicken on both sides, and place on a sheet pan. Place in oven and bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until cooked through.nFor the Roasted GarlicFava Bean Sauce: Place stock and roasted garlic in a medium saucepan and reduce to 3 cups. Strain into a clean saucepan and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the butter and lemon juice and season with salt and pepper to taste. Add the fava beans and cook for 1 minute.nFor the Celeriac and Potato Puree: Place the celeriac and potatoes in a large saucepan filled with salt water and cook until soft. Drain, rinse out the pan and run the celeriac and potatoes through a food mill into the pan. Add the butter, warmed milk and beat with a wooden spoon. When the mixture is smooth, season with salt and pepper and fold in the parsley., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh sage, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped tarragon, 2 tablespoons chopped rosemary, 2 tablespoons chopped thyme, 6 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 whole chickens 2 12 to 3 pounds each, butterflied, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 cups homemade chicken stock, 1 head garlic, roasted, cloves squeezed in a bowl, 2 tablespoons cold butter, cut into tablespoons, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup cooked fava beans, 1 pound celeriac peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 pound baking potatoes, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup milk or cream, warmed, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Five Herb Marinated Chicken with Roasted GarlicFava Bean Sauce, and Celeriac and Potato Puree, picturelink: null}, 15106: {instructions: In a sauce pan add carrots, ginger and chicken stock and cook for 45 minutes or until carrots are very soft. Puree mixture in a blender and strain through a fine strainer and reserve. Mix together flour, cornmeal and old bay seasoning and set aside. Dredge soft shells in milk and then in the flour mixture. Heat a saute pan with oil until the pan is smoking and saute the crabs until golden brown on each side. Splash with a squeeze of lemon juice and drain on a paper towel. Saute baby bok choy in a hot pan with the garlic and butter until wilted. Serve the soft shells on a bed of the bok choy and spoon the puree sauce around., ingredients: [4 carrots, peeled and chopped, 1 knob of ginger, peeled and chopped, 1 12 quarts of chicken stock, 2 cups Wondra flour for dredging, 1 tablespoon Old Bay seasoning, 14 cup cornmeal, 2 cups milk, 8 soft shell crabs, cleaned, 1 lemon, halved, 10 bunches baby bok choy, washed, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon canola oil for sauteeing], title: Sauteed SoftShelled Crabs with Ginger Carrot Broth and Baby Bok Choy, picturelink: null}, 15107: {instructions: Whisk together the oil, vinegar and salt and pepper in a small bowl. Combine the arugula and sliced fennel in a medium salad bowl. Pour the vinaigrette over and toss to thoroughly coat. Season with salt and pepper. Scatter the fennel fronds, cheese and pine nuts on top and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups loosely packed baby arugula leaves, 1 bulb fennel, fronds removed and chopped, bulb cored and thinly sliced using a mandoline, 2 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted], title: Fennel Salad with Goat Cheese and Pine Nuts, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 15108: {instructions: Serving suggestions: Serve on toasted bread, alongside cheeses, or on lamb chops. Mix with yogurt and granola, or layer in desserts or parfaits.nPlace the blackberries and their juice in a medium saucepan and lightly mash with a fork. In a food processor, combine the basil, sugar, orange juice and lemon juice. Blend until smooth. Stir the mixture into the blackberries and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer until the mixture is thick, stirring occasionally, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the jam to cool for 1 hour the jam will continue to thicken as it cools. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [One 16ounce bag frozen blackberries, thawed, juice reserved, 4 cups fresh basil leaves 3 12 ounces, 23 cup sugar, 14 cup fresh orange juice from 1 large orange, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice about 1 medium lemon], title: Sweet Basil and Blackberry Jam, picturelink: NJuWcnq3e70dJPUpUdEs51IlIPizui}, 15109: {instructions: Slice the roast crosswise into 3 even steaks. Heat a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brush the steaks all over with 1 tablespoon olive oil, season with the chili powder and add salt to taste. Cook until a thermometer inserted into the side registers 125 degrees for mediumrare, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Let rest for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, toss the tomatoes and hearts of palm in a bowl with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon lime juice, and salt and pepper to taste.nHalve and pit the avocado scoop the flesh into a blender or food processor. Add the cilantro, garlic, the remaining 1 tablespoon lime juice and 12 cup water puree. Season with salt.nThinly slice the steaks. Serve with the avocado sauce, tomato salad and tortillas for wrapping, if desired. Garnish with lime wedges.nPer serving: Calories 325 Fat 17 g Sat. 3.3 g Mono. 10.2 g Poly. 1.8 g Cholesterol 58 mg Sodium 337 mg Carbohydrate 9 g Fiber 5 g Protein 35 gnPhotography by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 14 pounds beef eye round roast in 1 piece, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon Mexicanstyle chili powder, Kosher salt, 1 cup cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, 7 to 8 canned hearts of palm, thickly sliced, 2 tablespoons lime juice, plus lime wedges for garnish, Freshly ground pepper, 1 ripe Hass avocado, 13 cup fresh cilantro, 1 large clove garlic, Flour tortillas, warmed, for serving optional], title: Steak with Avocado Sauce and Tomato Salad, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 15110: {instructions: RIBS: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Cut each rack of ribs in half and season with salt and pepper. Stack the ribs on a foilcovered baking sheet, in two piles of 3 pieces. Bake in the oven about 212 hours, or until tender, rotating the ribs every 30 minutes. Remove the ribs from the oven and cover them with foil to keep them moist and tender.nSAUCE: In a bowl, whisk together the honey, soy sauce, vinegar, ketchup, and espresso. Place the olive oil and garlic in a small saute pan. Cook over low heat for about 1 minute, or until it turns a golden brown. Remove from heat. Add to the honey mixture. Place the honey mixture in a saucepan and bring to a simmer for 15 minutes to blend the flavors.nTO COMPLETE: Brush the BBQ sauce on both sides of the ribs, and arrange them in a single layer. Place the ribs on an outdoor grill or in a 425 degree F oven. Turn and baste the ribs as they cook. Remove when the ribs are glazed and tender, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [3 racks of baby back ribs, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup honey, 14cup soy sauce, 12cup balsamic vinegar, 1 cup ketchup, 14cup espresso, 2 Tbs. extra virgin olive oil, 2 Tbs. minced garlic], title: Baby Back Ribs with Tuscan BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 15111: {instructions: For the chipotle salt: Mix together the salt and chipotle powder on a plate.nFor the margarita: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the grapefruit juice, tequila, orange liqueur and chipotle powder. Cover and shake until mixed and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, the drink is ready by the time the shaker mists up.nMoisten the rim of a chilled rocks glass with one of the grapefruit wedges and press the rim into the chipotle salt. Strain the margarita into the prepared glass and garnish with the remaining grapefruit wedge., ingredients: [1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon chipotle powder, 2 ounces fresh grapefruit juice, 2 ounces silver tequila, 1 ounce orange liqueur, 1 small pinch chipotle powder, 2 grapefruit wedges], title: Chipotle Grapefruit Margarita, picturelink: null}, 15112: {instructions: Put a medium castiron skillet in the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBake the fries in the heated castiron skillet, mixing them a few times during the cooking process, until they are crisp, about 20 minutes.nRemove the skillet from the oven and top the fries with the pepperoni, sausage, sauce, peppers, mozzarella and Parmesan. You can also do layers of fries and toppings to make a pile of pizza fries. Return the skillet to the oven for 5 to 10 minutes to melt the cheese. Serve immediately with a side of pizza sauce for dipping., ingredients: [One 28ounce bag frozen shoestring fries, 14 cup pepperoni slices, 12 cup cooked ground sausage, 12 cup pizza sauce, plus more for dipping, 14 cup chopped banana peppers, 2 cups grated mozzarella from a block, not the preshredded kind, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Pizza Fries, picturelink: nuj8zhFmH2vigmBMLlEus93a4AsMN6}, 15113: {instructions: Make the sauce: Grind the peanuts in a food processor. Heat the vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the curry paste and cook 1 minute. Add the fish sauce and cook 1 more minute. Add the ground peanuts and cook, stirring, about 4 minutes. Sprinkle in the sugar and cook 1 to 2 more minutes. Stir in the coconut milk, chicken broth and hoisin sauce. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until thick, about 20 minutes. Let cool.nMake the rolls: Fill a saucepan with water and season with salt. Add the vinegar, sugar and peppercorns and bring to a boil over high heat. Add the shrimp and simmer until pink, 2 minutes. Drain and run under cold water. Peel the shrimp, then halve lengthwise and devein. Cover and chill.nCook the rice noodles as the label directs, then drain. Cut the cucumber and scallions into matchsticks and toss with 1 teaspoon salt in a bowl. One at a time, soak a rice paper wrapper in warm water until pliable, 30 seconds, then lay on a cutting board and pat dry. Arrange 3 shrimp halves across the middle of the wrapper top with some noodles, herbs, cucumber, scallions and lettuce. Fold the bottom of the wrapper over the filling, then fold in the sides and roll up into a tight bundle. Cut in half serve with the peanut sauce.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [13 cup unsalted peanuts, 1 12 teaspoons vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons red curry paste, 2 teaspoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 6 black peppercorns, 12 medium shrimp unpeeled, 1 ounce rice vermicelli, 1 cucumber, 3 scallions, 8 8inchround rice paper wrappers, 12 bunch mint, 12 bunch basil, 12 bunch cilantro, 4 Boston lettuce leaves, torn], title: Shrimp Summer Rolls, picturelink: dQB2wPYjtx76lKMrC0s5skgsCWKCwhu}, 15114: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to boil and add the sliced carrots, cook until the carrots are just tender. Strain the carrots and let sit for 10 minutes. In a large bowl add the cooled carrots, onions, parsley, paprika, black pepper, cinnamon, chili flakes, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup orange juice, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 ounces olive oil. Season to taste with salt. Mix all the ingredients together well and refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes. Garnish salad with 1 orange, peeled and sliced., ingredients: [6 medium carrots, peeled and sliced on the bias, 12 medium onion, finely chopped, 14 cup parsley, finely chopped, 12 tablespoon paprika, 12 tablespoon black pepper, 12 tablespoon teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon chili flakes, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup orange juice, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 ounces extra virgin olive oil, Pinch salt, 1 orange peeled and sliced, for garnish], title: Sweet and Sour Carrots, picturelink: null}, 15115: {instructions: Right after toasting, rub the bread with garlic and cover it with mushrooms. Drizzle with oil, season with salt and pepper and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [2 large slices of good quality bread, toasted, Cut clove of peeled garlic, About 12 cup very thinly sliced mushrooms or chopped fresh tomatoes, or roasted eggplant Slices, Extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped parsley], title: Bruschetta in a Classic Method, picturelink: null}, 15116: {instructions: Heat the oven to low heat.nIn a bowl, add the lemon juice, sugar or honey, parsley, garlic and extravirgin olive oil. Stir to combine. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and add to the dressing, turn to coat and let marinate for 15 minutes.nHeat a large skillet, broiler, grill or grill pan. Shake off excess marinade and cook the chicken for 6 minutes on each side. Remove to a cutting board, let rest for a few minutes and slice on an angle.nWhile the chicken marinades and cooks, add the butter to a sauce pot over medium heat. When the butter melts, stir in the flour, cook 1 minute, then whisk in the stock. Cook until thickened to a light gravy, about 5 to 6 minutes. Season with black pepper, remove from the heat and stir in the Dijon.nWhile the chicken cooks, crisp the bread in the warm oven.nCut the bread into 4 portions and split or halve. Use tongs to dip the sliced chicken in the gravy and fill the rolls. Arrange on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [2 to 3 lemons, juiced enough to yield 14 cup, 1 teaspoon sugar or honey, Half a palmful finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 large or 3 to 4 small cloves garlic, minced, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 loaf crusty French bread or 2 batardes shorter, slightly wider baguettes], title: Chicken and Gravy Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 15117: {instructions: Thaw the pastry sheet at room temperature for 40 minutes or until its easy to handle. Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Beat the egg and water in a small bowl with a fork.nUnfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Roll the pastry sheet into a 14inch square. Stir the cherries, pecans, honey and rosemary in a small bowl. Spread the cherry mixture into the center of the pastry square. Top with the cheese round. Brush the edges of the pastry with the egg mixture. Fold two opposite sides of the pastry over the cheese. Trim the remaining two sides of the pastry square to 2inches from the edge of the cheese. Fold the sides up onto the cheese and press the edges to seal. Place the pastrywrapped cheese seamside down onto a baking sheet. Brush the pastry with the egg mixturenDecorate the top with pastry scraps or additional rosemary, if desired. Brush the pastry with the egg mixture.nBake for 20 to 25 minutes or until the pastry is deep golden brown. Let stand for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Serve with the crackers.nTo soften cherries, mix the cherries and 12 cup hot water in a small bowl. Let stand for 1 minute. Drain and pat the cherries dry., ingredients: [12 of a 17.3ounce package Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 1 sheet, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon water, 13 cup dried cherries, softened, 14 cup chopped toasted pecans, 14 cup honey, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves OR teaspoon dried rosemary leaves, crushed, 1 13.2 ounces brie cheese round, 1 package 26 ounces Pepperidge Farmu00ae Entertaining Quartet Distinctive Crackers], title: Dried Cherries, Pecans and Rosemary Brie en Croute, picturelink: null}, 15118: {instructions: Toss 4 beets in a baking dish with olive oil, salt and pepper. Cover and roast at 425 degrees F until tender, about 40 minutes let cool, then rub off the skins. Cut into wedges toss with any juices from the baking dish, capers, chopped pickles, a dash each of Worcestershire and hot sauce, and chopped parsley.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Roasted Beet Salad, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 15119: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the orange juice, jerk seasoning, lime juice, 3 tablespoons of the oil, soy sauce, and jalapeno. Add shrimp and turn to coat. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 10 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. Add the broccoli and cook, shaking the pan occasionally, until starting to brown but still a little crisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and set aside.nAdd another tablespoon of oil to the pan, if needed, and add the red pepper and pineapple. Cook, shaking the pan, for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the red pepper and pineapple to the broccoli.nReturn the pan to the heat and add another tablespoon of oil. Add sweet potato and carrot and cook, shaking the pan, until crisptender, 3 to 4 minutes. Add to vegetable mixture.nHeat another tablespoon of oil in the pan. Strain the shrimp and discard the marinade. Put the shrimp in the skillet and cook until pink, about 3 minutes. Return the vegetable mixture to the pan with the shrimp and cook, stirring to combine, until heated through. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve immediately over rice.nServing suggestion: cooked white rice., ingredients: [14 cup orange juice, 3 tablespoons dry jerk seasoning mix, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 6 to 7 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 jalepeno, seeded, and finely chopped, 1 12 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 large stalk broccoli, cut into 34inch pieces, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1 12 by 14inch strips, 1 cup diced pineapple 12 to 34inch pieces, 1 small sweet potato, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 large carrot, cut into 1 12 by 14inch strips, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Christinas Jerk Shrimp StirFry, picturelink: null}, 15120: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 12 6inch bamboo or wood skewersnFor the Skewers: Thread the skewers starting with a tomato, then a piece of feta cheese, an olive, a piece of onion and finish with another tomato. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nFor the Vinaigrette: In a small bowl, mix together the lemon juice, red wine vinegar and oregano. Whisk in the olive oil until the mixture thickens. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nArrange the skewers on a serving platter. Spoon the vinaigrette over the skewers and sprinkle with the chopped oregano., ingredients: [24 grape or small cherry tomatoes, 3 ounces feta cheese, cut into 12 12inch cubes, 12 pitted kalamata olives, 12 small red or sweet onion, cut into 12 12inch pieces, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Skewered Greek Salad, picturelink: Q7cCgAhVKxD7.c9iPIz8VJX30ipxs2}, 15121: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with foil and butter the foil. Set 1 cup potato chips aside break the remaining 4 cups chips in half if theyre large.nCombine the butter, sugar, vanilla and vinegar in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is light amber and a candy thermometer registers 320 degrees F, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the 4 cups chips, then immediately pour onto the baking sheet and spread in a thin layer. Gently press the reserved 1 cup chips on top of the toffee and let cool.nPut about threequarters of the chocolate in a microwavesafe glass bowl and microwave 30 seconds. Stir, then continue to microwave in 30second intervals, stirring between each, until melted. Add the remaining chocolate and stir until smooth, about 4 minutes.nDrizzle the chocolate over the toffee. Set aside to harden, about 20 minutes. Break the toffee into pieces.nPhotograph by Stephanie Foley, ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for the baking sheet, 5 cups thickcut potato chips, 1 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar or white vinegar, 5 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped], title: Potato ChipChocolate Toffee, picturelink: ji1UiS.09bq1RfunjpQ1b2CUTQrVG}, 15122: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfry thermometernFor the Southwest fry seasoning: In a small mixing bowl, combine the cumin, granulated garlic, onion powder, smoked paprika, salt, granulated sugar, superfine sugar, chili powder and pepper. Reserve.nFor the fries: Fill a large bowl with 8 cups water and the white vinegar. Add the yucca fries and soak for 30 minutes to remove the starch.nHeat the canola oil in a Dutch oven to 300 degrees F.nBring 6 quarts water and the salt to a boil in a large stockpot. Add the yucca fries and cook until tender and almost translucent, about 6 minutes. Remove from the water with a slotted spoon and place on a clean towel to drain allow the yucca fries to cool.nDivide the yucca fries into 3 batches. Place the first batch in the hot oil. Blanch for 2 minutes, remove from the oil and transfer to a cooling rack set over a baking sheet to drain excess fat. Repeat with the remaining fries in 2 batches.nBring the canola oil up to 360 degrees F. Again working in 3 batches, fry the yucca fries until golden brown and crispy, about 3 minutes. Remove from the hot oil with a slotted spoon and place on a paper towellined plate. Repeat with the remaining fries in 2 batches. Season the fries with the Southwest fry seasoning. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons superfine sugar, 1 teaspoon ancho chili powder, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds fresh yucca root, peeled and cut into 38by12by5inch fries, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 3 cups canola oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt], title: Yucca Fries with Southwest Fry Seasoning, picturelink: oj2OibXJO1usGOMnGkbmuiF6slBssm2}, 15123: {instructions: Combine the potatoes, celery root, parsnip and bay leaf in a large saucepan and cover with cold water by 1 inch. Season generously with salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the vegetables are very tender, about 15 minutes.nDrain the vegetables and discard the bay leaf. Transfer to a food processor, add the butter and puree, gradually adding the milk, until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving dish and sprinkle with nutmeg.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 pound russet potatoes about 2 medium, peeled and chopped, 1 medium celery root about 1 12 pounds, peeled and chopped, 1 large parsnip, peeled, tough core removed, and chopped, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt, 1 stick salted butter, at room temperature, 14 to 12 cup milk, warmed, Freshly ground pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg], title: Root Vegetable Mash, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 15124: {instructions: Soak the glutinous rice in cold water for 1 hour. Soak the dried mushrooms in warm water until soft, drain reserving liquid, remove stems and discard. Slice into thin julienne strips.nIn a carbon steel wok, heat the oil and stirfry the mushrooms, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, Chinese sausage, ham, peanuts, scallions, ginger and garlic for 1 minute. Drain the rice and add to the mixture, tossing to mix well. Add the mushroom liquid, soy sauce, sherry and enough chicken stock to cover the rice mixture by 1inch. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook just until the rice has absorbed the liquid and each grain is cooked through. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and let cool.nDip a large wooden spoon in water and stuff turkey just before roasting., ingredients: [3 cups glutinous rice, 30 dried Chinese black mushrooms, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 14 cups bamboo shoots, diced, 1 14 cups peeled water chestnuts, preferably fresh, coarsely chopped, 8 Chinese sausages lap cheung diced, 4 ounces Smithfield or country ham, diced, 1 cup raw peanuts, 6 scallions, green and white parts, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon minced fresh garlic, 14 cup thin soy sauce, 14 cup dry sherry, about 4 cups chicken stock, Salt and black pepper, to taste], title: Eight Jewel Stuffing for Turkey, picturelink: null}, 15125: {instructions: Add the milk, orange liqueur, vodka, sugar, vanilla, oranges and 1 cup of ice to a blender and puree until smooth and creamy. Pour into 2 glasses and garnish with a blood orange wedge., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 14 cup orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, 14 cup vanilla vodka, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 blood oranges, peeled and segmented, plus 2 wedges for garnish], title: Boozy Blood Orange Blast Milkshakes, picturelink: C15SHt8QvMttj3oIqmsNsvkh.r3q96}, 15126: {instructions: Cut mirlitons in half lengthwise. Remove seeds in center. Boil until tender. Scoop out flesh, reserving shell for stuffing. Mash the flesh.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat oil in a 9 to 10inch skillet over medium heat. Add onion and celery and saute until tender. Add mashed mirliton flesh, shrimp or sausage, 12 cup Italian bread crumbs, seasoned salt, and cayenne pepper and stir to combine. Fill mirliton shells with this mixture. Cover with remaining bread crumbs. Bake for 30 minutes or until browned. This can be served as a main dish and it also freezes well., ingredients: [4 large mirlitons also known as chayotes, 3 tablespoons cooking oil, 12 cup diced onions, 14 cup chopped celery, 1 cup shrimp, cooked and chopped, or 1 pound bulk sausage, cooked and drained, 12 cup Italian bread crumbs, 1 12 teaspoons seasoned salt, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup bread crumbs plain or Italian], title: Stuffed Mirlitons, picturelink: null}, 15127: {instructions: Drizzle the chicken with EVOO and liberally sprinkle with sea salt and pepper.nIn a roasting pan or baking dish, combine the potatoes, rosemary, onions, bay leaves, artichokes, garlic and lemons. Drizzle with about 14 cup EVOO, season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Arrange the chicken on top of the vegetables.nPosition the rack on the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoast the chicken and vegetables for 45 minutes. Turn on the broiler and douse the pan with the wine. Broil until crispy and brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven.nDress the kale very lightly with about 1 tablespoon EVOO and season with salt, pepper and a few gratings of nutmeg. Spread the kale on a wire rack set over a baking sheet. Broil until very crispy, about 10 minutes.nDivide the kale among plates and top with the chicken and vegetables., ingredients: [4 skinon, bonein chicken drumsticks, 4 skinon, bonein chicken thighs, 1 whole skinon, bonein chicken breast, quartered separate the breast and then cut each piece in half crosswise, EVOO, for liberal drizzling, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds baby potatoes, 4 to 5 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves stripped and chopped, 2 small to medium onions, cut into thin wedges with the root ends attached, Handful fresh bay leaves, One 10ounce box frozen artichoke hearts, thawed, drained and halved, or one 14ounce can artichoke hearts, drained and halved, 1 head garlic, cloves separated and crushed, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 bunch black kale or dinosaur kale, stemmed, Freshly grated nutmeg], title: Roasted Chicken Dinner with Potatoes and Artichokes on a Bed of Crispy Kale, picturelink: W0SRULDm3mumvHOoSNSHGl7f76jRPS}, 15128: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large bowl combine cake mix, one egg, and oil. Set aside one cup of mixture. In a greased 9x13inch baking dish press remaining mixture evenly to form a crust. Bake for 15 minutes. In a separate bowl beat together cream cheese, sugar, lemon juice and other egg until fluffy. Spread over baked crust and sprinkle with reserved batter over the top. Bake for 15 minutes more. Cool completely and cut into bars., ingredients: [1 box lemon cake mix, 2 large eggs, 13 cup vegetable oil, 8 ounces cream cheese, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup lemon juice], title: Lynnes Lemon Bars, picturelink: null}, 15129: {instructions: For the blaak onion jam: Caramelize the onions in the butter until tender and golden brown. Add salt and pepper to taste. Add the balsamic vinegar and cook until the vinegar thickens, about 1 hour. Add the syrup and cook until the mixture thickens, about 1 hour longer. Serve at room temperature. Keep in refrigerator for up to 1 week.nFor the turnovers: Pulse together the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs with some fat peasize pieces. Add the yogurt and pulse until just combined and the dough holds together when pressed between your fingers. Transfer to a sheet of plastic wrap, shape into a flat disk and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to 1 day. The dough can be frozen for longer storage up to 3 months. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Let the dough sit until slightly softened this makes rolling easier, 10 minutes. On a lightlyfloured work surface roll the dough out to 14inch thickness. Cut out 16 rounds using 3inch round cutters reroll scraps if necessary. Mix together the cheese, onion jam and mustard. Spoon a level teaspoon of cheese filling onto half of each round, leaving a 12inch border. Brush the border with eggwater mixture fold the top over and pinch to seal. Place 1 inch apart on a parchmentlined baking sheet and brush the tops with the eggwater mixture. Bake until golden brown and crisp, about 35 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups of hand chopped onions chunky, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Salt  Pepper to taste, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup real maple syrup, 34 cup allpurpose flour spooned and leveled into the cup, plus more for rolling, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup cold unsalted butter, cut up, 13 cup plain Greek yogurt or sour cream, 6 ounces without the rind Blaak cheese or your favorite cheese, grated 1 12 cups, 13 cup Blaak onion jam, 1 12 tablespoons yellow mustard, 1 large egg lightly beaten with 2 teaspoons water], title: Blaak Cheese and Sweet Onion Turnovers, picturelink: null}, 15130: {instructions: Put cabbage and scallion in a large bowl. Bring vinegar, ginger, sugar, and red pepper flakes to taste to a boil in a small saucepan over moderate heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Pour hot dressing over cabbage, tossing to combine., ingredients: [1 pound Napa cabbage 12 head, thinly sliced, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, 14 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 to 34 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes], title: Hot and Sour Cabbage Salad, picturelink: null}, 15131: {instructions: Add the butter to a large saucepan over medium heat to melt. Once foaming and melted, add the shallots and garlic and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the red pepper flakes, cook until fragrant, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Stir in the flour and cook until blonde and pasty. Gradually pour in the chicken broth while stirring. Bring the mixture to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer. Add the asparagus and simmer until its nice and tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in the halfandhalf. Remove from the heat and use a stick blender to puree the soup until smooth. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 shallots, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Small pinch red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 4 cups chicken broth, 1 pound asparagus, tough ends trimmed, cut into 1inch pieces, 14 cup halfandhalf], title: Asparagus Soup, picturelink: 8BnMJtH4IVNT1.p33YwgNiPiu5d3uz2}, 15132: {instructions: Cut the loin in 4 equal, thick steaks. Trim off any sinew. On a plate. Mix together all the spices. Season the tuna steaks with salt then dredge them in the spice mix. In a very hot saute pan coated lightly with oil, sear the tuna until it becomes dark brown then flip, about 3 minutes a side. The tuna will still be rare and slightly warmed. Let rest 3 minutes before slicing in half on the bias.nFor the Black BeanShiraz Butter Sauce: In a nonreactive saucepan, add the shallots, black beans, ginger and wine. Bring to a simmer and completely reduce the wine. When wine is gone, add the cream and bring to a simmer. Immediately transfer to a blender and blend at high speed. Add the butter, 1 piece at a time. Season with salt and pepper and check for seasoning. Keep warm in a hot water bath. Plating: On large, round plates, place a mound of potatoes in the center. Top with the tuna and top that with the salad. Place the sauce around the tuna and drizzle with a little vinaigrette.nWine Suggestion: Vin dAlsace, Haag, Pinot Blanc, 1998, ingredients: [1 center cut tuna loin, 2 pounds, Fleur de sel, to season, 2 tablespoons coarse ground black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons coarse ground pink peppercorns, 2 tablespoons coarse ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon coarse ground Szechwan peppercorns, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, Canola oil, to cook, 4 sliced shallots, 12 tablespoon rinsed and chopped fermented black beans, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 12 bottle Shiraz, 14 cup heavy cream, 34 pound very cold butter, 12inch dice, Salt and black pepper, to taste, Roasted Shiitake And Yukon Gold Potatoes, recipe follows, Citrus Pea Sprout Salad, recipe follows], title: MultiSpiced Crusted Tuna Steak with Black BeanShiraz Butter Sauce, picturelink: null}, 15133: {instructions: Melt the chocolate together with cream and seasonings over mediumlow heat. Transfer to a fondue pot or place over heating unit if using a stove topsafe fondue pot. Serve with dippers of choice., ingredients: [12 ounces dark chocolate, 1 cup cream, Pinch salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, A couple pinches chili powder, sweet ancho or smoky chipotle, Cut pineapple, Large strawberries, Cubed pound cake], title: Make In My StoveToTable FunDue Pot, picturelink: null}, 15134: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nWash the fish thoroughly and dry on paper towels. Score both sides of fish 3 times. Combine the minced garlic and jalapeno and stuff mixture into each of the 6 slits. Rub the fish with salt and pepper. Let fish marinate for 30 minutes or overnight in the refrigerator for more intense flavor.nIn a medium skillet over medium heat, melt 1 tablespoon butter. Add the okra and bell pepper and cook until just tender, about 5 minutes. Make a slit down the center of the fishs belly. Stuff the belly of the fish with the okra and peppers and the chopped parsley. Place the fish on a rectangular piece of buttered foil. Place the remaining butter on top of the fish and drizzle with with the white wine.nSeal the fish in the foil, but leave a slight opening to allow the steam to escape. Place the fish on a baking sheet and bake until cooked through, about 10 to 15 minutes.nRemove from the oven, and transfer from foil to a serving dish, along with the juices collected in the foil., ingredients: [One 1pound red snapper, cleaned, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 jalapeno, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons butter, plus more for greasing foil, 14 pound okra, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons white wine], title: Oven Baked Red Snapper, picturelink: 6KTILMegM62KjGjKWADXVy8nmJWkW}, 15135: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nChop the fennel bulb into a small dice and mix with the olive oil and garlic cloves. Roast in the oven until golden brown and tender. Let cool and mix with all the other ingredients in a food processor. Blend in food processor until smooth. Place in covered container until needed for service., ingredients: [5 12 ounces fennel bulb, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1ounce garlic cloves, 1 lemon juice, 2 cups mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1ounce Pernod], title: Fennel Remoulade, picturelink: null}, 15136: {instructions: Add the potatoes to a pot and cover with water. Season with salt and bring to a boil. Once at a boil, cook until a fork can easily pierce through the potatoes, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and add to a bowl.nPlace the bacon in a castiron pan over medium heat. Allow the bacon to render and crisp, about 5 minutes. Reserve the fat.nPut the buttermilk and heavy cream into a saucepan and scald. Reserve until needed.nSmash the potatoes just a little bit, and then season with salt and pepper. Add the butter, a touch of the heated buttermilkheavy cream, the scallions and 1 tablespoon bacon fat and smash. Taste and reseason if needed, adding more buttermilkheavy cream if desired. Fold in the rendered bacon, reserving some for garnish. Garnish with the reserved bacon and scallions., ingredients: [1 pound red bliss potatoes, Salt, 8 ounces bacon, sliced, 12 cup buttermilk, 14 cup heavy cream, Freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves roasted garlic, smashed to a paste, Greens of 2 scallions, sliced, plus more for garnish], title: ButtermilkBacon Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: 0ca57r2n4a1Zipk9whZXYtczLHQnqZy}, 15137: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over high heat, bring the cream to a boil and then reduce the heat to a simmer. Slowly whisk in the mixed cheeses until smooth. Add the pepper and truffle oil. Add the partially cooked pasta letting it finish cooking in the cheese mix, about 2 to 3 minutes. Spoon into ramekins or other serving dish and top with the bread crumbs., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup diced or grated cheeses equal parts parmesan reggiano, mezze secco, hard provolone and manchego, 1 pinch black pepper, 1 splash truffle oil, to taste, 1 pound elbow macaroni, partially cooked, 14 cup toasted panko bread crumbs mixed with a pinch of red pepper ancho, aleppo, or urfa all work very well], title: 4Cheese Mac and Cheese with Spicy Chili Crust, picturelink: null}, 15138: {instructions: Peel, core and dice the apple and mix it in a large bowl with the grated lemon rind and juice so the apple does not discolor. Stir in the grapes, dark and golden raisins, sugar, almonds, candied orange peel, cinnamon, allspice, and cloves until evenly mixed. Scoop the ice cream into individual bowls. Melt the butter in a large frying pan and add the mincemeat.nFry it, stirring constantly, until very hot and the juice runs from the fruit, 3 to5 minutes. Pull the fruit to one side of the pan and add the rum in the other. Heat it until almost boiling, then flame it. Stir it into the hot fruit so the whole pan flames. Let the flames die, then spoon the mincemeat over the ice cream., ingredients: [1 tart apple, l2 lemon, zested and juiced, 6 ounces seedless grapes, halved, 12 cup dark raisins, 12 cup golden raisins, 13 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup slivered almonds, 1 tablespoon chopped candied orange peel, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup dark rum, 1 quart vanilla ice cream], title: Vanilla Ice Cream with Flambeed Fresh Mincemeat, picturelink: null}, 15139: {instructions: Whisk together soy sauce, and brown sugar in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved. Set aside. Cut beef crosswise into 14inchthick slices. Flatten each piece of beef, with a meat pounder, until it is 18inchthick. Dont over flatten. Transfer slices to a large plate.nDip a slice of beef into soy mixture and place on a clean surface. Season with pepper. Put 2 pieces of scallion green and 1 piece of each pepper across the width of beef. The vegetables should extend over both edges. Roll up lengthwise and skewer near the edges with 2 toothpicks. Set aside. Repeat with remaining beef and vegetables.nBrush a grill pan with oil and heat until hot, or heat oven broiler. Grill or broil the rolls, brushing with the sauce and turning until the meat is medium rare, 2 to 4 minutes. Cut each roll in half. In a small saucepan bring remaining sauce to a boil for 3 to 5 minutes. Pour into a small bowl, add scallion rings, serve on the side., ingredients: [1 cup soy sauce, 12 cup light brown sugar, packed, 2 pounds beef tenderloin, trimmed, Freshly ground pepper, 4 scallions, whites cut into rings, green tops cut into 3inch lengths and sliced lengthwise, 3 bell peppers, 1 each red, green, and yellow, seeded, cut into matchsticks, Olive oil], title: Grilled Beef Rolls, picturelink: null}, 15140: {instructions: Melt the chocolate over a double boiler. While chocolate is melting, separate the eggs. Beat the yolks, using a whisk in a medium bowl, with 2 tablespoons of the sugar and the vanilla until they become light yellow and creamy.nTemper the yolks with a few tablespoons of melted chocolate before adding the rest of the chocolate, stirring until well combined. Set aside.nBeat the whites in a medium bowl with remaining tablespoon of sugar until stiff peaks form. Set aside.nIn a large, cold bowl, add the cream and beat until stiff peaks form. Gently fold both the egg whites and cream into the chocolateegg mixture. Spoon the mousse into individual serving bowls or 1 large bowl. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nCherries:nCombine the wine, sugar and lemon zest in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat and add the cherries. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes. Set aside and let cool.nIn a small bowl add the cream, sugar and vanilla. Whip until the cream forms soft peaks or to desired consistency.nTo serve, top the mousse with cherries and whipped cream., ingredients: [6 ounces good quality semisweet chocolate, chopped, plus extra for shaving, 4 eggs, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, divided, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup red wine, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 lemon, zested, 34 pound cherries, pitted, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Mousse with WineSoaked Cherries and Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 15141: {instructions: Peel jicama and cut in half. Finely chop half of jicama, or enough to measure 12 cup , and shred remaining half, or enough to measure 13 cup. Reserve any remaining for another use.nIn a small bowl stir together jicama, crab, 1 12 tablespoons lime juice, scallion, chili, tomato and 14 teaspoon garlic. Season seviche with salt and pepper.nHalve avocado, reserving half for another use. In small bowl with a fork mash remaining avocado, remaining 1 12 teaspoons lime juice, and remaining 14 teaspoon garlic with salt to taste until smooth. Seviche and avocado mixtures may be made 4 hours ahead and chilled separately, their surfaces covered with plastic wrap.nCut cucumber crosswise diagonally into 24 14inchthick slices. Top each cucumber slice with 12 teaspoon avocado mixture and 1 teaspoon seviche mixture. Yield: 24 hors doeuvres, serving 6nCORIANDER LIME SHRIMPn3 cups fresh lime juice 14 cup orange marmalade 3 large garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with 1 teaspoon salt 12 cup fresh coriander sprigs, washed well, spun dry, and chopped fine 2 tablespoons olive oil 1 tablespoon soy sauce 12 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes 1 pound large 21 to 24 per pound shrimp, shelled, leaving tail and first shell section intact, and if desired, deveined Garnish: Fresh coriander sprigs COOKING LIVE SHOW CL8652nIn a measuring cup whisk together lime juice, marmalade, garlic paste, coriander, 1 tablespoon oil, soy sauce, red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper to taste and reserve 14 cup mixture in a small bowl or ramekin for dipping. In a large sealable plastic bag combine shrimp with remaining mixture and marinate, chilled, tossing occasionally to coat shrimp, 45 minutes.nDrain shrimp and lightly pat dry between paper towels. In a large nonstick skillet heat 1 12 teaspoons oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute half of shrimp until golden brown and cooked through, about 1 12 minutes on each side. Saute remaining shrimp in remaining 1 teaspoon oil in same manner.nGarnish shrimp with coriander sprigs and serve with reserved dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 small jicama, 14 pound lump crab meat about 34 cup, picked over and flaked, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons chopped scallion greens, 14 teaspoon finely chopped seeded habanero or jalapeno chili wear rubber gloves, or to taste, 1 plum tomato, seeded and chopped about 13 cup, 1 garlic clove, minced about 12 teaspoon, 1 ripe California avocado about 9 ounces, 1 seedless cucumber about 12 pound], title: Kitschy Crab Jicama Seviche on Cucumber, picturelink: null}, 15142: {instructions: For the ranchero sauce: In a large skillet over medium heat, heat the oil and saute half of the onions and half of the garlic until translucent. Add the poblano chiles and continue sauteing for 2 minutes. Add half of the tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nIn a blender, add the remaining onions, garlic and tomatoes. Then add the guajillo chile, jalapeno pepper, clove and ground cumin. Blend until smooth. Pour into the skillet. Add the chicken broth, marjoram and thyme. Continue cooking for about 10 minutes. Adjust seasoning if necessary. Keep warm.nFor the lobster: In a skillet, melt the butter with the oil. Add the garlic and lobster meat, reserving some meat for garnish, and saute for 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nFor the omelette: In a bowl, whisk the eggs and milk. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Using a nonstick frying pan, heat the oil over medium heat and pour the egg mixture into the hot pan. Tilt the pan to spread the eggs evenly. Cook until the eggs have set. Add the cheese and lobster. Once the cheese has melted, fold one half of the omelette onto the other half. Transfer to a plate and serve with the ranchero sauce, more lobster on top and tortillas., ingredients: [2 tablespoons30 ml canola oil, 2 onions, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 poblano chiles, seeded and diced, 6 tomatoes, blanched and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 guajillo chile, fresh or dried and rehydrated, 1 jalapeno pepper, chopped, 1 clove, 1 teaspoon5 ml ground cumin, 14 cup60 ml chicken broth, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 sprigs fresh marjoram, 2 tablespoons30 ml butter, 1 tablespoon15 ml canola oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 lobsters or the equivalent of 3 pounds, cooked and shelled, meat chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 eggs, 2 tablespoons30 ml milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon15 ml canola oil, 1 cup250 ml shredded Monterey Jack cheese, Tortillas, warmed, for serving], title: Ediths Lobster Omelette, picturelink: null}, 15143: {instructions: Place dried mushrooms in a small bowl and cover with 12 cup very hot water. Let sit for 20 minutes, until mushrooms are full and soft. Drain and discard the liquid. Roughly chop the mushrooms. Set aside.nHeat sesame oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add ginger and cook until very fragrant, about 15 seconds. Stir in the fivespice powder, the reconstituted mushrooms and the shiitake mushrooms and cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Add carrots, leeks, and scallions. Stir to combine. Add the sherry and stir well. Add the soy sauce and salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to a bowl to cool slightly, 5 to 10 minutes. Stir in the pork.nLine a baking sheet with a parchment paper. Work on 1 dumpling at a time, keeping the remaining wrappers covered with plastic wrap. Place about 2 teaspoons of filling in the middle of a wrapper. Using your fingers, moisten the edges of the wrapper with water and fold in the middle to form a crescent shape. Squeeze the edges together to seal the dumpling. Place filled potsticker on prepared baking sheet and cover with plastic wrap. Repeat with remaining ingredients until all the wrappers are filled.nHeat 1 12 tablespoons oil in a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat for 3 to 4 minutes. Arrange half of potstickers, pleatside up, snugly together in heated pan. Cook until dumplings are a deep golden brown on the bottom, 1 to 2 minutes. Add 1 cup of hot water, partially cover and cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and cook until bottoms are dark brown, crisp and all the water has evaporated, about 5 to 6 minutes. Slide a spatula under dumplings to loosen. Serve immediately. Wash and dry the pan and repeat cooking process with remaining dumplings and oil., ingredients: [14ounce dried black or shiitake mushrooms, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon fivespice powder, 2ounce fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, roughly chopped to yield 12 cup, 1 medium carrot, cut into 14inch dice, 1 medium leek, well washed, white and light green parts, finely chopped to yield 14 cup, 4 scallions, white and light green parts only, finely chopped to yield 14 cup, 1 tablespoon dry sherry, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 ounces ground pork, 24 round potsticker wrappers, 3 tablespoons canola oil], title: Potstickers, picturelink: null}, 15144: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 cone shaped paper cupsnFor the Clown Hats: Melt white chocolate in microwave. Fill each cup all the way to the top with melted chocolate. Invert the paper cup over the bowl of chocolate and allow the excess chocolate to drip back into the bowl. Place the paper cups upside down on a wire rack placed over a parchment paper covered baking sheet and allow the chocolate to set. When use a sharp paring knife to gently trim the chocolate off the bottom opening of each hat. Then peel off the paper cone. To adhere the MMs baking bits to the hats, heat the tip of a paring knife in boiling water. Dry it off and gently press it against the chocolate hat to melt the spot for the candy. Immediately press an MM into the chocolate hat. Use as many as you like to decorate hat. For the Raisin Creme Brulee: Hydrate the raisins by placing the raisins in a mixing bowl or glass jar and add water so that it covers the raisins by at least 12 inch. Stir in the rum or flavored alcohol. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator for 24 hours. It is even better to allow the raisins to hydrate for 2 to 3 days they will become very plump as they absorb the liquid. You can keep them in the refrigerator for a few weeks. When you are ready to use them, strain the amount that you need through a finemesh sieve before adding them to the recipe. Preheat the oven to 320 degrees. Sprinkle the hydrated raisins over the bottom of a 9inch round cake pan with 2inchhigh sides. Pour the heavy cream and milk into a nonreactive 2quart heavybottomed saucepan and set over medium heat. Use a sharp paring knife to slice the vanilla bean in half again, this time lengthwise. Separate the seeds from the outside skin by scraping the bean with the knife. Place the skin and seeds in the heating cream. Scald the cream by heating it until bubbles start to form around the edge of the pan. Remove from heat. Place the whole eggs, egg yolks, and sugar in a large mixing bowl and whisk until well incorporated. Continue to whisk as you slowly pour the hot cream into the egg mixture. Whisk until the mixture is smooth and homogenous in color. Strain the mixture through a finemesh sieve to remove the vanilla bean pieces and any overcooked eggs. Your next step will be made easier if you strain the mixture into a large measuring cup with a spout. Place the cake pan on a baking sheet with 1inch high sides. Fill the cake pan with the custard and set the baking sheet in the oven. Use hot water from the tap and pour enough water onto the baking sheet to reach halfway up the side of the pan. If you are using a convection oven, a water bath is not needed because the even circulation of the air insulates the custard from the direct heat of the oven. If using a convection oven, preheat to 200 degrees. Baking time is about the same for either oven, about 50 minutes When baked correctly, the custard should tremble slightly when gently shaken. If you detect any liquid under the skin, the custard is underbaked. Put it back in the oven and shake it every 5 minutes until it is ready. Remove the mold from the oven and the water bath and place on a wire rack to cool for 30 minutes. Refrigerate for 2 hours before serving it will finish setting in the refrigerator. Let the water bath cool before removing it from the oven. See Puff Pastry recipe and insert hereseparate recipe because of space limitations. For assembling the clown hats, use a paring knife to carefully cut a small circle from the top of each puff pastry shell. Set the top aside to use later. Use your finger to remove the doughy inside from the shell. Fill the shell with a large scoop of vanilla ice cream and reposition the puff pastry circle. Place the clown hat on top of the puff pastry. Decorate the plate with fruit sauces.nFor the Caramelized Banana Saute: Peel and dice the banana into 14inch cubes. Place them in a small mixing bowl with the rum or Grand Marnier and about 13 of the sugar and let macerate for 10 minutes. Heat a mediumsize heavybottomed frying pan over mediumhigh heat. If it starts to smoke, the pan is too hot and you need to run it under cool water, dry it, and start again. When warm, sprinkle the remaining sugar into the pan. Try to keep the sugar in an even layer to allow it to caramelize at the same time. As soon as you see the sugar begin to melt. Start moving the pan over the burner to keep the sugar from burning. Tilt the pan from side to side so that the melted sugar runs over the unmelted sugar. Cook until all of sugar is light golden brown. I usually add the butter at this stage because it makes the caramel smoother. Add the banana mixture and spread it evenly in the pan. Let cook over mediumhigh heat until most of the liquid has evaporated and the bananas are soft but not mushy. If the bananas are still firm when most of the liquid has evaporated, add a few tablespoons of water and continue cooking until they are ready. Remove from the heat and pour the caramelized bananas onto a plate. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside.nFor the Raspberry Sauce: Puree the raspberries in a blender or food processor until completely smooth. Add the sugar 2 tablespoons at a time, incorporating it well after each addition and making sure any lumps are dissolved. Add lemon juice and blend again. Strain the sweetened puree through a finemesh sieve into a clean bowl. This will separate the pulp from the fruit puree and remove any small seeds. Stir the puree until completely smooth. For the Mango Sauce: Peel and remove pits of mangos. Chop into mediumsize pieces. Puree the fruit until completely smooth. Add sugar 2 tablespoons at a time, incorporating it well after each addition and making sure any lumps are dissolved. Strain the sweetened puree through a finemesh sieve into a clean bowl. Stir the puree until completely smooth., ingredients: [10 12 ounces white chocolate, M  Ms Milk Chocolate Mini Baking Bits, Scant 23 cup golden raisins raisins need to be hydrated for at least 24 hours before using, Water as needed, 12 cup dark rum or flavored liqueur, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup whole milk, 12 vanilla bean, 2 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 12 scant cup granulated sugar, Caramelized Banana Saute, recipe follows, 8 scoops vanilla ice cream, Raspberry Sauce, recipe follows, Mango Sauce, recipe follows, Large ripe banana, 12 cup dark rum or Grand Marnier, Scant 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed optional, 3 cups raspberries, Scant 12 cup powdered sugar, A few drops lemon juice, 3 cups mango, Scant 12 cup powdered sugar], title: The Clown Hat, picturelink: null}, 15145: {instructions: In a medium bowl toss all ingredients together. Serve as a garnish., ingredients: [1 jicama, peeled, julienned, Juice of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Jicama Salad, picturelink: null}, 15146: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pesto: Place the walnuts, garlic and kale in a food processor. Pulse until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, drizzle in the olive oil to form a smooth sauce. Add the salt, pepper flakes, orange zest, orange juice and Parmesan. Pulse until well blended. Pour the pesto into a large bowl and set aside.nFor the pasta: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the gemelli and cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain the pasta, reserving 1 cup of the pasta water. Add the hot pasta to the bowl with the pesto, and toss well with a rubber spatula to coat. Add the chicken, the Cerignola and Kalamata olives, and the salt and Parmesan. Toss again. Loosen with pasta water as needed. Finish with a drizzle of olive oil if desired., ingredients: [12 cup walnut halves, 1 clove garlic, 3 cups baby kale, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon orange zest 1 large orange, 14 cup orange juice 12 orange, 1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano, 1 pound gemelli pasta, One 2 12pound rotisserie chicken, meat picked and shredded about 3 cups, 1 cup red or green Cerignola olives, pitted and roughly chopped, 12 cup pitted Kalamata olives, roughly chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Gemelli with Kale Pesto and Olives, picturelink: Vjb2QF4qIZMsMUdJ2XqqQRUmC820Jbq}, 15147: {instructions: To make aioli, reduce stock down to 2 tablespoons and cool. In a mixing bowl combine yolk and stock with a whip, season with salt and pepper. While mixing, slowly add the oil in a steady stream until fully incorporated being careful not to add the oil to fast. Taste and adjust seasoning, reserve.nFor the salad cut tomatoes in half widthwise, cut bottom flat so that the tomato will stand upright. Slice lobster into bite size pieces and lay out on a sheet pan. Remove avocado skin and stone, slice into 18inch slices. Lay avocado out on a sheet pan. Drizzle with extra virgin olive oil, lemon juice and sprinkle with teaspoon zest, basil, shallot, salt and pepper.nPlace a spoonful of aioli in the middle of each plate. Place tomato button in center of aioli, top with 3 to 4 slices of avocado and then 14 of the lobster. Place top of tomato on top so that it is reassembled. Garnish with baby greens and serve., ingredients: [2 quarts lobster stock made by simmering lobster bodies and white Mire Poix in water for 45 minutes then strain., 1 egg yolk, 4 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and pepper, 4 small vine ripe tomatoes with stem, peeled and sliced, 2 1 14 pound lobsters, cooked and removed from the shell intact, 1 avocado, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 4 basil leaves, sliced, 1 shallot, minced, Sea salt and black pepper], title: Tomato and Lobster Salad with Avocado Relish and Shellfish Aioli, picturelink: null}, 15148: {instructions: Note: limu kohu is a soft reddish brown seaweed and roasted, ground, and salted kukui nutsnCombine all ingredients and mix well and chill., ingredients: [1 14 pound sushigrade yellowfin tuna, cut into 14inch cubes, 14 cup yellow onion, minced, 14 cup green onion, sliced, 3 tablespoons chopped limu kohu see note, 1 tablespoon Hawaiian salt, 1 tablespoon Inamona see note, 2 teaspoons sesame oil], title: Poke, picturelink: null}, 15149: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCream the butter and sugars. Add the vanilla and eggs. Next, add the flour, baking soda and salt. Add in the granola and oatmeal. Fold in the apricots, cherries, pecans and raisins.nWith a cookie scoop or two spoons, drop onto cookie sheets and bake for 12 to 14 minutes. Cool on a rack. Eat, and feel unguilty because theres no chocolate in this cookie., ingredients: [3 sticks 1 12 cups butter, 2 cups brown sugar, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 whole eggs, 4 heaping cups allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 cups prepared granola, 1 heaping cup quick oats, 1 12 cups apricots, 1 cup dried cherries, 1 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup golden raisins], title: Everything Cookies, picturelink: ky49tVTLiWLa1oztLJ79SEvnGZpVfsS}, 15150: {instructions: Put butter and salt in a dough pan or a large bowl. Pour boiling water over the butter and salt and set aside for a few minutes to cool down a bit. Crumble the yeast into a small bowl, add 12 cup warm water, set aside for a few minutes to allow the yeast to proof. Add eggs to the water, buttersalt mixture and beat well. Add yeast mixture and mix in sourdough starter, if using. Stir in 5 cups flour and beat well. Add 3 more cups flour and mix as well as you can. Pour the 9th cup of flour onto a bread board or canvas. Knead until smooth. Place in a greased bowl or dough pan. Turn to grease the top of the bread. Cover and set in a warm place to rise until double.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Punch down dough and work until smooth. Shape into rolls and place into greased pans or Dutch ovens. Let rise until double and then bake 20 to 30 minutes. This recipe will fill 12 and 14inch Dutch ovens. I have used this recipe in camp with fine success by not allowing much of a second rise. It will also make up nice as a sweet roll by adding raisins or nuts if you have them., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 cups boiling water, 1 12 yeast cakes, 2 if its cold, 12 cup warm water, 4 to 6 eggs, 1 cup sourdough starter, if you like the flavor, 8 to 9 cups flour, 12 cup white sugar], title: Roundup Rolls, picturelink: null}, 15151: {instructions: Remove skin and bones from the trout. Place cleaned trout in the bowl of food processor and chop until very fine. With the machine running, add cream, pepper, lemon juice and horseradish.nTransfer mixture to a bowl and add cream cheese. Blend until well combined and smooth. Using a rubber spatula, press mixture through a fine sieve to remove any lumps. Refrigerate until ready to use.nCut trimmed party pumpernickel in half, on the diagonal. Using a pastry bag fitted with a decorative tip, pipe 1 teaspoon mousse onto each bread triangle.nGarnish with sprig of Italian parsley., ingredients: [1 4ounce piece smoked trout, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon fresh or prepared grated horseradish, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 21 slices party pumpernickel, crusts trimmed, Italian parsley, for garnish], title: Smoked Trout Mousse on Pumpernickel, picturelink: null}, 15152: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, carrots, celery and salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables begin to soften. Add the tomatoes, garlic, pepper flakes, thyme, oregano and rosemary and cook until the tomatoes begin to break down, about 5 minutes. Add the basil, parsley, Parmesan rind, ceci, wine, broth and 1 cup water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 40 minutes.nRemove the herb sprigs and rind. Place about 1 cup of the soup in a food processor and puree until smooth. Add the quinoa to the remaining soup in the pot and simmer until tender, about 10 minutes. Add the puree and simmer 5 minutes more. Ladle the soup into bowls. Sprinkle with some of the Parmesan and drizzle with some of the olive oil before serving., ingredients: [1 teaspoon olive oil, 12 onion, coarsely chopped, 2 medium carrots, peeled and coarsely chopped, 2 stalks celery, coarsely chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 Roma tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 sprigs fresh oregano, 2 large sprigs fresh rosemary, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, One 3inch piece Parmesan rind, Two 15ounce cans ceci garbanzo beans, rinsed and drained, 34 cup dry white wine, 3 cups chicken broth, 12 cup quinoa, rinsed and drained, 12 cup grated Parmesan, for garnish, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, for garnish], title: Raffys Quinoa and Ceci Soup, picturelink: .fjB1JjlIluM8CIgHYEFXnUJ6Adbze}, 15153: {instructions: Put a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and brush it with some soybean oil. Season the steaks with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. When the pan is hot, add the steaks. Cook until the steaks are nicely browned, about 4 to 6 minutes. Flip the steaks and cook for 2 more minutes. Top the steaks with the butter and 1 tablespoon soy sauce. Cook for another 2 to 4 minutes, depending on how you like your steaks done. Remove the steaks to a cutting board, cover them with foil, and let them rest while you cook the vegetables.nCarefully wipe out the pan and brush it with some more oil. Add the carrots, snow peas, and cabbage. Season them with salt, pepper, and garlic powder and cook them until they are just tender, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add more oil, if necessary. Add the bean sprouts and 1 tablespoon soy sauce and cook just until the bean sprouts are warmed through. Divide the vegetables between 2 serving plates. Slice the steaks and arrange them on top of the vegetables.nPut the remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce and mirin into the pan over low heat. Add the shallots, tomato, and chili flakes and cook until the shallots have softened, about 2 minutes. Spoon the sauce over the steaks and garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [Soybean oil, 2 6ounce New York steaks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Garlic powder, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 4 tablespoons soy sauce, divided, 1 carrot, thinly sliced on the bias, 12 cup snow peas, 12 cup sliced savoy cabbage, 12 cup bean sprouts, 2 tablespoons mirin, 2 tablespoons sliced shallots, 2 tablespoons finely chopped tomato, 1 pinch red chili flakes, Cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: New York Steak Teppanyaki, picturelink: null}, 15154: {instructions: In a doubleboiler or a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water, whisk together egg yolks, sugar, vanilla, half the lemon zest, and the lemon juice until well combined. Continue to whisk constantly over very low heat, until the yolk mixture has thickened and becomes pale yellow, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Add the sour cream, mix until just combined, and set aside.nIn a large bowl, whip the heavy cream with a whisk until soft peaks form. Gently fold whipped cream into egg mixture. Gently stir in poppy seeds. Divide mixture evenly between lined mini muffin cups. If you dont have mini muffin cups, you can use regular sized to get half as many. Freeze for at least 2 hours or until firm.nTo serve, peel away the paper liners and garnish with remaining lemon zest., ingredients: [4 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 lemon, zested, 12 lemon, zested, 14 cup sour cream, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons black poppy seeds, Special equipment: a 24cup mini muffin tin, 24 mini muffin paper liners], title: Mini Lemon Poppy Seed Sour Cream Semifreddo Cupcakes, picturelink: 9e6sQKdINkrtKuPIoMhZT04Rt0Ylq}, 15155: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a serving bowl, add ricotta cheese. Using a small sieve, sprinkle cocoa powder over the ricotta. Top with fresh raspberries, and drizzle with honey. Use the biscotti cookies as spoons., ingredients: [1 pound ricotta cheese, 1 teaspoon sweetened cocoa powder, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 biscotti cookies], title: Ricotta with Honey and Raspberries, picturelink: Z0qcTTMA5R1auc6zcWxDPR56qCkl7q}, 15156: {instructions: Preheat a grill or a broiler.nSprinkle a little sea salt and pepper on the tuna. Briefly sear the tuna on all sides until its surface turns white. Plunge the fish into a bowl of ice water to stop it cooking any further. Shake off the excess water. Cut the tuna into 18inch thick slices. Toss the greens with some of the Matsuhisa dressing and place on a plate. Top with the sliced tuna. Drizzle with a little more dressing.nCombine all of the ingredients except the oils. When the salt is fully dissolved, add the oils. Set aside., ingredients: [10 ounces sushigrade bluefini toro tuna, Sea Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups mixed baby greens, Matsuhisa Dressing, recipe follows, 34 cup finely chopped Maui onion, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons water, 12 teaspoon sugar, Pinch sea salt, 14 teaspoon powdered mustard, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 4 teaspoons grapeseed oil, 4 teaspoons sesame oil], title: Bluefin Toro Sashimi Salad with Matsuhisa Dressing, picturelink: null}, 15157: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd oil to a large pot set over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and celery and saute for 2 to 3 minutes, or until they start to soften. Add stock and mashed potatoes and bring to a simmer.nUsing a hand blender or regular blender, puree soup until smooth when using a regular blender, work in batches to prevent messy cleanups. Add Cheddar, salt, white pepper, dry mustard and hot sauce. Stir to combine and allow the cheese to melt., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 cup diced onion, 1 cup diced celery, 6 cups reducedsodium chicken or vegetable broth, 2 cups mashed potatoes, 8 ounces shredded Cheddar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, Hot sauce, optional], title: CheddarPotato Soup, picturelink: z22uQhMWsKqJcGCeleFtfoXp4.a26Q2}, 15158: {instructions: Pasta: In a large mixing bowl, combine flour and salt. In a separate bowl, lightly beat egg yolks and add 12 cup wine. Make a well with the flour and pour the egg mixture into the well. Begin to make the pasta by incorporating the eggs and the remaining wine into the flour with a fork. When the pasta starts to form, discard fork and work the pasta into a dough. Kneed pasta until smooth. Wrap pasta in plastic film and let rest at room temperature for 20 to 30 minutes.nWith a pasta machine, roll out the pasta to the second thinnest setting. Cut into desired shapes.nBring a large pot of boiling salted water to a boil.nSauce: In a large saute pan over low heat, add the butter and toast until golden brown. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil and mix well. Add the sliced garlic and sweat until translucent. Add capers and anchovies and continue to sweat. Add a drop of the pasta water to slow the cooking and to prevent the garlic from browning. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. At this point, drop the pasta into boiling salted water and cook until al dente, about 4 minutes.nDrain pasta and add to the sauce, tossing to coat. Add the remaining olive oil, marjoram leaves and a little pasta water. Finish with a drizzle of olive oil.nDivide pasta and sauce among 6 dishes. Top with anchovy fillets, marjoram florets, pine nuts and a shaving of Parmesan. Serve., ingredients: [1 13 pounds wholewheat flour, 1 pinch fine sea salt, 5 egg yolks, 1 cup white wine, 4 12 ounces butter, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 2 cloves garlic, sliced thinly, 2 tablespoons rinsed salted capers, 18 fillets salted anchovies, 12 chopped for sauce and 12 left whole for garnish, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 bunch fresh marjoram, leaves for sauce and florets reserved for garnish, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 3 12ounce block Parmesan, for shaving], title: Handmade Corzetti Ligure, Capers, Pine nuts, Anchovies and Marjoram: Corzetti Ligure con Capperi, Acchiughe, Pinoli e Maggiorana, picturelink: null}, 15159: {instructions: Special Equipment: 1 12inch thick wooden dowel 10 inches longn12inch ribbon 48 inches each pink, mint, lavender and yellownHot glue gun or tapen14inch star pastry tipnSecure a colored ribbon with tape 4inches from the bottom of dowel. Flip dowel upside down and twist the ribbon around and down the dowel there will be excess ribbon at the end. Secure ribbon at the top of the dowel with tape or glue. Repeat with the rest of the ribbons.nPlace 1 cake layer on a glass cake plate. Spread top with lemon frosting and top with the second cake layer. Frost the entire cake with 2 containers of vanilla frosting. Set aside.nIn a small mixing bowl, combine 1 container vanilla frosting with 3 drops red food coloring and 14 teaspoon strawberry extract to make pink frosting. In another bowl, combine 1 container vanilla frosting, 3 drops green food coloring and 18 teaspoon mint extract to make green frosting. In a third bowl, combine 1 container vanilla frosting, 4 drops red food coloring, 2 drops blue food coloring and 14 teaspoon cherry extract to make lavender frosting.nMake a pastry bag by cutting a small triangle out of the bottom corner of a large ziptop bag. Place a star pastry tip on the inside of the bag and fit tightly into the hole. Place pastry bag, tip down into a large drinking glass. Place a large spoonful of each color of frosting along the sides of the pastry bag. Remove bag from glass and, starting from the top, squeeze frosting into the tip. Pipe a colored border around bottom and top of vanillafrosted cake. Pipe the colored frosting on the cupcake tops in an upward swirl motion.nTo assemble centerpiece, place cake on table. Insert the bottom end without the excess ribbon of the dowel into center of cake. Pipe colored icing around bottom of dowel. Carefully lay each color of ribbon on the table and arrange cupcakes at the ends of the ribbons. Tie the ends of the ribbons in bows and trim off the excess.nPlace more cupcakes on top of the cake. Decorate the whole cake with some edible flowers., ingredients: [2 10inch layers of unfrosted storebought cake, 1 16ounce container lemon frosting, 4 16ounce containers whipped supreme vanilla frosting, Red food coloring, Strawberry extract, Green food coloring, Mint extract, Blue food coloring, Cherry extract, 8 to 12 cupcakes, unfrosted, Edible flowers, for garnish], title: May Day Centerpiece Cake, picturelink: y4IpWT8g61Q.rCtOVppqGYeE0ei07m}, 15160: {instructions: Dough: In a large bowl, combine the flour with the lard, butter, and salt. Mix lightly with your fingertips until the dough forms grapesized pieces. You should still be able to see streaks of fat. Stir in the water. Lightly knead, handling the dough as little as possible, until the dough forms a ball. Add a little more water if needed. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour, then remove and let it return to room temperature, about 1 hour, before rolling. The dough can be frozen for as long as a week. Pinch off about half the dough. Roll out, on a floured surface, to a thickness of 18inch. Cut out 3inch circles. Then, gather the scraps, add to the rest of the dough, and roll out another batch of circles. Repeat, with the rest of the scraps. This should be enough dough for about 24 empanadas.nFilling: In a large heavy skillet, over a medium high heat, saute the ground beef until the meat is browned, about 6 to 8 minutes. Drain off the excess fat. Add the onion and saute 2 minutes. Then add the garlic, almonds, and raisins, and saute 1 minute. Place the tomatoes, chilies, lime juice, salt, and pepper in a blender and puree until smooth. Add the puree, cumin, cloves, cinnamon and salt and pepper to the skillet and cook for about 5 minutes to get rid of any excess liquid. Cool. Place a spoonful of filling in the center of each circle of pastry. Fold over the pastry and seal the edges. Let the empanadas rest in the refrigerator 12 hour or freeze immediately. Bake the frozen empanadas without defrosting. Empanadas may be glazed 1 egg and 2 tablespoons milk, well beaten and baked until golden in a 400 degree oven, for about 15 minutes. Or they may be deepfried in oil at 375 degrees until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes a side. If you deepfry them, make sure the edges are well sealed so the filling wont leak., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 12 cup lard, 2 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon sea salt, About 12 cup iced water, 1 pound lean ground beef, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 13 cup toasted almonds coarsely chopped, 13 cup dark raisins, 8 Italian Roma tomatoes, 2 to 4 serrano chilies, Juice of 2 limes, 1 12 teaspoons sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 18 teaspoon cinnamon, Sea salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 15161: {instructions: Lets start simple for the kids. Youll bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the penne and cook it until al dente. Drain itlike always, you know.nIn the meantime, heat the olive oil in another medium pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and let bloom until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes and a small pinch of salt. Let simmer for about 5 minutes. Add in the heavy cream and simmer another 5.nReserve about 12 cup of the penne and divide between 2 small bowls. Ladle the creamy sauce over the pasta and garnish with Parmesan. Maybe add a little bit of basil if your kids like it. DonenNow for you: Lets get back to the creamy sauce. Add the Italian seasoning, crushed red pepper and vodka let it simmer another 5 minutes or so. Taste it and add a pinch of salt if needed.nYou can either toss the remaining pasta with the sauce my preferred method, or ladle the sauce over the penne. Do whatever makes you sob like a baby.nGarnish with more freshly grated Parmesan and basil leaves Serve with a giant green salad, crusty bread and WINE obviously the wine. All caps necessary. For the love. The end., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound penne pasta, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, One 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, blended in a food processor, 12 cup heavy cream, Grated Parmesan and basil leaves, for garnish, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 pinch crushed red pepper, 1 shot 50 milliliters vodka], title: One Recipe, Two Meals: Penne with a Creamy Tomato Vodka Sauce, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 15162: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Place tomatoes in a large baking dish and drizzle with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and sprinkle with the garlic, season with salt and pepper. Roast for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the tomatoes are soft.nHeat the remaining olive oil in a medium stock pot over medium heat. Add the onions and carrots and cook until the onions are soft, about 5 minutes. Add the roasted tomatoes, garlic, and the juices that have accumulated. Add the stock and fresh thyme and cook for 20 minutes. Place the cream in a small saucepan over medium high heat and cook until reduced by half. Transfer the mixture to a blender and blend until smooth, strain into a clean saucepan over low heat, add the reduced cream, and cook for 5 minutes.nFor the Grilled FontinaMushroom Sandwich: Heat olive oil in a large saute pan, add the mushrooms, and cook until golden brown. Season with salt and pepper, and stir in the sage. Brush the bread on 1 side with the butter. Turn 4 of the slices over on a work surface. Divide the cheese among the slices then divide the mushrooms on top of the cheese. Cover with the remaining 4 slices of bread, butterside up.nHeat a frying pan over medium heat. Add the sandwiches and cook, turning once, until golden, about 2 minutes per side., ingredients: [10 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, seeds removed, 14 cup olive oil, divided, 6 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 Spanish onion, diced, 1 carrot, diced, 3 cups vegetable stock, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 8 slices countrystyle bread, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 pound fontina, grated], title: Creamy Roasted Tomato Soup with Grilled FontinaMushroom Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 15163: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the chicken, mango, black beans, onions, cilantro, garlic and crushed red pepper. Spoon evenly into the tortillas and roll up. Serve each wrap with 2 cups of the mixed greens garnished with the nuts.nEach serving: 485 total calories, with salad, ingredients: [2 cups chopped or shredded skinless, boneless white breast meat from a rotisserie chicken or 13 cup dark meat per each cup, 2 cups cubed mango, 1 cup lowsodium black beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup chopped red onion, 8 teaspoons chopped fresh cilantro, 8 cloves garlic, chopped, Crushed red pepper, generous pinch, Four 8inch 100calorie whole wheat tortillas, 8 cups mixed greens tossed with 10 to 15 pumps spray dressing, 12 cup roasted macadamia nuts], title: Caribbean Wrap, picturelink: cEUMGl6r9btn0uYYMujntYObR8XvOjq}, 15164: {instructions: Bring about 3 12 cups water to a boil in a small saucepan.nHeat a medium stockpot over mediumlow heat and add the oil. Saute the onions in the oil, gradually adding 1 cup of the boiling water and stirring frequently, until the onions are soft and golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Add the lima beans and cook until beginning to soften, 10 minutes more. Add the sugar, some salt and red pepper flakes and the remaining boiling water. Partially cover the pan and cook until the lima beans are tender, about 40 minutes. Use the back of a wooden spoon to gently mash onethird of the tender beans and combine to make creamy. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 onion, finely diced, 4 cups fresh shelled lima beans or two 10ounce packages frozen lima beans, 1 14 teaspoons sugar, Salt and red pepper flakes], title: Sweet Fresh Lima Beans, picturelink: Zs1g0XEQz74Xct37WKBlRbeo7c54hO}, 15165: {instructions: Soak the mustard seeds: Combine all ingredients in a quart jar or other sealable nonreactive container. Seal and refrigerate overnight, or up to 24 hours, shaking occasionally to distribute.nPrepare the jars and lids: Wash all jars and lids thoroughly with soap and water and rinse well. Fill your canner with enough water to cover the jars by at least 1 inch and bring to a simmer. Using a pair of canning tongs, lower the jars in gently, tilting them to fill with the hot water. In a small saucepan, keep some water warm but not boiling place the lids in the water. Have an additional kettle of water on to boil.nBlend the mustard: Use an immersion blender directly in the jar, or transfer the mix to a blender. Blend until desired level of smoothness.nCook down the mustard: Transfer the blended mustard to a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook, stirring frequently, until reduced by about a third, thick but still thin enough to pour easily. If the mustard becomes too thick, add water or wine a tablespoon at a time until thin enough to pour.nFill and close the jars: Using canning tongs, remove the jars from the canner, carefully pouring the water back into the canner. Set next to the mustard in the saucepan. Turn the heat under the canner to high. Use a ladle to pour the mustard into the jars through a canning funnel, leaving 12inch headspace at the top. Run a clean chopstick around the inside of the jar to dislodge any trapped air. Wipe the rims of the jars with a damp paper towel. Place the lids on, and screw on the rings until just fingertight.nSeal the jars: Using canning tongs, gently transfer the jars to the canner, taking care to keep them vertical. When all the jars are in the canner, there should be at least 1 inch of water covering them if you need more, add water from the kettle until the jars are sufficiently covered. Bring the water to a full rolling boil, and process for 10 minutes.nRemove and cool: Using canning tongs, gently remove the jars from the canner and transfer them to a kitchen towel or cooling rack, again keeping them vertical. Do not set hot jars directly on to cool counter surfaces. Leave to cool, undisturbed, for at least 12 hours. If any of the jars do not seal when cool, reprocess using the method above, or refrigerate and use immediately.nLabel and store: Add a label to the lid or side of your jar, noting the date it was canned. Remove the rings and store jars in a cool, dark place for up to one year. Refrigerate after opening., ingredients: [1 c. yellow or brown mustard seeds, or a blend of the two, 1 12 c. dry white wine, 1 c. water, 12 c. white wine vinegar, 14 c. dry mustard, 1 Tbsp onion powder, 1 tsp salt], title: DijonStyle Mustard, picturelink: 14BTHcVsTvPn7AXPgE3GEGEd4jrMXm}, 15166: {instructions: Lightly crush the cinnamon, peppercorns, cloves, and cardamom pods in a mortar and pestle or on a cutting board with the bottom of a saucepan. Transfer to a medium saucepan, add the ginger, citrus peels. Put the crushed spices in a medium saucepan and add the water. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer, partially covered, until aromatic, and the cinnamon stick opens a bit, about 10 minutes. Add the tea bags, immediately remove from the heat, and steep for 3 to 4 minutes.nRemove the tea bags, and add the cider and juice of 1 orange. Return the pan to a medium heat and warm, taking care not to let the tea boil. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 4inch cinnamon sticks, 12 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 2 to 3 whole cloves, 3 to 5 whole cardamom pods, 5 coinsize pieces fresh ginger, 2 1inch strips fresh orange peel, 2 1inch strips fresh lemon peel, 5 cups cold water, 4 bags orangepekoe tea, 3 cups apple cider, 1 orange, juiced], title: Hot Spiced Cider Tea, picturelink: null}, 15167: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the potatoes: Combine the potatoes, garlic, salt and butter in a 5quart saucepan with enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the potatoes are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain in a colander and remove the garlic cloves. Return the potatoes to the pan and mash the potatoes until smooth using a potato masher.nFor the kale: Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, salt and pepper. Cook until translucent, about 6 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until aromatic, about 30 seconds. Add the kale and chicken broth. Cook, stirring occasionally, until wilted, 10 to 12 minutes.nTo assemble: Add the kale mixture, mascarpone cheese, chicken broth, butter, Parmesan, salt and pepper to the potatoes. Stir over low heat until smooth and warmed through. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl and serve., ingredients: [5 large russet potatoes, peeled and chopped into 1inch pieces about 4 pounds, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, diced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, One 12ounce bunch kale, stemmed and chopped into 1inch pieces, 14 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature about 8 ounces, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into 12inch pieces, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning], title: Mashed Potatoes with Kale, picturelink: SaD.N6POH2quqQKWaMBOvrO5stANYDi}, 15168: {instructions: Put the chicken, onions, and red pepper in a large stockpot. Mine is 16 quarts. Rinse the garlic heads in cold water, then peel off the papery skin. Break the garlic head into individual cloves. Rinse and cut the roots off the cilantro. Cut a piece of cheesecloth the size of a kitchen towel. Put the garlic cloves, peppercorns, bay leaves, achiote seeds and cilantro on the cheesecloth, bring the ends together to make a little pouch, and tie the loosely with kitchen twine. Give the pouch a couple of good whacks with your kitchen mallet, and add it to the pot.nAdd enough cold water to cover the chicken by at least 2 to 3 inches. Drop in the ham hock, if using. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, skimming foam off of the top as it forms. When the water comes to a boil, adjust the heat so the broth cooks at a steady, but not rolling boil. Cook for 30 minutes.nCheck to make sure the breasts are cooked through, then remove them from the pan. Cook 15 minutes more, then remove the legs and thighs. Set the chicken aside to make another chicken dish. If youre using backs, necks, wings, etc., you dont have to remove anything. Leave the backs, necks and wings in to further flavor the broth.nCook for 1 hour. Set a strainer over a large bowl and line the strainer with a couple of layers of cheesecloth. Carefully strain the broth through the cheesecloth. Ladling it is the easiest and safest way. Add salt, to taste, and let cool before refrigerating., ingredients: [1 5pound chicken, cut into 10 pieces or 5 pounds chicken backs, wings, necks and gizzards, 2 large Spanish onions about 2 pounds, left whole and unpeeled, 1 large red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and cut into quarters, 1 large head garlic, 1 large bunch fresh cilantro, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoons achiote annatto seeds, optional, 1 ham hock, optional], title: Homemade Chicken Broth, picturelink: null}, 15169: {instructions: Special equipment: CheeseclothnMake the paneer: Bring milk to a full boil in a 6quart heavy pot, stirring occasionally. Add the salt, and lemon juice and remove from the heat. Gently stir around the edges as the milk separates and the curd forms in the center. Let sit for about 2 minutes.nPour mixture into a colander lined with a triple layer of dampened cheesecloth. Gather up edges of cheesecloth, twisting gently to squeeze out as much liquid as possible. Wrap the cheese tightly in the cheesecloth and wrap in a kitchen towel. Transfer the package to a bowl and weigh down with a bowl filled with water or a large can. Let stand at room temperature until firm, about 1 hour. Pour off any liquid that has accumulated in the bowl and cut the paneer into 12inch cubes.nMake the spinach: Cook spinach in 12 cup water in a large saucepan, covered, over moderately high heat until wilted and tender, about 2 minutes. Coarsely puree spinach, without draining, in a food processor. Set aside.nIn a minichopper, puree the garlic and ginger into a paste with the remaining 2 tablespoons water. Set aside.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown paneer in 2 batches, gently turning to avoid breaking up. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the paneer to paper towellined plate, leaving the oil behind in the skillet.nAdd the coriander seeds, cumin seeds, cloves, allspice, and cinnamon stick to the skillet and cook, stirring, until fragrant and the cinnamon stick unfurls, about 30 seconds. Add the onions and cook stirring, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add garlicginger paste and cook, stirring, until fragrant and almost dry, about 2 minutes. Add tomatoes and cook, stirring, until softened, about 4 to 6 minutes. Add spinach puree and simmer sauce, stirring occasionally, until thickened and almost all of liquid is evaporated, 2 to 4 minutes. Add cream and simmer, stirring, occasionally, until thickened. Gently stir in paneer and salt and simmer about 30 seconds more. Divide among plates and serve immediately.nServing Suggestion: Basmati rice ., ingredients: [10 cups whole milk, 2 teaspoons fine salt, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 bunches spinach about 1 pound, coarse stems discarded, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons water, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2inch long piece peeled fresh ginger, 13 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 4 whole cloves, 2 allspice berries, 3inch cinnamon stick, 2 onions, thinly sliced, 4 plum tomatoes, peeled and chopped, 12 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt], title: IndianStyle Fresh Cheese with Spinach: Palak Paneer, picturelink: null}, 15170: {instructions: Heat the wine and sugar in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Add the plums and vanilla bean and simmer until the plums are just tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer the plums to a plate using a slotted spoon, reserving the poaching liquid. Peel the plums, if desired, and slice into thin wedges.nSprinkle the gelatin over 12 cup cold water in a small bowl. Let sit 1 minute, then stir into the warm poaching liquid until the gelatin dissolves. Pour through a finemesh sieve into a bowl. Let cool to room temperature.nSpray three 3by5inch loaf pans or 8ounce bowls with cooking spray, wiping out the excess. Pour a 14inch layer of the gelatin mixture into each mold. Refrigerate until firm, about 20 minutes. Arrange half of the plum slices on top of the firm gelatin. Add just enough of the gelatin mixture to cover the fruit, then return to the refrigerator until firm, about 20 minutes. Repeat the process to make another gelatin layer and another fruit layer, then fill the molds with the remaining gelatin mixture and refrigerate until fully set, at least 3 hours or overnight.nUnmold the gelatin: Bring 2 inches of water to a simmer in a wide saucepan. Run a butter knife or small offset spatula around the top edge of the gelatin. Dip the bottom of each mold into the hot water for about 10 seconds, then invert onto plates.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [3 cups Japanese plum wine red or white, 14 cup sugar, 3 plums, halved and pitted, 12 vanilla bean, split, 2 14ounce packets unflavored gelatin powder, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Plum Wine Gelatin, picturelink: b7NtpyanVXCzFrAGH.4H993xUCIOi}, 15171: {instructions: Parboil the rotini pasta in boiling salted water for 8 minutes, and strain.nHeat the olive oil in a pan over medium heat, add the sliced onions and a pinch of sea salt to the pan and saute for 8 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and saute for another 35 minutes, or until caramelized.nRender the sausage in a dry pan over medium heat for 10 minutes, until crispy bits form. Add milk, halfand half, caramelized onions, sea salt, and ground pepper and bring to a boil. The second the mixture starts to boil, reduce the heat to mediumlow, add the Cheddar cheese, Friulano cheese, and bay leaf and stir until the cheese is melted, about 5 minutes.nIn a bowl, mix the cooked rotini pasta with the cheese sauce and transfer into a baking dish. Top with the panko bread crumbs, drizzle with melted butter and broil for a few minutes, or until the panko is golden brown and the edges crisp up., ingredients: [1 pound or 500 g rotini pasta, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 red onions, sliced 14inch thick, Pinch sea salt, 1 cup cured duck sausage, diced, 1 cup milk, 1 cup halfandhalf, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup brie cheese, rind removed, 1 cup grated 5year old Cheddar cheese, 12 cup grated Friulano or Fontina cheese, 1 bay leaf, 14 cup panko Japanese bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon melted butter, Pinch sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Baked Mac N Cheese with Caramelized Onions and Duck Sausage, picturelink: null}, 15172: {instructions: In a large pot put the shrimp, lemons cut in half, peppercorns, and a pinch of salt together. Fill with cold water just to cover the shrimp. Place the pot on high heat to boil. In the meantime put a strainer in the sink, and also fill a large bowl with ice and cold water. When the water reaches a boil the shrimp are cooked. Strain the shrimp from the water, and then plunge the hot shrimp into the ice water. This stops the cooking process immediately. Leave the shrimp in the cold water for a few minutes. Strain and reserve in the refrigerator. Peel and seed the melons, and dice into medium size pieces, or around the same size as the shrimp. Separate the diced melon from the trimmings. This is what we will make the dressing out of. In a blender combine half of the melon pieces, half of the mint, and half the olive oil. Blend until smooth. In a large mixing bowl put the shrimp, diced melon, and the dressing. Mix well and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving vessel, and garnish with remaining mint leaves and drizzle with olive oil. Season the top with salt and cracked pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds small raw shrimp 7190 is a perfect size, 2 lemons, 10 peppercorns, Salt and cracked pepper, 2 ripe cantaloupe, 2 ripe honeydew, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup fresh mint leaves], title: Poached Shrimp with Melon, picturelink: null}, 15173: {instructions: Mix the baking powder, 2 cups of the rice flour and 2 teaspoons salt in a large bowl. Pour the soda water into a blender, add the frozen French fries and puree until smooth. Pour the wet mixture into the dry ingredients and stir until completely incorporated.nPour 4 inches of the oil into a large pot with several inches of clearance. Dredge the fish in the remaining 12 cup of rice flour, then dip in the batter until they are well coated. Fry the battered fish in the oil, a few at a time, until they are golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain on paper towels, sprinkle with salt and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 teaspoon baking powder, 2 12 cups white rice flour, Kosher salt, 2 12 cups cold soda water, 1 cup frozen French fries, Rice bran oil, for frying, 1 pound white fish, such as cod, cut into strips], title: Fish and Chips, picturelink: agIlEeaIk8K.nZuBDoB9abgNqy3MsSS}, 15174: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees Fahrenheit.nSweat shallots and garlic in 2 tablespoons unsalted butter until soft, about 3 minutes. Add shiitakes, 12tablespoon thyme, and saute over medium heat 3 minutes. Deglaze with 1 ounce of white wine and cook until dry. Season with kosher salt and cayenne, to taste, and set aside to cool.nTo prepare rabbit, remove hind legs. Keep the belly flap attached to the loin. Rub the loin with mustard and remaining thyme. Roll the belly flap around the loin. Stuff the rabbit legthigh with the shiitake mixture and secure by wrapping each leg with 3 strips of bacon.nSeason rabbit legthigh and loin with kosher salt and pepper. In a large saute pan, heat 1tablespoon olive oil, sear rabbit leg on both sides careful not to burn the bacon. Sear for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from pan and rest in a warm spot. Deglaze the roasting pan with white wine, add creme fraiche and chicken stock, and let the sauce reduce by 12. Season with salt and fresh thyme. While the sauce is reducing, cook the loin until medium, about 5 minutes.nRemove the flap and julienne. Add the julienne belly meat to the salad greens, peas, tomatoes, fennel, and dress with lemon juice and extravirgin olive oil.nSaute wild mushrooms if available in whole butter while you are cooking the loin, hold warm while assembling plate.nTo plate, put warm folded crepe on plate, fill with dressed salad, fold the crepe over the salad, rest the rabbit leg against the crepe. Slice the loin into 3 pieces, and fan out. Sauce the plate with the pan juices and garnish with sauteed wild mushrooms.nIn a small bowl, whisk the chickpea flour into the waternHeat a crepe or small saute pan. Add olive oil until almost smoking. Ladle 4 ounces of chickpea batter into the crepe pan and swirl around, making the batter coat the entire bottom of the pan. Cook until edges start to brown. Flip 12 the crepe over the other half, making a 12 moon shape and remove from pan. Keep crepes under a cloth until time to plate dish., ingredients: [4 tablespoons minced shallots, 1teaspoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon, 8 ounce shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, finely chopped, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, plus another 12 tablespoon, plus to taste, 1 ounce white wine, plus 12 cup, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more, to taste, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 whole rabbit, deboned, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 6 slices uncooked bacon, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 3 tablespoons creme fraiche, 4 ounces chicken stock, 1 cup salad greens, such as arugula and watercress, 12 cup blanched fava beans or English peas, 12pint cherry tomatoes, cut in half, 1 small bulb fennel, shaved thinly, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 pound fresh wild mushrooms, such as chanterelles, Chickpea Crepes, recipe follows, 12 cup chickpea flour, 12 cup water, Olive oil, for sauteing], title: Roasted Rabbit with Ligurian Chickpea Cake and Chanterelles, picturelink: null}, 15175: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large nonstick saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, celery, bell peppers, jalapenos and onions and sprinkle over the salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, about 8 minutes. Add the chicken, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, and cook until it starts to brown. Stir in the chili powder and cumin and cook until the chicken is fully browned, about 6 minutes. Add the tomatoes, kidney beans and pinto beans and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until the flavors are blended and the chili begins to thicken, about 1 hour., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 to 2 bell peppers, diced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and diced, 1 medium onion, diced, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 pound ground chicken, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Two 14.5ounce cans petitecut diced tomatoes, One 15.5ounce can red kidney beans, One 15ounce can pinto beans], title: Game Time Chili, picturelink: qOTxPL8UQ2knJdF9bbG0BJU1TDh8iK}, 15176: {instructions: My most favorite memory of Bloody Marys was when I lived in Chicago Id just graduated and I was working at CNN. I felt so independent, so excited about the future in journalism ahead of me. One Sunday morning, I met up with a couple of my friends at a beer garden, where I had one of the best Bloody Marys ever not only did it come with bluecheese stuffed olives, but it also came with a shot of Guinness in the bottom. The beer gave it just a hint of bitterness and a nice depth. Now that I cant handle gluten ugh, I cant do the beer, but if you can, try it.nIn a minichopper, combine the mint, jalapeno, pickling juice, Worcestershire sauce, turmeric, paprika, garam masala, and salt and pepper, to taste. Whizz until the mint is finely minced and the mixture is as smooth as you can get it.nIn a pitcher, combine the mint mixture with the lime juice, lemon juice, tomato juice, and vodka. Stir, and pour into 4 icefilled glasses. Stab 2 or 3 blue cheese olives on a toothpick and let it fall into the glass along with an asparagus spear and pickled jalapeno. Garnish with lime and lemon wedges. Sip, and enjoy the rush that the jalapeno pepper will give you. Your brain will start tingling in the back Seriously, ingredients: [1 small bunch fresh mint, 1 whole pickled jalapeno, stem removed, 3 tablespoons jalapeno pickling juice, 1 12 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon garam masala, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup lime juice, 1 cup lemon juice, 16 ounces tomato juice, 7 ounces vodka, Blue cheesestuffed olives, pickled asparagus, and pickled jalapenos, for garnish, Lime and lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Bloody Miriam, picturelink: BYBCfkfhMYG3c7Ybc7UaZ6Ewn3gmYa}, 15177: {instructions: Heat some olive oil in a skillet and fry the bread with the garlic. Spread the fried read with pureed beans, season with salt and pepper, drizzle on more olive oil and garnish with chopped fresh fennel or pepper., ingredients: [Olive oil, Clove of peeled garlic, 2 large slices of good quality bread, 12 cup purred cooked cannelini beans, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped fresh fennel or slivers of roasted red peppers], title: Fried Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 15178: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and prepare two 9inch round cake pans with parchment paper and butter.nCombine the sugar, flour, baking soda and salt together in a large bowl and whisk until combined, set aside. Whisk together, eggs, buttermilk, oil and vanilla until well combined. Add the egg mixture to the dry ingredients and whisk until smooth. Slowly add the hot coffee and rum to the batter and whisk until totally blended and smooth, about 2 minutes. The batter will be quite runny.nDivide the batter into the prepared pans and bake for about 25 minutes or until set when tested with a toothpick. Cool completely.nFor the cherry filling and topping: Place the cherries and kirsch in a saucepot. Whisk together the sugar and cornstarch in a small bowl and then add to the cherries.nAdd the sugar mixture to the cherries and cook over low heat until the cherries come to a boil and the liquid thickens and is transparent, about 10 minutes. If you are using fresh cherries, you will want to cook them until the fruit is slightly tender.nTransfer to a bowl and cool to room temperature.nTo assemble the cake: Whip the cream, powdered sugar and vanilla to stiff peaks. Place one layer of the cake on a serving platter. Spread half of the whipped cream over the top. Distribute half the cherries over the cream. Repeat with the next layers of cake, cream and cherries. Serve immediately or place it in the refrigerator., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for greasing, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup cocoa powder it doesnt seem to make a difference if you use natural or Dutchprocess, sift if lumpy, 1 14 teaspoons baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 1 egg white, 34 cup buttermilk, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup hot coffee, 14 cup rum or brandy if you opt out of the booze then use more coffee, 3 cups fresh or frozen sweet dark cherries, pitted if you are using fresh cherries you will need to add 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons kirschwasser or brandy, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 cups whipping cream, 14 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Cherry Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 15179: {instructions: Ladyfingers:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nButter a 12 by 16inch baking tray. Line with parchment paper and brush again with butter.nIn a mixing bowl, whip the egg yolks with 14 cup sugar until ribbony and light in color. Reserve. In another mixing bowl, whip the egg whites to soft peaks. Slowly add the remaining 14 cup sugar and continue to whip to medium peaks. Sift the flour again. With a rubber spatula, fold half of the flour mixture into the yolk mixture. Fold in 12 of the egg white mixture. Then fold in the remaining 12 flour mixture. Lastly, fold in the remaining 12 egg white mixture. Pour the batter into prepared baking tray and with an offset spatula, carefully spreading the batter to fill the tray. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes until done and golden in color. Remove from the oven and allow to cool to room temperature. Use as needed. This can be made up to 2 weeks in advanced, wrapped in plastic wrap and foil and stored in the freezer.nMascarpone Cream:nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and sugar. Add the Marsala and brandy. Place over a doubleboiler and cook until mixture reaches 160 degrees F. Continue to cook mixture for another 5 minutes, until the mixture resembles a thick paste this is a sabayon. Remove from the doubleboiler and cool mixture over ice bath, until room temperature. Whip the mascarpone cheese to soft peaks. Fold into the cooled sabayon until well incorporated. Use as layers in the tiramisu or as needed. Can be made up to 4 hours ahead.nEspresso Syrup:nBrew fresh espresso. To 1 cup of hot espresso, add the brown sugar, sugar, lemon juice and vanilla extract. Stir until dissolved.nAssembly: Divide the sheet of ladyfinger into 2 8 by 10inch sheets. Divide espresso syrup into 2 portions. Divide the mascarpone cream into 3 portions. To assemble. spread the first portion of the mascarpone cream at the bottom of a deep 8 by 10inch mold topped with 1 sheet of ladyfinger. Pour 1 portion of espresso syrup on to layer of ladyfinger until soaked. Repeat process. Lastly, top with the remaining mascarpone cream and cover with grated chocolate. Cover mold and refrigerate at least 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [6 eggs, separated, 14 cup sugar, plus 14 cup, 1 cup cake flour, sifted, Melted butter, for brushing pan, 6 egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup Marsala, 14 cup brandy, 2 pounds mascarpone cheese, 1 cup espresso, hot, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup grated bittersweet chocolate], title: Tiramisu, picturelink: null}, 15180: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat 34 cup of olive oil over a medium flame. Add the anchovies and garlic to the hot oil. Using a wooden spoon, press the anchovies to break them up. They will appear to dissolve in the oil. Toss in the eggplant and cook until golden on all sides, about 3 minutes per side. Remove the eggplant from the oil and drain on paper towels.nPour the excess oil from the pan and discard. Add 12 cup of the remaining olive oil to the pan and heat over a medium flame. Toss in the onion and chili flakes and saute until the onion is translucent, about 3 minutes. Handcrush the tomatoes into the pan and stir well. Bring to a simmer for 10 minutes and then return the eggplant to the pan.nAdd the black olives, capers, raisins, and pine nuts to the pan, stir well, and sprinkle with the sugar and vinegar. Pour in the tomato sauce and stir taste and then season with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cover and simmer until ready to serve.nMeanwhile, coat the swordfish fillets in the remaining 14 cup olive oil, lemon juice, and basil. Marinate in the refrigerator for 20 minutes.nHeat a grill pan over a medium flame, and brush with oil to prevent the fish from sticking. Season the fish with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper and then place in the pan. Sear on both sides for 3 to 5 minutes per side, or until fully cooked through opaque in the center. Serve immediately with a generous spoonful of the caponata., ingredients: [1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil, 4 anchovies, bones removed and rinsed well, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 3 medium size eggplants, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 1 large onion, minced, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 3 medium ripe whole tomatoes, peeled and seeded, 12 cup black olives, pitted and quartered, 3 tablespoons capers, rinsed and drained, 12 cup raisins, 14 cup pine nuts, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 cup tomato sauce, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 4ounce fillets swordfish, skin and bloodlines removed, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 handful fresh basil leaves, chopped], title: Swordfish And Caponata Di Melanzanes, picturelink: 9rwkJGwrcOkdoJJyxb4Bu5DvQPt2oBC}, 15181: {instructions: Combine the peanut butter and coconut oil in a microwavesafe medium bowl, and microwave for 30second increments, stirring after each, until smooth and runny. Let cool at room temperature for a few minutes.nWhen ready to serve, pour the coating over the ice cream, and let it harden., ingredients: [12 cup smooth peanut butter, 14 cup virgin or extravirgin coconut oil or vegetable shortening, Chocolate, strawberry or Neapolitan ice cream], title: Peanut Butter Shell, picturelink: CZEgQxREB1XfQA5PGA20p1Sa1SZDliC}, 15182: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix the peanut butter, salt and powdered sugar until firm. Slowly melt the chocolate chips in a double boiler over hot, not boiling, water. You may also melt them in a microwave oven set on high for 2 minutes, stirring halfway through the heating time. Grease the muffin tin cups and spoon some chocolate into each cup, filling halfway. With a spoon, draw the chocolate up the edges of each cup until all sides are coated. Cool in the refrigerator until firm. Spread about a teaspoon of peanut butter onto the chocolate in each cup, leaving room for the final chocolate layer. Pour some chocolate onto the top of each candy and spread it to the edges. Let sit at room temperature, or covered in the refrigerator. Turn out of the pan when firm., ingredients: [1 cup peanut butter, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup powdered sugar, 1 12ounce package Hersheys milk chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Cups, picturelink: null}, 15183: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a flat top grill pan to mediumhigh heat.nIn a medium bowl, mix the ground pork, sausage, cheese, shallot, garlic, and salt and pepper, to taste. Form the meat mixture into small equalsized patties.nCook the burgers for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove them from the pan and serve on split rolls with a half a slice of bacon, lettuce, tomato and Smoked Paprika Mayonnaise.nMix all of the ingredients together in s medium bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until serving, allowing the flavors to meld. Can be made a day ahead., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground pork, 12 pound fresh Mexican chorizo sausage, casings removed, 14 cup finely grated Pepper Jack cheese, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices applewood smoked bacon, cooked crisp, 16 small dinner rolls, sliced in half, Curly leaf lettuce, 3 sliced plum tomatoes, Smoked Paprika Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Sriracha], title: Triple Pork Sliders, picturelink: 7wWGIEJ.c1ULqULdKRUHlZ19cIXGHIK}, 15184: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Spread all the vegetables out on a baking sheet. Sprinkle with the thyme and drizzle with oil. Roast for 1 hour or until well browned. Transfer vegetables to a large pot, cover with water and add bay leaf. Bring to a simmer and cook for 45 minutes. Cool and strain., ingredients: [4 carrots, washed, 3 ribs celery, cut in half, 2 tomatoes, quartered, 2 turnips, cleaned, trimmed and quartered, 2 large onions, peeled and quartered, 1 leek, trimmed and quartered, 3 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 cup olive oil, 1 bay leaf, 8 cups water], title: Roasted Vegetable Soup, picturelink: null}, 15185: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large pitcher. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours or up to 2 days. Serve over ice with pieces of the fruit., ingredients: [2 bottles dry white wine, 34 cup brandy, 12 cup Triple Sec, 34 cup simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water heated until sugar dissolves and cooled, 34 cup passion fruit puree, 2 cups fresh orange juice, 3 oranges, sliced into thin rounds, 3 green apples, cored and sliced thinly, 2 lemons, sliced into thin rounds, 1 cup blackberries, washed and sliced in 12], title: Passion Fruit Sangria, picturelink: null}, 15186: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Rub the garlic around the inside of an 8 by 8 by 2inch casserole dish and let it dry. Reserve the remaining garlic. Rub the butter around the inside of the dish. Reserve the remaining butter.nPeel and thinly slice the potatoes on a mandoline or vegetable slicer about 18inchthick slices.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the garlic, butter, potatoes, halfandhalf, salt, pepper to taste, and nutmeg. Bring to a boil, lower the heat to mediumhigh, and cook, stirring, until the mixture has thickened, about 5 minutes. Transfer the mixture to the prepared dish. Shake the pan so the potatoes are distributed evenly.nBake the potatoes, basting occasionally, until lightly browned and bubbly, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and let cool for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, smashed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 14 pounds Yellow Finn potatoes or other waxystyle potato, 2 cups halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Pinch nutmeg], title: Scalloped Potatoes, picturelink: rihd5TAppCPiQGekWb4CrjP9g2jsEi}, 15187: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the bacon to a heavybottomed Dutch oven over medium heat. Fry until crisp, then transfer to a paper towellined plate and reserve. To the same Dutch oven, add the onion, garlic, and carrot, and saute until the vegetables are tender, roughly 4 minutes. Add the ham steak and red pepper flakes and adjust the seasonings with salt and black pepper, to taste. Add the Swiss chard and saute until it begins to soften.nStir in the chicken broth, chickpeas or blackeyed peas, and the canned tomatoes with their juices. Bring the soup to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and let cook for 30 minutes. Taste for seasoning and add more salt and pepper, if necessary. Splash with some hot sauce and Worcestershire sauce. Ladle the soup into serving bowls and sprinkle each serving with Parmesan cheese and bacon., ingredients: [3 slices bacon, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 large carrot, diced, One 6ounce piece smoked ham steak, diced into 14inch cubes, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 small bunch Swiss chard, stemmed and sliced into thin ribbons, 1 quart lowsodium chicken broth, One 16ounce can chickpeas or blackeyed peas, drained and rinsed, One 15ounce can diced tomatoes, Hot sauce, as needed, Worcestershire sauce, as needed, Grated Parmesan, for garnish], title: Neelys Chickpea, Ham and Swiss Chard Soup, picturelink: rLuSGc0XSwBU2pCMnW8QtgPHisHzg8i}, 15188: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saute pan over medium heat, add 1ounce olive oil and all raw vegetables except beans. Saute until translucent. Remove and cool.nAdd veggies to beans and mix thoroughly. Add all dry ingredients along with the egg. Thoroughly mix all ingredients and form into 4 patties, cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nIn saute pan add 1ounce olive oil, and cook patties 2 to 3 minutes per side., ingredients: [2 ounces olive oil, 3 tablespoons diced red onion, 2 tablespoons diced black olives, 2 tablespoons diced red bell peppers, 1 teaspoon diced jalapeno, 1 12 tablespoons diced garlic, 1 tablespoon diced artichoke, 4 ounces black beans, drained, 4 ounces chickpeas, drained, 4 ounces white beans, drained, 6 ounces rolled oats, 12 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon celery salt, 14 teaspoon ground sage, 2 tablespoons seasoned bread crumbs, 1 egg], title: Morgans Veggie Patties, picturelink: g68nc.CVT2MPuqp.KiehyVHpj1KWOO}, 15189: {instructions: Special equipment: a waffle ironnFor the waffles: Whisk together the cornmeal, flour, Parmesan, baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, cayenne, garlic powder and a few grinds of black pepper in a large bowl. Whisk together the buttermilk, grapeseed oil, sugar and eggs in a medium bowl. Pour the wet mixture into the dry mixture, and gently stir until just incorporated its OK if there are some lumps. Let the batter rest for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat a waffle iron to mediumhigh. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Spray the top and bottom of the waffle iron with cooking spray. Fill the waffle iron about threequarters full with batter some of the waffle iron should still be showing. Close the lid gently, and cook according to manufacturers directions until golden brown and crisp. Keep the cooked waffles warm in the oven.nFor the shrimp: Sprinkle the shrimp lightly with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp in a single layer, and cook until they just start to turn bright pink on the bottom, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the wine, scraping up any browned bits on the bottom of the skillet, bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the shrimp are opaque and cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes if the pan gets too dry, add water 1 tablespoon at a time. Add the tomatoes and scallions, and toss with the shrimp until the tomatoes just begin to soften, about 1 minute. Add the butter pieces, and swirl the pan until theres a thick sauce. Stir in the Parmesan and hot sauce.nArrange 2 waffles per plate, and spoon the shrimp and sauce evenly over the waffles. Serve with lemon wedges and more hot sauce., ingredients: [1 cup cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 3 tablespoons grapeseed or vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, Cooking spray, 1 pound large peeled, deveined shrimp, tails removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup grape or cherry tomatoes, halved, 4 scallions, sliced, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, plus more for serving, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Shrimp and Waffles, picturelink: tEPwjsQTfDHNmO8VMlh2NmDgNSK0XK}, 15190: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Once hot, stir in the onions and saute until softened, about 4 minutes. Toss in the red pepper, garlic, kale and some salt and pepper and continue to cook for 2 more minutes. Pour in the tomatoes and stir to combine, then add the chicken stock. Turn the heat to medium, cover with a lid and cook until the kale is silky and tender, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 2 bunches curly kale, cleaned well, center stems removed, and torn, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups whole peeled tomatoes, 34 cup chicken stock], title: Braised Kale and Tomatoes, picturelink: QpNxFLJ3KemXCMc3dWxK79bPPEXbBT6}, 15191: {instructions: Slice peaches and place in a bowl. Sprinkle peaches with sugar and add 4 jiggers of good port wine. Toss peaches in wine to coat and let stand 15 minutes. Spoon peaches into dessert dishes and top with a small scoop of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [4 ripe peaches, 2 teaspoons sugar, 4 jiggers port wine, 4 scoops vanilla ice cream], title: Peaches and Port, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 15192: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBoil a large pot of water for macaroni. Salt water and under cook macaroni, cook about 7 minutes until just under al dente in doneness.nPreheat broiler and set rack 12 inches from heat.nWhile pasta works, heat a large deep nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, then add hot dogs and brown on both sides, 4 minutes total. Remove the dogs with a slotted spoon to a paper towel lined plate. Add another tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, and the butter. When butter melts, cook onions 4 to 5 minutes, then add flour and cook another minute. Add beer and cook off completely, 1 minute. Whisk in milk and bring to a bubble, then season the sauce with salt and pepper and stir in the mustard and ketchup. Lower heat and add 2 cups of the cheese. Stir to melt, 1 minute. Adjust mustard, ketchup, and salt and pepper, to your taste.nDrain pasta well. Combine pasta and hot dogs with sauce and coat evenly then pour into large casserole and top with remaining cheese. Melt and brown cheese under broiler, 2 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [1 pound elbow macaroni, Salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 package beef or pork hot dogs, chopped into 1inch pieces, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons all purpose flour, 12 cup beer, 13 of a bottle  whatever you have on hand, chicken broth can be substituted, 2 cups milk, Pepper, 1 rounded tablespoon spicy mustard, 2 rounded tablespoons ketchup, 3 cups yellow sharp Cheddar, shredded, divided Buy preshredded cheese. You will need 1 12 sacks of 10ounce packages.], title: Mac and Cheese Dog Casserole, picturelink: utgqT6wTzXf3iE5qTnw6dYU.YaXAepi}, 15193: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F.nFor the crust: Melt the butter, covered in the microwave, in a medium microwavesafe bowl, or a saucepan. Brush a 9inch springform pan with some of the butter. Stir the remaining butter together with the crumbs, sugar, and salt. Press the crumb mixture over the bottom of the pan, taking care to get the crust evenly into the edges. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes. Cool. Wrap the bottom and up the sides of the pan with foil and put in a roasting pan.nFor the filling: Beat the cream cheese on medium speed with a handheld mixer until smooth. Add the granulated sugar and beat just until light and fluffy, scraping the sides of the bowl and beaters as needed. Slowly beat in the sour cream, then eggs, vanilla and both citrus zests take care not to over whip. Pour into the cooled crust.nBring a medium saucepan or kettle of water to a boil. Gently place the roasting pan in the oven dont pull the rack out of the oven. Pour in enough hot water to come about halfway up the side of the springform pan. Bake the cheesecake for about 1 hour and 10 minutesthe outside of the cake will set but the center will still be loose.nFor the topping: Stir together the sour cream, confectioners sugar and vanilla. Spread over the top of the cooked cheesecake and return to the oven for 5 minutes. Turn the oven off, cook the cheesecake in the residual heat in the oven for about 1 hour. This gentle finish minimizes the risk of the dreaded crack in your cheesecake.nRemove cheesecake from the roasting pan to a rack. Run a knife around the edges and cool to room temperature. Cover and refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight.nBring cheesecake to room temperature 30 minutes before serving. Remove the springform ring. Dip a knife in warm water, wipe dry before slicing each piece. Serve with berries, if desired., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups graham cracker crumbs, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, Pinch fine salt, 2 pounds cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 1 14 cups sour cream, 6 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon vanilla paste see Cooks Note or extract, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 34 cup sour cream, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla paste or extract, Berries, optional], title: Classic Cheesecake, picturelink: okXlO3G6428ds8Pfody3ituTaZ.SnCu}, 15194: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 skewersnSkewer hot dog pieces, tomatoes, and pineapple chunks alternately onto 4 skewers.nSpray a grill pan lightly with nonstick spray, and bring to mediumhigh heat.nAdd skewers and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Flip skewers over the grill pan, and cook until the tomatoes and pineapple have softened and are slightly blackened, another 3 to 4 minutes.nOnce cool enough to handle, pull the food off the sticks and eat, ingredients: [4 hot dogs with about 40 calories and 1g fat or less each, each cut into 5 segments, 16 cherry tomatoes, 16 pineapple chunks], title: Fresh and Fruity Hot Dog Skewers, picturelink: baNE3J.WhT8SpO9fWz9XqCHk.Eswq}, 15195: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the corn, in its husks, directly on the oven rack and roast for 20 minutes until the corn is soft when you press on it.nTo finish off the corn, peel down the husks, remove the corn silk, and tie the husks in a knot so you can hold on to it like a handle. Char the corn on a hot grill, over a gas flame, or under a broiler, until the kernels are slightly blackened all around and start popping, about 6 minutes. Rub the corn with mayonnaise, sprinkle with Parmesan and cayenne pepper so its nicely coated. Serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [8 ears fresh corn, unhusked, Mayonnaise, Grated Parmesan, Cayenne pepper, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Roasted Corn with Parmesan and Cayenne, picturelink: sKHNZkl5tAjTFV4GdeGiaNiYxQQz1.}, 15196: {instructions: Heat the butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the spinach, ham, and scallions to the skillet, stirring with a wooden spoon to combine. Cook for 2 minutes, and then pour the eggs over the spinach mixture. Allow the eggs to begin to set, and then add pesto, salt, and pepper. Stir together until eggs are cooked evenly. Serve with favorite breakfast accompaniments.nAdd the spinach, basil, garlic, and cheese, if using, to a food processor and begin to pulse on low speed. Slowly add the olive oil while the processor is running. Pulse until the ingredients are blended into a smooth sauce, being careful not to overmix. Season, to taste, with salt., ingredients: [2 tablespoons clarified butter, 12 cup fresh spinach greens, washed and dried, 14 cup smoked ham, diced, 18 cup scallions, chopped, 3 eggs, whisked, 1 heaping tablespoon Spinach Pesto, recipe follows, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 12 cups packed fresh spinach greens, washed and dried, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, 4 cloves roasted garlic, chopped, 14 cup grated Parmesan, optional, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt], title: Green Eggs and Ham, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 15197: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a small saucepan with enough cold water to cover and season with salt. Bring to a boil and then simmer, uncovered, until just tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and put in a large bowl.nBring a medium pot of water to a boil and salt it generously. Fill a medium bowl with ice water and salt it as well. Add the corn, beans, and broccoli to the boiling water and cook until crisptender, about 2 minutes. Use a slotted spoon or strainer to scoop out the vegetables and plunge them immediately into the ice water. Drain the vegetables, pat them dry, and add to the bowl of potatoes along with the tomatoes and cucumber. Toss the salad with 12 cup of the dressing. Taste, and add more salt and pepper, if desired. The salad may be prepared up to this point 2 hours ahead and refrigerated.nWhen ready to serve, toss the salad with the greens and the sprouts, if desired, and with a bit more dressing if you like your salad on the welldressed side. Pass the remaining dressing at the table.nKnowHow: Immersing vegetables in boiling salted water and then plunging them into ice water is called blanching and refreshing. Having the water at a full rolling boil before adding the vegetables, as well as cooking uncovered, is the key to keeping green vegetables vibrant.nSmash the garlic clove, sprinkle with the salt, and, with the side of a large knife, mash and smear the mixture to a coarse paste. Scrape the paste into a small bowl, add the remaining ingredients, and whisk well to make a creamy dressing. Use immediately or refrigerate in a tightly sealed container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [8 ounces small redskinned potatoes, halved, Kosher salt, 1 cup fresh corn kernels from 2 ears of corn, 1 cup chopped fresh green or wax beans, 1 cup small broccoli florets, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 kirby cucumber with peel, chopped, Ranch Dressing, recipe follows, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups torn mixed greens, such as arugula, romaine, and watercress, 1 cup sprouts, such as alfalfa, broccoli, radish, or pea, optional, 1 clove garlic, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 1 scallion white and green parts, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Summer Chopped Salad with Ranch Dressing, picturelink: lnC9qciRfCLeUCIq0zkZIGv5sLwx3h2}, 15198: {instructions: What to dip: crusty mixed grain bread, French or Italian bread, cut into bitesized cubes leave a piece of crust on each cube Cooked chicken breast, skin and bone removed, cut into bitesized cubes cooked garlic sausage or knockwurst, cut into bitesized wedges boiled new potatoes asparagus spears, broccoli florets or cauliflower florets prepared for dipping.nRub the inside of a medium, heavybottomed saucepan with the garlic discard the garlic. Add the wine and lemon juice and bring to a bare simmer over medium heat.nIn a medium bowl, toss the Gruyere, Emmentaler, and Appenzeller cheeses with the cornstarch. A handful at a time, stir the cheese mixture into the wine, stirring the first batch until it is almost completely melted before adding another. The fondue can bubble gently, but do not boil. Stir in the kirsch and season with the nutmeg and pepper.nTransfer to a cheese fondue pot and keep warm over a fondue burner. Serve immediately with dipping ingredients, ingredients: [1 garlic clove, peeled, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 8 ounces Gruyere cheese, rind trimmed and discarded, and shredded about 2 12 cups, 8 ounces Emmentaler cheese, rind trimmed and discarded, and shredded about 2 12 cups, 3 ounces Appenzeller cheese, cut into cubes about 12 cup, 4 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon kirsch, A few gratings of fresh nutmeg, Freshly ground pepper, to taste], title: Classic Swiss ThreeCheese Fondue, picturelink: null}, 15199: {instructions: In a large stock pot place potatoes, garlic, cold water and salt. The water should taste salty and completely cover the potatoes. Bring to a boil and cook for 3045 minutes until a pierced potato slides easily off of the knife. Do not over cook. Drain potatoes and garlic, place on a rack and in a 250 degree oven to dry them out a bit, about 15 minutes. Transfer potatoes to a mixer with a paddle, may have to be done in 2 batches. On medium speed, mix the potatoes smooth and add half of the cream, butter, horseradish, wasabi and season. Add the rest of the cream and check for flavor. Reserve warm., ingredients: [8 large russet potatoes, peeled and quartered, Cloves of 3 heads of garlic, 3 cups heavy cream, reduced by 50, 4 ounces butter, 14 cup horseradish, 2 tablespoons wasabi paste, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Two Horseradish Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 15200: {instructions: Combine the olive oil, salt, pepper, rosemary, chili, and celery seed in a shallow dish and smear the filet mignon with the spiced ointment. Marinate for 10 minutes at room temperature. On mediumhigh heat, pansear the steak for 4 minutes on its first side, then 3 minutes on its second side you should hear a hot sizzle all the way. Transfer to the bottom rack of an oven for 35 minutes depending on the thickness of your steak and desired doneness. This last step is the most important: let your meat rest for at least 5 minutes so the juices can redistribute., ingredients: [1 filet mignon 14 pound, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, black pepper, 12 teaspoon dried rosemary, 14 teaspoon dried chili flakes, 14 teaspoon celery seed], title: Cute Steak, picturelink: null}, 15201: {instructions: Preheat the grill to medium.nCut the tomato in half and grate it on the coarse side of a box grater. Reserve the tomato pulp.nGrill the bread slices on both sides until they are slightly charred. When the bread comes off the grill rub each slice with a garlic clove and drizzle generously with olive oil. Top each toast with tomato pulp and a tiny sprinkle of salt. Cover tomato with a slice of ham and serve.nCinchy, ingredients: [1 ripe beefsteak tomato, 6 thick, bias cut, slices baguette, 2 garlic cloves, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 6 slices serrano ham], title: Catalan Toasts, picturelink: null}, 15202: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine the blackberries, 14 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon of flour in a mixing bowl. Allow it to sit until the berries begin to soften and juices flow, about 3 to 5 minutes. Meanwhile, grease 6 8ounce ramekins using 2 tablespoons butter and arrange them on a baking sheet. Divide the berries among the ramekins.nCut 1 cup of butter into cubes and freeze. In a bowl, combine the remaining 12 cup sugar, remaining 12 cup of flour, the cornmeal and the salt. Cut in the butter with a fork to make a pealike texture and sprinkle it on top of the berries in the ramekins. Bake until the berries bubble and the topping is baked to a light golden color, approximately 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [4 cups fresh blackberries, 34 cup light brown sugar, divided, 1 teaspoon selfrising flour, plus 12 cup, 2 tablespoons butter, plus 1 cup, 23 cup white stoneground cornmeal, Pinch salt], title: Cobble Topped Blackberries, picturelink: null}, 15203: {instructions: Bake the pie shell in a square or round tart pan according to package instructions. Remove from the oven and let cool slightly.nMeanwhile, combine the cream cheese, Gorgonzola, thyme, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. Using a hand blender, whip the cheeses together.nIn a large, heavy skillet, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the pears and cook until golden on both sides, about 5 minutes.nWhen the tart crust has cooled slightly, gently spread the whipped cheese mixture evenly over the bottom of the tart. Place the pear slices in a decorative pattern over the cheese mixture. Sprinkle the thin strips of prosciutto over the pears.nCut into squares or wedges and serve., ingredients: [1 store bought pie shell, 4 ounces cream cheese, 2 ounces Gorgonzola, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, chopped, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 small pears, cored and sliced, 2 ounces prosciutto, cut into thin strips], title: Pear Gorgonzola Tart, picturelink: aeP3v3r9OG4iXXPMOpqNHXN2vmOyRC}, 15204: {instructions: Place duck in a medium glass bowl breast side up. Use your fingers separate the skin from the meat without tearing it. Cut the orange in half and squeeze over the duck, then place the rinds in the cavity. In a small bowl, mix together the thyme, rosemary, 1 tablespoon salt and the pepper. Sprinkle mixture all over the duck. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight, rotating the duck after 2 hours so the breast side is down.nIn the bottom of a pot with a steamer insert, combine the sugar, tea bags, and water and bring to a simmer. Place marinated duck in steamer legs down and cover. Steam for 30 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool for 10 minutes.nPreheat rotisserie to 275 degrees F.nIn a medium glass bowl, mix together remaining salt and the molasses. Rub the mixture over the steamed duck. Place the duck on the spit. Cook duck for 1 hour or until meat is cooked through and skin is crispy. Remove from oven and let rest for 20 minutes before carving., ingredients: [1 3 to 5pound duck, giblets removed, 1 orange, 1 sprig fresh thyme, chopped, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, chopped, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 Earl Grey tea bags, 3 cups water, 2 tablespoons molasses], title: Vanderbilt Traditional Christmas Duck, picturelink: null}, 15205: {instructions: In a bowl mix all the spices together. Save 1 tablespoon of the rub for sauce. Rub the rest of the mixture vigorously into the pork. Wrap the pork and refrigerate for 24 hnPlace vinegar, sugar, jalapeno and dry rub mixture into a medium saucepan over medium hot heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from heat.nPreparation: Using only one side of the grill, build a fire with 6 to 10 pounds of charcoal. You will control the heat of the fire by restricting the air flow. Add presoaked hickory chips on the charcoal and smoke should develop. Place the pork butt on the opposite side of the grill as the fire and close the lid. Shut down all air flow possible and maintain a temperature of 225 to 250 degrees for 5 12 to 6 12 hours or until the internal temperature of the meat reaches 180 degreesthis is the hard part of barbequing. Remove the pork from the grill and wrap it in heavy duty foil. Let it sit covered in foil for 30 minutes. Unwrap the pork and remove the skin and excess fat. Tear the pork into shreds with forks or your fingers. Place the shredded pork in a bowl and toss with the sauce. Pile the pork high on a bun and serve witnWash all the potatoes. Cut the yams into quarters. Wrap the potatoes in foil. Place all the potatoes in the foil in a single layer on the grill and roast for 12 hour. Remove the potatoes from the grill and allow to cool. Cut the red, Yukon gold and 12 of the yams into 12inch pieces. Take the remaining pound of yams and remove the skin. Blend the skinless yams, mustard, mayonnaise, lemon juice and celery seed until smooth. Fold in the scallions and cut potatoes and season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate for 2 hours before serving.nCole Slaw: 14 cup cider vinegar 1 tablespoon honey 1 teaspoon salt 12 teaspoon chipotle powder 12 cup mayonnaise 1 tablespoon Frenchs Dijon mustard 1 12 pounds red cabbage, thinly shreddednMix vinegar, honey, salt, chipotle powder, mayonnaise and mustard. Add the cabbage. Toss to coat evenly and ref, ingredients: [1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon chipotle powder, 1 tablespoon dried sage powder, 6 pounds pork butt, bone in, 1 cup vinegar, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 6 jalapenos, minced, 1 tablespoon dry rub, 1 12 pounds small red potatoes, 1 12 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, 2 pounds yams, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 teaspoons celery seed, 4 tablespoons chopped scallions, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Smoky North Carolina Pulled Pork Sandwich with Reds Barbecue Sauce, Three Potato Salad and Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 15206: {instructions: Special equipment: a salad spinnernPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Adjust one oven rack to the uppermiddle position and the other oven rack to the lowermiddle position.nRemove and discard the ribs from the kale, then slice each leaf in half. In a large bowl, toss the kale with the oil and salt until evenly coated.nDivide the kale among 2 baking sheets, making sure they are in a single layer and not overlapping. Sprinkle the Parmesan cheese over the kale. Set the baking sheets on the oven racks and bake, switching the baking sheets from bottom to top and top to bottom midway through baking, until the kale shrinks in size, about 20 minutes it may not be completely crispy at this point, but as it cools it will crisp up.nAllow the kale chips to cool completely and crisp up before serving., ingredients: [2 bunches kale, washed and dried well preferably using a salad spinner, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 cup finelygrated Parmesan cheese], title: Parmesan Kale Chips, picturelink: null}, 15207: {instructions: Remove the flesh from 1 brown coconut, reserving the water see Cooks Note. Peel off the skin and cut the flesh into small pieces. Transfer to a blender and add the reserved coconut water puree until almost smooth. Bring the coconut mixture and 1 12 cups water to a boil in a saucepan, then remove from the heat and let stand 30 minutes strain through a finemesh sieve and chill. For each drink, shake 14 cup of the mixture with 13 cup pineapple juice and 2 tablespoons spiced rum in a shaker with ice. Strain into an icefilled glass.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Fresh Pina Coladas, picturelink: b7NtpyanVXCzFrAGH.4H993xUCIOi}, 15208: {instructions: Cut the sweet corn kernels from the cob with a sharp knife. Mix together all the ingredients except the oil. Cover and refrigerate for at least half a day.nHeat a spoonful of oil in a frying pan and drop in tablespoons of the crab mixture. Fry in batches briskly until brown and flip and cook the other side. Drain the fritters on paper towels and keep warm until all are cooked. Serve as soon as possible., ingredients: [6 ears fresh sweet corn, 3 ounces crab meat, 1 medium onion, grated, 2 tablespoons fresh coriander cilantro, chopped, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 12 ounces flour, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Groundnut oil peanut oil], title: Crab, Corn and Coriander Fritters, picturelink: null}, 15209: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 13 by 9inch glass baking dish.nDrizzle the eggplant slices, fennel slices and peppers with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Grill the vegetables for 3 to 4 minutes each side until softened.nSpoon 34 cup of the marinara sauce over the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Arrange the eggplant slices on top. Sprinkle with 1 cup of mozzarella cheese and 13 cup Parmesan cheese. Arrange the peppers in a single layer on top. Spoon 34 cup of marinara sauce over the peppers. Sprinkle with 1 cup of mozzarella cheese and 13 cup Parmesan cheese. Arrange the fennel on top and cover with the remaining sauce. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese. Scatter the bread crumbs over the cheese and drizzle liberally with oil. Bake until the top is golden and forms a crust, about 30 to 35 minutesnRemove from the oven and cool for 10 minutes before serving.nCooks Note: The vegetables can also be baked in a 375 degrees F oven for 15 to 20 minutes until softened., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium eggplant, cut into 14 to 12inch thick slices, 2 medium fennel bulbs, trimmed and sliced into 14inch thick pieces, 1 red bell pepper, cut into thirds, 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into thirds, 1 orange bell pepper, cut into thirds, 1 26ounce jar marinara sauce, 3 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 cup plain bread crumbs], title: Vegetable Parmesan, picturelink: Xhtdum5Z.QDlT4P6jG.e4pVuQ.nR4fC}, 15210: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the salt, pepper, and herbs in a large bowl. Pour the oil into a large cast iron skillet and set over mediumhigh flame or charcoal grill. When the oil reaches a slight smoke, add the potatoes in a single layer and fry until they get nice and crackled on all sides. Cover the potatoes completely with the salt mixture, and cook for about 1 hour until the salt forms a cooked crust and the potatoes are tender. Break open the crust to serve., ingredients: [2 cups kosher salt, Several turns coarsely ground black pepper, 4 fresh rosemary sprigs, ripped in pieces, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, ripped in pieces, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 small yellow potatoes, such as fingerling or Yukon, rinsed, scrubbed, and patted dry], title: SaltCrusted Potatoes, picturelink: x00Ux5TjE3Hf81upzAq5XWgzxfZb8qG}, 15211: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.n2. Drain 1 can tomatoes and set aside.n3. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brown beef, stirring frequently. Add 1 can tomatoes and its liquid, 12 of the drained tomatoes, the refried beans and chili powder. Stir until well blended. Cook 5 minutes or until beginning to boil, stirring occasionally.n4. Place in shallow 2 12quart baking dish. Sprinkle the remaining tomatoes evenly over all and top with corn and cheese.n5. Bake 810 minutes or until cheese is melted. Garnish with cilantro and sour cream, if desired. Serve warm with tortilla chips., ingredients: [2 cans 14.5 oz. each Del Monteu00ae Petite Diced Tomatoes with Chipotle Chilies or Del Monteu00ae Petite Diced Tomatoes with Zesty Jalapenos, 1 lb. extra lean ground beef, 1 can 16 oz. fatfree refried beans, 1 Tbsp. chili powder, 1 can 15.25 oz. Del Monteu00ae Whole Kernel CornNo Salt Added, well drained, 6 oz. shredded lowfat Mexican cheese blend or 3 oz. mozzarella and 3 oz. reduced fat cheddar cheese 1 12 cups. total, Tortilla chips, Optional, chopped cilantro or green onions, Optional, sour cream], title: Enchilada Bean Dip with Corn, picturelink: wzSXy2Nntf0NjF9gGDTVFew3CFstqJi}, 15212: {instructions: For the crispy kale chips: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nDrizzle the olive oil over the kale and massage it into the leaves so that they are completely coated. Place on a baking sheet and sprinkle with sea salt. Bake until crispy, 20 to 30 minutes.nFor the quinoa breakfast bowl: Add the quinoa and water to a medium saucepot and bring to a boil over medium heat. Add the carrots, garlic and a pinch of salt. Cover, reduce the heat to low and simmer until tender, about 15 minutes.nSet a medium saute pan over medium heat and add the olive oil and shiitake mushrooms. Saute until brown on both sides, about 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nTo assemble each bowl: Start with 1 cup quinoa, then layer onequarter of the mushrooms on top. Next, add one of the cooked eggs and a dash of hot sauce if using. Sprinkle with the kale chips and garnish with fresh Parmesan shavings., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 head kale, rinsed, dried, stems discarded and leaves cut into pieces, Sea salt, 1 cup red or white quinoa, 2 cups water or chicken broth, 12 cup shredded carrots, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups sliced shiitake mushrooms, 4 large eggs, cooked sunnyside up or your favorite way, for serving, Hot sauce, for serving, optional, Parmesan shavings, for garnish], title: Quinoa Breakfast Bowl with Crispy Kale Chips, picturelink: Xem.7RcJDLY4FHMF9rlmu0zfrbTDi}, 15213: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the edamame, onion, cilantro, garlic, lime juice, miso, salt, chili paste and pepper into the bowl of a food processor and process for 15 seconds. Stop to scrape down the sides of the bowl and process for another 15 to 20 seconds. With the processor running, slowly drizzle in the olive oil. Once all of the oil has been added, stop, scrape down the bowl and then process another 5 to 10 seconds. Taste and adjust seasoning, as desired. Serve with chips or crackers. Store in an airtight container for up to 5 days.nPlace the edamame and water into a large microwavesafe bowl. Microwave on high for 4 to 6 minutes. Drain any excess water and serve as is or salted., ingredients: [12 ounces shelled, cooked, and cooled edamame, about 2 cups, recipe follows, 14 cup diced onion, 12 cup tightly packed fresh cilantro or parsley leaves, 1 large garlic clove, sliced, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime or lemon juice, 1 tablespoon brown miso, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon red chili paste, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound edamame, fresh or frozen, in or out of shell, 14 cup water, Kosher salt, optional], title: Edamame Dip, picturelink: SWY0JjCmPRmfQdPrKXIR6WKj.to6Ym}, 15214: {instructions: To prepare the sauce: Heat a 2 12quart saucepan over medium heat and when hot, add 3 tablespoons oil. When oil is hot, stir in minced onion, green and red pepper, celery and garlic. Cook over mediumlow heat until vegetables are softened and fragrant, about 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in tomato puree, tomato paste, ketchup, vinegar, molasses and Worcestershire sauce. Bring mixture to a simmer and turn heat down to very low. Simmer sauce with the cover ajar for 1 hour. Meanwhile, heat an 8inch skillet over high heat and when hot, add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil. When oil is hot, add chopped mushrooms and cook mushrooms, stirring over highheat until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn heat off and set skillet aside. After sauce has been simmering for 1 hour, uncover and add Sauteed chopped mushrooms, prepared fresh tomatoes, oregano, Bovril seasoning and some freshly ground black pepper. Bring back to a simmer and cook with the cover ajar for 30 minutes more. Uncover and let cool until needed.nNote: If you plan on cooking right away, just measure out 2 cups of the sauce, and let the remaining sauce cool. Freeze for the next time.nTo add browned ground meat: Heat a 10inch deepsided skillet over medium heat and, when hot, add the ground meat and break up with a wooden spoon. Cook meat until separate and golden brown, then remove from the stove and drain out any excess fat from skillet. Return pan to stove and stir in 2 generous cups of prepared sauce to meat. Bring mixture to a gentle simmer over low heat and cook uncovered until flavors mingle and the mixture is piping hot throughout, about 10 minutes. Add some more freshly ground black pepper to taste andnNote: If serving 4, brown 1 pound of ground meat and add 1 generous cup of sauce.nTo assemble Sloppy Joes and serve: Spoon ground beef mixture onto split hamburger buns that have been spread lightly with butter and broiled to toast the buttered side only. Serve hot.nVariation Tips:nThis Sloppy Joe mixture is not only great on buns, but its also fabulous over hot lightly buttered pasta. Toss in some cooked peas fresh or frozen and youve got yourself a hearty and delicious meal. Alternatively, stir this into a bowl of cooked long grain white rice, for a change of texture.nAnd dont throw out any leftovers...heat it up the next night and spoon it onto baked potatoes. Eat as is or if desired, sprinkle the top lightly with grated cheddar cheese and broil until the cheese is melted and bubbling. Now, add a simple green tossed in a light vinaigrette and youve got yourself yet another easy and delicious meal, ingredients: [3 tablespoons pure olive oil, 1 cup packed minced yellow onion, 12 cup packed minced green sweet bell pepper, 14 cup minced red sweet bell pepper, 2 tablespoons minced celery, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups canned tomato puree, 2 rounded tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup prepared ketchup, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 14 cup molasses, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 1 cup chopped cleaned mushrooms, 8 or 9 fresh plum tomatoes, skinned, seeded and coarsely chopped to measure 1 12 packed cups, 1 teaspoon crumbled dried aromatic oregano, 1 teaspoon Bovril, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 generous pounds freshly ground beef, Additional freshly ground black pepper, Hamburger Buns recipe follows], title: Sloppy Joes, picturelink: null}, 15215: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, whip the egg whites, cream of tartar and salt in a clean, dry bowl until foamy. Add the granulated sugar, cornstarch, vinegar, and vanilla and continue whipping until stiff, smooth and glossy, about 8 minutes more. On a sheet of parchment paper cut to fit a sheet pan, use a pencil to draw or trace a circle 9inches in diameter. Line the sheet pan with the parchment, pencil side down you should still be able to see the circle. Spoon the egg whites into the circle, using the back of the spoon to smooth the top and sides of the disk. Bake in the center of the oven for 10 minutes, then reduce the heat to 300 degrees and bake until the meringue has puffed up and cracked on the top and the surface is lightly browned to the color of cafe au lait, about 45 minutes more. Turn off the oven, prop the oven door open, and let the pavlova cool in the oven at least 30 minutes, to room temperature. This ensures a gradual cooling, which protects the delicate meringue.nWhip the cream and brown sugar together until stiff. Spoon it in the center of the cooled pavlova and spread out to within 12inch of the edge. Arrange the slices of kiwi around the edge. Arrange the slices of strawberry in the middle. To serve, slice into wedges with a serrated knife., ingredients: [12 cup egg whites, at room temperature from about 4 eggs, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon raspberry vinegar or red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 14 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, packed, 2 kiwi fruits, peeled and thinly sliced or 1 cup of another ripe fruit, such as peaches or nectarines, 10 strawberries, green parts trimmed off, thinly sliced or other berries, such as raspberries or blackberries], title: Pavlova, picturelink: zBbXVET96UlELHhg1eCiJKnsPCSauy}, 15216: {instructions: Soak the rice in a container that holds at least twice the volume of rice: Cover the rice with 2 to 3 inches of roomtemperature water and soak for 6 to 24 hours. If you need to shorten the soaking time, soak the rice in warm about 100 degree water for 2 hours. The longer soak gives more flavor and a more even, tender texture, but the rice is perfectly edible with the shorter soak in warm water.nDrain the rice and place in a steamer basket. Set the steamer basket over several inches of boiling water in a large pot or a wok. The rice must not be in or touching the boiling water. Cover and steam for 25 minutes, or until the rice is shiny and tender. Turn the rice over after about 20 minutes, so the top layer is on the bottom. Be careful that your pot doesnt run dry during steaming add more water if necessary, making sure to keep it from touching the rice.nTurn the cooked rice out onto a clean work surface. Use a longhandled wooden spoon to flatten it out a little, then turn it over on itself, first from one side, then from the other, a little like folding over dough as you knead. This helps get rid of any clumps after several foldings, the rice will be an even round lump. Place it in a covered basket or in a serving bowl covered by a damp cloth or a lid. Serve warm or at room temperature, directly from the basket or bowl. The rice will dry out if exposed to the air for long as it cools, so keep covered until serving.nSoak the rice in a container that holds at least twice the volume of rice: Cover the rice with 2 to 3 inches of roomtemperature water and soak for 6 to 24 hours. If you need to shorten the soaking time, soak the rice in warm about 100 degree water for 2 hours. The longer soak gives more flavor and a more even, tender texture, but the rice is perfectly edible with the shorter soak in warm water.nDrain the rice and place in a steamer basket. Set the steamer basket over several inches of boiling water in a large pot or a wok. The rice must not be in or touching the boiling water. Cover and steam for 25 minutes, or until the rice is shiny and tender. Turn the rice over after about 20 minutes, so the top layer is on the bottom. Be careful that your pot doesnt run dry during steaming add more water if necessary, making sure to keep it from touching the rice.nTurn the cooked rice out onto a clean work surface. Use a longhandled wooden spoon to flatten it out a little, then turn it over on itself, first from one side, then from the other, a little like folding over dough as you knead. This helps get rid of any clumps after several foldings, the rice will be an even round lump. Place it in a covered basket or in a serving bowl covered by a damp cloth or a lid. Serve warm or at room temperature, directly from the basket or bowl. The rice will dry out if exposed to the air for long as it cools, so keep covered until serving., ingredients: [3 cups longgrain Thai sticky rice, 3 cups longgrain Thai sticky rice], title: Basic Sticky Rice, picturelink: null}, 15217: {instructions: Heat the broth and potatoes in a 3quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat to a boil.nReduce the heat to medium. Cover and cook for 10 minutes or until the potatoes are tender. Drain, reserving the broth.nMash the potatoes with 14 cup broth, light cream, sour cream, chives, butter, bacon and black pepper. Add the additional broth, if needed, until desired consistency. Garnish with the remaining bacon., ingredients: [3 12 cup Swansonu00ae Chicken Broth Regular, Natural Goodnessu00bf or Certified Organic, 5 large potatoes, cut into 1inch pieces about 7 12 cups, 12 cup light cream, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoon butter, 3 slices bacon, cooked and crumbled reserve some for garnish, Generous dash ground black pepper], title: Ultimate Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: Hw5w68jy.X6mdxcbwIMSzAyOM54VOZu}, 15218: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the garlic is golden, about 2 minutes. Add both cans of the tomatoes and 1 cup water. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat slightly, add the basil sprigs and simmer rapidly, uncovered, until thickened, 15 to 20 minutes. Discard basil and stir in the chopped basil. Season with salt and pepper.nWhile the sauce simmers, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, breaking up any clumps with a wooden spoon, until brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer the sausage to a large bowl with a slotted spoon.nCook the rigatoni in the salted boiling water until very al dente, about 2 minutes less than the package directions instruct. Drain the pasta and add it to the large bowl.nAdd the tomato sauce and half each of the mozzarella, provolone and Parmesan cheeses to the bowl and stir well to combine. Transfer the pastasausage mixture to a 3 to 4quart baking dish and top with the remaining mozzarella, provolone and Parmesan cheeses. Bake, uncovered, until browned, about 15 minutes. Let the pasta rest about 10 minutes before serving.nCopyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Two 28ounce cans plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, 1 cup chopped fresh basil, plus 4 large fresh basil sprigs, 1 pound dried rigatoni, 1 pound spicy Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella, 1 12 cups shredded provolone, 1 cup grated Parmesan], title: Three Cheese and Spicy Sausage Baked Pasta, picturelink: Wh5i9nYXUjw1HojvV31soku6NYjo2Jm}, 15219: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except soda water in pitcher. Stir well. Refrigerate for 224 hours to allow flavors to meld. Add soda water if desired and serve with or without the fruit pieces, in glasses garnished with small clusters of grapes.nNutritional Stats: 12 cup serving: Calories 146 Protein 1g Fat less than 1g Calories from Fat 3 Carbohydrate 21g Cholesterol 0mg Fiber 1g Sodium 6mg., ingredients: [1 bottle red wine, dry, full bodied, 2 cups California red or black seedless grapes, picked from stem and rinsed, 1 orange, sliced 14 with skin, 1 nectarine or peach, sliced into thin wedges, 2 tablespoon honey, 1 cup soda water optional, 8 California green grapes, small clusters.], title: Sangria, picturelink: 26eF91k0CbNL3oBrLg0DW0YQC7DNKsW}, 15220: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine berries, cinnamon, and lemon juice in a 9 by 13inch baking pan.nCombine flour, 34 cup sugar, and baking powder in medium mixing bowl and stir. Add milk and butter while stirring. Pour mixture over berries until covered.nCombine cornstarch and 12 cup sugar in small mixing bowl and stir. Sprinkle mixture over batter.nRemove boiling water from heat and slowly pour over entire pan. Place baking pan into oven and bake for 45 to 50 minutes or until crust is golden brown. Remove from oven, allow to cool slightly, and serve warm., ingredients: [3 12 cups mixed berries fresh or frozen, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups sugar, divided, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup milk, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 cup boiling water], title: Triple Berry Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 15221: {instructions: In a large glass filled with ice, pour in equal parts ginger ale, hard apple cider and green apple Schnapps., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 1 part ginger ale, 1 part hard apple cider, 1 part green apple Schnapps], title: Pacific Cider, picturelink: null}, 15222: {instructions: Heat the oil in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, shallot and celery, season with salt and pepper and saute until soft and tender, about 8 minutes.nAdd the garlic, marjoram, oregano and parsley and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Remove from heat and let cool. Fold the crabmeat and bread crumbs into the cooled mushroom mixture and transfer to the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until the ingredients are finely chopped and fully incorporated, about 30 seconds. Set aside.nHeat broiler.nCut a 2inch horizontal incision in the center of each filet, being careful not to slice the steaks in half, to form a pocket for stuffing. Stuff equal parts of the mushroom dressing into each steak. Pour the coarse pepper onto a flat surface and roll the edges of the steaks on them to coat. Wrap 2 slices of bacon around each steak and fasten them with a toothpick to prevent them from slipping during cooking.nMelt the butter in a cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat.nPlace the steaks in the skillet and sear until browned, about 1 minute on each side. Transfer the skillet to the broiler and cook until mediumwell, 2 to 4 minutes. Remove steaks from skillet and let stand for 5 minutes. Return the skillet to a stovetop burner over medium heat. Place the scallops in the skillet and sear until cooked through, about 2 minutes on each side. Remove from heat and set aside.nTo serve, place 2 tablespoons of the Bearnaise Sauce in the center of a round plate.nPlace a steak in the center of the plate and place 2 more tablespoons of Bearnaise Sauce on top. Place a scallop atop the steak and cover with a Purple Potato Nest. Sprinkle with chives and serve.nCombine the tarragon, shallot and vinegar together in a small saucepan over high heat. Bring the mixture to a boil and cook until liquid reduces by 50 percent. Remove from heat and set aside. Whisk the egg yolks together in a double boiler over medium heat until they become pale and double in volume, 3 to 4 minutes. Whisk in the butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, until all of the butter is incorporated. Strain the liquid from the shallot mixture into the sauce and whisk until all of the ingredients are fully incorporated. Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately.nPurple Potato Nest: Heat the oil at 350 degrees F in a fryer or large pot.nUse a rotoslicer to cut the potatoes into 4 continuous noodlelike strands. Place the potato strands in the oil, 1 strand at a time and fry until crispy, using a spider to keep the potatoes in a bunch, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from oil and drain on paper towels. Season with salt and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12 cups cleaned and sliced shiitake mushrooms, 12 cup diced shallot, 2 tablespoons diced celery, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped marjoram leaves, 12 teaspoon freshly chopped oregano leaves, 12 teaspoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 pound crabmeat, 2 tablespoons unseasoned bread crumbs, 4 6ounce 2inch thick filet mignon steaks, 1 cup coarse ground black pepper, 8 strips hickory smoked bacon, 14 cup unsalted butter, 4 diver scallops, 1 cup Bearnaise Sauce, recipe follows, 4 Peruvian Purple Potato Nets, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives, 14 cup freshly chopped tarragon leaves, 14 cup chopped shallot, 12 cup champagne vinegar, 3 egg yolks, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, Canola oil, for frying, 4 Peruvian purple potatoes, peeled, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Crab and ShiitakeStuffed Filet Mignon with Diver Scallops Wrapped in Peruvian Purple Potato Nets and Bearnaise Sauce, picturelink: PLnHWiJXPo4XIEd0bcKYfhpw27HYSW}, 15223: {instructions: Fill a shaker with ice and add the vodka, vermouth and essence add more or less essence based on how dirty you like your martini. Shake vigorously until the shaker feels cold, about 20 seconds. Strain into a chilled martini glass and garnish with a lemon peel. Add a lobster claw, if using, ingredients: [Ice, for shaking, 2 ounces citron vodka, 1 ounce dry vermouth, 12 to 1 ounce lobster essence, Lemon peel, for garnish, Lobster claw, for garnish, optional], title: Lobstatini, picturelink: null}, 15224: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together and serve., ingredients: [2 ounces ice, 1 34 ounces vodka recommended: Triple Eight, 6 12 ounces cranberry juice], title: The Cape Codder, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 15225: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLightly flour a board and carefully unfold one sheet of puff pastry. Roll the pastry lightly with a rolling pin until its 9 12 by 11 12inches. Spread the sheet of puff pastry with half the pesto, then sprinkle with half the goat cheese, half the sundried tomatoes, and half the pine nuts. Sprinkle with 14 teaspoon salt.nWorking from the short ends, fold each end halfway to the center. Then fold each side again towards the center until the folded edges almost touch. Fold one side over the other and press lightly. Place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Repeat the entire instructions for the second sheet of puff pastry using the remaining ingredients. Cover with plastic wrap and chill for at least 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the prepared rolls of puff pastry in 14 inch thick slices and place them face up 2 inches apart on baking sheets lined with parchment paper. Bake for 14 minutes, until golden brown. Serve warm.nHomemade Pesto:nPlace the walnuts, pignolis, and garlic in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Process for 30 seconds. Add the basil leaves, salt, and pepper. With the processor running, slowly pour the olive oil into the bowl through the feed tube and process until the pesto is finely pureed. Add the Parmesan and puree for a minute. Serve, or store the pesto in the refrigerator or freezer with a thin film of olive oil on top.nYield: 4 cups, ingredients: [1 package frozen Pepperidge Farm puff pastry, defrosted, 14 cup prepared pesto, store bought or homemade recipe follows, 12 cup crumbled goat cheese, such as Montrachet, 14 cup finely chopped sundried tomatoes in oil, drained, 14 cup toasted pine nuts, Kosher salt, 14 cup walnuts, 14 cup pignolis, 3 tablespoons chopped garlic 9 cloves, 5 cups fresh basil leaves, packed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups good olive oil, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Savory Palmiers, picturelink: pRfvbSWqSYUJaKezsfhS7bslSvmUzG}, 15226: {instructions: For the pineapple cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 9inch cake pans with parchment and spray the sides with cooking spray.nIn a mixer, blend the granulated sugar and shortening, then add the milk, cherries, whole egg and egg white and mix to combine. In a bowl, combine the flour, baking powder and salt. Slowly add the dry ingredients to the mixer and mix until smooth.nLay down 4 pineapple slices in each pan and fill threequarters of the way with the batter. Bake until golden brown, about 35 minutes. Let cool slightly, then remove the cakes from the pans to a wire rack to cool completely.nFor the strawberry filling: In a mixer, beat the cream cheese and butter until fully incorporated. Mix in the vanilla. Slowly beat in the confectioners sugar until smooth and fluffy. Fold in the strawberry preserves.nSpread the strawberry filling in between the 2 layers of cake. Smear a very thin coating of the strawberry filling around the sides and top of the stacked cake., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the pans, 1 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup shortening, 23 cup milk, 8 maraschino cherries, 1 whole large egg plus 1 egg white, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 8 thin pineapple slices, 16 ounces cream cheese, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 6 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup strawberry preserves], title: Pineapple Under the Sea, picturelink: 15jCZNxXmabmpsMejMrNTqKNkcB88de}, 15227: {instructions: Combine jicama, carrots, red onion, both peppers, tomato in a medium bowl. Whisk together the lime juice, vinegar, honey, olive oil and cayenne and season with salt and pepper to taste. Add the cilantro and let sit for 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 large jicama, julienned, 2 large carrots, julienne, 1 cup red onion, finely sliced, 12 red pepper, julienned, 12 yellow pepper, julienned, 1 tomato, julienned, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Pinch of cayenne, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro], title: Jicama Salad, picturelink: null}, 15228: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSoak vermicelli in water 15 minutes drain and squeeze out water. Bring a pot of water to a boil. Place vermicelli in sieve and lower into water remove after 5 seconds. Cool and divide into 12 portions.nSoak one rice paper in lukewarm water until pliable, about 5 minutes. Work with only 1 paper at a time and blot dry before assembling.nTo assemble: Place 1 paper on a clean kitchen towel, leaving 1inch of the rice paper uncovered on the edge closest to you. Place 1 lettuce leaf on the sheet. Cover with 1 portion of vermicelli, and top with a portion of the cucumbers, carrots, chicken, scallions, and mint leaves. Fold the paper once over the filling, starting from the bottom, then fold in the sides and continue rolling tightly to the end. Keep rolls covered with a damp towel. Serve with Spicy Peanut Sauce.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the curry paste and stirfry until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the shrimp paste and continue to stir until the shrimp paste is broken up and one shade darker, about 1 minute. Add the peanuts and stir, roasting until two shades darker but not burned, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the sugar and continue to cook until the sugar is dissolved and starts to caramelize, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the coconut milk, chicken broth, tamarind concentrate, and hoisin sauce. Reduce the heat to low and simmer the sauce until slightly thickened, about 20 to 30 minutes. The natural oils from the peanuts should have surfaced at this point. Once the sauce has reduced by about 13, turn off the heat and add the Thai basil and cilantro. Cover and let cool. Store in the refrigerator for up to 3 days., ingredients: [4 ounces dried rice vermicelli, 12 sheets banh trang rice papers or spring roll wrap 8 inches round, 12 leaves Boston lettuce, ribs removed substitution: oak leaf lettuce, 1 small cucumber, peeled, halved lengthwise, seeded and thinly sliced in half moons, 3 medium carrots, peeled and julienned, 8 ounces boneless skinless cooked chicken breast, 3 scallions, cut into 1inch long pieces and julienned, 24 large mint leaves, Spicy Peanut Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 12 to 2 tablespoons red curry paste, 1 tablespoon shrimp paste substitution: fish sauce, 1 12 cups unsalted roasted peanuts, finely ground, 14 cup palm sugar substitution: granulated sugar, 2 cups unsweetened coconut milk, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup tamarind concentrate, 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 12 cup packed fresh Thai basil leaves, minced, 12 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves, minced], title: Vietnamese Summer Rolls with Spicy Peanut Sauce, picturelink: p.Z9PadypFJ51kRi1eEjTYJ5SA2qlS}, 15229: {instructions: Special equipment: Youll need three 9by12inch jelly roll pans or rimmed baking sheets to make these layered cookies.nYoull need three 9by12inch jelly roll pans or rimmed baking sheets to make these layered cookies.nPrep the pans: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour three 9by12inch jelly roll pans or rimmed baking sheets and line with parchment paper.nMake the batter: Combine the almond paste and 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on medium speed until the mixture is in fine crumbles. Beat in 2 12 sticks butter, a few pieces at a time, until well combined. Beat in the egg yolks, one at a time, until smooth.nSift 2 cups flour onto a sheet of parchment and sprinkle the salt on top add to the mixer bowl and beat until just combined.nIn a clean bowl, whisk the egg whites until foamy while whisking, slowly add the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and whisk until firm peaks form or use a hand mixer. Fold about onethird of the egg white mixture into the batter with a rubber spatula, then gently fold in the rest. The batter should be fluffy.nColor the batter: Divide the batter evenly among 3 bowls. Stir enough red food coloring into 1 bowl to make a deep salmon color. Stir enough green food coloring into another bowl to make a medium green color. Leave the third bowl uncolored.nBake the layers: Transfer the batter to the prepared pans one pan for each color. Dip an offset spatula in water and spread the batter to the edge of each pan, smoothing the tops. Bake, switching the position of the pans halfway through, until the cakes are cooked through and just beginning to brown around the edges, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool completely in the pans on wire racks.nAssemble the layers: Spread half of the jam evenly over the green cake layer almost all the way to the edges. Unmold the plain cake layer by inverting it onto another pan or cutting board peel off the parchment.nCarefully slide the plain layer onto the green layer use a wide offset spatula to help you, if necessary. Spread the remaining jam on top of the plain layer. Unmold the red cake layer and slide it onto the plain layer.nCover the cake with plastic wrap and top with one of the empty pans place several heavy cans on top to weigh down the layers. Refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight.nUnmold the cake: Remove the cans and plastic wrap. Place a cutting board on top of the cake and flip to unmold it onto the cutting board. Remove the parchment from the top of the green layer.nTrim the cake: Trim the sides with a knife to make straight edges. Spray a wire rack with cooking spray set the rack over a baking sheet. Carefully slide the cake onto the rack, using a wide offset spatula to help you, if necessary.nCover in chocolate: Melt the chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water pour over the cake. Dip an offset spatula in the hot water and smooth the top and sides. Let set slightly. Scrape wavy lines into the chocolate with a fork let cool a few more minutes until the chocolate is mostly set but still slightly tacky.nCut into pieces: Slide the cake back onto the cutting board. Slice crosswise into 6 strips, then cut each strip into 8 rectangular pieces. For clean edges, dip the knife in warm water and wipe it with a cloth between cuts. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 1 week.nIf the lines in the chocolate dont hold their shape, let the chocolate set a little longer and try again., ingredients: [2 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened, plus more for the pans, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pans, 8 ounces almond paste, 1 cup sugar, 4 large eggs, separated, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Red and green food coloring gel preferred, 1 15ounce jar smooth apricot jam, Cooking spray, 1 pound bittersweet chocolate, chopped], title: Rainbow Cookies, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 15230: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium and brush the grates with vegetable oil. Whisk 2 cups water, the sugar and 2 tablespoons Old Bay in a large bowl until the sugar dissolves. Add the shrimp and set aside 10 minutes to marinate.nRemove the shrimp from the marinade and pat dry with paper towels. Toss the shrimp with the olive oil in a large bowl and season with 1 teaspoon Old Bay. Thread the shrimp, okra, wax beans and scallions onto eight 10inch skewers set aside.nCombine the melted butter, sherry, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice and the remaining 1 teaspoon Old Bay in a small bowl. Grill the kebabs until marked and the shrimp are just cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and brush with some of the sherry butter. Serve with lemon wedges and the remaining sherry butter.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for the grill, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons Old Bay Seasoning, 1 12 pounds shellon jumbo shrimp, deveined, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound okra, 14 pound yellow wax beans, halved, 4 scallions, cut into 1to2inch pieces, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup dry sherry, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Juice of 12 lemon, plus wedges for serving], title: Shrimp and Okra Kebabs, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 15231: {instructions: Whisk the mustard, Worcestershire sauce, red wine vinegar, white vinegar, brown sugar and 12 teaspoon pepper in a bowl until combined. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [1 cup yellow mustard, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup white vinegar, 1 teaspoon packed light brown sugar, Freshly ground pepper], title: South CarolinaStyle Mustard Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: GweOVPH2xalC9jaSWaPxIFR86PSGiym}, 15232: {instructions: Pat roast dry and season with salt and pepper. In a Dutch oven, heat the vegetable oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Add the roast and brown on all sides, about 15 minutes total. Transfer the roast to a plate and pour out all but 1 tablespoon of fat from the pan. Add the onions, carrots, and celery to the pan and cook over moderate heat, stirring until golden. Place the roast back in the pan along with the bay leaves, thyme, and enough of the beef stock to come up 23 of the way up the beef. Bring the pot roast to a simmer on top of the stove, skim, cover tightly, and set in the lower third of a 350 degree preheated oven. Regulate heat so that the liquid remains at a gentle simmer for 2 12 to 3 hours, until the beef is tender. Turn the roast over several times during its braising.nTransfer roast to a cutting board and let stand 10 minutes, covered with aluminum foil to keep warm. Skim off any fat from the surface of the liquid. Strain the liquid. To thicken the sauce slightly, bring the liquid to a boil. For each cup of liquid, stir together 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon flour. Whisk the butter mixture into the liquid. Simmer, stirring constantly, until thickened. Slice the pot roast and serve with the sauce and boiled new potatoes., ingredients: [1 4pound boneless Chuck pot roast, neatly tied, Salt and ground pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup finely chopped onions, 1 cup finely chopped carrots, 1 cup finely chopped celery, 2 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons thyme, 4 cups beef stock, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoon butter, softened], title: Basic Pot Roast, picturelink: null}, 15233: {instructions: This is a simple recipe made so much better with a few simple details. The sugar in the cooking water and on the peas themselves add freshness. I like to use superfine sugar because it dissolves easily. The basil and pea shoots add a grassy, fresh flavor that makes the peas taste more like peasnIn a medium bowl, whisk together the Dijon mustard, lemon juice and sherry vinegar. Add the capers, caper brine and a pinch of salt and pepper, to taste. Slowly whisk in the olive oil and add the tarragon. Taste and reseason, only if needed. Set aside.nPrepare an ice bath. Fill a large bowl halfway with ice cubes and add some cold water. Put a colander squarely inside the ice bath. The colander will keep you from having to pick the peas out from amongst the ice cubes in the ice bath. Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add salt until the water tastes like seawater, then add a generous pinch of sugar. Add the snow peas and cook until they are bright green and tender, about 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the peas from the water with a strainer and transfer them to the colander inside the ice bath. Allow them to sit until cooled. Drain on a kitchen towellined plate.nBring the water back up to a boil and add the shelled peas. Cook until the water comes back to a boil, about 1 minute. Use the strainer to remove the peas and plunge them into the colanderice bath. Allow them to sit in the ice water to assure they have cooled thoroughly. Discard the blanching water.nRemove the peas from the ice bath and spread them out onto the kitchen towel over flat surface. Use another kitchen towel to gently pat them dry. Transfer the towel to a plate and put the peas into the refrigerator to chill until you are ready to serve.nTransfer the chilled shelled peas, snow peas and raw sugar snap peas to a medium bowl. Stir to blend. Toss with the vinaigrette, basil leaves and pea shoots and season with salt, to taste. Add more seasoning, if needed. Transfer the salad to a platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice or the juice of 1 lemon, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon capers, 2 teaspoons caper brine, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 to 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small bunch fresh tarragon, washed, dried, stemmed and leaves chopped, Water, as needed, Ice cubes, as needed, Granulated sugar, as needed recommended: Superfine, 34 pound snow peas, washed, ends trimmed, 1 cup shelled peas, 34 pound sugar snap peas, washed, ends trimmed, 14 cup basil leaves, stemmed, washed, dried, 14 cup pea shoots, washed and dried], title: Pea Salad with Basil and Pea Shoots, picturelink: 9RHjrvxmsFbviVoVNU4IvZSFAn6YA4G}, 15234: {instructions: Mix all ingredients into a bowl. Chill until ready to use., ingredients: [1 quart mayonnaise, 12 cup Thaichili paste, recommended: Sriracha, 2 tablespoons espellette pepper, 14 cup lime juice, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper], title: Spicy Aioli, picturelink: null}, 15235: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pierce the potatoes with a fork, then microwave until easily pierced but slightly firm in the center, about12 minutes. Brush with olive oil and bake directly on the oven rack until tender with crisp skins, about 10 minutes. Keep warm.nSeason the steak with salt and pepper and rub with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Mix the blue cheese, sour cream and herbs in a bowl.nHeat a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the skillet with 12 teaspoon salt and drizzle lightly with olive oil, then add the steak and weigh it down with a heavy skillet cook until browned, 4 minutes. Flip the steak, replace the top skillet and brown the other side, 3 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, remove the top skillet and cook 1 to 4 more minutes for medium rare. Transfer to a plate to rest.nReturn the skillet to mediumhigh heat, add the shallot and port and boil until thickened, about 4 minutes. Stir in the broth and any juices from the steak and cook 5 minutes, then whisk in the butter. Split open the baked potatoes and top with the blue cheese mixture. Slice the steak serve with the potatoes and sauce.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [4 medium russet potatoes, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 12 pounds boneless top sirloin steak about 1 12 inches thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 ounces soft blue cheese about 34 cup, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 34 cup chopped fresh parsley, chives andor scallions, 1 shallot, sliced, or 2 tablespoons diced red onion, 12 cup ruby port or red wine, 1 cup lowsodium beef broth, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter], title: Steak With Blue Cheese Potatoes, picturelink: nuOE5jjz0CbnmmRbeAyLEGT0igIGG}, 15236: {instructions: Toss zucchini with oil, salt and pepper, and grill., ingredients: [2 zucchini, cut lengthwise, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Zucchini, picturelink: null}, 15237: {instructions: In a food processor grate the potatoes. Line a sieve with cheesecloth and transfer potatoes to the sieve. Set sieve over a bowl, twist cheesecloth into a pouch, squeezing out some moisture. Let mixture drain for 15 minutes. After 15 minutes, pour off liquid from the bowl but leave the white potato starch that settles in the bottom of the bowl.nTo that starch add eggs, flour,herbs, 112 teaspoons of salt and freshly ground pepper. Return drained potatoes to this mixture and toss to combine.nPreheat oven to 200 degrees. Line a baking pan with paper towels. When you are ready to eat, in a large skillet heat 14 inch of oil over medium high heat until hot. Drop heaping tablespoonfuls of potato mixture and cook for 3 to 4 minutes a side latkes should be golden and crisp on both sides. Eat right away or keep warm in oven.nServe topped with slivers of roasted red peppers,and salsa., ingredients: [112 pounds russet potatoes peeled, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons flour or more or matzo meal during Passover, 2 tablespoons chopped herbs such as cilantro,, 1 12 teaspoons salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil for frying, Rasoted red peppers and salsa for garnish], title: Southwestern Style Potato Latkes, picturelink: null}, 15238: {instructions: Cook the chicken and garlic in a 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until the chicken is well browned, stirring often. Remove the chicken mixture from the skillet.nStir the stock, tomatoes, Italian seasoning and black pepper in the skillet and heat to a boil. Stir in the pasta. Reduce the heat to medium. Cook for 10 minutes.nStir in the vegetables and cheese. Return the chicken to the skillet. Cook for 5 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through and the pasta is tender. Serve with additional cheese., ingredients: [1 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 4 cup Swansonu00ae Chicken Stock, 1 can about 14 12 ounces diced tomatoes, drained, 12 teaspoon Italian seasoning, crushed, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 3 cups uncooked corkscrewshaped pasta, 1 package 16 ounces frozen vegetable combination, any variety, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese], title: Italiano Chicken and Pasta Medley, picturelink: Hw5w68jy.X6mdxcbwIMSzAyOM54VOZu}, 15239: {instructions: Saute the onions and garlic in the oil until golden. Add the diced peppers, stock, saffron, tomato paste, salt and pepper, to taste. Simmer until all ingredients are tender and liquid is reduced by half. Bloom the gelatin in the wine.nPuree the red pepper mixture in a blender. Add the bloomed gelatin while the red pepper mixture is still hot and blend to combine all ingredients well. Cool the mixture over an ice bath until it mounds when dropped from a spoon. Fold the whipped cream into the mixture. Transfer the mousse to a pastry bag fitted with a round tip. Pipe the mousse into the endive spears and garnish with a sliver of red pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 34 cup minced onions, 1 garlic clove, minced fine, 3 red peppers, cut into small dice, 1 cup chicken stock, Pinch saffron threads, crushed, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon powdered gelatin, 14 cup white wine, 34 cup heavy cream, whipped, 30 endive spears, Red pepper, slivered, for garnish], title: Red Pepper Mousse in Endive, picturelink: null}, 15240: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, combine the sour cream, cilantro, and lime juice together. Mix thoroughly season with salt and pepper. Serve with empanadas., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 12 lime, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cilantro Cream, picturelink: null}, 15241: {instructions: Trim the edge of the shell, leaving a 12 inch overhang. Crimp the edge over the shell decoratively. Prick the dough with a fork and chill for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Line with wax paper, weight and bake the shell in the lower third of the oven for 15 minutes. Remove the wax paper and rice. Reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees and bake the shell for 10 minutes more or until golden. Transfer the shell to a rack and let cool. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees and butter the second pie plate. In a saucepan bring the halfandhalf to a simmer, stir in 2 cups of the fresh coconut, remove from the heat and let the mixture stand for 20 minutes, or until it is room temperature. Transfer the coconut milk to the food processor and blend it for 1 minute. Strain the mixture through a sieve lined with cheesecloth to extract all of the liquid, and add the eggs, sugar, vanilla and salt. Stir in the remaining 1 cup coconut and pour the custard into the pie plate. Put the pie plate in a larger pan, add enough hot water to the pan to come halfway up the sides of the plate and bake in the middle of the oven for twenty minutes or until the edges of the custard are set. The center of the custard will still be a bit loose. Add additional toasted coconut to the top of the custard and bake for another 10 minutes.nSuggested wine 1986 Chateau Climens Sauternes  Barsac, ingredients: [9 inch pie crust, prepared or home made, 2 12 cups heavy cream, 3 cups grated fresh coconut, 4 large eggs, 13 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 12 cup grated toasted coconut, Lightly whipped cream and additional toasted coconut for garnish], title: Coconut Custard Pie, picturelink: null}, 15242: {instructions: Preheat the frying oil to 360 degrees F.nPlace shrimp on paper towels and refrigerate. They must be free of moisture to hold the batter.nMix together ingredients for the Mustard Sauce and set aside.nMix together ingredients for the Hot Chile Garlic Sauce and set aside.nFor the batter: In a large stainless or glass mixing bowl, mix the cornstarch and flour together. Add the soda water gradually, until a forms smooth thick batter the consistency of pancake batter. Add seeds and herbs. Keep the batter cold and use immediately.nGrab the shrimp 3 or 4 at a time by the tail and dip into the batter. Shake off excess and place in the hot oil. While the shrimp are frying, lay out the plates and drizzle the 2 sauces around using a coffee spoon. Remove the shrimp from the hot oil and place on absorbent paper. Season with sea salt.nStack the shrimp, 5 on a plate and garnish with the scallions and fried cilantro leaves. Serve immediately and enjoynNote: Always get more shrimp as you can easily eat more that 5 of these, ingredients: [20 large white shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 tablespoons sea salt, 8 to 10 fried whole cilantro leaves, for garnish, 3 tablespoons scallions, sliced thinly, on the bias, 1 cup honey, 1 cup Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon sesame oil, 2 teaspoons hot chile garlic sauce sambal, 4 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar, 1 12 cups cornstarch, 1 12 cups flour, 2 12 cups chilled soda water, 4 tablespoons black sesame seeds goma seeds, 2 tablespoons white sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons sliced finely chives, 1 tablespoon minced parsley], title: Crispy Benne Seed Shrimp with Sweet Mustard and Hot Chile Garlic Sauces, picturelink: null}, 15243: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSpray a baking sheet with cooking spray. Lay the pancetta in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet and bake for 10 to 12 minutes until crispy and brown. Drain on paper towels.nIn a medium bowl, combine the eggs, Gorgonzola, lemon zest, mayonnaise, and chives. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, if using. Spread the mixture evenly over 3 slices of the bread. Crumble the pancetta and sprinkle over the egg mixture. Place the remaining bread slices on top.nCut the sandwiches in half and arrange on a serving platter., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 12 very thin slices pancetta, 3 hard boiled eggs, peeled and coarsely chopped, 4 ounces crumbled Gorgonzola, 1 lemon, zested, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, optional, 6 12inch thick slices wholewheat bread], title: Egg, Gorgonzola and Pancetta Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 15244: {instructions: Peel, cut, boil and mash potatoes with a small amount of milk.nAdd egg and mix well.nAdd flour to potatoes until mixture becomes firm enough for rolling. Amount of flour needed will vary due to moisture in potatoes.nTurn dough out on floured rolling surface and roll to about 14 inch thick.nCut dough into squares large enough to envelop one whole peach.nWash peaches and remove stone from each by splitting peach in half do not peel or cook peaches.nMix cinnamon and sugar. Put 1 tablespoon of sugar mixture in the center of peach, put both sides of peach together and wrap with potato dough, making sure all seams are sealed tight.nDrop dumpling into about 4 qts of boiling salted water. Boil until dumplings begin to float, cook time will vary. Carefully remove dumplings so they do not break open.nDrizzle with melted butter to keep from sticking. Serve with butter mixed with bread crumbs and top with a sprinkling of the sugar mixture again., ingredients: [23 medium potatoes, 14 cup milk, 1 large egg, 23 cups flour, 610 small to medium fresh peaches, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 cup melted butter, 14 cup bread crumbs], title: Peach Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 15245: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSprinkle the chicken thighs liberally with salt. Heat a Dutch oven over medium heat, add the oil and brown the thighs skinside down for 3 minutes per side. Season with a pinch of paprika, stir until the spice releases its aroma and then remove the chicken and set aside.nAdd the garlic, chiles and onions to the pan and sweat for 4 minutes. Add the almonds, kale, bay leaf, 1 cup of water and a liberal amount of salt and bring to a simmer. Top with the chicken skinside up and bake for 20 minutes.nTop with the parsley and lemon zest and serve., ingredients: [6 to 8 chicken thighs, depending on the size, Salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Pinch paprika, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 Fresno chiles, sliced in rings, 1 Spanish onion, sliced, 12 cup Marcona almonds, 2 bunches kale, rinsed, dried and roughly chopped, 1 fresh bay leaf, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, Zest of 1 lemon], title: Chicken Thighs with Kale, picturelink: null}, 15246: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the bacon: In a large skillet, scatter the lardons and turn on the heat to medium. Cook until crisp. Make sure to reserve 2 tablespoons of the bacon fat in the skillet. Then drain the crispy lardons on a papertowellined plate.nFor the mornay sauce: In the same skillet, add the butter to the bacon fat and set over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk until blonde, 2 to 3 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk until combined. Add in the gruyere and nutmeg, and simmer until thick, 5 to 7 minutes. Season with salt and white pepper.nFor the sandwich build: On 4 of the slices of toast, layer 2 tomato slices, top with a quarter of the turkey and then the second slice of bread. Ladle lots of mornay sauce over top. Top with a nice pile of bacon and fresh parsley., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, cut into lardons strips, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 to 2 cups whole milk, 12 cup grated gruyere, 18 teaspoon grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and ground white pepper, Eight 14inch slices sourdough bread, toasted, 8 slices beefsteak tomatoes, 2 pounds shaved mesquite deli turkey, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: The Derby, picturelink: D7mJ0oEEXd2Eb5OhpZul8VFTO26cjDG}, 15247: {instructions: Saute all ingredients in hot pan with olive oil for 6 to 8 minutes until sweet potatoes are tender. Finish with salt, pepper and herb butter., ingredients: [2tablespoons olive oil, 1 large plantain, 1 sweet potato, peeled and diced, 1 bunch asparagus, Chayote squash, sliced, 4 tomotillos, chopped, 1 tablespoon herb butter], title: Plantains, Sweet Potato and Asparagus Succotash, picturelink: null}, 15248: {instructions: BREAD CRUMBS: Unless you make your own bread crumbs, you wont be following Raos kitchen tradition. Use the finest quality Italian bread you can find. Allow it to dry for at least 2 days, then grate, using a handheld grater or a food processor fitted with a metal blade. Shake and push the bread crumbs through a medium strainer to get an even texture.nBAKED CLAMS: Have your fishmonger open your clams if you are not comfortable doing the job yourself. Leave the clams on the half shell and refrigerate until ready to use.nPlace broiler tray on the lowest rack and preheat broiler. Combine bread crumbs, parsley, garlic, oregano, and salt and pepper. Add olive oil and toss mixture until crumbs are evenly coated. Add the broth and continue to mix until very well blended. The mixture should be quite wet.nPut approximately 1 heaping teaspoon of bread crumb mixture on each clam. Smooth over the top, making sure that the edges are sealed. Using the edge of a teaspoon, cut ridges into the topping. Pour 18inch cold water into a cookie sheet with sides to keep the clams moist while broiling and broil for about 7 minutes or until the bread crumb topping is well browned and crisp.nPut 6 clams on each of 6 small, warm serving plates. Garnish each plate with 1 lemon wedge and parsley sprig and serve., ingredients: [36 fresh littleneck, small cherrystone or manilla clams 2 to 2 12 inches, 2 cups bread crumbs, method follows, 12 tablespoon minced flatleaf parsley, 18 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 to 1 teaspoon dried oregano see Note, Salt and pepper, to taste, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 34 to 1 cup chicken broth, 6 lemon wedges, 6 sprigs flatleaf parsley], title: Baked Clams Oreganate, picturelink: null}, 15249: {instructions: Combine vegetable juice, tomatoes, 1 cup each pineapple and mango chunks, honey and chili garlic sauce in blender or food processor container. Cover blend until smooth.nAdd remaining pineapple and mango chunks and mint pulse 2 or 3 times just to chop fruit.nPour into large bowl stir in orange juice chill at least 1 hour.nToss shrimp with Creole seasoning in large bowl to coat well. Grill over mediumhigh heat for 3 to 4 min. or until pink, turning once.nServe chilled gazpacho in shallow bowls. Top with cooked shrimp. Garnish with mint, if desired.nVariation: Cook shrimp in two batches, in large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat in 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil.nPer Serving: 309 calories, 13g fat 1g sat., 0mg cholesterol, 21mg sodium, 21g carbohydrate 9g dietary fiber, 16g sugars, 6g protein, 5 Vit A, 34 Vit C, 3 calcium, 10 iron, 6 potassium, 4 folate, ingredients: [2 cups vegetable juice blend, 2 large tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 1 can 20 oz. DOLEu00ae Pineapple Chunks,, 112 cups DOLEu00ae Frozen Mango Chunks, partially, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon chili garlic sauce, 14 cup chopped mint leaves, 1 cup orange juice, 1 pound mediumlarge raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 to 2 tablespoons dry Creole seasoning, Mint sprigs optional], title: Icy Fruit Gazpacho with Spicy Grilled Shrimp, picturelink: MQktrC11vuTgfI8gW7Cjsp2qkzsD3H.}, 15250: {instructions: Lightly coat a sheet pan with olive oil and set aside. Bring the water, milk, and olive oil to a boil in a large pot. Add salt and pepper, and then sprinkle in the cornmeal, stirring continuously with a wooden spoon or heavy whisk to avoid lumps. Reduce the heat to medium and continue cooking, stirring frequently, for about 15 minutes, or until the polenta pulls away cleanly from the sides of the pot. Season, to taste, again with salt and pepper. Fold in the butter and Parmesan.nTurn the polenta onto the prepared sheet pan and smooth it out. Cover it with plastic wrap, and put it in the refrigerator until it is quite cold, preferably overnight. Using a 4inch round pastry cutter, cut the cold polenta into 4inch round cakes. Place the cakes on parchment paper, leaving them covered with plastic wrap until ready to serve.nClose to serving time, heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add enough olive oil to coat the bottom of the skillet, and let the oil heat. Dust the polenta cakes with flour, add them to the pan in batches, and saute until crispy and golden brown. Top each cake with 1 tablespoon Taleggio, and place under the broiler until cheese is melted and a little browned on top. Serve the polenta cakes with basil oil, smoked tomato sauce, and grilled vegetables, layering like freeform lasagna as desired.nBlanch the basil for 3 to 5 seconds in a large pot of boiling salted water. Using a spider or a slotted spoon, immediately plunge the basil into a bowl of ice water to retain its bright green color. Gently squeeze the basil to remove as much excess water as possible.nPut the basil in a food processor or blender. Add both oils, and puree until smooth. Put the pesto in an airtight container, and refrigerate it overnight. Then pour off the excess oil that has settled on top. Pour pesto into squirt bottles for easier service.nSmoke the onions and fresh tomatoes in a smoker under mesquite chips. Remove from smoker, and set the tomatoes aside. Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the smoked onions and garlic to the pan, and saute until tender and very fragrant. Add the oregano and bay leaves and cook for 1 more minute, or until fragrant. Add the smoked tomatoes and the canned tomatoes, and bring mixture to a boil. Add the white wine and basil, reduce the heat, and simmer for about 15 to 20 minutes. Using an immersion blender, puree the sauce until smooth. Then add the sugar, and simmer for another 10 to 12 minutes. Strain sauce through a mediumsized mesh sieve. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nPreheat a grill, or heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. In a large bowl, toss all of the sliced vegetables with the olive oil. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Add the garlic and fresh herbs, if using, and toss all together. Grill the vegetables until they are tender yet still slightly crisp., ingredients: [7 to 8 cups water, 7 to 8 cups milk, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for oiling pan, and for sauteing, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound coarselyground cornmeal, 2 ounces butter, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 cup grated Taleggio, Basil Oil, recipe follows, Hardwood Smoked Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, Grilled Vegetables, recipe follows, 12 pound basil, leaves only, 2 cups olive oil, 4 cups vegetable oil, 2 onions, quartered, 12 Roma tomatoes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 head garlic, roasted, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 3 bay leaves, 8 cups canned peeled tomatoes, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 teaspoons sugar, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 eggplant, cut into rounds, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 2inch strips, 1 green bell pepper, cut into 2inch strips, 1 zucchini, cut into 12inch rounds, 1 yellow squash, cut into 12inch rounds, 1 red onion, cut into 12inch rounds, 2 portobello mushrooms, gills removed, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons minced garlic Fresh herbs, optional], title: Free Form Polenta Lasagna, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 15251: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a small heavy saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. Serve immediately. Coconut syrup can be stored in the refrigerator 2 weeks and reheated., ingredients: [1 14.5 ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 34 cup packed brown sugar], title: Coconut Syrup, picturelink: null}, 15252: {instructions: In a medium bowl combine the garlic, celery, peppers, onions and thyme.nHeat a medium pot with 1 tablespoon butter over medium heat. Add about 13 of the vegetables to the pot, saute 2 to 3 minutes, add rice and toss around for 1 to 2 minutes more. Stir in the chicken stock and cover pot, bring to a boil. Simmer rice 15 to 18 minutes until tender, fluff with fork and season with salt and pepper.nCombine remaining vegetables with red chile peppers and tomatoes and dress with the juice of 1 lime. Season with a little salt.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh to high heat. Add shrimp and season with seafood seasoning, Worcestershire and hot sauce. Toss shrimp for about 2 minutes then add beer, reduce heat to simmer and braise 5 to 6 minutes. Cut butter into small bits and melt into sauce then add in scallions. Squeeze the juice of 1 lime over the pan.nServe shrimp in shallow bowls, top with a generous scoop of rice and garnish with generous spoonfuls of salsa. If you prefer lots of rice to a little bit of seafood, reverse the order and fill bowl with rice, top with shrimp and salsa., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped, 6 to 8 small ribs celery from the heart, chopped, 1 large or 2 medium green bell peppers, seeded and chopped, 1 mediumlarge red onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, finely chopped, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups enriched white rice, 2 12 cups chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 red jalapeno chile peppers, very thinly sliced, 1 pint grape or cherry tomatoes, heirloom multi colored, red or yellow, halved, 2 limes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds large shrimp, deveined, tail on, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup hot sauce, 1 bottle beer, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced on an angle], title: Beer Braised Shrimp with Louisiana Salsa and Rice, picturelink: MVwHmOiLfTJnztIavHxb80adpPXdia}, 15253: {instructions: Place a mediumsize saute pan over medium heat. Add olive oil and cashews and toss to coat. Add chili powder, salt, and pepper and toss until warmed through. Remove from heat and serve. They will crisp as they sit., ingredients: [1 tablespoon good olive oil, 3 cups whole unsalted roasted cashews, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt or sea salt], title: Spicy Cashews, picturelink: null}, 15254: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor, pulse together the flour, tea, and salt, until the tea is just spotted throughout the flour. Add the confectioners sugar, vanilla, and butter. Pulse together just until a dough is formed. Place dough on a sheet of plastic wrap, and roll into a log, about 2 12inches in diameter. Tightly twist each end of wrap, and chill in refrigerator for 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice the log into 13inch thick disks. Place on parchment or silpat lined baking sheets, 2 inches apart 2 probably needed depending on size of sheets. Bake until the edges are just brown, about 12 minutes. Let cool on sheets for 5 minutes, then transfer to wire racks and cool to room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons loose Earl Grey tea leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, room temperature], title: Earl Grey Shortbread Cookies, picturelink: rMGPnLGGNYRePeLc6LwfPaRkdCA5SvO}, 15255: {instructions: In a bowl, mix together the coconut, pistachios and raisins until well combined.nUsing a small, sharp knife, slice a deep pocket horizontally in the bread disks. Stuff each bread pocket with the nut and raisin mixture.nIn a bowl, whisk together the yogurt, sugar, and pinch of salt until smooth and well combined, adding more sugar and salt to taste if necessary.nHeat the oil in a small pan over a medium heat. Add the mustard seeds and cook for 20 to 30 seconds, or until they start to pop. Caution: Keep the pan well away from your eyes and face. Be careful of the popping mustard seeds and splattering oil.nAdd the dried chiles and curry leaves, and continue to cook for 20 to 30 seconds. Add the yogurt mixture, and stir well, until the mixture is well combined.nPlace the stuffed bread disks into a large mixing bowl and pour the yogurt mixture over them. Give the bowl a shake to ensure that the yogurt mixture coats the bread disks, including the underside. Set the bowl aside for 30 minutes to soak, and then serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon desiccated coconut unsweetened finely shredded coconut, 1 tablespoon chopped pistachios, 1 tablespoon finely chopped raisins, 3 extrathick slices white bread, cut into rounds with a biscuit cutter, 14 ounces plain yogurt, 1 12 teaspoons caster sugar superfine, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon brown mustard seeds, 1 to 2 dried red chilies, 10 curry leaves], title: Peshwari Bread Raita, picturelink: null}, 15256: {instructions: Slice the eggs in half lengthwise. Remove the yolks and put them in a bowl and then mash with a fork. Add in the mayonnaise, relish and mustard. Add salt and pepper to taste. Set aside.nHeat about 1inch of vegetable oil in a skillet until a deepfrying thermometer reads 350 degrees F.nCombine the flour, cornstarch, baking powder and 12 teaspoon salt in a shallow dish and dip the fish in the batter.nFry the fish until golden brown on both sides. Place on a papertowellined plate to soak up any excess oil and season with salt. Let cool.nAdd the catfish to the yolk mixture and break up with fork. Spoon some of the yolk mixture into each egg half and garnish with dill and paprika to serve., ingredients: [2 whole eggs, hardboiled and peeled, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon sweet relish, 1 teaspoon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 catfish fillet, Fresh dill sprigs, for garnish, Paprika, for garnish], title: Fried Catfish Deviled Eggs, picturelink: X8apVNycnNoYG5gDkgZKgHpHjnQmD7S}, 15257: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBlend 2 cups of the strawberries, and 12 cup of the sugar in a blender or food processor until smooth. Transfer to medium saucepan and cook over medium heat until bubbling and just thickened. Set aside to cool, then refrigerate and chill for about 1 hour. Stir in remaining 1 cup strawberries.nIn a medium clean, cold bowl, beat cream with the remaining 2 tablespoons of the sugar and liqueur until stiff peaks form. Fold the whipped cream into strawberry mixture. Chill fool until beginning to set, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound fresh strawberries, hulled, medium dice about 3 cups, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon orangeflavored liqueur, 1 cup cold heavy cream], title: StrawberryOrange Fool, picturelink: 796SgZOEM1wA242OK2uLBUdimzz82}, 15258: {instructions: Pile salad ingredients in a mixing bowl as you prepare them. Combine salad ingredients, taste, and adjust seasonings. Serve salad on bed of lettuce leaves.nYield: Preparation time: 10 minutes Cooking time: 8 to 10 minutes for pasta Ease of preparation: moderate, ingredients: [12 pound mediumsize shell shape pasta, cooked to al dente, cold shocked, well drained, 2 scallions, chopped, both whites and greens, 12 small red bell pepper, seeded and chopped into fine dice, 13 cup tiny frozen green peas, a generous handful, 14 to 13 cup mayonnaise, 3 or 4 sprigs fresh tarragon, chopped to about 2 tablespoons, Coarse salt and pepper, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, Romaine or leaf lettuce, for lining plate under salad], title: Sea Shells Salad, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 15259: {instructions: In a large saucepan heat oil and saute onions and garlic until onions are translucent. Add ginger, salt, pepper, red pepper flakes, curry powder and saute for about 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Add tomatoes, squash, chicken or vegetable stock and deglaze pan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, covered for 20 minutes. Add 2 cups of the peas and simmer, covered, for another 10 minutes or until peas and squash are tender. Using an immersion blender puree soup in pot. Add remaining peas and reheat. Stir in cilantro. Adjust seasoning. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 medium onions, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, Salt and pepper to taste, Hot red pepper flakes to taste, crumbled, 2 12 teaspoons mild curry powder, 4 plum tomatoes, chopped, 12 butternut squash, peeled, seeded, roughly chopped, 4 cups vegetable stock, 3 cups fresh green peas or 1 pound frozen, 14 cup cilantro leaves, chopped], title: Pea Soup East African Style, picturelink: null}, 15260: {instructions: Preheat the oven to moderately slow 325 degrees F. Sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and spices onto a piece of wax paper and set aside. Cream together the butter, shortening and sugar until fluffylight. Add the molasses and cream well beat in the eggs yolks, 1 at a time. Combine the Madeira and the milk. Add the sifted dry ingredients to the creamed mixture alternately with the combined liquids, beginning and ending with the dry ingredients. Beat the egg whites to soft peaks and fold gently into the batter but thoroughly.nPour the batter into a wellgreased and floured 10inch tube pan and bake about 1 hour and 15 minutes or until the cake beings to pull from the sides of the pan and feels springy to the touch. Cool the cake rightside up in its pan on a wire rack 10 minutes loosen with a spatula then the cake out of the rack, remove the pan, and cool to room temperature before cutting. Serve plain, or frost if you like with your favorite butter cream to which you have added about 1 tablespoon of Madeira wine and 2 to 3 tablespoons of chopped preserved ginger., ingredients: [4 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 pound 1 stick plus 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup shortening, 1 23 cups sugar, 13 cup light molasses or dark corn syrup, 5 large eggs, separated, 13 cup sweet Madeira recommended: Malmsey or Boal, 1 cup milk], title: Ginger Cake: Bolo do Gengibre, picturelink: null}, 15261: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nWhisk together the flours, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Add the butter and work into the flour using your fingers or a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles coarse cornmeal.nWhisk together the milk, honey and egg white in a small bowl. Add to the dry mixture and stir with a fork until just incorporated.nDrop 12 mounds onto the prepared baking sheet, leaving about 2 inches between each biscuit. Bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet.nServe warm with honey on the side., ingredients: [2 12 cups white whole wheat flour, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 14 cups reducedfat 2percent milk, 3 tablespoons honey, plus more for serving, 1 large egg white], title: Honeyed WholeGrain Drop Biscuits, picturelink: imOtt1I9zSFrePCoOOOvmAhWIqKuYGy}, 15262: {instructions: In a saute pan, bring the chicken stock , salt, garlic, and black pepper to a boil. Add the chicken breasts, and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Leaving chicken in the liquid, allow to cool. When cool, remove the chicken. Bone and shred the chicken breasts and return to the liquid. Set aside. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Heat the oil in a skillet. Pass the tortillas, one at a time, quickly through the oil, about 10 seconds per side. Place tortillas between paper towels to absorb excess oil. To assemble, put about 112th of the shredded chicken on each tortilla, sprinkling 1 teaspoon of the simmering liquid on top. Spread one tablespoon of the Salsa Verde over the chicken. Roll the tortilla around the chicken and sauce and place in a greased ceramic or glass casserole. Continue with the rest of the tortillas and filling until the entire filling is used up. Pour 34 of the remaining salsa verde over the enchiladas. Sprinkle with the grated cheese. Bake for 5 minutes then, check the progress. Continue baking until sauce begins to bubble, which may mean an additional 5 minutes. Top with sour cream when serving. Serve remaining salsa verde at the table. Note: Salsa verde can be made in advance and refrigerated for 3 to 4 days. Warm the refrigerated sauce before assembling the enchiladas.nFor the sauce, clean the thin dry skins off the tomatillos. Boil all the ingredients together until soft, about 10 minutes. Cool for 30 minutes then, puree in a food processor. This should yield about 3 cups if sauce seems too thick, thin with chicken stock to pourable paste consistency. Set aside., ingredients: [2 whole young chicken breasts, 1 cup chicken stock or water, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 34 cup corn or canola oil, 1 dozen flour tortillas, Salsa Verde, recipe follows, 1 pound grated asaderostyle cheese substitutes: mozzarella or Monterey Jack, Sour cream, for garnish, 2 pounds green tomatillos, 1 or 2 jalapenos, 3 large garlic cloves, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon salt], title: Enchiladas Verde, picturelink: null}, 15263: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMix all of the ingredients thoroughly in a large bowl, reserving 12 cup of sundried tomato puree. Form the mixture into a loaf and transfer it to a baking dish. Cover and bake until the internal temperature registers 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 1 hour. Remove the baking dish from the oven. Spread the reserved puree on top, then return it to the oven, and bake uncovered for 10 to 15 minutes.nWhen ready to serve, heat up a little oil from the sundried tomatoes in a nonstick skillet or griddle. Cut the meatloaf into about 1inch slices and add to the skillet. Crisp on both sides for an extra layer of texture., ingredients: [2 pounds ground turkey, 1 12 cups bread crumbs, homemade from good soft and sweet bread, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 12 cups herb and oil marinated sundried tomatoes, pureed in a food processor, plus oil for griddle, preferably with garlic, herbs and dried tomatoes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Twice Cooked Turkey Meatloaf, picturelink: UEOY6NZDvmlG3B7OdasJoUboEPHFLom}, 15264: {instructions: Position oven rack in the bottom 13 of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Spray the inside of 6 10 ounces ramekins, or ovenproof baking cups, with nonstick cooking spray and sprinkle with a little sugar to coat evenly.nIn a large bowl, place chopped chocolate, cocoa, and 34 cup of the sugar.nWhisk in boiling water. When chocolate is completely melted, whisk in egg yolks and vanilla. Then stir in the flour. Set aside.nCombine egg whites with cream of tartar in a medium mixing bowl. Beat on medium speed until soft peaks form. Gradually sprinkle in remaining 14 cup sugar and beat on high speed until stiff but not dry.nFold about 13 of the chocolate mixture into the egg whites. Fold in the remaining chocolate mixture in 2 additions. Divide batter into prepared ramekins.nDrop one 12 ounce of dark chocolate into the center of each souffle just before baking.nBake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until the top has formed a nice crust and the sides appear cakelike. Sprinkle with powdered sugar. Dig in immediately, ingredients: [3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped fine, 12 cup unsweetened Dutch Process cocoa powder, 34 cup plus 14 cup sugar, 12 cup boiling water, 2 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 8 egg whites, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 6 12ounce pieces dark chocolate, 2 to 3 teaspoons powdered sugar], title: Individual Chocolate Souffles, picturelink: null}, 15265: {instructions: For the sauce: Whisk together the chili sauce, ketchup, oyster sauce and soy sauce in a small bowl until combined.nFor the omelets: Whisk 14 cup cold water with the potato starch in a small mixing bowl until combined.nWorking in batches, make one omelet at a time by mixing together onequarter of the beaten eggs, onequarter of the starch mixture and 4 or 5 oysters in a small bowl. Make sure to whisk the starch slurry frequently to keep it combined. Stir in 14 of the basil.nHeat a small wok or 6inch nonstick skillet over medium heat until it begins to smoke and add about 1 teaspoon of the peanut oil. Place 1 mu shu pancake into the wok and cook until hot and beginning to brown, about 30 seconds, and then flip and toast the other side. Transfer the pancake to a plate. Pour the egg mixture into the bottom of the wok and swirl to coat the base of the pan. Cook, releasing the edges of the omelet with a spatula, until the bottom is set and beginning to brown and the egg on the surface is just set, 30 to 45 seconds. Do not overcook.nSlide the omelet directly onto the toasted warm pancake and drizzle some of the sauce over the top. Repeat with the remaining egg mixture and pancakes to make 3 more omelets. Cut each omelet into quarters and serve faceup, or fold in half and serve with more sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chili sauce, such as Sriracha or Tabasco, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 2 heaping tablespoons potato starch or cornstarch, 8 large eggs, beaten, 18 shucked small oysters, such as Kumamoto, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, plus more as needed, Four 6 to 8inch mu shu pancakes or flour tortillas, 12 large Thai basil leaves, sliced into thin ribbons], title: Spicy Oyster Omelet Tacos, picturelink: null}, 15266: {instructions: In a food processor fitted with a metal blade, combine blue cheese and cream cheese. Process until smooth and blended. Transfer to airtight container and chill in refrigerator for at least 4 hours.nOnce chilled, form cheese into 6 even sized balls and roll each blue cheese ball in chopped dates. Serve cheese set on clean basil leaves. Arrange on a platter or cheese board with assorted crackers., ingredients: [4 ounces blue cheese, 16 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 14 cups dates, finely chopped, Basil leaves, washed and patted dry, Assorted crackers, for serving], title: Blue Cheese with Date Spread, picturelink: iLWCZofoQ7UODo3EpcOK1T.uGBLp49S}, 15267: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBlend all the ingredients, except the tuna, in a food processor until smooth but still chunky. Transfer to a medium serving bowl. Drain the tuna but do not rinse. Flake the tuna with a fork. Add to the olive mixture, blending gently with a fork. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve with Crostini.nCrostini:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice the baguette, on the bias, into thin slices. In a small bowl, mix the oils and salt and pepper, to taste. Using a pastry brush, lightly coat 1 side of bread slices with the oil. Arrange on a sheet tray and bake until golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes.nYield: about 24 slices, ingredients: [12 cup canned pitted black olives, 12 cup jarred pitted green olives, 4 tablespoons capers, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 5 to 6ounce can tuna, in oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Crostini, recipe follows, 1 baguette, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tuna Tapenade, picturelink: ObwHb4WFGa4KV00YwXmYpfe1OhWxS}, 15268: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a saucepan over medium heat, add the sugar and water. Cook for about 5 minutes, stirring often, until the sugar is dissolved and the syrup is clear. Set aside to cool.nPut the sugar syrup, lime juice, mint leaves, lime zest, and rum into a blender and blend until smooth. Add the ice and blend until slushy. Spoon into glasses garnish with a sprig of mint and a lime slice., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 12 cup fresh lime juice, about 4 to 6 limes, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, firmly packed, 2 limes, zested, 12 cup light rum, 8 cups crushed ice, Mint sprigs and lime wedges, for garnish], title: Mojito Slushy, picturelink: XkqkvPW2OW3zDj256tLNc0z1kpxN1sO}, 15269: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Combine cookie crumbs and butter. Press firmly into bottom of ungreased 9inch springform pan or 13 x 9inch baking pan. Bake 8 to 10 minutes. Cool.nBEAT cream cheese in large bowl until fluffy. Gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk, lime juice and pudding mix until smooth. Stir in pineapple. Fold in whipped cream. Pour into prepared pan.nCHILL 6 hours or overnight. Garnish as desired., ingredients: [2 cups shortbread cookie crumbs about 30 cookies or vanilla wafer crumbs about 50 wafers, 14 cup butter, melted, 1 8 oz. package cream cheese, softened, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 14 cup lime juice, 1 4serving size package instant pistachio flavor pudding mix, 1 8 oz. can crushed pineapple, undrained, 1 cup 12 pt. heavy cream, whipped], title: Pistachio Pineapple Dessert, picturelink: NOHYcsVQkAHjDekxETOPClpVD7nug6}, 15270: {instructions: Put a rimmed baking sheet under the broiler preheat 5 minutes. Toss the pork with 1 tablespoon olive oil and 1 teaspoon fajita seasoning in a large bowl. Transfer the pork to the hot baking sheet and broil 5 minutes. Meanwhile, add the bell peppers, thickly sliced onions, 1 tablespoon olive oil and the remaining 1 teaspoon fajita seasoning to the bowl toss.nTurn the pork and scatter the vegetables around it. Broil, tossing the vegetables and turning the pork occasionally, until the vegetables are tender and charred around the edges and a thermometer inserted into the center of the pork registers 145 degrees F, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the pork to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes. Continue broiling the vegetables, if needed.nToss the thinly sliced onion, radishes, cucumbers, jalapenos and brine in a bowl season with salt and pepper. Add the cilantro, the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and the lime juice toss.nSlice the pork and toss with the peppers and onions. Serve in the tortillas with the cucumber salad and lime wedges.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 large pork tenderloin about 1 14 pounds, trimmed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons fajita seasoning, 2 bell peppers red andor yellow, sliced, 2 small red onions 112 thickly sliced, 12 thinly sliced, 6 radishes, thinly sliced, 2 Persian cucumbers, chopped, 2 teaspoons finely chopped pickled jalapenos mild or hot, plus 1 tablespoon brine, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup fresh cilantro, Juice of 12 lime, plus wedges for serving, 12 corn tortillas, warmed], title: Pork Tacos with Onions and Peppers, picturelink: MyoHu1aps9pKFndP6r3ZbfnKJ6iyzd2}, 15271: {instructions: Set a rimmed baking sheet on the top oven rack preheat to 475 degrees F. Put the potatoes and 1 tablespoon water in a large microwavesafe bowl cover with plastic wrap and pierce a few times with a knife to vent. Microwave until very tender, 10 to 13 minutes. Meanwhile, generously butter an 8inchround cake pan sprinkle in 2 tablespoons breadcrumbs and shake to coat, then tap out the excess.nAdd 4 tablespoons butter and the parmesan to the potatoes season with salt and pepper and mash. Gradually mash in the beaten eggs. Spread half of the mixture in the prepared pan top with the provolone, peppers and parsley, leaving a 1inch border. Top with the remaining potato mixture and smooth evenly. Sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon breadcrumbs. Dot with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter.nSet the pan on the hot baking sheet and bake until puffed and golden, about 15 minutes. Run a knife around the edge to loosen, then unmold. Let rest 5 minutes before slicing. Meanwhile, toss the salad greens, olive oil and lemon juice in a bowl season with salt and pepper. Serve with the potato cake.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pan, 3 tablespoons breadcrumbs, 1 cup grated parmesan or pecorino romano cheese 2 ounces, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 4 ounces thinly sliced provolone cheese, 12 cup chopped jarred roasted red peppers, drained and patted dry, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 5ounce package mixed greens about 8 cups, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Sicilian PotatoandEgg Cake, picturelink: kYN6CdKOlua.nP7.t3YhXoShAAJwNHC}, 15272: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium skillet, saute the onions, bell peppers and garlic in the butter until tender. Add the ketchup, carrots, basil, and fresh and canned tomatoes, then cook for 10 to 15 minutes more. Add the string beans, season with salt and pepper and continue cooking until the vegetables are tender, taking care not to overcook the beans. Serve over rice or as a side dish., ingredients: [1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon butter, 13 cup ketchup, 12 cup grated carrot, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 2 large tomatoes, diced, One 10ounce can tomatoes with chiles, such as Rotel, 3 cups sliced fresh string beans, in 12inch pieces, Salt and pepper, Rice, for serving], title: String Beans and Tomatoes, picturelink: oDBax51IQYwdStKayOmlIYAbiYzJza}, 15273: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nSpread seeds on a baking sheet. Toast at 300 degrees for 15 minutes until toasted evenly or golden brown.nBeat the butter, sugar, and brown sugar in mixing bowl until creamy. Blend in the vanilla, maple syrup and salt. Stir in the flour and benne seeds and mix well. Roll into cylinder, wrap in plastic film and chill for 1 hour or more.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nSlice into 18inch thick rounds approximately tablespoon size, roll and shape into crescents and bake cookies on nonstick or parchmentlined baking sheet until light brown, approximately 12 minutes. Cool slightly and roll warm cookies in confectioners sugar.nCooks Note: Buy hulled raw seeds in bulk from a natural foods store., ingredients: [34 cup benne sesame seeds, 34 cup 6 ounces butter, softened, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Confectioners sugar], title: Benne Crescent Cookies, picturelink: null}, 15274: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 wooden skewersnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLine a baking sheet with a larger sheet of parchment paper so that the paper extends over the edges of the pan by a couple of inches. Lay the bacon slices on the paper and bake until golden brown and crisp, 20 to 25 minutes. Drain on paper towels until cool.nWhile the bacon cooks, in a small bowl, stir together the tomatoes, balsamic, salt and sugar. Set aside to marinate at least 15 minutes.nCut each bacon slice into 4 pieces. Cut the iceberg wedges in half crosswise. On a skewer, pierce a tight section of iceberg, then a tomato half, then a piece of bacon. Repeat with more lettuce, tomato and bacon. Repeat with the remaining ingredients, making 8 skewers.nServe with a small bowl of Buttermilk Blue Cheese Dressing for dipping, and garnish with cracked black pepper and chives.nIn a small bowl, stir together the mayonnaise, buttermilk, dill, Dijon and pepper until well combined. Gently stir in the blue cheese. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, if necessary. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 5 days., ingredients: [4 slices thickcut 14inch slab bacon, 8 large cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon sugar, 1 small head iceberg lettuce, cut into 8 wedges through the core, Buttermilk Blue Cheese Dressing, recipe follows, for serving, Fresh cracked black pepper, 1 small bunch fresh chives, cut into 1inch batons, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup lowfat buttermilk, 12 teaspoon fresh dill, minced, 14 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons crumbled blue cheese, Kosher salt], title: Wedgelet Kabobbies, picturelink: lArXLJ2wihFcQ8Ift4KQJKg.LOuiJ.}, 15275: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a medium saucepan with 2 quarts cold water. Add the salt, coriander, peppercorns and lemon wedges, squeezing the juice into the pot first, and bring to a boil. Let boil for 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to a simmer, add the shrimp, and simmer for about 4 minutes, or until just cooked through. Drain the shrimp in a colander, transfer to a bowl, cover and let chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.nWhen shrimp is chilled, serve with dipping sauce.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace tomatillos, onion, garlic, and jalapeno on a halfsheet pan, toss with the oil, and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the mixture is soft, but do not allow it to color, about 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a food processor and process until smooth. Add the vinegar, honey, horseradish, and cilantro and pulse just to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Scrape into a bowl, cover, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns, 2 lemons, quartered, 1 12 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, TomatilloHorseradish Sauce, recipe follows, 12 tomatillos, husked, washed, and cut in 12, 1 large red onion, coarsely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 jalapeno peppers, chopped, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 to 3 tablespoons honey, 14 cup prepared horseradish, drained, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves], title: Shrimp Cocktail with TomatilloHorseradish Sauce, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 15276: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the chopped onions in the bottom of a large baking dish and drizzle with olive oil. Rub the steaks with the seasoned salt, pepper and garlic and place on top of the onions in a single layer. Drizzle the steaks with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Pour the beer over the steaks and tuck the mushrooms and peppers around the steaks. Roast the steaks in the oven for 30 to 45 minutes. This recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 medium yellow onion, chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Four 10 to 12ounce rib eye steaks, 1 teaspoon seasoned salt, such as Lawrys, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped garlic, Balsamic vinegar, for drizzling, One 12ounce can beer not light beer, 6 button mushrooms, 2 red bell peppers, chopped], title: Fork Steak, picturelink: F8DvNnfC07jg7tdBsxfN9FaPlTx75f2}, 15277: {instructions: Rinse the anchovies, pat them dry, and place them on a plate. Season them with salt and pepper, sprinkle on the thyme leaves, and drizzle with 14 cup olive oil. Set them aside to marinate while you make the salsa.nCombine the lemon supremes, red onion, chile, mint, and cilantro in a bowl. Add a pinch of sugar and some salt and pepper. Stir in 14 cup olive oil and mix well.nHeat the grill or a grill pan. Grill the anchovies, carefully turning them over halfway through cooking, for about 10 to 12 minutes, or until cooked through. Remove to a platter and top with the lemon and mint Salsa.nAsk your fish monger to do this for you., ingredients: [1 pound fresh white anchovies or fresh sardines, scaled and cleaned , Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 lemons, supremed, 1 red onion, finely diced, 1 fresh red chile, finely chopped, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh mint leaves, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Pinch sugar], title: Grilled White Anchovies with Lemon and Mint Salsa, picturelink: null}, 15278: {instructions: Special equipment: an instantread thermometernIn a small bowl, combine the mint, rosemary and garlic. Open up the lamb flat on a baking sheet and top with some salt and pepper, about 2 tablespoons of the honey and about threequarters of the herbgarlic mix. Roll up the lamb and tie it with butchers twine, then top with the remaining honey and herbgarlic mix. Refrigerate, uncovered, for about 2 hours to marinate, then let the lamb come to room temperature before cooking.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nAdd the chicken broth, white wine, carrots, onions and fennel to a large Dutch oven, then set the lamb on top of the vegetables. Roast until the lamb registers an internal temperature of 130 degrees F medium rare on an instantread thermometer, about 2 hours.nLet the lamb rest on a cutting board for 15 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the vegetables to a serving platter.nIn a small bowl, use a fork to mash the butter and flour together to form a smooth paste. Place the Dutch oven with the pan juices over medium heat and bring to a simmer, then whisk in the butter and flour mixture. Bring to a boil and heat until thickened, about 3 minutes.nSlice the lamb and serve with the vegetables and pan sauce spooned over., ingredients: [1 12 cups fresh mint, chopped, 12 cup fresh rosemary, chopped, 10 cloves garlic, smashed and minced, One 5pound boneless leg of lamb, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup honey, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup dry white wine, 6 medium carrots, cut into large 3inch pieces, 2 red onions, cut into quarters, 2 fennel bulbs, stalks removed, bulbs cut in half and then into 1 12inch strips, 2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: HoneyBraised Leg of Lamb with Carrots and Fennel, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 15279: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. In large bowl, whisk together dry ingredients. Gently cut in butter then add yogurt. Mix with hands without overworking dough. Dough should be slightly sticky. Pour onto lightly floured counter and roll to 1inch thickness. Cut out 2inch rounds and place on unlined nonstick baking tray. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Brush tops with heavy cream and bake 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 ounces cold unsalted butter, 1 cup lowfat yogurt, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Country Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 15280: {instructions: Line a small baking sheet with parchment or wax paper. Spray with cooking spray and set aside.nIn a small bowl, carefully toss the raspberries and vinegar together. Let the mixture stand for 15 minutes.nHeat a 10inch nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the sugar and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar melts, about 5 minutes. Pour the sugar onto the prepared baking sheet and allow to cool, 5 to 10 minutes the sugar will be hot. When cool enough to handle, crumble into small pieces.nIn another small bowl, mix together the mascarpone cheese, sour cream, and honey until smooth.nSpoon the raspberry mixture into 4 8ounce glasses. Dollop the mascarpone mixture on top. Sprinkle with the crumbled sugar and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 2 cups fresh raspberries 8 ounces, 3 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar aged for 5 to 10 years, 13 cup turbinado sugar recommended: Sugar in the Raw, 1 cup mascarpone, at room temperature 8 ounces, 14 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons honey], title: Raspberry and Balsamic Parfaits, picturelink: jRb4hvhOp7U.ihLnEPTTodaV2xRMzou}, 15281: {instructions: Lay the lettuce leaves out on a clean flat work surface. Evenly divide the chopped chicken, shredded carrot and leftover couscous between the leaves.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the reserved satay marinade and sweet yogurt sauce. Drizzle the sauce over the chicken, wrap them up, and eat, ingredients: [1 head butter lettuce, leaves removed, 4 reserved Chicken Satay Skewers, chopped, 1 carrot, shredded, Reserved 1 cup couscous with grilled vegetables, Reserved 2 tablespoons Chicken Satay marinade, Reserved 2 tablespoons Sweet Yogurt Sauce], title: Online Round 2 Recipe  Spicy and Sweet Chicken Wraps, picturelink: null}, 15282: {instructions: Whisk together eggs, sugar and salt in a large bowl. Add the milk, cream and peach puree and vanilla and whisk until combined. Place brioche in a large baking dish, pour custard over and turn to coat. Let sit for 5 minutes.nHeat 2 tablespoons of butter and 2 tablespoons of oil in a large nonstick saute pan over high heat. Add 4 slices of the soaked bread and cook until golden brown, flip over and continue cooking until golden brown on the second side. Place 1 slice of the French toast on a plate, ladle some of the peach syrup on top. Top with a second slice of toast and ladle more of the peaches on top. Garnish with a mint sprig.nHeat maple syrup over low heat in a medium saucepan. Add the peaches, pecans and bourbon and let simmer for 10 minutes., ingredients: [6 large eggs, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups whole milk, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup white peach puree, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 slices day old brioche, sliced 12inch thick, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, White PeachPecan Maple Syrup, recipe follows, Mint sprigs, for garnish, 1 cup pure maple syrup, 4 ripe white peaches, peeled, pitted and cut into 18ths, 14 cup coarsely chopped toasted pecans, 12 cup bourbon, optional], title: White PeachBourbon French Toast with White PeachPecan Maple Syrup, picturelink: XjdlWxYJInhd7nn9CIhLBADMJRfdIC}, 15283: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, beat together the butter and cream cheese with an electric mixer. With the mixer on low speed, add the powdered sugar a cup at a time until smooth and creamy. Beat in the vanilla extract., ingredients: [4 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 cups powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: 63mRDCBWoGghl5szX78wsvYz221dyMO}, 15284: {instructions: Put the flour on a worktable. Make a well in the center of the flour and add the tomatoes, egg, and salt. Combine together and knead until the mixture becomes an even dough. If the mixture becomes too wet, add more flour, if it becomes too dry, add more tomato juice.nSprinkle the work surface with a little flour. Cut a quarter of the dough and roll the dough flat. Cut the dough into strips 12inch wide and then each strip about 2 to 3inches long. Using your thumb and index finger, gently pinch the width of the dough strip, and then roll out. Repeat the above process until all the dough is used up. Cover up any excess dough with a cloth to prevent it from drying, if you are not using it immediately.nPut the doughstrips on a lightly floured board and then add to a pot of boiling salted water. Stir to prevent the pasta from sticking together and drain when the pasta floats to the surface, 2 to 3 minutes. Reserve 14 cup pasta water.nTo make the sauce: Add the olive oil, chopped rosemary, and Parmigiano cheese to a cold saucepan. Add the cooked strozzapreti to the saucepan with a 14 cup pasta water and mix well., ingredients: [1 pound500 g allpurpose flour, 3 plum tomatoes, peeled, finely chopped with juices, 1 egg, Salt, 14 cup50 ml extravirgin olive oil, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves picked and finely chopped, 12 cup125 ml finely grated Parmigiano cheese, 14 cup reserved pasta water], title: Strozzapreti, picturelink: null}, 15285: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Use an electric mixer to beat egg whites with cream of tartar, salt, and vanilla. When whites begin to hold stiff peaks, gradually add half the sugar. When peaks become glossy, gently fold in remaining sugar.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper, and use a pastry bag with a star tip or a resealable plastic bag with a corner cut out to form small mounds of meringue mixture, each about an inch wide and tall.nBake meringues until hard, about 2 hours. Meringues are ready when they release from the parchment paper. Turn oven off, prop door open and allow meringues to sit in oven for another hour or so.nFor pink vanilla meringues: After adding the first 14 cup sugar, add a drop or two of pink or red food coloring to mixture. Continue with Step 1., ingredients: [2 egg whites, at room temperature, 2 pinches cream of tartar, 18 teaspoon salt, 12 vanilla bean, seeds scraped from pod or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup superfine sugar], title: Vanilla Meringues, picturelink: null}, 15286: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Line an 8inch square metal baking pan with a 12by8inch piece of parchment paper leaving an overhang on 2 sides.nMelt the butter in a small microwavesafe bowl in the microwave, about 1 minute. Brush the parchment paper with some of the melted butter, then flip it over and press it back in the pan. Brush the other side of the paper and the sides of the pan with butter.nWhisk the egg yolks and sugar vigorously in a large bowl until pale, creamy and thick, 1 to 2 minutes. Pour in the remaining melted butter and whisk until incorporated. Add the salt and all but 2 tablespoons of the flour, mixing until completely combined.nHeat the milk in a microwave safe bowl or measuring cup in the microwave until warm, about 1 minute. Slowly add the milk and vanilla to the egg yolk mixture, whisking constantly until well combined the batter will be thin. Toss the berries with the reserved 2 tablespoons flour and gently stir into the mixture.nBeat the egg whites and the cream of tartar in a clean bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed in until stiff peaks form, about 2 minutes. Scrape the whites into the yolk mixture, gently breaking them up a little with a whisk. Using a whisk, gently stir and fold the mixture a few times to coat the whites with liquid while keeping as much volume as possible the batter will not be homogeneous. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and gently smooth the top with a rubber spatula.nBake until the top is browned and puffed and the cake is mostly set with a slight jiggle in the center, about 1 hour. Let the cake cool completely in the pan, about 2 hours.nTo serve, dust the top of the cake with confectioners sugar. Run a small offset spatula or thin knife around the edges of the pan to loosen. Use the parchment paper overhang to lift the cake from the pan and place it on a cutting board. Cut the cake into 9 squares and serve topped with whipped cream., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, separated, 34 cup granulated sugar, 23 cup allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 cups milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup strawberries, sliced 14 inch thick, 1 cup raspberries, halved lengthwise, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, Confectioners sugar, for serving, Whipped cream, for serving], title: Berry Layer Magic Cake, picturelink: TZUiV.Aheo55siIDbo1zGMBbv707KK}, 15287: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCoat the tomatoes in olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast 20 minutes to concentrate the flavor and burst the tomatoes.nCut 2 large planks of bread each 1inch thick by slicing the bread lengthwise horizontally. Reserve the rest of the loaf for another use.nWhen you remove the tomatoes from the oven, switch on broiler. Char bread on both sides then rub hot bread with cut garlic.nIn a bowl, lightly mash the roasted tomatoes and combine with scallions and basil. Top the large planks with tomato mixture then cut each giant crostini into 4 pieces, 8 pieces total., ingredients: [2 pints grape tomatoes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 loaf sesame semolina bread, 2 cloves garlic, halved, 4 scallions, finely chopped, 12 cup basil leaves, thinly sliced], title: Roasted Tomato Bruschetta, picturelink: MVwHmOiLfTJnztIavHxb80adpPXdia}, 15288: {instructions: Mix together schmaltz, stock, truffle oil, salt, and eggs. Thoroughly mix in matzo meal. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Form into golf balls and stuff with a teaspoon of Shiitake Gribenes in the center, and cook, covered, in 2 quarts of boiling chicken stock for 20 minutes until light as a feather but also heavy as a cannon ball.nSaute chicken skin until fat exudes and lightly golden. Saute onion until deep golden brown. Add garlic and saute for 2 minutes. Strain to separate solids from oil and reserve both. Saute mushrooms in 1 tablespoon of the oil in the pan until wilted.nRemove shiitakes and reserve for the matzoh balls. Nosh on the gribenes, shmeared on rye bread., ingredients: [3 tablespoons rendered chicken fat, melted schmaltz, 14 cup chicken stock, plus 2 quarts chicken stock, 1 tablespoon truffle oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 large eggs, 1 cup matzoh meal, Shiitake Gribenes, recipe follows, Skin from 4 chicken thighs, 1 large onion, chopped in large chunks, 2 cloves garlic coarsely chopped, 2 ounces shiitake mushrooms, cut in chunks, Salt and pepper], title: Truffled, Shiitake Matzo Ball Soup, picturelink: M5Noa5xFsqBATm8gHaW7Qa9CXRtB6}, 15289: {instructions: Place chicken in a shallow pot or nonstick pan with just enough water to keep it from burning. Season with salt and pepper. Cover, turn heat to medium and cook 5 minutes. Add peas to pan, cover and continue cooking 3 to 5 minutes more until chicken is tender and snap peas are blanched but still crunchy. Remove from heat, pour off liquid and let cool.nPlace sesame tahini and sesame oil in a large salad bowl, whisk in lime juice and stir until combined. Add soy sauce, ginger, sugar and chili paste. Taste and adjust seasonings. Add chicken, snap peas, cabbage, peppers, sprouts, scallions, carrots and cilantro. Toss until all ingredients are coated with dressing. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast, sliced into strips, Water, Coarse salt and cracked pepper, 12 pound sugar snap peas, 1 12 pounds Napa cabbage, thinly sliced, about 1 small head, 2 cups red cabbage, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced thin, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and sliced thin, 1 12 cups sprouts, 6 scallions, sliced thinly, 5 ounces shredded carrots 12 a 10 ounce supermarket bag, 1 cup loosely packed, roughly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon sesame tahini or creamy peanut butter, 1 teaspoon dark sesame oil, 12 cup lime juice, 6 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons grated ginger, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon chili paste], title: Chinese Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 15290: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Toss 1 12 pounds sliced summer squash and 1 sliced onion with olive oil, salt and pepper. Grill 3 to 5 minutes per side. Toss with more olive oil, the zest and juice of 1 lemon, and some chopped parsley and mint. Top with shaved ricotta salata.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Grilled Summer Squash, picturelink: lbRQ.EH4BTrhVAE9.o6vtFa1deDjz6}, 15291: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 coupe glassnCombine the rye, dry vermouth, sweet vermouth and bitters in a cocktail shaker, add ice, and stir until chilled. Strain the mixture into a chilled coupe glass. Garnish with the lemon twist and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 34 ounces rye whiskey, 12 ounce dry vermouth, 12 ounce sweet vermouth, 2 dashes Angostura bitters, Lemon twist, for garnish], title: Perfect Manhattan, picturelink: UcOKvqUbq0yD.1sVliuXhBJ3Bgpc0eu}, 15292: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 175 degrees F. For the seasoned flour: In a bowl, mix the flour, Cajun spice and salt together well. For the chicken: Toss the chicken with the salt, pepper and 12 cup vegetable oil and place on parchment paper on a baking sheet. Slow cook in the oven until the internal temperature on an instantread meat thermometer reaches 165 degrees F, about 2 hours do not let the thermometer touch the bone. Then remove the chicken and cool. Heat a deepfryer with the remaining 8 cups oil to 400 degrees F. Toss the cooled chicken with the seasoned flour and flashfry, in batches if needed, in the fryer, cooking until the skin crisps, 3 to 4 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon Cajun spice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 8 12 cups vegetable oil], title: Slow Roasted Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 15293: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. In a large bowl toss together the shallots, the garlic, the chopped oregano, the potatoes, the olives and 2 tablespoons of the oil and salt and pepper to taste. Rub the chicken with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, the lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Put the chicken in a roasting pan surround the potatoes and olives and place in the upper third of a preheated oven for 20 minutes. Periodically basting and turning the vegetables Reduce the temperature to 375 degrees F., and roast the chicken and vegetables for 15 minutes more or until the chicken is cooked through and the potatoes are tender. Transfer the chicken and the vegetables with a slotted spoon to a heated platter, skim fat from the pan and deglaze with wine, reduce 1 minute then add the broth. into the skillet, scraping up the brown bits, and boil the mixture for 1 minute. Strain the liquid through a sieve over the chicken and garnish the chicken with the oregano sprigs., ingredients: [12 large shallots blanched in boiling water for 2 minutes, peel and halved lengthwise, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves or 1 tablespoon crumbled, 8 small Yukon Gold potatoes, scrubbed and halved or, if large, quartered, 14 cup cracked green olives, pitted, 14 cup kalamata olives, pitted, 1 whole 3 pound chicken, rinsed and patted dry, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 cup chicken broth, 12 cup dry white wine], title: Chicken Roasted with Potatoes, Shallots, and Olives, picturelink: null}, 15294: {instructions: Whisk 34 cup cornmeal, 14 cup flour, 2 tablespoons sugar and 34 teaspoon each baking soda and salt in a bowl. Stir in 1 beaten egg, 12 cup each buttermilk and corn kernels, 1 minced jalapeno, 4 minced scallions, and pepper to taste. Deepfry spoonfuls of the batter in 350 degrees F vegetable oil until golden, 2 to 3 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Hush Puppies, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 15295: {instructions: Cooks Note: If you only have 1 mini cupcake tin, it is recommended that you mix up one batch of batter at a time and bake it off individually before mixing the next batter.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 3 24cup mini cupcake tins with paper liners.nEvenly divide the cake mix into 3 medium bowls. In each bowl, add 1 egg white, 3 tablespoons oil, and 13 cup of one of the juices. Mix each for 2 minutes until the batter is well incorporated. Scoop the batter into muffin cups using a mini ice cream scoop or tablespoon measure, filling each a little more than half full. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of a cupcake comes out clean, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven. When cool enough to handle, place the cupcakes on a wire rack to cool completely.nIn a medium bowl, beat together the butter with the softened cream cheese until combined. Slowly add in the powdered sugar until completely incorporated. Evenly divide the frosting between 3 bowls. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon of one of the juices to each and mix until well combined. Add a couple drops red food coloring to the cherry flavored, a couple drops blue food coloring to the blueberry flavored, and a couple drops yellow food coloring to the pineapple flavored. Mix until well combinednPlace each icing into a resealable bag and snip off 14 inch from the bottom corners of each bag. Pipe each flavored frosting atop its corresponding cupcake. If the frosting becomes too soft, chill in the refrigerator until it firms up enough for piping. Garnish the top of each cupcake with its corresponding garnish., ingredients: [1 box 18.25ounce white cake mix, divided, 3 egg whites, divided, 9 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon blueberry juice, divided, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon pineapple juice, divided, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon cherry juice, divided, 2 sticks butter, softened, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened slightly, 2 cups powdered sugar, Red, blue, and yellow food coloring, 24 fresh blueberries, for garnish, 12 pieces dried pineapple, sliced in half, for garnish, 12 maraschino cherries, stems removed and sliced in half, for garnish, 3 24cup mini cupcake tins, 72 mini cupcake papers, 3 resealable ziptop bags], title: Mini Cupcake Buffet, picturelink: .x6r24whdaVtBdL1wMD2GZoWsi0wF.y}, 15296: {instructions: Scoop the gelato into a small bowl or cup. Pour freshly made espresso over it. Enjoy., ingredients: [3 ounces gelato we recommend vanilla, straciatella, or hazelnut, 1 ounce freshly made espresso we like Lavazza Qualita Rossa or Crema E Gusto], title: Lavazza Espressions Affogato, picturelink: null}, 15297: {instructions: Wash rice at least 3 times or until water is clear. Fill rice cooker or casserole with water to about 1inch over rice or use Mt Fuji method. I highly recommend a rice cooker  more than 2 billion people use them in Asia for a reason. Slowly heat vinegar, mirin and sugar until very hot but not boiling. Fold in su vinegar and sugar with the hot rice, add enough so that the rice has a tartsweet taste. Rice should be shiny, not mushy. Carefully clean bowl with damp cloth, cover and let rest for 30 minutes.nMT FUJI note: The Mt. Fuji method is a way to determine the correct amount of water for any quantity of rice. First wash the rice till the water runs clear to wash away all the starch. Then you put it in the pan, put your hand flat on top of the rice, and fill the pot with water until it reaches the first knuckle of your index finger knuckle nearest your palm. It always works, no matter what the size of your hand., ingredients: [4 cups sushi rice Calroseshort grain, Water, up to Mount Fuji see below, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup mirin, 12 cup sugar], title: Master Sushi Rice, picturelink: null}, 15298: {}, 15299: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium pan over high heat. Sprinkle the fish evenly with the salt and place in the pan. Cook until translucent, and then flip and add the butter. Cook until the butter is browned, and then add the huitlacoche and shallots. Baste the fish with the butter and shallot mixture and remove from the pan. Serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoons canola oil, Two 3ounce fillets triggerfish, skin off and pin bones removed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons huitlacoche, 2 teaspoons chopped shallots], title: Triggerfish with Huitlecoche, picturelink: null}}