{15300: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large saucepan over low heat. Add the grated celery and onion and cook them until they are translucent. Add the flour and stir until the mixture becomes a smooth paste. Cook the paste for 2 to 3 minutes then add the chicken stock, stirring until smooth.nRaise the heat slightly, and bring the soup to a boil, and add the peanut butter, stirring to make sure that it is well mixed in. Lower the heat and allow the soup to simmer for 15 minutes. Finally add the milk, cream, hot pepper sauce, salt, and pepper, and bring the soup to the boil again. Correct the seasonings and serve hot, garnishing each serving with a few roasted peanuts., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 2 stalks celery, grated, 1 onion, grated, 1 tablespoon flour, 5 cups chicken stock, 1 cup chunkstyle peanut butter, 34 cup milk, 34 heavy cream, Hot pepper sauce, to taste, Salt and pepper, to taste, 12 cup chopped roasted peanuts], title: Peanut Soup, picturelink: null}, 15301: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a large mixing bowl, combine all the dry ingredients and cubed butter. Using the paddle attachment, blend the ingredients at low speed until the mixture resembles a coarse meal. Add the chilled heavy cream to the butter and flour mixture and mix until the dough just comes together. Allow the dough to rest for 5 minutes. Finish mixing the dough by hand until it forms a solid mass. Roll the dough until it is about 1inch thick. Cut the dough into the desired shortcake shape. Place the shortcakes on a parchment lined baking sheet. Chill. Remove the shortcakes from the refrigerator. Brush tops with heavy cream and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden. Garnish with figs., ingredients: [3 14 cups flour, 12 cups sugar, 2 12 tablespoons baking powder, 6 ounces very cold butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 14 cups cold heavy cream, Sugar in the raw, 12 fresh figs, chopped], title: Fig Shortcakes, picturelink: null}, 15302: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a large saucepan and cover with cold water by 1 inch. Season generously with salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until very tender, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp, 7 to 8 minutes transfer to a paper towellined plate.nDrain the potatoes and return to the saucepan over low heat cook until any remaining water evaporates, about 2 minutes. Add the butter, then gradually mash in the sour cream with a potato masher. Stir in the bacon and chives, reserving 1 tablespoon of each. Transfer to a serving dish top with cheddar and the remaining bacon and chives.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 12 pounds redskinned potatoes 4 to 5 medium, chopped, Kosher salt, 4 slices bacon, chopped, 1 stick salted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, 23 to 34 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, Shredded cheddar cheese, for topping], title: BaconandCheese Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 15303: {instructions: Put a pizza stone or inverted baking sheet on the center rack of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F.nPut the flour and yogurt in a large bowl and mix with a fork until a shaggy dough forms. The dough may appear dry and crumbly at first, but it will come together as you mix it. Turn the mixture out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead until the dough is smooth and slightly elastic, about 8 minutes, dusting with more flour if necessary. If the dough feels too dry, add water, a tablespoon at a time and continue kneading until it is soft and pliable. Divide the dough in half, roll into balls and then use a rolling pin to roll out into two 10inch pizzas. Dust the back of another inverted baking sheet or pizza peel with more flour, semolina or coarse cornmeal and place a circle of dough on top.nTop the dough round with sauce and shredded cheese as desired, leaving a halfinch bare border around the edge. Slide the pizza onto the preheated stone or baking sheet in the oven. Alternatively, roll out the dough on a baking sheet, top as desired and put the sheet in the oven to bake. Cook until the crust is golden and the cheese is bubbling, 8 to 10 minutes. Using a large spatula, transfer the pizza to a cutting board and let sit 5 minutes. Repeat with the remaining dough round., ingredients: [2 cups selfrising flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup fullfat Greek yogurt, Pizza sauce and shredded mozzarella, for topping], title: TwoIngredient Pizza Dough, picturelink: clInAqMq1XcUdrQ0WKTtmahkNDZb.ES}, 15304: {instructions: Bring the sugar and lime juice to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring until the sugar has dissolved. Let cool, then transfer the syrup to a 3quart pitcher.nAdd the wine, gin, triple sec and soda to the pitcher, and stir to combine. Add the cucumbers, jicama and melon, and cover the pitcher with plastic wrap. Refrigerate the sangria for at least 4 hours up to overnight.nTo serve, fill 8 glasses halfway with ice, then pour the sangria and fruit into each glass., ingredients: [12 jicama, peeled and cut into 14by34inch strips, 14 honeydew melon, seeds and skin removed, halved crosswise, cut lengthwise into 14inchthick wedges, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup lime juice, One 750milliliter bottle Riesling or other sweet white wine, 1 cup gin, such as Hendricks, 1 cup triple sec, such as Cointreau, Two 12ounce cans lemonlime soda, such as Sprite, 12 cucumber, halved crosswise, cut lengthwise into 14inchthick wedges], title: Honeydew, Jicama and Cucumber Sangria, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 15305: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan, cook the celery in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, for 3 minutes, or until it begins to soften. Stir in the celery seeds and the flour and cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the milk in a stream, whisking, and salt and pepper, to taste and simmer the sauce, stirring, until it is smooth and thickened.nStir in the zest, the lemon juice, and the Brussels sprouts and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, until the Brussels sprouts are heated through. Transfer the creamed Brussels sprouts to a heated serving dish., ingredients: [4 ribs celery, cut diagonally into 13inch slices, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon celery seeds, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 12 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed, blanched for 12 minutes in boiling salted water, or until they are tender, and drained, or 2 10ounce packages frozen, thawed], title: Lemony Creamed Brussels Sprouts and Celery, picturelink: null}, 15306: {instructions: Make the Pancakes: Put the carrots in a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Simmer until the carrots are tender, about 10 minutes. Drain. Put the cooked carrots and buttermilk in a food processor or blender and puree until smooth. Add the vanilla bean, orange zest, eggs, and sugar puree to fully incorporate. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt. Pour the wet carrot mixture into the dry flour mixture. Whisk until a smooth batter is formed. The batter may be covered and refrigerated for 1 hour or up to 4. Make the Topping: In a small bowl, combine the yogurt, honey, orange zest, and a pinch of salt. Cover and set aside in the refrigerator for 30 minutes or up to overnight so the flavors can come together. If desired, transfer the yogurt mixture to a couple of plastic squeeze bottles and add a few drops of food coloring to festively decorate the pancakes. Heat a griddle or nonstick skillet over medium heat and coat with nonstick cooking spray or butter. Working in batches, ladle the batter onto the pan to form pancakes. Cook until bubbles appear on the surface and undersides are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and flip with a silicon spatula. Cook about 1 minute more on the second side, taking care not to burn the nuts. Serve immediately or transfer to a platter and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining batter, until its used up. Serve the pancakes decorated with the colored yogurt., ingredients: [Pancakes:, 4 medium carrots, peeled and cut into large chunks, 1u00bd cups buttermilk, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, Finely grated zest of 1 orange, 2 large eggs, 1u00bd cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, u00bd teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, u00bd cup toasted and finely chopped walnuts, Nonstick cooking spray or melted unsalted butter, for griddle, Topping:, 2 cups plain Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons honey, Pinch of fine sea salt, Food coloring optional, Optional for serving:, Shredded coconut, Toasted walnut pieces, Chocolate Chips], title: Carrot Cake Pancakes with Sweetened Yogurt, picturelink: txFPKMVZSOmgRtDY5z33R41Bazp45Fa}, 15307: {instructions: Cut the pork tenderloin in half crosswise with a sharp knife, creating two 5inchlong pieces. Make a vertical cut down the middle of each piece, about 34 of the way through. Open the pieces like a book. Lay them cutside down on a piece of plastic wrap, cover with another piece and use a meat mallet to lightly pound the pork to about 12 inch thick.nAdd the pork, 14 cup of the yellow mustard, olive oil, pickle brine and garlic to a quart or gallonsize resealable bag. Close the bag, and rub the marinade into the pork. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, prepare a grill or large grill pan for mediumhigh heat.nOnce the pork has marinated for 30 minutes, transfer it to a plate, shaking off any excess marinade. Lightly oil the grill grates with vegetable oil. Sprinkle both sides of the pork liberally with salt and pepper, and grill until charred on both sides, 4 to 5 minutes per side for medium doneness. Transfer the pork a cutting board, and let it rest for 5 minutes. Reduce the grill heat to medium. Slice the pork across the grain into 18inchthick slices, and season lightly with salt and pepper.nBrush the outside of the Cuban loaf with the butter, and lay the loaf halves cutside up on a very long piece of aluminum foil. Mix the remaining tablespoon yellow mustard with the mayonnaise, and slather the mixture onto both pieces of bread. Layer the ham, pickles, pork and Swiss cheese on one half of the bread. Top with the other half, and wrap the sandwich up in the foil.nPut the sandwich on the grill, place a large baking sheet on top and weigh it down with a large castiron pan or 2 large cans of food. Grill for 5 minutes, remove the baking sheet and weight, flip the sandwich, weigh it down again and grill until the Swiss cheese has melted, about 5 minutes more.nUnwrap the sandwich, cut into 4 pieces and serve immediately.nCopyright 2014 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [One 1pound pork tenderloin, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates, 8 dill pickle slices cut lengthwise, plus 2 tablespoons pickle brine, 2 small cloves garlic, grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 14inch loaf Cuban bread or other long, soft bread, split lengthwise, 2 tablespoons salted butter, melted, 14 cup mayonnaise, 8 ounces thinly sliced deli ham, 4 ounces thinly sliced Swiss cheese], title: Grilled Cubano Sandwich, picturelink: 5ZxmZlZJSZPEJOA6qexPqz0LwLCCHG}, 15308: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 miniloaf pans 2 by 3 12 inches or a muffin tin, buttered and floured unless your pans are nonsticknCombine both kinds of seeds and 12 cup of the tea in a bowl. Let soak to absorb and soften while you prepare the other ingredients. Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt and set aside. Cream the butter until smooth in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer. Add the sugar and cream together until soft and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add the vanilla and mix.nWith the mixer running at low speed, add a third of the dry ingredients and mix. Then add half of the sour cream and mix. Add another third of the dry ingredients and mix. Add the remaining sour cream and mix. Add the remaining dry ingredients and mix until smooth. Add the seeds with their soaking liquid and mix until smooth. Pour into the pans and bake until firm in the center, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool in the pans.nTo make the glaze, whisk the remaining 14 cup of tea and the confectioners sugar in a bowl until smooth. When the cakes have cooled, turn them out onto a work surface. Give the glaze a stir. Dip the bottom the narrower side of each cake lightly into the glaze until coated. Turn over so the glazed side becomes the top and set aside to harden., ingredients: [14 cup poppy seeds, 2 tablespoons fennel seeds, 34 cup strong, freshly brewed Earl Grey tea, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cool unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup sour cream, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar], title: Sour Cream Seed Cake with Earl Grey Glaze, picturelink: null}, 15309: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a large bowl, toss new potatoes and garlic cloves with rosemary. Toss with olive oil to coat lightly and add salt and pepper to taste. Lightly oil a sheetpan and spread potatoes out into one layer, cut side down. Roast for 30 to 45 minutes or until golden brown and tender. Remove from oven and let cool for 20 minutes before removing with a spatula. Serve hot or cold., ingredients: [4 pounds new potatoes, scrubbed, halved, 2 heads garlic, cloves separated, 4 tablespoons rosemary, chopped, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and pepper to taste], title: RosemaryGarlic Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 15310: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil in large, heavybottomed stockpot over mediumlow heat. Once hot, add the leeks, garlic, and a pinch of salt and sweat until they begin to soften, approximately 7 to 8 minutes. Add the carrots, potatoes, and green beans and continue to cook for 4 to 5 more minutes, stirring occasionally.nAdd the stock, increase the heat to high, and bring to a simmer. Once simmering, add the tomatoes, corn kernels, and pepper. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and cook until the vegetables are fork tender, approximately 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from heat and add the parsley and lemon juice. Season, to taste, with kosher salt. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups chopped leeks, white part only from approximately 3 medium leeks, 2 tablespoons finely minced garlic, Kosher salt, 2 cups carrots, peeled and chopped into rounds approximately 2 medium, 2 cups peeled and diced potatoes, 2 cups fresh green beans, broken or cut into 34inch pieces, 2 quarts chicken or vegetable broth, 4 cups peeled, seeded, and chopped tomatoes, 2 ears corn, kernels removed, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup packed, chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 to 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Garden Vegetable Soup, picturelink: 7RDtOZjjUpipGGMo6PTT7FImIIFovi}, 15311: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Heat the vegetable oil in a pot to 350 degrees F.nSprinkle the chicken with the garlic, smoked paprika, cumin, onion powder, salt and pepper. Dredge the chicken in the flour, then the eggs and lastly the breadcrumbs. Working in batches, fry the chicken until golden brown, about 5 minutes. As they finish, place on a cookie sheet in the oven to keep warm.nFor the syrup, mix together the maple syrup, horseradish, apricot preserves, mustard and honey.nTo serve, drizzle syrup generously on a waffle half. Place a few chicken bites on top. Drizzle with more syrup and garnish with a touch of the hot sauce and a parsley leaf., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 to 3 chicken thighs, boneless and skinless, cubed, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons ground black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, beaten, 2 cups Japanese breadcrumbs panko, 1 12 cups maple syrup, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 3 tablespoons apricot preserves, 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard, 12 cup honey, 1 box Eggo Homestyle Waffles, toasted, Asian hot sauce, such as Sriracha, for garnish, Parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Chicken and Kelloggsu00ae Eggou00ae Waffle Appetizer Bites, picturelink: IezbhJ5VqfBcGbBgcDtYLJNZ58JeqhK}, 15312: {instructions: Pull back the husks from 4 ears of corn and remove the silk sprinkle with 1 teaspoon chili powder. Cover with the husks and grill, turning, about 20 minutes. Fold back the husks and spread with a mixture of 12 cup mayonnaise and 1 teaspoon chili powder. Sprinkle with grated cheddar and crumbled bacon.nPhotograph by Kate Sears, ingredients: [], title: TexMex Corn, picturelink: qkw5pK4X0Ux8wcYK3cERMvUX82qpAm}, 15313: {instructions: Melt butter in large saucepan. Add the garlic, tomato paste and water. Stir until tomato paste dissolves. Add the chopped chipotle peppers seeds removed, peppers and sauce to the pan. Stir to combine. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer for about 30 minutes.nStrain and set aside.nCaramelized Onions:nThinly slice the red onions. Melt butter in skillet and add garlic, onions and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook stirring occasionally until wilted. Add 1 cup Chipotle BBQ sauce simmer for 30 minutes.nBeef Patties:nCut the root ends off the scallions. Brush with olive oil and place on grill. Grill both sides until grill marks appear. Remove from the grill to a cutting board. Chop and set aside.nPlace ground beef in a bowl and add chopped scallions, about 1 tablespoon salt and 1 tablespoon ground pepper. Mix together and form into patties about 12inch thick.nWrap 1 slice applewood bacon around each patty and place on grill, about 5 to 6 minutes on each side for mediumwell. Top burgers with cheese the last minute of cooking. Place on platter, cover with foil and set aside.nHeat oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees F. Cut the onions into 14inch thick slices and place in large bowl. Put flour, cornmeal, and 2 tablespoons salt in another bowl. Whisk the eggs in a small bowl, add to the onions and stir to evenly coat. In batches, place the onions in flour mixture and toss until well coated.nFry in oil until golden brown and set aside on paper towels to drain. Sprinkle with salt.nAssemble burger:nToast kaiser rolls. Place 14 cup caramelized onions on bottom bun. Add burger patty and top with fried onion rings., ingredients: [12 stick butter, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 8 ounces tomato paste, 2 12 cups water, 1 small can chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, seeds removed and chopped, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons yellow mustard, 14 cup ketchup, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon paprika, 3 tablespoons molasses, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 cup black cherry preserves, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 4 large Spanish red onions, 12 stick butter, Minced garlic, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup Chipotle BBQ Sauce, 2 bunches scallions, for grilling, Olive oil, 1 pound lean ground chuck, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Applewood smoked bacon, 4 slices aged smoked Cheddar, Toasted Kaiser rolls, Oil, for frying, 2 large sweet Vidalia onions, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup blue cornmeal, Salt, 2 eggs], title: 3Way Onion Burger with Applewood Bacon and Aged Smoked Cheddar on Kaiser Roll, picturelink: null}, 15314: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the penne pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, about 10 minutes. In a skillet heat oil. Add garlic and saute for 10 seconds. Then add white wine, fish stock, crushed tomatoes, carrots, saffron and dried orange peel. Cover the skillet and simmer for 6 to 7 minutes or until carrots are tender. Add scallops and shrimp to the sauce. Then add snow peas and cook, uncovered for about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and stir in butter. Transfer penne to a large shallow serving dish and ladle scallops and sauce over penne., ingredients: [12 pound sea scallops, sliced into rounds, 12 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 cup fish stock, 1 cup clam juice, 14ounce can crushed tomatoes about 2 cups, 4 carrots, peeled and sliced, 14 to 12 teaspoon crumbled saffron, 14 teaspoon dried orange peel], title: Scallops and Penne Pasta in a Saffron Broth, picturelink: null}, 15315: {instructions: Spice up a drink with one of these tasty, colorful cubes.nTomatonCool down a Bloody Mary with tomato juice ice cubes. Add horseradish for extra kick.nHerbsnPreserve fresh herbs in ice. Plop mint cubes into a mojito or parsley into lemonade.nLemonHoneynAdd lemon juice and honey to water before freezing, then serve in iced tea.nColanChill a dark spirit like rum or bourbon with a cube of frozen cola.nCranberrynGive a tart twist to sparkling water or fruit juice with frozen cranberry juice.nCoffeenFreeze strong coffee to keep iced coffee cool without watering it down.nOlivenDrop a cube of frozen olive brine into a dry martini to make it dirty.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: Flavored Ice, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 15316: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange bacon slices in 2 jelly roll or shallow roasting pans, overlapping the lean edge of each slice with the fat edge of the next. Evenly sprinkle pepper over bacon slices. Place pans on 2 oven racks and bake 25 minutes, switching pans between upper and lower racks halfway through the baking, or until bacon is golden brown and crisp. Transfer bacon to paper towels to drain keep warm., ingredients: [1 12 pounds sliced lean bacon, 2 12 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper], title: Oven Baked Pepper Bacon, picturelink: null}, 15317: {instructions: Heat a medium pot over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, and half of the finely chopped onion. Saute 3 minutes, then season with 2 teaspoons cumin, eyeball the measurement in the palm of your hand, and the thyme leaves. Pour in 2 12 cups of chicken stock and raise heat to bring to a boil. Add rice and lower heat to simmer when boil resumes. Cover pot tightly. After 12 minutes, stir in black beans and replace cover. Cook another 6 to 7 minutes. Turn off rice and beans, season with salt and stir to combine then let stand until ready to serve. While rice cooks, make plantains with shrimp and the meat.nPreheat a grill pan over high heat. The meat can also be prepared in a hot, large cast iron or nonstick skillet if you do not have a grill pan.nPlace flank steak in a shallow dish and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil to coat u00bf about 2 tablespoons. Mix grill seasoning with 1 tablespoon cumin, eyeball the measurement in your palm. Add the zest of 1 lime to the grill seasoning and cumin. Rub the mixture over the steak evenly. Wash up and cut lime into wedges and reserve. Place the steak on hot grill or in hot pan and cook 4 to 5 minutes, turn and cook 3 minutes longer. Remove from heat and let juices redistribute 5 minutes.nSlit the skins of the plantains from end to end to vent them for microwave cooking. Wrap them each in wax paper, twisting up paper at ends. Microwave the plantains 4 to 5 minutes together or 90 seconds each individually on high.nWhile plantains and steak cook, place a medium nonstick skillet on the heat over a high flame. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil and the sliced onions. Sear the onions up and heat through, but leave a bite to them. Place on a platter and cover with foil to reserve heat. Return pan to stove and reduce heat to between medium high and medium. Add 2 tablespoons extra, 2 turns of the pan, and the remaining finely chopped onion, the bell pepper, garlic and shrimp. Season with salt and pepper and add the zest of 1 lemon. Cook until shrimp are firm and peppers begin to soften, 4 minutes or so. Add the juice of 12 lemon, the tomato sauce and parsley. Turn off heat.nPeel and mash the steaming hot plantains with remaining 12 cup chicken stock and a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil. Season the plantains with salt and pile on platter or dinner plates then top with garlicky shrimp and tomatoes. Very thinly slice the cooked steak on an angle, working against the grain. Squeeze lime juice over the meat and arrange over the cooked sliced onions on serving platter. Fluff up rice and black beans a bit, transfer them to a bowl and pass at table., ingredients: [6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, plus a little to drizzle, 2 medium yellow skinned onions, 1 finely chopped, divided, 1 thinly sliced, 3 cups chicken stock, divided, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons ground cumin, divided, 3 tablespoons fresh thyme, 5 or 6 sprigs, chopped, 1 12 cups white rice, 1 14ounce can black beans, 2 pounds flank steak, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning blend  recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, 1 lime, 3 green plantains they like green bananas and are available in produce department, Waxed paper, 1 small green bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, cracked away from skin and finely chopped, 1 pound small shrimp, peeled, deveined and coarsely chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 lemon, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 3 tablespoons finely chopped parsley leaves, Hot sauce recommended: Tabasco], title: Cuban Via Miami Feast: Mashed Plantains with Oh, Baby GarlicTomato Shrimp on Top, Grilled Flank Steak with Lime and Onions, Quick Rice with Black Beans, picturelink: null}, 15318: {instructions: SPLIT and toast English muffin. Spread peanut spread on both sides of muffin. Spread or squeeze fruit spread over peanut butter.nTOP with banana slices. Drizzle with warmed fudge topping to taste. Sprinkle with coconut, if desired., ingredients: [1 wholewheat or multigrain English muffin, 2 tbsps. Jifu00ae Creamy Reduced Fat Peanut Spread, 2 tbsps. Smuckersu00ae Strawberry Low Sugar Preserves or Smuckersu00ae Squeeze Strawberry Reduced Sugar Fruit Spread, 8 banana slices, Smuckersu00ae Hot Fudge Sugar Free Ice Cream Topping, heated according to package directions, Flaked or shredded coconut optional], title: Peanut Butter and Jelly Pizza, picturelink: OQjL2nyfaMvuOEHUqabuIFvXxJobke}, 15319: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPat the brisket cubes dry with paper towels. Heat the oil in a very large heavybottomed pot and quickly brown the meat, in batches, on all sides. Transfer the brisket to a separate bowl and set aside. Saute the onion and garlic in the same oil over medium heat until limp, but not brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the chili powder, pepper flakes, cayenne pepper and cumin and saute for 1 minute. Add the green peppers, bay leaf, tomatoes with their juice, the reserved meat, 1 tablespoon of salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, cover the pot with a tight fitting lid and simmer for 2 12 hours, stirring occasionally. Taste and season with salt, to taste. Add the coffee, cover the pot and simmer for 1 more hour.nAdd the kidney beans and basil, and warm through. Transfer the chili to a large serving bowl and serve with sour cream, grated Cheddar, diced tomato, tortilla chips and guacamole., ingredients: [5 pounds beef brisket, cut in 1inch cubes, 14 cup olive oil, 2 cups chopped yellow onions, 6 large garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, crushed, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 green peppers, seeded and diced, 1 bay leaf, 6 cups tomatoes, chopped with their liquid, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup strong coffee, Two 15ounce cans kidney beans, 2 tablespoons chopped basil leaves, Sour cream, Grated Cheddar, Diced tomato, Tortilla chips, Guacamole see recipe], title: Devons AwardWinning Chili, picturelink: odYJpE0Z2t9I2rLjTMituMxEHTzrwO}, 15320: {instructions: Pour 1 12 cups pomegranate juice into an ice cube tray and freeze overnight.nIn a large bowl, mix the remaining 4 cups pomegranate juice, the pineapple juice, ginger ale, seltzer and pisco. Add the pomegranate ice cubes and serve in your favorite punch bowl.nWhat Makes This Recipe Really Sing: Dont you just love when you go to a party and there is a specialty cocktail For some reason it always makes me happy. This makes enough for a large crowd, this way everyone gets one or two and you dont have to work during the party. Pisco trivia also makes for great Did ya know .... conversation starters.nBYOC: Feel free to throw in some pomegranate seeds on top. They will look like little jewels floating in your punch bowl. If you dont have a punch bowl and are serving this out of a pitcher you can garnish your glasses with pineapple slices. If you cant find pisco you can always use light rum., ingredients: [1 12 cups plus 4 cups pomegranate juice, 1 46ounce can unsweetened pineapple juice, chilled, 2 cups ginger ale, chilled, 2 cups seltzer, chilled, 2 cups pisco, chilled], title: Peruvian Pomegranate Pineapple Party Punch P to the 5th PUNCH, picturelink: CUHsYcXsA3Zq9cAwqUeiRgelRtABgjm}, 15321: {instructions: Add 1 shot of rum and 2 tablespoons of Caramel Sauce to bottom of 4 heatproof glass mugs. Divide the coffee evenly between the mugs and top with a large dollop of whipped cream.nIn a medium saucepot combine sugar, 3 tablespoons water, and lemon juice. Heat over mediumhigh heat. When sugar turns amber in color carefully and slowly whisk in heavy cream. Remove from heat and let cool. Place in airtight container and store in refrigerator for up to 3 weeks.nIn a small bowl whisk together 2 tablespoons water with the cornstarch. In a small pot over medium heat reserved peach juice, cornstarch mixture, brown sugar and salt. Once the sauce thickens, about 5 minutes, stir in the chopped peaches.nIn a chilled mixing bowl whip heavy cream with confectioners sugar until soft peaks form. Use 1 cup for mug pies, and reserve the rest for another use.nBegin assembling peach pies by in clear glass mugs. Place a layer of graham crackers at the bottom, then a big spoonful of the peach pie filling. Sprinkle with another layer of graham crackers. Top with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, then another layer of graham crackers followed by a dollop of whipped cream., ingredients: [4 shots dark rum, 4 cups hot coffee, 12 cup Caramel Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup whipped cream, from Peach Mug Pie, recipe follows, 34 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 15ounce can peach halves, juice reserved and peaches chopped, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 pinch salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 4 graham crackers, crumbled, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, softened], title: Caramel Coffee Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 15322: {instructions: For the pasta: Sift together the flour, cocoa and sugar. Add a pinch salt and mound the flour mixture in a large bowl or on a clean work surface. Hollow out the center, making a well in the middle of the flour with steep sides. Break the eggs into the well. Add the chocolate syrup and vanilla. Gently mix together with a fork. Gradually start incorporating the flour by pulling in the flour from the sides of the well. As you incorporate more of the flour, the dough will start to take shape. Once it gets thick, you can use a spatula to incorporate the rest of the flour.nIf the dough is too dry, add a little water. If the dough is too wet or sticky, add a little flour. Once the dough comes together, knead the dough on a clean work surface until it becomes smooth, about 8 minutes. Shape into a disc, cover with plastic wrap and let rest in the fridge, 20 to 30 minutes.nDivide your rested dough into quarters and work with one piece at a time, covering your other pieces to keep them moist. Flour each piece lightly, shape it into a rectangular shape and put it through a pasta sheeter attachment, starting at the widest setting. Run the dough once through the largest setting, fold it into thirds and run it through one more time. Then run the pasta through the sheeting attachment once on every number, stopping at 5 or 6, depending on how thick you would like it. Lightly flour the rolled out pasta sheet and fold in half. Take your chef knife and cut ribbons about a 12inch thick, then unravel the pasta ribbons and place on a floured baking sheet to keep from sticking.nFor the sauce: Bring the heavy cream to a simmer in a heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat and stir in the chocolatehazelnut spread. Add a pinch salt and continue whisking until the sauce is creamy. Remove from the heat and reserve.nCook the chocolate pasta in a large pot of boiling water, 3 minutes. Immediately remove the pasta from the water and toss gently with the sauce and a little of the pasta cooking water to help with the consistency.nMound the pasta and sauce on dessert plates and garnish with the fresh berries, a dollop of creme fraiche, white chocolate shavings and skinless toasted chopped hazelnuts, to garnish., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more if needed, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, preferably Dutchprocessed, 14 cup powdered sugar, Pinch salt, 3 large eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon chocolate syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup chocolate hazelnut spread, such as Nutella, 1 pinch salt, 2 pints raspberries, for garnish, Creme fraiche, for garnish, White chocolate shavings, for garnish, Chopped skinless, toasted hazelnuts, for garnish], title: Chocolate Pasta with Chocolate Hazelnut Cream Sauce, White Chocolate Shavings and Fresh Berries, picturelink: f9Iwi5Ll5cAD8mxCzJkqZrzL9gccrk2}, 15323: {instructions: Thinly slice as much of lemon grass stalks as possible, discarding dried thin upper portion. In a saucepan simmer water with lemon grass, covered, 5 minutes. Add mint and simmer, uncovered, 1 minute. Remove pan from heat and add sugar, stirring until dissolved. In a blender puree mixture and strain through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on solids. Chill syrup, covered, until cold and freeze in an icecream maker. Sorbet may be made 1 week ahead., ingredients: [3 stalks fresh lemon grass, outer leaves discarded and root ends trimmed, 3 cups water, 34 cup fresh mint leaves, washed well and spun dry, 34 cup sugar], title: Minted Lemon Grass Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 15324: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente.nAdd the olive oil to a large highsided skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and garlic and saute until tender and fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the red pepper flakes, salt and pepper. Add the white wine and the crushed tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper and bring to a simmer. Add the shrimp and scallops, cover, and gently simmer for 5 minutes.nDrain the pasta and add directly to the skillet and toss with the pasta and seafood. Serve sprinkled with chopped parsley and grated Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large shallot, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, Pinch red pepper flakes, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup dry white wine, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 pound dry sea scallops, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 pound linguini, Grated Parmesan, for serving], title: Ginas Seafood Passion Pasta, picturelink: I59Reg9pwgi9KnW0iT7TFmolpACjk7G}, 15325: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, lemon zest, paprika, celery seeds, salt, pepper, and cayenne. Season the chicken with additional salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the chicken on the prepared baking sheet. Slather the mayonnaise mixture over the chicken. Bake until the juices run clear when the chicken is pricked with a fork, about 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a serving platter and serve hot., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 2 lemons, zest finely grated, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, 1 teaspoon salt, plus additional for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus additional for seasoning, Pinch cayenne pepper, 4 8ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts], title: Roasted Spicy Mayonnaise Chicken Breasts, picturelink: SOEy6VnyTQAl9ta3H01zk.sj6qbQAgC}, 15326: {instructions: In a large bowl toss together the cake scraps, simple syrup, and liquor to moisten the cake.nIn a trifle bowl or individual glass stemware, layer the ingredients in the following order: cake, Vanilla Pastry Cream, Brown Sugar Whipped Cream, nuts and strawberries, repeating until the container is full, ending with whipped cream as the top layer. Cover tightly with plastic wrap. Can be made a day in advance up to this point and is actually better if allowed to sit over night. Decorate with more fruit and finely chopped nuts, or rosettes of whipped cream and strawberries.nBring the milk and vanilla bean to a boil in a medium sauce pan over medium heat and set aside to infuse for 10 to 15 minutes. Whisk the egg yolks and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Add the cornstarch and whisk vigorously until no lumps remain. Whisk 14 cup of the hot milk mixture into the yolks until incorporated. Whisk in the remaining hot milk mixture. Pour the mixture through a strainer back into the saucepan. Cook over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and slowly boiling. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter. Let cool slightly. Cover with plastic wrap, lightly pressing the plastic against the surface to prevent a skin from forming. Chill at least two hours. The pastry cream can be made up to 24 hours in advance. Refrigerate until 1 hour before using.nWhip the cream and brown sugar until stiff., ingredients: [6 cups pound cake scraps and crumbs, 1 cup simple syrup 2 parts water, 1 part sugar brought to a boil and allowed to cool to room temperature, 14 cup sherry or orange flavored liqueur, Vanilla Pastry Cream, recipe follows, Brown Sugar Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 12 cup nuts ground with 12 cup sugar, 2 pints strawberries, cut up tossed with 14 of cup sugar, 2 cups whole, 2, or 1 fat milk, 12 vanilla bean split lengthwise, 6 egg yolks, 23 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 cups chilled heavy cream, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar], title: English Trifle, picturelink: TIJz8swsskuakwWgR.Vi5F7IIEbtplG}, 15327: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Put the rib roast in a large roasting pan and set aside.nPut the olive oil, rosemary, sage, thyme, salt, pepper and garlic in a food processor and pulse until everything is combined but there are still some chunks of herbs. Rub the mixture all over the roast.nRoast for 20 minutes, then lower the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. Roast until the internal temperature registers 130 degrees F for medium rare, about 2 hours. Let rest for 10 to 15 minutes, then slice into 12 to 1inch pieces., ingredients: [One 15pound boneless rib roast, 1 cup olive oil, 14 cup fresh rosemary leaves, 14 cup packed fresh sage leaves, 14 cup fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 5 cloves garlic, pressed], title: HerbRoasted Prime Rib, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 15328: {instructions: In a largesize serving bowl, combine all ingredients except oil and vinegar. Cover and chill until ready to serve. To serve, toss salad with oil and vinegar to taste., ingredients: [6 cups roughly chopped iceberg lettuce, 3 to 4 medium ripe tomatoes, quartered, 1 large green bell pepper, cut in strips, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded, and cut in strips, 34 cup crumbled feta cheese, 12 cup celery, chopped, 13 cup kalamata olives, Olive oil, Red wine vinegar], title: Olympia Dukakis Greek Salad, picturelink: null}, 15329: {instructions: To make the cabbage filling: Cut the cabbage into quarters. Steam until very tender, about 20 to 30 minutes drain and cool. Working in small batches, wrap cooled cabbage in a towel, and squeeze out as much liquid as possible. Chop the squeezed cabbage finely in a food processor or grind it in a meat grinder. Transfer it to a large mixing bowl, add the softened cream cheese, 4 tablespoons of the melted butter, and salt and pepper, to taste mix until combined. The filling can be made 1 day ahead if its kept tightly covered and refrigerated. In a medium bowl, whisk the egg. Add the sour cream, and whisk until smooth. Add the milk and water, and whisk until combined. Slowly add about 3 cups of flour, and stir to combine with a wooden spoon. Turn dough out onto a floured surface, and work in about 1 cup flour as you knead. Use a plastic scraper to lift the dough, which will stick to the counter before the flour is worked into it. Continue kneading for about 8 to 10 minutes, working in another 12 cup flour. The dough should be elastic in texture and no longer sticky. Be careful not to add too much flour, as this will toughen the dough. Place dough in a lightly floured bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let rest. Sprinkle cornmeal on a sheet pan. On a floured surface, roll out dough to about 18inch thickness. Using a glass or a cookie cutter measuring 2 12 inches in diameter, cut out as many circles as possible. Gather scraps together, reroll, and continue cutting. Place circles on sheet pan sprinkled with cornmeal. Form filling into 1 12inch balls, and place a ball in the center of each dough circle. Holding a circle in your hand, fold dough over filling and pinch the edges, forming a wellsealed crescent. Transfer to linen towel. Continue this process until all dough circles are filled. Place pierogi in the boiling water in batches. They will sink to the bottom of the pot, and then rise to the top. Once they rise, let them cook for about 1 more minute. Meanwhile, drizzle platter with remaining 4 tablespoons melted butter. Remove pierogi from pot and transfer to platter to prevent sticking. Serve immediately., ingredients: [10 pounds green cabbage, trimmed and cored, 2 eightounce packages cream cheese, room temperature, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 egg, 2 heaping tablespoons sour cream, 1 cup milk, 1 cup water, 4 12 to 5 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons cornmeal], title: Cabbage Pierogi, picturelink: null}, 15330: {instructions: Brush peaches with oil and place on the grill, cutside down. Grill until golden brown, about 1 12 minutes. Turn the peaches over and grill another 45 seconds. Remove the peaches to a plate and place a tablespoon of creme fraiche in the indentation of each peach. Drizzle with the molasses., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for brushing, 8 peaches, halved and pitted, 8 ounces creme fraiche, 14 cup molasses], title: Grilled Peaches with Creme Fraiche and Molasses, picturelink: null}, 15331: {instructions: Julienne potatoes finely on a mandoline. Heat a nonstick skillet to medium heat coated with a little oil and butter. Drop the julienned strands into pan and season with salt and pepper. Cook until starting to brown. Remove from pan and cut out circles with a 2inch by 2 12inch high ring mold. Once you have 8 pieces return to skillet to crisp.nIn a bowl combine the diced hard cooked egg yolks, whites and diced smoked salmon with the chives and onion and 2 ounces of the Green Apple Froth.nCook scrambled eggs to a soft consistency and add cream cheese just to melt.nPlace ring molds in the center of a 10inch plate. Place 1 potato galette in each ring mold. Place 18 of scrambled eggs on top of potato galette to form a cone. Wrap the soft scrambled eggs with 1 piece of smoked salmon. Spoon the beet reduction one half of the plate. Froth the Green Apple Froth with a hand held mixer. Once it is aerated and bubbles form on top, spoon out the Green Apple Froth on the other half of the plate.nReduce the apple juice by twothirds with the ginger and thyme. Strain through a chinois and allow to cool. Combine with the other ingredients with the use of a handheld mixer., ingredients: [2 Idaho potatoes, for galettes, 2 eggs, hard boiled, separated, yolks grated, whites diced small, 1 cup smoked salmon, diced, 2 tablespoons chives, brunoise, 2 tablespoons red onion, brunoise, Green Apple Froth, recipe follows, 8 eggs, scrambled, 14 cup cream cheese, 8 slices smoked salmon, Beet reduction, 2 cups green apple juice, 1 tablespoons ginger grated, 12 cup yogurt, 3 ounces buttermilk, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 sprig thyme, 2 ounces grape seed oil], title: House Smoked Salmon Layered with Potatoes, Chives, Eggs and a Green Apple Froth, picturelink: null}, 15332: {instructions: PREHEAT oven to 425. Bake Butterfly Shrimp according to package instructions. Remove from oven. Turn oven up to broil.nSPOON apricot preserves about 12 teaspoon onto each shrimp. Top with Gorgonzola crumbles about 12 teaspoon.nPLACE shrimp under broiler for 12 minutes watching closely., ingredients: [1 9 oz package SeaPaku00ae Jumbo Butterfly Shrimp or 1 package 8 oz SeaPaku00ae Butterfly Shrimp, Apricot preserves, Gorgonzola crumbles], title: Gorganzola Shrimp Bites, picturelink: null}, 15333: {instructions: HEAT greased grill to mediumhigh heat.nGRILL chicken 10 min. on each side or until done 170F, turning and brushing occasionally with barbecue sauce. Cut into strips.nCOVER plate with greens top with berries, onions and chicken.nTOP with dressing., ingredients: [4 small boneless skinless chicken breast halves, 1 lb. 12 cup KRAFT Original Barbecue Sauce, 1 pkg. 10 oz. mixed salad greens, 2 cups fresh strawberries, cut in half, 12 cup sliced red onions, 12 cup KRAFT Light Ranch Dressing], title: BBQ Chicken and Fresh Strawberry Salad, picturelink: klf4yQGxyDtuIiBKU5YqwzLlUuaSBti}, 15334: {instructions: Put the garlic into the food processor and begin pureeing. Add in the parsley followed by the cilantro and then the almonds. Pulse to chop. Add the oil, salt, lemon juice and some pepper and blend well. Serve as a dipping sauce with chips or bread., ingredients: [6 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 bunch fresh parsley, stemmed, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, stemmed, 2 tablespoons almonds, toasted, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 14 teaspoon herbal salt, Juice of 12 lemon, Freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestions: Chips or bread], title: Cilantro Pesto, picturelink: null}, 15335: {instructions: 1. COAT grill grate or broiler pan with nostick cooking spray. Heat grill or broiler.n2. TOSS tomatoes with basil, salt, pepper, vinegar and oil in medium bowl. Let stand 10 minutes to blend flavors.n3. SPRAY both sides of bread slices with nostick cooking spray. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill about 5 minutes, turning once, or just until bread is lightly browned and crisp.n4. TOP with tomato mixture. Garnish with fresh basil leaves, if desired., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 4 to 6 ripe plum tomatoes, cored, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon cider or balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons Criscou00ae Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 12 thin slices Italian or French bread, Salt and pepper, Fresh basil leaves for garnish optional], title: Grilled Tomato and Basil Bruschetta, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 15336: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, melt margarine. Remove from heat and stir in cocoa, sugar and salt until they dissolve. Stir in evaporated milk and syrup until well combined. Stir in cornstarch mixture. Return to heat and bring to a boil. Cool sauce and stir in vanilla. Serve warm over ice cream. Can be refrigerated and warmed for future use., ingredients: [6 tablespoons margarine, 12 cup baking cocoa, unsweetened, 2 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 can evaporated milk, 14 cup light corn syrup, 1 12 teaspoon cornstarch, mixed with 1 12 teaspoons water, 2 teaspoons vanilla], title: The Kelleys Hot Fudge Sauce, picturelink: null}, 15337: {instructions: For the Fritters: In a small bowl combine the ricotta, smoked mozzarella, salt, and pepper. In another bowl pour the panko. In a third bowl lightly beat the eggs. Put the flour in a fourth bowl. Line a tray with parchment paper.nScoop a 1 12 tablespoon ball of the cheese mixture into the flour and roll to coat. Transfer the ball to the eggs and roll to coat. Transfer the cheese ball to the panko and again roll to coat. Transfer the ball to the parchmentlined tray. Continue with the remaining cheese mixture.nMeanwhile heat 3 inches of vegetable oil in a large skillet to 350 degrees F. Fry fritters in batches, being careful not to overcrowd the pan, until golden, about 1 to 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to paper towel to drain. Sprinkle with thyme. Serve warm with Balsamic Dipping Sauce.nFor the Balsamic Dipping Sauce: Combine the vinegar, lemon juice, mustard, and honey in a blender. Blend until combined. Add the oil in a steady stream while the machine is running. Season with the salt and pepper. Serve in a small bowl alongside the fritters., ingredients: [Fritters:, Balsamic Dipping Sauce:], title: Smoked Mozzarella and Ricotta Fritters, picturelink: eTk863Qaz1uEJ4Icf1MEPeqKT.s00hy}, 15338: {instructions: Make the pork: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Tie the pork with kitchen twine at 1inch intervals so it keeps its shape. Combine 2 tablespoons olive oil, the zest and juice of 1 blood orange, the garlic, rosemary, coriander, 1 14 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small bowl. Rub all over the pork. Set a rack in a large roasting pan put the pork on the rack and let stand at room temperature, 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, quarter the remaining 3 blood oranges do not peel. Transfer to a rimmed baking sheet along with the red onions. Drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nRoast the pork on the lower oven rack until golden brown and a thermometer inserted into the center registers 145 degrees F, about 1 hour 10 minutes. About halfway through, roast the oranges and onions on the upper oven rack until softened and just starting to char, 25 to 30 minutes set aside until ready to serve. Remove the pork from the oven and let rest 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the mostarda: Combine the blood orange juice, wine, 1 cup water, the raisins, sugar, honey, mustard seeds, rosemary and 1 tablespoon mustard in a medium saucepan bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until thick and syrupy, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove the rosemary sprig and stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon mustard and the vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside until ready to serve. The mostarda can be made up to 4 hours ahead reheat before serving.nUntie the pork and slice transfer to a platter along with the roasted oranges and onions. Serve with the mostarda., ingredients: [1 3 12 to 4pound centercut boneless pork loin, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 blood oranges, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 red onions, quartered, Juice of 4 blood oranges about 1 12 cups, 1 cup dry white wine, 12 cup golden raisins, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup honey, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 sprig rosemary, 2 tablespoons dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Roast Pork Loin with Blood Orange Mostarda, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 15339: {instructions: Roll the dough into a round 18inch thick on a floured surface and fit it into a 10inch tart pan with a removable fluted rim. Prick the bottom of the shell lightly and chill the shell for 1 hour. Line the shell with wax paper, fill the paper with the rice, and bake the shell in the lower third of a preheated 400 degrees oven for 15 minutes. Remove the rice and paper carefully and bake the shell for 5 minutes more, or until it is golden.nIn a large skillet cook the onion in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened, add the morels and fresh cultivated mushrooms, and cook the mixture, stirring, until the liquid the mushrooms give off is evaporated. Add the Madeira, the thyme, and cook the mixture, stirring, until the liquid is evaporated. Add the cream cheese and salt and pepper to taste, cook the mixture, stirring, until the cream cheese is melted, and let it cool. Stir the eggs and the milk and pour the mixture into the tart shell. Arrange the enokidake decoratively along the edge of the tart, brush them with the lemon juice, and bake the tart in a preheated 350 degrees oven for 3045 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean. Let the tart cool in the pan on a rack for 10 minutes and remove the rim carefully. Transfer the tart to a platter and garnish it with the chives., ingredients: [Raw rice for weighting the shell, 12 cup Sercial Madeira, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound morel mushrooms, chopped fine, 12 pound cultured mushrooms, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, crumbled, 4 ounces cream cheese, 2 large eggs, beaten lightly, 12 cup of milk, 12 package enokidake mushrooms available at some markets and specialty produce markets, the bottom 12inch cut off and discarded, for garnish, Fresh lemon juice for brushing the enokidake mushrooms, Chives or scallions greens cut into long julienne strips for garnish], title: Morel Tart, picturelink: null}, 15340: {}, 15341: {instructions: In a large saucepan, melt 6 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat. Add the shallot, carrot, and celery, and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Sift the flour over the vegetables, and cook the mixture, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until it lightens in color, about 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk and bring to a boil. Add the parsley, thyme, and bay leaf. Reduce the heat to low, and simmer, whisking occasionally, until the sauce is thickened, about 30 minutes. Strain and season with 12 teaspoon of the salt, nutmeg, and pepper to taste. Place plastic wrap on the surface of the sauce and set aside until ready to assemble the lasagna. The sauce can be made a day ahead and refrigerated. Reheat before assembling the lasagna. nMeanwhile, cook the noodles. Bring a large pot of water to a boil, season generously with salt, and boil the lasagna noodles according to package instructions. Drain. Spread the noodles out and layer between pieces of plastic wrap. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an ovenproof 9 x 13inch casserole dish.nCover the bottom of the pan with a layer of noodles. Cover with 1 12 cups of the meat sauce, 1 cup of the white sauce and 3 tablespoons of the cheese. Repeat to make 3 more layers ending with the remaining meat sauce, white sauce, and cheese. Dot the top with the remaining tablespoon of butter. Bake until bubbly and hot, about 45 to 50 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside for 10 minutes to firm up before serving.nIn a large soup pot or Dutch oven, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the pepper flakes and cook for 15 seconds. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in the tomato paste and cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes one at a time, crushing them by hand as you go. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste. Simmer the sauce over low heat, covered.nMeanwhile, heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef, pork, veal, savory, thyme, oregano, and fennel seeds. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and pepper. Break up the meat with a wooden spoon, and cook until it loses its raw color, about 7 minutes. Add the meat to the sauce, holding back any excess fat. Add the rind of the Parmesan, if using. Simmer the sauce, covered, over low heat, for 1 12 hours. If the sauce gets too thick, adjust the consistency with water. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Just before serving, remove the Parmesan rind and add the grated cheese., ingredients: [6 cups whole milk, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for casserole dish, 1 shallot, chopped, 3 sprigs flat leaf parsley, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 12 small carrot, chopped, 12 celery stalk, chopped, 12 dry bay leaf, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, or half Pecorino and Parmesan, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 1 pound dry lasagna noodles, 5 12 cups Meat and Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, 1 large onion, diced, 6 cloves garlic, 14 cup Italian tomato paste, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Four 28ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, with liquid, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound ground beef, 12 pound ground veal, 12 pound ground pork, 1 tablespoon dried savory or rosemary, crumbled into small pieces, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, cracked, Rind of Parmesan, about 2 to 4inches long optional, 2 bay leaves, 12 to 1 cup grated Parmesan], title: Lasagna Bolognese, picturelink: null}, 15342: {instructions: Heat oil in medium heavy saucepan over low heat. Add rice and salt and cook, stirring constantly, until beginning to color, about 5 minutes. Add the onion and continue to cook until onion softens slightly. Add water, stir, cover, and cook over lowest possible heat 2025 minutes until rice is almost done. Stir in the peas, turn off the heat, and let sit covered five minutes. Fluff with a fork and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup raw basmati rice, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 large sweet onion, chopped, 2 cups water, 1 cup frozen baby peas, or fresh peas blanched 3 minutes in boiling water], title: White Rice with Green Peas, picturelink: null}, 15343: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine 12 tablespoon teriyaki seasoning and 2 tablespoons canola oil. Place the mushroom caps onto a baking sheet and brush them with the oil mixture. Bake until they soften, about 15 minutes.nWhile the mushrooms are baking, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons canola oil in a large skillet or wok over mediumhigh heat. Add the chopped mushroom stems, scallion, ginger, and garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Add the ground pork and cook until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Stir in the soy sauce and the remaining teriyaki seasoning. Add the rice and cook until heated through.nStuff the mushroom caps with the rice mixture. Transfer to a platter, garnish with cilantro, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon teriyaki seasoning, divided, 14 cup canola oil, divided, 1 14ounce package button mushrooms, stems removed and chopped, 1 scallion, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped ginger, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 pound ground pork, 3 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 12 cups cooked white rice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Ginger Rice Stuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: oaNKLRTodMnUJZeBtmWPxTeAhQbPM9O}, 15344: {instructions: Transfer one can of crushed pineapple with its syrup to a metal pan and freeze this will be for kids.nMix the other can with rum and freeze in a separate metal container.nWhen frozen solid, cut into large chunks in a food processor or chop up with a chefs knife. Transfer frozen pineapple chunks to wine goblets and garnish with sliced fruit or top with granola for crunch., ingredients: [2 cans 15 ounces each crushed pineapple in syrup, 14 cup white rum, Tequila or Campari, Sliced seasonal fresh fruit, like strawberries, for topping or granola cereal as topping], title: Pineapple Granite, picturelink: null}, 15345: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper. We prefer the silicone for the crispy edges and caramelization that occurs with these cookies.nLightly whisk the egg and egg white in a medium bowl until a bit frothy. Whisk in the rum and vanilla. Using a rubber spatula, fold in the coconut.nUsing about 2 tablespoons per macaroon, mound the mixture on the baking sheet, leaving some space in between each one. Bake until the edges are golden and crispy, about 10 minutes. Cool, then use a small offset spatula to remove them from the baking sheet. The macaroons will keep in an airtight container for 5 days.nPhoto by Scott Suchman, ingredients: [1 large egg, 1 large egg white, 1 12 teaspoons dark rum, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt, 2 14 cups desiccated coconut], title: Coconut Macaroons, picturelink: iqp2Fl.Q7AgNEKQQYD9XGUWd2b0HSXG}, 15346: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dough and filling: Lightly butter two 8inch round baking pans.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough to a 15 by 7inch rectangle. In a small bowl, combine the brown sugar and cinnamon set aside. Spread the softened butter over the dough. Sprinkle the dough evenly with the cinnamonsugar mixture. Starting at the long edge, roll up the dough as for a jelly roll. Pinch the seam to seal. Cut the rolled dough into 16 slices and divide the slices between the prepared baking pans. Set aside in a warm place and allow the dough to rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bake until golden on top, about 15 minutes. Promptly invert the baking pan over a wire rack and lift the pan from the buns. Scoop any filling that has remained in the pans over the buns. Allow the buns to cool slightly, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, for the icing: In a medium bowl, beat the butter, sugar, cream cheese and vanilla with an electric mixer until fluffy. Spread the icing over the rolls. Serve warm., ingredients: [23 stick 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing, Allpurpose flour, for dusting surface, 1 loaf frozen white bread dough, thawed overnight in refrigerator, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup powdered sugar, 13 cup cream cheese, softened, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Cinnamon Buns, picturelink: tLQCGYgtyISqoSH35GUMD4UZNnqofW6}, 15347: {instructions: Fill a large saucepan with water, and bring to a boil. Add a handful of salt. Meanwhile, trim the ends off green beans, discarding any that are discolored or damaged. Add to the boiling water, and blanch for 2 to 3 minutes or until crisp tender. Drain the green beans. Immediately submerge in ice water to chill and to retain their bright color.nAlternatively, place the green beans in a colander. Place the colander on top of boiling potatoes to steam until tender, occasionally turning to cook evenly, about 3 to 4 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound French green beans haricots verts, Kosher Salt], title: French Green Beans, picturelink: null}, 15348: {instructions: To make the stock:nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Roast the duck carcasses and oxtail in a large roasting pan or two until theyre caramelized. Let cool. If possible, chop the carcasses and oxtail into smaller pieces. Put them in a large soup pot. Set the roasting pan over medium heat and deglaze the pan drippings with the wine, stirring to dissolve the stuck on juices. Add the wine to the soup pot. Cover the bones with water and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and add the onion, carrot, celery, leeks, parsley, thyme, juniper berries, peppercorns, and foie gras scraps, if using. Skim the grease off the top often and let cook and reduce for at least 3 hours and up to 6 hours. Remove from the heat, strain, and let cool.nTo make the raft:nGrind all the raft ingredients in a food processor and whisk this mixture into the cold stock. Slowly, bring this mixture to a boil, reduce the heat, and cook for 1 hour. It is important to let the soup filter through the raft until its clear. You can make a hole in the center of the raft to ensure that the soup doesnt overheat and begin breaking the raft. When the soup is clear below the raft, begin siphoning off the consomme and strain through a coffee filter. Cool the consomme immediately and refrigerate until ready to use.nTo make the foie gras flan:nIn a medium pot bring the chicken stock to a boil. Add the foie gras and bring to a boil again. Put in a blender and blend well. Strain through a fine chinois. Measure the mixture, rinse the blender and return the mixture back to the blender. Add the eggs, using 6 or 7 eggs for every liter of foie gras mixture. Add the port and sauternebased aperitif wine and pulse in the blender until the mixture is a creamy color. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl and set in a hot water bath for 10 minutes. Heat the oven to 275 degrees F. Butter six 2ounce aluminum ramekins. Skim off the foam from the flan mixture until a shiny surface appears and pour the mixture into the buttered ramekins. Set the ramekins in a roasting pan filled with hot water and cook for 25 minutes, or until a knife comes out clean.nTo make the smoked duck:nLine a large roasting pan with foil and put the drained wood chips in the pan. Set the pan over high heat until the wood chips heavily smoke. Turn off the heat and place a rack over the chips. Set the duck breasts skin side down on the rack. Cover tightly with aluminum foil and let smoke for 25 to 30 minutes. Season the duck breasts with salt and pepper. Put a skillet over medium heat and set the breasts skin side down in the pan. Cook until all the fat is rendered out. Transfer the breasts to a plate.nTo serve:nUnmold the foie gras flan in the middle of a bowl. Slice the duck breasts very thinly on the bias and arrange around the flan. Pour hot consomme in a bowl tableside., ingredients: [3 duck carcasses, fat removed, 1 12 pounds oxtail, fat removed, 1 cup dry white wine, 8 cups water, 1 onion, spiked with 2 cloves and 1bay leaf, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 celery rib, chopped, 5 leek tops, chopped, 1 bunch parsley stems, 12 bunch thyme sprigs, 1 teaspoon juniper berries, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, Foie gras scraps, optional, 2 egg whites, with shells, 8 ounces lean duck meat, 12 tomato, 1 carrot, chopped fine, 1 celery rib, chopped fine, 5 leek tops, chopped fine, 1 teaspoon dried morels, 12 bunch thyme sprigs, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 12 pounds foie gras, sauteed or raw, 6 to 7 eggs, or as needed, Splash port, 2 tablespoons sauternebased aperitif wine recommended: White Lillet, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Butter, for ramekins, 1 cup applewood chips, soaked in water and drained, 2 10 to 12ounce skin on duck breasts, scored, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Duck and Oxtail Consomme, Smoked Duck, Foie Gras Flan, picturelink: null}, 15349: {instructions: Combine shallots, wine, vinegar, 1 tablespoon tarragon, and 2 pinches pepper in a small pot set over medium heat, and reduce to about 2 tablespoons. Set aside to cool.nBeat the egg yolks with 2 tablespoons water over low heat for about 2 to 3 minutes or until they become thick and foamy. Add the butter, about a tablespoon at a time, whisking until the mixture thickens and increases in volume.nAdd the cooled shallot mixture, chervil, and the remaining tarragon. Season with salt and pepper, and stir to combine., ingredients: [2 shallots, finely chopped, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup champagne vinegar, 4 12 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon, Freshly ground pepper, 4 large egg yolks, 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh chervil, Salt], title: Bearnaise Sauce, picturelink: null}, 15350: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: instantread thermometernPosition an oven rack in the bottom third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRinse the turkey pieces and pat very dry with paper towels. Brush the turkey all over with oil, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange the turkey, skinside up, on a baking sheet with the thick end of the breasts and thighs at the corners, the drumsticks in the center. Roast for 1 hour and 10 minutes.nRemove the turkey from the oven and brush with the Cranberry Orange Glaze. Pour the broth onto the baking sheet to prevent drippings from burning and roast the turkey, covering loosely with foil if browning too quickly, until an instantread thermometer registers 165 degrees F to 170 degrees F in thickest part of the thigh do not let the thermometer touch bone, 20 minutes.nTransfer the turkey to a platter. Brush generously with more glaze and let rest 25 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, scrape all the pan juices and browned bits from the baking sheet into a large measuring cup. Spoon off and discard the fat that rises to the surface. Heat the pan juices in a heavy medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Whisk 2 to 3 tablespoons of the glaze into the pan juices or more if desired to make the gravy and bring to a simmer for the flavors to blend.nSlice the turkey and arrange on the platter. Garnish with herb sprigs, oranges wedges and cranberries, and serve with gravy.nIn a small saucepan, bring the cranberry juice, orange juice, marmalade and rosemary to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Boil until the glaze thickens enough to coat a spoon, whisking often, 15 minutes. Remove from the heat. Whisk in the butter, then season the glaze with salt and pepper., ingredients: [One 11pound turkey, cut into 6 pieces, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Cranberry Orange Glaze, recipe follows, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, Assorted fresh herb sprigs, orange wedges and whole cranberries, for garnish, 12 cup frozen cranberry juice cocktail concentrate, thawed, 12 cup frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed, 14 cup orange marmalade, 1 14 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: CranberryOrange Glazed Turkey, picturelink: 3mvLDvvcyz2P1HCKsQi6lFRFFJat7iy}, 15351: {instructions: To a large stock pot, add potatoes and chicken stock. Bring to a simmer and cook until potatoes are fork tender, about 20 minutes.nTo a saute pan over medium heat, add sausage and chopped onion in pan and saute until completely cooked. Drain sausage mixture, add celery, and saute a few additional minutes. Add sausage mixture to stockpot with butter. Add cream and extra broth if needed. Add vinegar, vanilla, and parsley at end of cooking. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [6 to 8 Yukon gold potatoes or 4 large baking potatoes, like russets, peeled and diced into 1inch pieces, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 pounds hot sausage, out of the casing, 1 12 cups diced onion, 1 34 cups finely diced celery, 4 ounces butter, 1 quart heavy whipping cream, 3 or 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar white or dark, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 4 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Aunt Jojos Politically Incorrect Potato and Sausage Soup, picturelink: null}, 15352: {instructions: Special equipment: a 3inch round cutternPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spray a rimmed baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the mashed sweet potato, mascarpone, cinnamon, ginger and vanilla using a rubber spatula. Set aside.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out a sheet of puff pastry to 10by13 inches. Using a 3 inch round cutter, cut out 12 rounds from the first sheet of puff pastry. Working one at a time, use your fingers to slightly flatten and widen each round. Spoon a heaping teaspoon of the mashed potato filling into the middle of the round, brush a small amount of egg on one edge and stretch the pastry over the filling to make a half moon. Crimp the edges with your fingers to seal and place on the prepared baking sheet. Continue with the remaining rounds and half the filling, leaving 1 inch between puffs, and then cut and fill 12 rounds from the second sheet of puff pastry.nBrush the tops of each pastry with some beaten egg and sprinkle with some cinnamonsugar. Use the tip of a knife to poke a hole in the center of each of the puff. Bake until golden brown and puffed, about 15 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup leftover mashed sweet potato, 3 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, chilled, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 2 puff pastry sheets One 17.2 ounce package, thawed according to package directions, 1 egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons cinnamonsugar], title: Sweet Potato Puffs, picturelink: 9.Oo00EFeCgm9cwOda4F.ARPfYNYWAq}, 15353: {instructions: Cut the bulbous bottom of the squash off from the long top. Split the bottom in half through the root end and scoop out the seeds with a spoon. Cut the long part in half lengthwise. Peel or cut off the rind, then cut the flesh into 1inch pieces.nAdd the squash to a 4quart pot, add enough water to cover, bring to a boil, and cook, covered, over high heat, about 18 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon salt and cover. Lower the heat to medium and cook until the squash is tender when pierced with a fork, 10 to 12 minutes more. There should be no resistance, but the squash should not fall apart. Be attentive: It can overcook very quickly and absorb too much water, making your mash soupy.nMeanwhile, toast the coriander in a small dry skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring often, until aromatic, 1 to 1 12 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl.nStrain the squash in a colander. Return it to the pot, add the butter and mash with a potato masher until smooth. Add the zest, 1 tablespoon of the maple syrup, 1 12 teaspoons of the toasted coriander and salt to taste and stir to combine. When serving, drizzle the remaining 1 tablespoon syrup over the top and dust with the remaining 12 teaspoon coriander., ingredients: [1 butternut squash 3 to 3 12 pounds, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup], title: OrangeMaple Butternut Squash Mash, picturelink: 9TZAz4o.KWlZhGjzHrzrReaFuMgV54i}, 15354: {instructions: In a large bowl combine all ingredients except the chicken, pineapple, and red onion, and mix until evenly combined. Separate the mixture in half, placing one half into a resealable bag with the chicken. Marinate this overnight in the refrigerator. Optional: Skewer chicken, onion, and pineapple for presentation. Keep the remainder of the marinade in the refrigerator. On a nonstick grill pan, over high heat spray a little olive oil to coat the pan. Place the marinated chicken onto the hot pan. Brown the pieces on all sides. To the same pan, add the onions and pineapple. Once the onions have softened remove both the onions and the chicken and reserve. Continue to cook the pineapple until it has caramelized on both sides. Remove to a plate with the chicken and onions.nBlack Beans and Rice: 2 cups long grain white rice 3 12 cups low sodiumlow fat chicken stock 1 teaspoon turmeric 1 teaspoon chili powder 23 tablespoons marinade from Chicken Tonette 1 can black beans, drainednPlace rice, stock, turmeric, and chili powder into a large microwave safe bowl or measuring cup. Microwave on high for 10 minutes and on medium for an additional 15 minutes. Remove from microwave and fluff rice with a fork. Stir in marinade and black beans. Serve with Chicken Tonette.nYield: 6 servings, ingredients: [2 cups plain lowfat yogurt, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 13 cup mint leaves, chopped, 13 cup cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, or 1 clove grated, 12 fresh lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon coriander, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 3 4ounce pieces chicken diced into 1inch cubes, 1 pineapple, cored, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 large red onion, cut into 1inch pieces, Black Beans, recipe follows], title: Chicken Tonette, picturelink: null}, 15355: {instructions: Tuck boiled hot dogs into potato buns top with potato salad, beet horseradish and chopped hardboiled eggs. Drizzle with Russian dressing., ingredients: [], title: Siberian Huskies, picturelink: o9v8vOBDcQsn2E12BUgBdwTFyNPRJW}, 15356: {instructions: Mince the garlic and then add 12 teaspoon kosher salt and mash with the edge of the knife until a paste is formed.nAdd this to a blender with the remaining ingredients. Puree and taste to adjust seasoning.nRemove and place in a small bowl and refrigerate for 1 hour., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup buttermilk, 14 cup loose packed fresh Italian flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried dill, 1 teaspoon dehydrated onion flakes, 2 drops Worcestershire sauce, Pinch cayenne pepper, Pinch ground white pepper], title: Spicy Ranch Dressing, picturelink: V2XDgH0WLd9KmS3gdTtnRWY94AIwmVO}, 15357: {instructions: In a heavy kettle cook onions, garlic, and tomatoes, covered, over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until onions are very soft, about 40 minutes. Force mixture through a food mill fitted with coarse disk into a bowl. In a cleaned kettle stir together puree, sugar, and vinegar, and simmer, uncovered, stirring frequently to prevent scorching, until reduced by half, about 20 minutes. Tie cloves, allspice, cinnamon, and celery seed in a cheesecloth bag and add to tomato mixture with mustard and paprika. Simmer mixture, stirring until very thick, about 10 minutes. Discard bag and season mixture with hot sauce and salt. Ketchup may be made 10 days ahead and chilled, covered., ingredients: [4 medium onions, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 4 28ounce cans whole tomatoes, drained, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon whole cloves, 1 teaspoon whole allspice, crushed, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 teaspoon paprika, Hot sauce, to taste, Salt, to taste], title: Home Made Tomato Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 15358: {instructions: For the soup: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the squash and cook, stirring occasionally, until beginning to brown around the edges, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Pour in the chicken stock, add the thyme and sage and bring to a simmer. Simmer until the squash is very soft, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in the heavy cream. Puree using an immersion blender. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately, or let cool completely, pour into freezer bags, label and freeze.nFor the topping: When read to serve, mix together the cream and sour cream in a small bowl. Drizzle designs over the soup with the mixture., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 medium butternut squash, peeled and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 cups hot chicken stock, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage, 12 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup sour cream], title: Butternut Squash Soup, picturelink: zEN1pIKxIlkPP0igyZkR2Ro33bmmu2}, 15359: {instructions: Cut the baguette in half lengthwise and spread the inside of each half with butter. Place the cheese on the bottom half and then place top of baguette on. Cut in half to eat it, if desired., ingredients: [12 baguette, 2 to 3 tablespoons butter, 4 to 6 thick slices of Brie or Camembert], title: Brie and Butter Baguette Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 15360: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Rinse fish in cool water and dry. Tuck the slices of ginger into the cavity of the fish. Spread a layer of salt about 34inch thick on the surface of a large baking sheet or other ovenproof container. Wrap fish entirely in the nori, set it on top of the salt, and then use remaining salt to bury the fish completely. Bake 30 to 40 minutes, until fish reaches an internal temperature of about 130 degrees use an instantread thermometer, and poke it through the salt crust into the fish. Remove from oven and let rest 5 to 10 minutes fish will continue to cook. Meanwhile, mix together the soy sauce, lime juice, ginger, and about a tablespoon of the scallions. Carefully remove the fish from its salt bed, set it on a work surface, and remove nori wrap. Set fish on a serving platter, scatter the remaining scallions over the surface, and serve immediately with the sauce alongside., ingredients: [1 rockfish, about 3 pounds, cleaned, 3 slices fresh ginger, 2 to 3 sheets nori Japanese seaweed sheets, 4 pounds rock salt, 12 cup dark soy sauce, 1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 bunch about 10 scallions trimmed and sliced thinly], title: Rockfish Baked in Salt, picturelink: null}, 15361: {instructions: 1. Cut 6 hearts from the construction paper for the bumble bees wings.n2. Unwrap the SNICKERSu00ae Brand Cru00e8me Sports Eggs and place both halves flat on a counter.n3. With the decorative icing, pipe lines over the eggs. Dot the lines with the MMSu00ae Brand Chocolate Candies.n4. Dot each wing with icing, and then press it underneath an egg, with one wing on either side of each egg., ingredients: [1 SNICKERSu00ae Brand Cru00e8me Sports Eggs 3Pack, 12 pieces MMSu00ae Brand Chocolate Candies, 1 tube decorative yellow icing, Yellow construction paper], title: Bumble Bees, picturelink: hy294XA5ZxC9Cnh61uTMipzgtT4TK}, 15362: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar together on mediumhigh speed until smooth and fluffy, 4 to 5 minutes. Meanwhile, put the beans in a food processor add the maple syrup and puree until very smooth.nAdd the bean mixture to the creamed butter in the bowl of the stand mixer and beat on medium speed until completely smooth, stopping and scraping down the bowl with a rubber spatula several times, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well between additions add the vanilla and mix until combined. Scrape down the bowl. Donu00bft worry if the mixture looks curdled it will smooth out when you add the dry ingredients.nMeanwhile, sift the flour, baking soda and salt together into a bowl. With the mixer on low speed, slowly add the flour mixture and mix until just combined. Remove the bowl from the mixer and stir in the chocolate chips. Drop heaping tablespoonfuls of dough onto the prepared pans, spacing them about 2 inches apart. Bake until the cookies begin to turn golden around the edges, 10 to 12 minutes do not overbake. Remove the cookies from the oven and cool for at least 10 minutes on the pan before transferring them to a rack to cool completely.nStore the cookies in an airtight container for up to 5 days., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup cooked or canned cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: White Bean Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: HhYdDXxDbzwhHLe1.goqxLudzP6auDG}, 15363: {instructions: Special equipment: Large roasting pan and rack Parchment paper Aluminum foil 20 feet butchers twine Large sewing needlenFor the andouille sausage stuffing: In a large bowl, mix the pork, liquid smoke, garlic, salt, paprika, black pepper, chili pepper flakes, mace, allspice, ground bay leaves, sage and cayenne pepper, if using, with some cold water. In a pan or on a flattop, brown off the sausage mixture in about 3 teaspoons of bacon fat for flavor. Once the sausage mixture is browned, chill immediately.nFor the spinach stuffing: Melt the butter in large skillet. Add the spinach, onion, fennel seed, salt and white pepper and saute for 5 minutes until hot. Set aside to cool.nPreparation of the duck and chicken: It is wise to debone the duck and chicken first for practice. Place the fresh chicken breastside down on large cutting board. Starting at the birds neck, you will cut through the skin along the length of the spine. Using the tip of the knife and starting from the neck end, separate the meat from the rib cage on 1 side. Disjoint the wing from the shoulder blade and reserve for stock. Work towards the thigh bone, cut through the ball and socket joint and pop loose using upward pressure with your hand from under the bird. Using your thumbnail, loosen the oyster meat the most tender part from the frame. With the knife, remove the thigh and leg bone, but keep the leg attached to the bird. Repeat the process on other side of chicken. When both sides are finished, the bird will lay flat. Grab rib cage by the neck area and gently pull towards back to remove the entire carcass and breast bone cartilage. Repeat the same deboning procedure for the duck. In a well ventilated area or with an exhaust fan on high, preheat a large castiron pan to very hot. Rub the boneless chicken and duck with olive oil. Generously sprinkle with blackening spice on both sides. Place skinside down in the pan for 1 to 2 minutes then turn over and repeat. Refrigerate.nDebone the turkey using the same procedure as the chicken and duck with 2 exceptions: The turkey wings should be left attached to the meat and the bonein drumstick should be disjointed from the boneless thigh meat and left attached to the meat. The final product should be a flat boneless turkey except for the wings and drumsticks.nTo stuff the turducken: Place the turkey skinside down on a flat surface. Rub the meat with 3 tablespoons olive oil. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons chopped fresh garlic and 1 tablespoon blackening spice. Spread an even layer of cornbread dressing over the meat about 34 inch thick and pat down with hands. Spread 14inch layer of spinach stuffing. Sprinkle with 2 cups of the andouille sausage stuffing. On top, place 6 to 8 slices of roasted red bell peppers. Place the chilled duck, skinside down, on top of layered stuffing. Repeat the layered stuffing as above. Arrange the chilled chicken, skinside down, on top of the stuffed duck. Spread the remainder of the stuffing on top of chicken. Press down gently with hands to compact all ingredients.nTo truss the turducken: This may take another persons help. Lift the sides of the turkey together. Have a helper hold the bird closed while sewing the back of the turkey together using butchers twine, making the stitches about 1inch apart, starting at the back of turkey and working towards the neck. Be careful since the Turducken has no boney frame. Roll over breastside up and finish sewing the neck portion of bird. Tie off and cut twine. Now sew up the opening at the leg section of turkey. Truss the legs together with twine. For extra support, tie butchers twine around the birds width every 3 inches down along the birds length. Position your hands evenly under the turducken and lift into a large roasting pan with rack inside. The pan should be at least 3inches deep to catch drippings during cooking. Rub the entire exposed skin of the bird with 2 tablespoons of olive oil then sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of blackening spice and salt. Add 12 cup water to the bottom of the roasting pan. Wrap the drumsticks with aluminum foil. Place parchment paper over the entire bird. Loosely tent the roasting pan with aluminum foil. Bake at 200 degrees F for 12 hours or until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F. Remove all foil and parchment paper the last hour of roasting time and turn up temperature to 325 degrees F. Baste with the drippings. When done, remove from the oven and let set in the roasting pan for at least 1 hour. With 2 heavy duty spatulas, insert underneath and remove the turducken from the rack to place on carving platter. Remove all butcher twine including pulling out the portion along the spine. To serve, cut the turducken in half lengthwise, then cut servings crosswise in approximately 1inch thicknesses. Serve with gravy and enjoy., ingredients: [3 pounds coarsely ground pork, 2 12 teaspoons liquid smoke, 1 12 teaspoons chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, Pinch chili pepper flakes, Pinch ground mace, Pinch ground allspice, Pinch ground bay leaf, Pinch ground sage, Pinch cayenne pepper, optional, 3 teaspoons bacon fat, 12 pound butter, 4 pounds frozen chopped spinach, thaw and remove excess liquid or 3 pounds freshly chopped spinach, 2 cups sauteed onion, 1 teaspoon ground fennel seed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper, One 6pound fresh whole duck, One 4pound fresh whole chicken, 1 cup olive oil, divided, About 5 tablespoons blackening spice, divided, One 25pound fresh whole turkey, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped garlic, 5 pounds favorite cornbread dressing, 3 whole roasted red bell peppers, cut into strips, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 quarts of your favorite turkey gravy], title: The Turducken: Boneless Turkey Stuffed with a Boneless Duck and Boneless Chicken One Big Bird, picturelink: null}, 15364: {instructions: Combine the tomatoes, scallions, mint, ginger, and lemon or lime juice in a medium bowl.nHeat the vegetable oil in a small pan or skillet and add the mustard seeds. When the seeds begin to pop have a lid handy to contain them, remove the pan from the heat. Pour the oil and seeds over the tomato mixture, add salt to taste, and lightly toss. Let the salad marinate for about 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 large tomatoes, cut into thin wedges, 2 scallions, chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 12 teaspoon grated peeled fresh gingerroot, 4 teaspoons fresh lime or lemon juice, 4 teaspoons vegetable oil, 14 teaspoon black mustard seeds, Salt to taste], title: Tomato Kachumber, picturelink: null}, 15365: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a food processor place the Pringles, Parmesan cheese, flour, chili powder. Pulse until you have a fine grind. Coat the sea bass well with the Pringle mixture, set aside. In a mediumsized saute pan over medium high heat, heat the canola oil until hot. Add the bass and saute on each side until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes each side. Remove bass from the saute pan into a baking pan and place in the oven for 4 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Toast the ripped up wonder bread until dry and golden in color. Toss all ingredients in a bowl. To assemble the dish, place the fish on top off the salad and add a sprig of parsley., ingredients: [1 can low fat Pringles, 34 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 pinch chili powder, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 4 8ounce fillets of sea bass, Tuscan Salad, recipe follows, 3 cups wonder bread, ripped into bits, 12 cup chopped tomato, 1 tablespoon sliced basil, 14 cup minced white onion, 12 tablespoon minced fresh garlic, 1 to 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt to taste], title: PringleCoated Sea Bass on DayOld Wonder Bread Tuscan Salad, picturelink: null}, 15366: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, pink pepper and salt. Set aside.nPlace the butter and 13 cup sugar in a large bowl and beat with an electric mixer until light pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the egg yolks and beat for an additional minute. In two additions, add the flour mixture, beating on low speed until just combined between additions. Pulse in the dried cherries and chocolate chips.nPlace a piece of plastic wrap on a clean, dry surface. Transfer the cookie dough to the plastic wrap, form into a 2inchwide log, and wrap tightly. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing a sharp, thin knife, cut the log into 13inchthick rounds. Set the cookies on an ungreased baking sheet, spaced 1 inch apart, and sprinkle evenly with the remaining 2 teaspoons sugar.nBake until just set, 25 minutes. Cool the cookies completely on the baking sheet before removing to a wire rack., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon pink peppercorns, crushed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 13 cup plus 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 egg yolks, at room temperature, 14 cup dried cherries, chopped, 14 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Cherry Shortbread Cookies, picturelink: ZdT1iETRyCfJxT8kjEeLiWXT4e02}, 15367: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a deep fryer optionalnFor the twicecooked chips: Peel the potatoes and cut them into approximately 58inchthick chips i.e. 58by58inchbypotato length. Store them in water.nFill a large pot halfway with the oil or fill a deepfat fryer with oil. Heat to 275 degrees F. Thoroughly drain the chips and add them to the oil, working in batches to avoid overcrowding the pan. Fry the chips until they are soft enough to squeeze but not yet browned, about 10 minutes. Once all the chips have been blanched, spread them on a sheet tray and store them in the fridge overnight.nWhen ready to serve, heat the oil to 375 degrees F and fry the blanched chips, in batches if necessary, until golden brown and crispy on the outside and still fluffy on the inside, about 5 minutes.nFor the seasoned flour: Mix the flour, salt and black pepper in a large bowl and set aside.nFor the beer batter: Thoroughly mix the flour, paprika and salt in a large bowl. Whilst constantly whisking, add enough beer to stiffen up the mix. Whilst still continuing to whisk, add cold water until the batter resembles heavy cream consistency and contains no lumps.nFor the fish: Fill a large pot halfway with oil or fill a deepfat fryer with oil. Heat the oil to 375 degrees F. Fillet the fish into six 8ounce portions, removing any bones, skin or blood lines that are present. Dip the fish into the seasoned flour, tapping off any excess. Dip the fish into the beer batter, briefly allow the batter to drain off, and then gently place the fish into the oil, allowing the fish to float away from you. Cook, in batches if necessary, until golden brown and trying to float, 5 to 7 minutes.nRemove the fish from the oil with a spatula and allow to drain on a cooling rack before serving on a bed of chips with lashings of kosher salt and malt vinegar., ingredients: [12 large russet potatoes, Canola oil, for frying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons paprika, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, plus more for fish, One 12ounce bottle lager beer the lighter and fizzier, the better, 3 pounds skinless, boneless largeflake white fish we use wild Alaskan cod because of its quality and sustainability, Canola oil, for frying, Kosher salt, Goodquality malt vinegar, for serving], title: Traditional British Fish and Chips, picturelink: LAxhLHRlx.0oZyWsTQfeRuUSFewpJhW}, 15368: {instructions: Fill a large pot halfway with hot water add 12 teaspoon salt, the fennel wedges and carrots. Bring to a boil cook until the vegetables are crisptender, 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon. Reduce the heat to low.nAdd the garlic, scallions, fennel fronds and chicken to the pot and gently simmer until the chicken is cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes. Fill a bowl with salted ice water. Transfer the chicken to the ice water using tongs let sit 30 seconds, then remove to a cutting board.nUsing a slotted spoon, transfer the garlic, scallions and fennel fronds to a blender add 13 cup of the cooking liquid. Add the green beans to the pot, remove from the heat and let sit 5 minutes drain.nAdd the olive oil, vinegar, mustard, parsley and basil to the blender and puree season with pepper. Cut the chicken into pieces and serve with the vegetables drizzle with the herb sauce.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 bulb fennel, trimmed and cut into wedges, plus 1 cup fronds, 3 medium carrots, cut into chunks, 1 head garlic, cloves separated and peeled, 1 bunch scallions white and light green parts, roughly chopped, 1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, halved crosswise, 12 pound green beans, trimmed and cut into small pieces, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 12 cup fresh parsley, 12 cup fresh basil, Freshly ground pepper], title: Poached Chicken With GarlicHerb Sauce, picturelink: eCMVYAfM.q7nIRjiHKodOafhU6m3C}, 15369: {instructions: Heat oven to 250 degrees. Using a serrated knife, remove the crusts from the bread. Place trimmed bread on a baking sheet. Transfer to heated oven, and cook until dry, about 15 minutes. Remove to a rack to cool. Chop bread very finely you need about 1 14 cups, and set aside. Rinse rice under cold running water until water runs clear. In a medium saucepan, bring 4 cups water and 12 teaspoon salt to a boil over high heat. Stir in wild rice, and lower heat to medium low. Cook rice, stirring often, until water has evaporated and rice has popped, about 55 minutes. Drain rice through a colander. Set aside to cool. Heat 2 tablespoons canola oil in a medium nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Add garlic and stir until fragrant. Add carrot, celery, and yellow pepper, and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool. In a medium bowl, combine wild rice, vegetables, and eggs. Gently fold in breadcrumbs. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cover, and refrigerate until the bread crumbs have absorbed the liquids, about 1 hour. Using a 2ounce icecream scoop, firmly pack rice mixture into scoop. Place ball of rice mixture on a baking sheet lined with a silpat French nonstick baking mat. Gently press down with your damp palm to flatten rice into a cake. Repeat with remaining rice mixture to form 8 cakes. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons canola oil in a medium nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Using a wide spatula, carefully transfer 4 rice cakes into pan. Saute until lightly browned and set on the edges, about 5 minutes. Gently turn rice cakes, and saute for 5 more minutes. Repeat with remaining rice cakes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 thin slices white bread, 1 cup raw wild rice, 4 cups water, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 medium carrot, peeled, cut into 14inch dice about 13 cup, 1 small celery stalk, peeled, cut into 14inch dice about 13 cup, 12 medium yellow pepper, seeded, deveined, cut into 14inch dice about 13 cup, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Wild Rice Cakes, picturelink: null}, 15370: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and grease two 9inch round cake pans.nIn a stand mixer, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Mix in the vanilla. Add the eggs one at a time, beating after each addition. Mix in the pumpkin puree.nIn a separate bowl, mix together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves and salt. Add the flour mixture to the pumpkin mixture and mix until thoroughly incorporated. Stir in the chocolate chips.nDivide the batter between the pans and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of each comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool for 10 minutes before flipping onto wire racks to cool completely. Spread the Beurre Noisette Buttercream on the top of one of the cake rounds and top with the other.nMelt the butter in 1quart saucepan over medium heat. Continue cooking, stirring occasionally and watching closely, until the butter turns golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat. Cool completely.nCombine the browned butter, confectioners sugar and vanilla in a medium bowl. Beat at medium speed, gradually adding enough heavy cream for the desired spreading consistency. Yield: filling for one 9inch cake, ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the pans, softened, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, One 15ounce can pumpkin puree, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups chocolate chips, Beurre Noisette Buttercream, recipe follows, 12 cup 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 to 4 tablespoons heavy cream or milk], title: Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Cake with Beurre Noisette Buttercream for the Yule Log Tree Stump, picturelink: EsBBmu6eFQnrl65VREJUp.GipbshSq}, 15371: {instructions: Special equipment: Bamboo skewers, soaked in water 30 to 45 minutesnGranita: Add all the granita ingredients to a blender or food processor and puree. Strain the puree through a sieve into a medium bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 to 45 minutes. Transfer the chilled puree into a wide, shallow, heavybottomed container. The shallower and wider the container, the more room you give the granita to freeze quickly. Cover with foil or plastic wrap and freeze until it begins to appear solid around the edges, about 1 hour. Using a fork, scrape the ice from sides, mixing in from the edges into the center. Repeat this scraping and mixing process every 30 minutes, until the entire mixture has the consistency of shaved ice. Put back in freezer until ready to use.nChopped salad: Combine all of the ingredients in a large bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nShrimp: Combine the cilantro, lime zest and juice, jalapeno and olive oil in a blender or food processor. Set aside.nIf using a gas grill, preheat the grill to high, direct heat. If using coals, allow the coals to burn down to glowing white embers. The grill is hot enough when you can hold your hand about 1inch over it for only 1 second. Lightly grease the grill with olive oil to prevent sticking. Lightly salt the shrimp and thread each skewer with 3 shrimp. Grill shrimp approximately 2 minutes per side, basting with cilantro oil twice. Remove the shrimp from the grill and add the remaining cilantro oil to a small pan. Heat the oil until bubbling.nAdd the avocado to a small bowl and drizzle with lime juice.nTo serve, spoon some of the chopped salad on each serving plate and top with some granita. Add a few teaspoons of avocado, a skewer of shrimp and a drizzle of the hot cilantro oil. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ripe tomatoes, seeded and roughly chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and roughly chopped, 1 orange bell pepper, seeded and roughly chopped, 12 English cucumber, roughly chopped, 14 cup cilantro, leaves roughly chopped, 12 cup vegetable juice, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, Kosher salt, 1 cup ripe cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and finely diced, 1 orange bell pepper, seeded and finely diced, 12 English cucumber, finely diced, 12 red onion, finely minced, 1 green jalapeno, finely minced, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon champagne vinegar, Pinch kosher salt, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves roughly chopped, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 1 green jalapeno, roughly chopped, 14 cup olive oil, Olive oil, for grill, Kosher salt, 18 to 24 shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 avocado, halved, pitted and flesh finely diced, Lime juice, to taste], title: Gazpacho Granita with Chopped Gazpacho Salad, Avocado and Flame Grilled Shrimp in Jalapeno Cilantro Oil, picturelink: null}, 15372: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a regularsized muffin tin with 12 aluminum cupcake liners.nFor the graham cracker crust: Put the melted butter and graham crackers in a food processer. Blend until the graham crackers are crushed. Press 1 tablespoon of graham cracker mixture into the bottom of each cupcake liner, making sure to pack it down. For the cheesecake cupcakes: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the cream cheese on medium speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes, scraping down the sides as needed. In a large bowl, whisk together the sugar and flour. With the mixer on low speed, gradually add the sugar mixture to the cream cheese and mix until smooth. Add the sour cream and vanilla paste and mix until smooth. Add the egg, beating until just combined do not over mix. Fill the cupcake liners threequarters full. Bake for 15 minutes. Cool slightly until the cupcakes become concave.nFor the sour cream glaze: In a medium bowl, stir together the sour cream, sugar and vanilla paste. Place a heaping tablespoon of glaze in the center of each cupcake. Return to the oven for 10 minutes. Cool to room temperature on a wire rack, and then chill in the refrigerator until cold, at least 2 hours.nTo assemble: Pipe Fresh Whipped Cream around the rim of the cupcake leaving an empty space in the middle. Fill the empty space in the middle with Mixed Berry Compote.nUsing the bowl of an electric stand mixer fitted with whisk attachment, whip the heavy cream and sugar until soft peaks form. Put into a pastry bag fitted with a star tip.nIn medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring the berries and sugar to a boil, stirring constantly until thick. Remove from the heat and chill until cold., ingredients: [12 stick butter, melted, 4 ounces graham crackers, 1 34 cup cream cheese, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons flour, 4 tablespoons sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla bean paste, 1 egg, at room temperature, 1 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla bean paste, Fresh Whipped Cream, recipe follows, Mixed Berry Compote, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup blueberries, 12 cup raspberries, 12 cup strawberries, 3 tablespoons sugar], title: Fan Favorite Triple Berry Cheesecake Cupcakes with Sour Cream Glaze, Mixed Berry Compote, Fresh Whipped Cream, Graham Cracker Crust, picturelink: vzTmtDxIF3Qowu0xNNSYPePHGJnHzK}, 15373: {instructions: Toss 3 cups Chex cereal, 2 cups mini pretzels and 1 cup cheese crackers with 34 cup grated parmesan, 12 stick melted butter and a pinch of garlic powder. Spread on a baking sheet and bake 15 minutes at 325 degrees F, stirring., ingredients: [], title: Cheesy Chex Mix, picturelink: dvGTo250LMCXDnlimm3AUth4I1pNql.}, 15374: {instructions: Heat olive oil in 12inch nonstick skillet over medium heat and cook vegetables with garlic covered, stirring once, 4 minutes or until vegetables are crisptender.nStir in Sauce and reserved pasta water. Cook covered 3 minutes or until heated through. Serve over hot fettuccine and garnish, if desired, with grated Parmesan cheese and ground black pepper.nSUBSTITUTION: Use 1 package 16 oz. frozen assorted vegetables, thawed and drained., ingredients: [2 Tbsp. olive oil, 3 cups assorted cutup fresh vegetables broccolini, red bell pepper, zucchini andor asparagus, 1 Tbsp. finely chopped garlic, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Four Cheese Rosa Sauce, 8 ounces fettuccine, cooked and drained reserve 12 cup pasta water], title: Fettuccine Primavera Rosa, picturelink: Dl2XsaPNKh6BxTFHxHu8Dlb0RUEeAqu}, 15375: {instructions: Combine Schnapps, vodka, and a splash of grenadine and ginger ale over ice. Chill, strain into a martini glass and garnish with a fresh raspberry., ingredients: [2 ounces raspberry Schnapps, 1ounce raspberry vodka, Splash of grenadine, Splash of ginger ale, Ice cubes, Fresh raspberries, for garnish], title: Wild Berry Freeze Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 15376: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, beat cream with an electric mixer at medium speed until thickened. Gradually add confectioners sugar, beating until soft peaks form. Gently stir in cheese until combined set aside.nSplit ladyfingers in half. Line a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish with ladyfingers, cut side up. Brush ladyfingers with limeade concentrate. Spoon half of cheese mixture over ladyfingers. Top with half of blueberry pie filling. Repeat procedure for the next layer with remaining ladyfingers, limeade, cheese mixture, and pie filling. Cover and chill 8 hours. Cut into squares to serve. Garnish with fresh mint, if desired., ingredients: [1 pint heavy whipping cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 pound mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 3 3ounce packages unfilled ladyfingers, 1 6ounce can frozen limeade concentrate, thawed, 1 21ounce can blueberry pie filling, Fresh mint leaves, optional], title: Lime Blueberry Tiramisu, picturelink: 2cVmxitSOAIh3kvJe7qAL0wYmceBXuO}, 15377: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a skillet, saute the mushrooms and shallots in the margarine. Add the brandy and herbs and cook about 4 minutes. In a bowl, combine the cream, egg and egg yolks. Fill the pie crust with the cheese, place the mushrooms and shallots on top, and pour the cream and egg mixture over all. Bake for about 30 minutes, longer if necessary.nPlace the flour and salt in a mixing bowl. Add the shortening and cut with a pastry blender, or use your hands. Add the water, a tablespoon at a time, kneading until the dough is smooth. Roll out the dough to fit a 9inch pie pan., ingredients: [3 ounces porcini mushrooms, reconstituted, 5 ounces shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 5 ounces oyster mushrooms, sliced, 14 cup shallots, peeled and chopped, 12 stick 4 tablespoons margarine, 2 tablespoons brandy, 2 tablespoons mixed herbs of your choice, 13 cup heavy cream, 1 large egg, 2 large egg yolks, 1 recipe Homemade Pie Crust, 23 cup grated Swiss cheese, 1 12 cups all purpose flour, Dash of salt, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 12 cup icecold water], title: Wild Mushroom Tort, picturelink: null}, 15378: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring, until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the beans and reserved bean liquid, chicken broth, soy sauce, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Bring to a simmer, add the kale and stir until wilted bring back to a simmer and cook until the kale is tender and the stew is slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, cover and keep warm.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large nonstick skillet. Once the oil is hot, crack the eggs into the skillet and cook until the whites begin to set up, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle each egg with pepper, cover and continue to cook until the whites are completely set and the yolks are still runny, about 2 minutes more. Remove from the heat.nTop each slice of bread with cheese and broil until melted. Cut each slice in quarters.nDivide the stew among four bowls, top each with an egg and serve with a piece of cheese toast. Serve with hot sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 small red onion, chopped, Two 15ounce cans kidney or pinto beans, one can drained and rinsed, one can liquid reserved, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken or vegetable broth, 2 teaspoons lowsodium soy sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch kale, stemmed and torn into 2inch pieces about 10 cups, 4 large eggs, 4 slices wholegrain bread, 2 ounces sharp Cheddar, grated about 13 cup, Your favorite hot sauce, for serving], title: Bean, Kale and Egg Stew, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}, 15379: {instructions: Make the filling: In a heavy skillet cook the onion in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened, add the corn, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 2 minutes, or until the corn is tender. Stir in the chilies, the bell pepper, and the cumin and cook the mixture, stirring, for 2 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and let it cool completely. Stir in the Monterey Jack and salt to taste and chill the filling, covered, for 1 hour, or until it is cold.nTo make Won Ton Ravioli: Put 1 won ton wrapper on a lightly floured surface, mound 1 tablespoon of the filling in the center of the wrapper, and brush the edges with water. Put a second wrapper over the first, pressing down around the filling to force out the air, seal the edges well, and trim the excess dough around the filling with a decorative cutter or sharp knife. Make won ton ravioli with the remaining wrappers and filling in the same manner, transferring them as they are formed to a dry kitchen towel, and turn them occasionally to let them dry slightly.nBring a kettle of boiling salted water to a gentle boil and in it cook the ravioli in batches for 2 minutes, or until they rise to the surface and are tender. Do not let the water boil vigorously once the ravioli have been added. Transfer the ravioli as they are cooked with a slotted spoon to a dry kitchen towel or paper towels to drain and keep them warm. To make the sauce: In a heavy skillet cook the garlic in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, for 1 minute, add the tomatoes, and boil the mixture, stirring, for 10 minutes, or until it is thick. Stir in the lime juice, the coriander, and salt and pepper to taste and keep the sauce warm, covered, while preparing the ravioli., ingredients: [2 tablespoons finely chopped onion, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 cup fresh or thawed frozen corn kernels, 1 poblano chilies, roasted and minced or 14 cup minced pickled jalapeno, 12 large red bell pepper, roasted and chopped fine, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 cup grated Monterey Jack, 1 garlic clove, minced, 14 stick 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 28ounce can plum tomato, drained and chopped coarse, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, or to taste, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh coriander, 24 won ton wrapped available at Asian markets and many supermarkets, thawed if frozen, Garnish: 4 fresh coriander sprigs], title: Won Ton Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 15380: {instructions: Combine tomatoes, bell pepper, green onions, cucumber, and hardboiled egg whites in a large bowl set aside. In a separate bowl, whisk together garlic, olive oil, vinegar, cilantro, parsley, and salt. Add garlic mixture to tomato mixture. Add shrimp and toss to combine. Serve over butter lettuce leaves., ingredients: [6 plum tomatoes, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 8 green onions, sliced, 1 cup peeled and diced cucumber, 2 hardboiled eggs, whites only, chopped, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 34pound readytoeat shrimp, chopped, 1 head butter lettuce, leaves separated and cleaned], title: Shrimp Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 15381: {instructions: Preheat the oven 500 degrees.nToss fennel with 1 tablespoon olive oil, anchovies and 1 tablespoon of fennel seed. Roast on the top shelf for 8 to 10 minutes or until tender and softened.nToss the cubed bread with 12 tablespoon olive oil, salt and pepper, to taste. Remove baking dish from the oven. Set halibut on top of roasted fennel, top with croutons, drizzle with a little olive oil and bake for 8 to 12 minutes on the top shelf of the oven. Sprinkle with fennel seeds, dill and serve., ingredients: [1 large fennel, sliced, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 2 anchovy fillets, minced, 2 tablespoons fennel seed, 1 cup cubed bread, 12inch thick, Salt and pepper, 2 6 to 8ounce halibut fillets, Chopped fresh dill], title: Halibut Roasted with Fennel and Croutons, picturelink: null}, 15382: {instructions: Mix the dough according to the instructions given in the recipe.nAfter the dough has taken its first rise for 1 12 to 2 hours or overnight it can be shaped into a fougasse. Place the dough on a lightly floured surface and pat it into a long narrow rectangle. Sprinkle a layer of chopped rosemary over the surface of the dough being careful to cover the edges too. Fold the dough in thirds like a business letter, the top third over the middle of the dough, then the bottom third over that, completely overlapping the two. Press the 3 open sides of the fougasse tightly shut. Cover the bread well with plastic wrap and let rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 to 2 hours.nThirty minutes before baking, preheat the oven to 475 degrees. Place a baking stone in the oven to preheat and position an oven rack just below the stone.nSprinkle a peel or upsidedown baking sheet generously with cornmeal and place the fougasse on top, stretching it slightly to make it into a square. Cut a decorative pattern, such as a leaf or a ladder, into the dough with a dough cutter. Spread and stretch the loaf until the cuts form large openings.nBe sure the fougasse is loosened from the peel, then carefully slide it onto the baking stone. Using a plant sprayer, quickly mist the bread with water 8 to 10 times, then quickly shut oven door. Mist again after 1 minute. Then mist again 1 minute later.nBake for about 10 minutes, then reduce the temperature to 450 degrees and bake 15 minutes longer or until the loaf sounds slightly hollow when tapped on the bottom and the crust is a medium to dark brown. If the crust is not brown enough, the bread will soften as it cools. Transfer the bread to a rack to cool for at least 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 batch Amys Crusty Italian Bread, 3 tablespoons fresh rosemary, chopped], title: Rosemary Fougasse, picturelink: null}, 15383: {instructions: For the croutons: Place a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Brush the bread on each side with olive oil. Grill until grillmarked and golden, 1 to 2 minutes each side. Cool slightly and cut into 34inch cubes. For the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the oil, wine, honey, mustard, salt and pepper until smooth.nFor the salad: Place the raddichio, arugula, pear slices, walnuts and croutons in a large bowl. Add the dressing and toss until coated. Using a vegetable peeler, shave the Parmesan on top and serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon whole grain mustard, such as Grey Poupon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Four 34inchthick slices countrystyle sourdough bread, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, such as pinot grigio, 2 tablespoons honey, Two 8ounce heads radicchio, halved and chopped into 1inch pieces, 3 cups baby arugula, 2 ripe but firm Asian or Bosc pears, cored, halved and cut lengthwise into 14inchthick slices, 34 cup chopped walnuts, toasted see Cooks Note, One 2ounce chunk Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Radicchio, Pear and Arugula Salad, picturelink: SqZMjjgc.RFVqqRuy6wbodMYfeTNWKi}, 15384: {instructions: Heat olive oil in saute pan. Saute all the seafood for about 2 minutes. Add olives, tomatoes, and broccoli. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Deglaze the pan with white wine and lemon juice. Add hot, cooked pasta and finish with the fresh basil and cheese., ingredients: [1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 20 2630 count shrimp, tail on, 28 mussels, 20 2030 count scallops, 28 kalamata olives, 4 vineripened tomatoes, diced, 20 baby broccoli florets, Salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons white wine, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 20 ounces orecchiette pasta, cooked al dente, 4 tablespoons minced fresh basil, 8 ounces shredded Parmesan], title: Chef Renes Shrimp, Mussel, and Scallop Orechiette Pasta, picturelink: null}, 15385: {instructions: Heat grill to high.nPlace a large kettle on the grill, add wine and bring to a boil. Add the steamers, cover and steam until opened, discarding any that do not open. Remove steamers to a large bowl with a slotted spoon.nBring liquid back to a boil and reduce by half. Whisk in the red chile pesto and honey. Season with salt and pepper and stir in the cilantro. Pour the mixture over the steamers and serve immediately.nPlace chiles in a bowl and cover with boiling water let sit until soft, at least 30 minutes.nRemove the chiles from the liquid, reserving the liquid, and coarsely chop. Place the chiles in the bowl of a food processor along with 14 cup of the soaking liquid, honey, cilantro, garlic and pine nuts and process until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until emulsified season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 cups dry white wine, 1 12 pounds steamers, scrubbed, Red Chile Pesto, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 ancho chile pods, 2 New Mexico chile pods, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Steamers in Red Chile Pesto Broth, picturelink: TZnwY6A697l0ySDv6lFRkZW5jQ6N8a}, 15386: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Stir in the spinach and cook until bright green, about 30 seconds. Drain and rinse under cold water squeeze out the excess moisture, then finely chop.nMelt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic and 12 teaspoon salt and cook until the onion is soft, about 2 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Whisk in the milk and cook, whisking constantly, until thickened, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat. Stir in the lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, parmesan and sour cream.nReturn the pot to medium heat. Add the spinach, cheddar and artichokes and stir until the cheese melts and the dip is heated through. Serve warm with tortilla chips, salsa and sour cream.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 10ounce bags spinach, stems removed, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons minced onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups whole milk, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 14 cups grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup sour cream, plus more for serving, 12 cup shredded white sharp cheddar cheese, 12 cup frozen artichoke hearts, thawed, squeezed dry and roughly chopped, Tortilla chips and salsa, for serving], title: AlmostFamous SpinachArtichoke Dip, picturelink: cWwIoy37ih8MyQNtyeJDekTencuuU6}, 15387: {instructions: Parboil potatoes in salted water for 4 minutes and drain. To a large skillet over medium heat, add butter. Saute onion in butter until caramelized. Add potatoes to onion and cook for 4 minutes. Add garlic and chili paste. Add beef and cilantro and combine well. Flatten out mixture to edges, ensuring uniform depth in skillet. Continue to cook until crisp on bottom. Season with salt and pepper. In a pot, bring poaching liquid to boil. Crack eggs into a small bowl and gently add to boiling water. Cook 2 to 3 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [1 pound russet potatoes, peeled, 12inch dice, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 large onion, peeled, 12inch dice, about 1 cup, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon ancho chili paste, 1 pound cooked corned beef, 12inch dice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and pepper, 1 quart water with 2 tablespoons white vinegar for poaching, 12 quail eggs], title: Not So Traditional Corned Beef Hash with Poached Eggs, picturelink: null}, 15388: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix the mayonnaise, cilantro, parsley, agave, mint, garlic, lime zest and juice until well combined., ingredients: [2 cups storebought or homemade mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons agave, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh mint, 1 clove garlic, minced, Zest and juice from 1 lime], title: Herbed Citrus Mayo, picturelink: null}, 15389: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together the granulated sugar and butter. Add the eggs one at a time, mixing after each addition. Combine the flour and salt in a small bowl, then add it to the buttersugar mixture 1 cup at a time, mixing after each addition. With the mixer on low, slowly add the lemonlime soda and mix until combined. Add the lemon and lime zests and mix. Scrape the bowl and mix again.nThoroughly spray a Bundt pan with nonstick baking spray. Add large spoonfuls of batter to the pan until filled, then even out the surface. Bake for 1 hour and 10 minutes to 1 hour and 15 minutes a toothpick inserted in the center should not come out totally clean, but it shouldnt be wet with batter either. Let the cake sit in the pan for 15 minutes, then carefully turn it out onto a cake plate and let it cool.nFor the glaze: Combine the powdered sugar, lemon zest and juice, lime zest and juice, salt and about 1 tablespoon water in a bowl and gently whisk until thick but pourable add a little extra water if needed. Use a large spoon to drizzle the glaze all over the cake. Sprinkle over more zest to decorate. Let the glaze set before serving.nWhip the heavy cream and granulated sugar together in a large bowl until it forms soft peaks. Slice the cake and serve with the whipped cream and berries, ingredients: [3 cups granulated sugar, 3 sticks 12 ounces unsalted butter, 5 eggs, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup lemonlime soda, such as 7Up, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon lime zest, Nonstick baking spray, for spraying pan, 2 cups powdered sugar, sifted, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, dried for at least 30 minutes, plus more for sprinkling, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lime zest, dried for at least 30 minutes, plus more for sprinkling, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, Blackberries, for serving], title: LemonLime Pound Cake, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 15390: {instructions: In a bowl cream together the cheese and the butter until the mixture is smooth. In a saucepan boil the wine with the peppercorns until it is reduced to about 1 tablespoon, add the cream, and boil the liquid until it is reduced by half. Reduce the heat to moderately low, whisk the cheese mixture, a little at a time, into the cream mixture, and whisk in the parsley. Remove the pan from the heat and keep the sauce warm.nHeat a wellseasoned ridged grill pan over moderately high heat until it is hot and in it cook the steak, patted dry and seasoned with salt and pepper, for 4 to 5 minutes on each side for mediumrare meat. Alternatively, the steak may be broiled under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for the same amount of time. Let the steak stand on a cutting board for 10 minutes and serve it, cut into thin slices, with the sauce and garnished with the watercress., ingredients: [14 pound Stilton, softened 12 cup, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup dry white wine, 2 teaspoons freezedried green peppercorns, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 1inch thick ribeye steak about 1 pound, Watercress sprigs for garnish], title: Rib Eye Steak with Stilton Sauce, picturelink: null}, 15391: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F butter a shallow 3quart baking dish. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender and lightly browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer the mushrooms to a plate and wipe out the skillet.nMelt 6 tablespoons butter in the same skillet over medium heat. Add the leeks cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 6 minutes. Add the mushrooms, thyme, rosemary, broth, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat.nWhisk the eggs and heavy cream in a large bowl. Add the herbs, bread cubes and mushroombroth mixture and stir until combined. Transfer the stuffing to the prepared baking dish. Cut the remaining 2 tablespoons butter into small cubes and scatter evenly over the stuffing. Cover with foil and bake 30 minutes, then uncover and bake until golden, 20 to 30 more minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [10 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 1 12 pounds assorted mushrooms such as oyster, shiitake andor cremini, trimmed and sliced, Kosher salt, 3 leeks white and light green parts, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced and rinsed, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 2 cups lowsodium chicken or vegetable broth, Freshly ground pepper, 2 large eggs, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup chopped mixed fresh herbs such as parsley, tarragon and chives, 16 cups 12inch stale brioche cubes 1 12 pounds], title: Mushroom Brioche Stuffing, picturelink: YgR72NjuEnlBVH088Kb5.lD9x6fWu}, 15392: {instructions: Peel, seed and dice the tomatoes season them to taste with capers and vinegar and just a touch of oil season with salt and pepper. Place a bed of the diced tomatoes on each diners plate, leaving enough room in the center for the shad. When the shad is out of the oven, center it in the middle of the tomatoes and garnish with chives., ingredients: [4 vine ripened tomatoes., 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 1 tablespoon sherry wine vinegar, Touch of olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Snipped chives], title: Tomato Garnish, picturelink: null}, 15393: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice the squash in half from top to bottom. Scoop out the seeds. Slice the squash into 12 to 34inch wide half moons and place in a medium bowl. Toss the squash with the syrup, olive oil, red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper. Place the squash on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Bake the squash until tender and golden, about 20 to 25 minutes.nKeep the temperature on the oven at 375 degrees F. Roll out the pizza dough on a flour dusted piece of parchment paper to a 13inch diameter. Place the pizza and the parchment paper on a baking sheet. Sprinkle the mozzarella cheese and the Gorgonzola on the pizza dough. Bake in the oven until golden and cooked through, about 25 to 30 minutes.nPeel the skins off the squash. Top the cooked pizza with the cooked squash. Top with arugula and the remaining 14 teaspoon salt and pepper. Slice and serve., ingredients: [1 1 pound acorn squash, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon salt, plus 14 teaspoon, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus 14 teaspoon, 1 pound pizza dough, 1 cup shredded whole milk mozzarella, 12 cup crumbled Gorgonzola, 1 cup arugula], title: Roasted Acorn Squash and Gorgonzola Pizza, picturelink: K3Wzfhb6NerNrDW0f6cch73eUTyovBm}, 15394: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the cubed potatoes in a large pot of cold salted water. Bring to a boil. Cook potatoes until they are fork tender. Drain in a colander and let cool.nIn a small bowl, whisk together mayonnaise, mustard, apple cider vinegar, sugar, salt and pepper.nOnce cool, add potatoes to a large bowl. Add chopped onions, celery, and garlic. Pour the dressing over the potatoes and mix well. Season with salt and pepper, if needed., ingredients: [3 pounds red potatoes, scrubbed well and cubed, 34 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup Creole mustard recommended: Zatarains, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small Vidalia onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped], title: Creole Potato Salad, picturelink: 8dCjFdhGQmQPGShOJd4kkLlYP5CSGK}, 15395: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F200 degrees C.nSlice the squash into 38 inch34 cm halfmoons. Toss with the olive oil to coat. Arrange in slightly overlapping rows on a baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Scatter over the thyme sprigs and bay leaves. Dot the squash with the butter, then bake, turning halfway through roasting, until the squash is soft with slightly candied brown edges, 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 butternut squash, about 1 pound450 g, 1 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, A few sprigs fresh thyme, A few bay leaves, 1 to 2 tablespoons butter], title: Roasted Squash, picturelink: null}, 15396: {instructions: Punch holes at the top edge of a thin 8inch square pan so that you will be able to lace 7 strings from one side of the pan to the other. Place the laced pan in a pan deep enough to catch any leaking syrup.nDissolve 2 12 cups of sugar in 1 cup water and cook without stirring to the hardball stage, 247 degrees to 252 degrees. Pour the syrup into the laced pan. It should reach a level about 34inch above the strings. Cover the surface with a piece of foil.nWatch and wait. The syrup may take as long as a week to crystallize.nLift out the laced pan. Cut the strings and dislodge the rock candy. Rinse quickly under cold water and put on racks to dry in a very lowtemperature oven., ingredients: [1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup water, Sugar thermometer, 1 8inch square pan Note: this pan will be ruined for anything else in the future., Butchers twine], title: Rock Candy, picturelink: null}, 15397: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degree F.nAdjust the rack to the lower third of the oven. Brush the inside of 8 8ounce ramekins or 1 large souffle dish with melted butter and then lightly but completely dust the inside with sugar.nWhisk together the caramel sauce and egg yolks in a medium bowl. This mixture is the souffle base.nUsing a standing mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or a hand mixer, whip the egg whites for about 30 seconds or until soft foam appears. Add the cream of tartar and continue to whip the whites for 2 minutes. Add the sugar and beat until the egg whites reach the mediumstiff peak stage.nUsing a rubber spatula, fold 13 of the egg whites into the caramel mixture to lighten the base. Fold in the remaining whites carefully so that the mixture is not deflated. The most efficient way to fold is to rotate the bowl and spatula simultaneously in opposite directions, one clockwise and the other counterclockwise.nSpoon the souffle into the dish or dishes, filling them to the rim. Flatten the top with a metal spatula. Gently run a paring knife around the inner wall of the ramekin. This created a small wall of air between the souffle and the ramekin, which helps the souffle rise up straight. Place the souffles on a baking sheet. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes for individual souffles or 30 to 40 minutes for a large souffle. When finished, the souffles should be tall, golden brown, dry on the edges and a little creamy in the center. Serve immediately.nCaramel sauce is perhaps the most versatile incarnation of caramel. Besides being both a hot and cold sauce, it makes a great filling for tarts and other pastries. It is also a major ingredient in some of my other recipes, such as truffles that I make with Caramel Ganache and Caramel Souffle. I always keep a variety of caramel blends refrigerated in my bakeshop. They last for weeks and are ready at a moments notice to fulfill the inevitable special request.nWhen I make creamy and clear caramels that have liquid added to them, I take the caramel to a high temperature, because I want a more, intense flavor that wont be diluted when the caramel is stretched. For example, youll be heating the sugar to 375 degrees F in this recipe and youll want to watch it carefully so it doesnt burn.nAdding any liquid to hot caramel will cause it to bubble up like an eruption of molten lava. Using a pot that is at least twice the volume of the ingredients will prevent boilover. Heating the liquid first reduces the volatility of this reaction but does not eliminate it, so be prepared. Oven mitts and a longhandled whisk are helpful, and dont stick your head or arms directly over the pot. It is important to remember that the steam rising out of a pot of hot caramel is as hot as the caramel inside, and nothing is as painful as a steam burn.nCreme fraiche adds the perfect balance to this sauce, taming the sweetness with a touch of acidity. If you cant find it, and dont have time to make it, sour cream is a good substitute. I also balance the flavor of this sauce with a second addition of sugar and a little lemon juice at the very end. This adds another subtle dimension of flavor.nHeat a saucepan of water and place a whisk in it.nWash and dry your hands thoroughly. Combine the water, 1 cup of sugar, and the corn syrup in a medium saucepan. Stir them together with very clean fingers, making sure no lumps of dry sugar remain. Brush down the insides of the pan with a little water, using your hand to feel for any stray granules of sugar.nCover the saucepan and place it over medium heat for 4 minutes. After 4 minutes, remove the lid, increase the heat to high, and bring to a boil. Do not stir from this point on. Keep an eye on the pan. It will be very bubbly. When stray sugar crystals appear on the side of the pan, brush them down with a wet pastry brush.nAs the sugar cooks, the bubbles will get larger. Insert a candy thermometer, and when the temperature reaches 300 degrees F, lower the heat to medium, which will slow the cooking. Continue to cook the sugar until it reaches 350 degrees F. It will be dark brown. Remove the pot from the heat and let it sit for 1 minute, or until the bubbles subside.nAdd the cream to the caramel. It will bubble up vigorously, so be careful.nVigorously whisk in the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar, creme fraiche, lemon juice, and salt. This sauce is now ready to be served warm or cooled to room temperature. It will keep stored airtight in the refrigerator for up to 1 month. When cold, it has the consistency of peanut butter.nYield: 1 14 cupsnPrep Time: 5 minutesnCook Time: 15 minutesnEase of preparation: Easy  Moderate, ingredients: [2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup Creamy Caramel sauce, recipe follows, at room temperature, 3 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 9 large egg whites, at room temperature, Pinch of cream of tartar less than 18 teaspoon, 13 cup sugar, Special tools: 1 large souffle dish or 8 8ounce ramekins, 14 cup water, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 12 cup heavy cream, warmed to 100 degrees F, 14 cup creme fraiche, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Pinch salt less than 18 teaspoon], title: Caramel Souffle, picturelink: C7adFZZgERBrUX7essSVAJhuWnYcDS}, 15398: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except for the rind in a small saucepot, simmer for 5 minutes. Add rind, let steep for 5 minutes. Pour into a bowl and cool over an ice bath.nIn a small sauce pan heat the vinegar and add the mint sprigs. Reduce by half. Add the remaining ingredients, except the oil and cool. Remove the mint sprigs.When cool whisk in the oil.nToss the watermelon and rum together, set aside. Toss the crab in half of the vinaigrette. Toss the greens and radishes in 13 to 12 of the vinaigrette. Place the greens and watermelon on the plate, sprinkle with pickled watermelon rind, and top with the crabmeat.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 12 cups apple cider vinegar, 12 cup sugar, 1 star anise, 1 teaspoon coriander leaves, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon cloves, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon pink peppercorns, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 stick cinnamon, Pinch red pepper flakes, 12 cup small diced watermelon rind, 12 cup white balsamic vinegar, 3 sprigs mint, 2 tablespoons shallot, minced, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped mint leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 1 small watermelon rind peeled, flesh cut into medium dice, 14 cup rum recommended: Sailor Jerry, 6 ounces jumbo lump blue crabmeat, 34 pounds mizuna, 3 radishes, shaved], title: Watermelon and Crab Salad, picturelink: null}, 15399: {instructions: In a large bowl combine the cabbage, carrots, onions, scallions, horseradish and garlic. In a small bowl, whisk together the creme fraiche, vinegar, mustard and celery seeds. Toss the slaw with the dressing and season everything with salt and pepper. Marinade the slaw for 1 hour.nDrain as desired, depending on the consistency you are looking for., ingredients: [34 cup finely julienned 2inches long green cabbage, 34 cup finely julienned 2inches long carrots, 12 cup finely julienned 1inch long red onions, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced scallions, 1 tablespoon freshly grated horseradish, 12 clove garlic, finely minced, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 1 teaspoon wholegrain mustard, 14 teaspoon celery seeds, toasted, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Vegetable Slaw with Horseradish and Mustard, picturelink: null}, 15400: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring sliced ginger and water to a boil. Remove from heat and steep for 20 minutes. Strain and reserve liquid.nIn a large pitcher, stir to combine the lemonade concentrate, ginger water, ginger ale, and vodka. Serve over ice with a slice of lemon., ingredients: [1 2inch piece fresh ginger, sliced, 2 cups water, 1 12ounce can frozen concentrated lemonade, thawed, 4 12 cups ginger ale, 1 12 cups vodka, Ice cubes, 1 lemon, sliced], title: Cowgirl Cooler, picturelink: YaeVHGUJo3vt84sYTDjNRiXFxUJkqC}, 15401: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the vinegar and syrup. Whisk in the oil and set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine the greens, pecans and currants. Sprinkle with the cheese and season lightly with salt and pepper. Whisk the dressing again and drizzle it over the salad.nToss the salad gently and briefly you do not want the cheese to crumble any further and clump together.nDivide the salad among 4 chilled salad plates. Fan the pear slices over each serving.nPut the pear juice in a saucepan and set over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and skim the thick foam that rises to the surface.nReduce the heat to low and simmer very gently, skimming occasionally, for 30 to 45 minutes, or until the juice reduces to the consistency of maple syrup.nLet cool to room temperature. Use now or cover and refrigerate for up to 3 weeks.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a shallow bowl, stir the tamari and molasses together to blend. Season with cayenne and salt, to taste.nAdd the pecans and toss until they are coated. Transfer the pecans to a clean kitchen towel and let drain briefly.nSpread the pecans on a wire rack set on a baking sheet and roast for about 10 minutes, or until fairly dry and toasted.nRemove from the oven and let cool completely on the rack. Chop the pecans into 14inch pieces., ingredients: [2 tablespoons pear or cider vinegar, 4 teaspoons Pear Syrup, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon ExtraVirgin O Lemon Oil or unflavored extravirgin olive oil, 6 cups mixed bitter salad greens, such as baby mustard, lovage, arugula, dandelion, and mizuna, 14 cup chopped tamari pecans, recipe follows, 14 cup dried currants or chopped raisins, 14 cup crumbled chilled blue cheese recommended: Maytag, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 ripe Asian pear, cored, peeled and thinly sliced, 3 cups pear juice, 1 tablespoon tamari sauce, 2 teaspoons molasses, Cayenne pepper and salt, 1 cup pecan halves], title: Asian Pear Salad with Tamari Pecans and Maytag Blue Cheese, picturelink: null}, 15402: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nFirst, cut the spaghetti squash in half and remove the seeds. Place the squash on a baking sheet and bake for 1 12 hours. As an alternative, place on a plate and cook in the microwave on high power for about 20 minutes.nPut the garlic head on a baking tray. Drizzle with 1 teaspoon olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and put in the oven for 30 minutes or until the garlic is very tender.nIn a bowl, mix the bread crumbs with the milk. Let stand for 5 minutes until all the liquid has been absorbed. Mix in the pine nuts, the eggs, basil, thyme, and parsley. Put aside.nMash the potatoes with the butter, goat cheese, cooked garlic puree and cream to make them nice and smooth. Season the potatoes with salt and pepper.nRemove the spaghetti squash flesh with a fork and put it in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper and put aside.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nFor the vegetables: Heat the remaining oil in a large pan and saute the onions, carrots and celery over medium heat until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and mushrooms and continue cooking until brown, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Add the cooked lentils and the reserved bread crumb mixture. Stir and put aside.nIn an 8 by 11inch20 by 28cm baking dish, spoon the vegetable mixture onto the bottom. Layer with the spaghetti squash, then the mashed potatoes and smooth them down. Cook in the oven for 30 minutes or so, until the top is slightly browned. Garnish with fried shallots, to taste., ingredients: [1 spaghetti squash, Roasted Garlic, 1 head garlic, 14 cup olive oil, Bread Crumbs, 2 cups bread crumbs, 1 cup milk, 14 cup roasted pine nuts, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf parsley, Mashed Potatoes, 5 to 6 Yukon Gold potatoes, boiled, but not peeled, 14 cup melted butter, 12 cup smooth goat cheese, 1 cup 35percent whipping cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetables, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 3 cups sliced mushrooms, 6 cups wild mushrooms, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup dried du puy lentils green, cooked, Fried shallots, for garnish], title: Vegetarian Shepherds Pie, picturelink: null}, 15403: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine pineapple chunks, habanero pepper, and mint leaves. Simmer for 5 minutes. Cool thoroughly and remove mint.nIn a large saute pan, bring 1 cup of corn oil to 325 degrees F. Add wedges of corn tortillas and cook until golden brown on each side, approximately 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nLiberally dust warm corn wedges with sugar and cinnamon mixture.nServe pineapple salsa over ice cream with the fried corn tortillas., ingredients: [1 can pineapple chunks, 1 habanero pepper, minced, 4 fresh mint leaves, cut into chiffonade, 1 cup corn oil, 2 large corn tortillas, cut into wedges, 1 cup sugar and cinnamon mixture], title: Spicy Pineapple Sauce, picturelink: null}, 15404: {instructions: FLATBREAD: Gently heat rosemary or thyme in olive oil for 2 minutes on very low heat. Set aside to cool for 23 minutes. Mix both flours with salt and pepper. Add water to flour mix and beat with a whisk till smooth. Beat in herbinfused olive oil. Allow batter to sit for 20 minutes. Heat a heavy cast iron skillet on mediumhigh heat. Oil lightly. Pour about 14 cup batter into skillet, tipping it so batter thins out into about a 6inch circle. Cook for about 30 seconds until crepe is golden brown on bottom then flip it over with a spatula and cook 1015 seconds more. Remove crepe to plate and keep covered. Repeat.nTAPENADE: In a food processor, combine garlic, capers and olives. Puree until smooth. Add thyme, savory and lemon juice. Season with pepper. Continue to puree while slowly adding olive oil. Stop when you have formed a smooth, spreadable paste., ingredients: [12 tsp. chopped fresh rosemary or thyme, 2 Tbs. olive oil, 1 cup unbleached white flour, 1 cup chickpea flour, 1 tsp. salt, 14 tsp. black pepper coarsely ground, 1 12 cups warm water, oil for frying, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped, 12 cup capers, rinsed, 1 34 cup kalamata olives, pitted, 1 tsp. thyme, fresh, chopped, 1 tsp. oregano, fresh, chopped, 1 Tbs. fresh lemon juice, freshly ground black pepper, olive oil, extra virgin], title: Chickpea Flatbread with Olive Tapenade, picturelink: null}, 15405: {instructions: Special equipment: six 4inch mini pie tins each 34inch deep and a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachmentnFor the fruitcake junkyard brownie: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease six 4inch mini pie tins each 34inch deep with butter and set on a rimmed baking sheet. Line a second baking sheet with parchment or a silicone baking mat.nCube the fruit cake and lay it out on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until dry and crispy, 10 to 15 minutes.nCombine the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, allspice and salt in a medium bowl and set aside.nAdd the dried toasted fruitcake to the bowl of a food processor and pulse until pulverized. Add the fruitcake crumbs, cocoa powder and sugar to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and mix on medium until combined. Add the eggs, vanilla and butter and continue mixing until completely combined. With the mixer running, add the flour mixture until completely combined. Divide the batter evenly among the pie tins, leaving about 14inch of room at the top.nBake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out with fudge crumbs, about 45 minutes. Allow to cool for about 5 minutes and turn out onto serving plates.nFor the spiced orange liqueur and white chocolate ganache: Place the white chocolate chips in a medium heatproof bowl. Heat the cream and orange liquor in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat to a bare simmer. Pour the mixture over the chips and allow to sit for a couple minutes to melt. Stir together, and then stir in the cinnamon and cloves.nFinely dice the candied fruit, if using. Spoon or drizzle some of the white chocolate ganache over each brownie and sprinkle with the diced fruit to serve., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing the pie tins 12 loaf fruitcake about 1 pound, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup cocoa powder, 3 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups white chocolate chips, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 cut candied fruit, for garnish, optional], title: Fruitcake Junkyard Brownie with Spiced Orange Liqueur and White Chocolate, picturelink: ZNXh0TK2rmTRhj1tx8TWoOgFQ9AY6Za}, 15406: {instructions: Cook 1 pound trimmed, halved green beans in salted boiling water until tender, 3 minutes. Drain rinse under cold water. Saute 14 cup sliced almonds in butter in a skillet over medium heat until golden, 2 minutes add a pinch of nutmeg. Stir in the beans and 2 tablespoons water season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, until warmed through, 2 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [], title: Green Beans Almondine, picturelink: 5QplvLts7PtTUcmkorNVS4l7GIE3RP6}, 15407: {instructions: Cook the pasta according to the package directions. Drain and transfer to a large bowl.nMeanwhile, in a blender or food processor, combine the tomatoes, broth, vinegar, garlic, and oregano and process until smooth. Add this to the pasta and toss to combine. Stir in the giardiniera and basil and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper.nServe warm, at room temperature, or chilled., ingredients: [1 12 cups orzo or any small pasta, 1 cup chopped oilpacked sundried tomatoes, 12 cup reducedsodium chicken or vegetable broth, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 cups giardiniera garden vegetable mix, drained, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Orzo Salad with Giardiniera and Sundried Tomato Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 15408: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine soup and salsa. Set pan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Remove from heat and ladle soup into 4 bowls. Top with tortilla chips, sour cream, and scallions just before serving., ingredients: [4 cups prepared tomato soup from can or jar, 12 cup prepared salsa, 12 cup tortilla strips or chips, divided, 4 tablespoon sour cream, 2 teaspoons sliced scallions], title: JazzedUp Tomato Soup, picturelink: MggAyYuMW9OrkHucvp5cMEpKTcmRt.}, 15409: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nCream butter and sugar with an electric mixture until light and fluffy. Heat coffee, water, and chocolate in a saucepan over low heat, stirring often until chocolate has melted entirely. Add coffeechocolate mixture to the creamed sugar and butter. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time until incorporated, and then mix in vanilla extract. Combine flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg in a mixing bowl and stir together with a fork until incorporated. Gradually beat the dry mixture into the wet mixture. Finally, fold in the raisins and walnuts.nButter and lightly dust a bundt pan with flour. Pour batter into pan and bake about 45 to 50 minutes or until a sharp knife point inserted into the cake comes out clean. Let cool to room temperature on a rack before inverting. Dust with confectioners sugar and serve., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, softened, plus more for pan, 2 cups dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon instant coffee, 1 13 cups water, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 5 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for pan, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 34 cup raisins, 1 cup walnuts, Confectioners sugar, for garnish], title: Sticky Chocolate Cake, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 15410: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpread the peanut butter on 4 slices of bread and the raspberry preserves on the other 4 slices. Add the bananas and a nice pile of chips on top of the peanut butter slices sandwich with the raspberry preserve slices.nPlace the eggs and cereal in separate shallow bowls. Heat a 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat and melt 2 tablespoons of the butter. Dip a sandwich in the eggs, then the cinnamon cereal, pressing down to make sure the cereal adheres to both sides. Repeat with the other sandwiches.nIn batches, fry the sandwiches low and slow until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side, adding more butter to the pan as needed. Cut the sandwiches in half on the diagonal and serve., ingredients: [1 cup chunky peanut butter, Eight 1inchthick slices Pullman bread, 1 cup good raspberry preserves, 2 bananas, sliced thin on the bias, 2 cups plain potato chips with ridges, 3 large eggs, beaten, 2 cups cinnamon square cereal, crushed by hand in a resealable plastic bag, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter], title: Crunchy Fried PB and J, picturelink: 8SwmiWgBnuzL1PMchfWGbWmSCOCFwTq}, 15411: {instructions: A 10 x 4inch tube pan or a 9 to 10inch round cake pan with sides at least 3 inches high a removable bottom is helpfulnCheck that one rack is in the middle of the oven and heat the oven to 325 degrees. Pour the egg whites into the bowl in which you will be making the batter. If the pan has a removable bottom, do nothing to it. If it does not, lightly butter the bottom. Line the bottom with waxed paper or parchment paper cut to fit, and lightly butter the paper.nThoroughly mix the flour and 14 cup of the granulated sugar or 12 cup of the confectioners sugar in a small bowl. Have all ingredients and tools at hand.nBeat the egg whites with an electric mixer on medium speed for about 2 minutes, until frothy and well broken up. Add the cream of tartar and increase the speed to mediumhigh. Beat until the whites lose their yellow cast, greatly increase in volume, and start to turn white. With the mixer running, slowly sprinkle the remaining sugar over the whites. Beat until the whites become very thick, very glossy, and white, and the beaters leave a deep trail. Depending on the mixer, this need only take about 3 minutes total. Beat in the lemon juice and vanilla, just enough to mix. Reduce the speed to the lowest possible. Quickly sprinkle the floursugar mixture over the whites. As soon as it is all added, but not completely mixed in, stop the machine and remove the bowl. With a rubber spatula or a large metal spoon, complete mixing in the flour by folding or gently stirring. Stop just as soon as the flour seems blended in. With a rubber spatula, scrape the batter 9 cups into the pan and spread evenly. With the handle of a wooden spoon, trace a circle deep in the batter to release any large air bubbles. Bake until no moist patches remain in the surface cracks, the cake springs back when touched, and a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean  about 50 minutes for a 10 x 3inch pan, 1 hour for a tube pan. Turn the pan upside down on a wire rack. Let cool completely. Loosen the edges and tube with a knife. Turn out the cake, loosen and remove the pan bottom, or peel off the paper. Store airtight 1 day at room temperature before serving or freezing. If you wish, sift confectioners sugar over the top before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups egg whites, 1 cup allpurpose flour, or 1 14 cups cake flour, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, or 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 12 teaspoons cream of tartar, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar], title: LemonVanilla Angel Food Cake, picturelink: null}, 15412: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over moderate heat. Add the meat, onions, carrot and potato and saute until the meat is no longer pink and the vegetables are tender. Remove from the heat and stir in the tomato, cilantro, eggs, capers, salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees. Roll out the chilled pastry to 14 inch thick and cut out 3 inch diameter rounds you should get about 40. Place 2 tablespoons of the filling on half of the rounds, and cover the filling with the remaining half of the rounds. Seal the edges with the tines of a fork. Place the filled empanadas on a baking sheet and bake for 8 to 10 minutes, or until lightly browned., ingredients: [1 tablespoon capers, rinsed, drained and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 recipe Cheese Pastry, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 14 pound ground pork, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and finely chopped, 1 potato, peeled and finely chopped, 1 tomato, peeled, seeded and chopped, 4 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, 2 hardboiled eggs, chopped], title: Colombian Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 15413: {instructions: Fill a large saucepan with 1 gallon water. Season with salt and bring to a boil over high heat. Set a large bowl filled with ice water on the counter.nAdd the green beans to the boiling water and cook until very al dente and still bright green, 3 to 5 minutes.nDrain the green beans and transfer them to the ice water to stop the cooking process.nAllow the beans to cool for 1 minute, then drain again and set aside.nHeat a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the grapeseed oil and the shallots and cook for 30 seconds, then add the green beans, almonds, orange juice and mustard.nContinue to cook until the beans are warmed through but still bright green and slightly al dente, 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle with the orange zest and parsley and serve right away., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound fresh green beans, snipped and cleaned, 1 teaspoon grapeseed oil, 14 cup julienned shallots, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 13 cup fresh orange juice, plus 1 teaspoon fresh orange zest, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped], title: Green Bean Almondine with Citrus Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 15414: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water by 2 inches. Salt the water generously. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook the potatoes until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and put the potatoes in a serving bowl. Drizzle with melted butter and sprinkle with parsley. Toss and serve., ingredients: [1 34 pounds red boiling potatoes, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Boiled Potatoes, picturelink: XUk50pUUwT7K7f1YtuymI0GcIFuFZOq}, 15415: {instructions: Toast 1 sliced baguette in a 350 degrees F oven, 6 to 8 minutes. Spread the pieces with a 10 12 ounce log goat cheese, then top with 14 cup fig jam and 12 cup toasted pepitas.Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Fig, Pepita and Goat Cheese Crostini, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 15416: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees.nSlice tofu into 14inch thick slices. Places slices into a shallow baking dish with the above marinade ingredients. Be sure to coat each slice of tofu well. Marinate for at least 15 minutes or up to 1 hour. Place the tofu slices on a lightly oiled baking sheet and bake 30 minutes or until deep golden brown and crispy on the outside. The marinade can be saved to use again. Be sure to boil the marinade before each additional use.nHeat the toasted sesame oil on a skillet and add the scallions. Saute for 3 to 5 minutes on medium heat until they become soft and becoming translucent. Turn the heat down to low and add the remaining ingredients except the blanched scallion greens incorporating the scallions into the miso. Heat through for 2 minutes, adding a little water if necessary.nMake Asandwiches with the tofu slices, slathering one piece of tofu with the miso scallion mixture and placing another piece of tofu on top. Cut the sandwiches in half for hors doeuvres size or leave whole for main course. If desired, place a piece of nori on top of the tofu Asandwich. Tie the piece together to form a package with the blanched scallion ribbons. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound of tofu, extra firm, 12 cup of soy sauce, 14 cup of water, 12 cup of brown rice syrup, 2 tablespoons of brown rice vinegar, 2 cloves of garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons of grated ginger, 2 tablespoons of toasted sesame oil, 5 bunches of scallions, sliced thinly, 1 tablespoon of toasted sesame oil, 3 tablespoons of white miso, 1 teaspoon of mirin or white wine, 1 teaspoon of rice or maple syrup, 10 green scallion parts, blanched, Nori sheets, optional], title: Marinated Baked Tofu Packages, picturelink: null}, 15417: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the cream in a heatproof bowl, and set the bowl over a pan of simmering water. Cook until heated through. Using a wire whisk, slowly stir the white chocolate into the warm cream until completely melted. Whisk in the liqueur and vanilla. Cover and chill for 1 hour or until pliable but firm enough to scoop. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. With 2 teaspoons or a 1 14inch ice cream scoop, make dollops of the chocolate mixture and place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Refrigerate for about 15 minutes, until firm enough to roll into rough spheres. Place the chopped hazelnuts on a sheet pan and place them in the oven for 8 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Melt the bittersweet chocolate in a heatproof bowl, set over a pan of simmering water. Drizzle the melted bittersweet chocolate over 10 of the truffles. Roll the remaining truffles in the chopped nuts. Chill until ready to serve.nNote: This recipe has been updated and may differ from what was originally published or broadcast., ingredients: [2 tablespoons heavy cream, 7 ounces good white chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons Irish cream liqueur recommended: Baileys, 12 teaspoon good vanilla extract, 12 cup chopped hazelnuts, 6 ounces bittersweet or dark chocolate, chopped], title: White Truffles, picturelink: .SV4Aql82sb6ResCRfPYZt2FH0CA.W}, 15418: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Combine 1 sliced onion, 12 cup olive oil, the vinegar, garlic, lemon slices, scallions, 1 12 tablespoons paprika, the cayenne, rosemary, thyme and 2 teaspoons salt in a large bowl. Set aside at room temperature, 1 hour.nSpread the remaining 3 sliced onions in a large disposable roasting pan. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil and sprinkle with 12 tablespoon paprika and 1 teaspoon salt.nCombine the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and 12 tablespoon paprika in a small bowl. Rinse the fish and pat dry. Rub all over with the olive oilpaprika mixture. Stuff the cavity super full with the marinated onionherb mixture, adding anything that doesnt fit to the disposable pan.nBrush the grill grates generously with vegetable oil. Sprinkle the fish on one side with 12 teaspoon salt place saltside down on the grill and cook until charred on the bottom, 4 to 5 minutes. Sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt gently flip and cook until the other side is charred, 4 to 5 more minutes. Transfer the fish to a baking sheet and let rest, uncovered, 10 minutes. Meanwhile, transfer the disposable pan with the onions to the grill. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions begin to soften, 8 to 10 minutes.nRemove the pan with the onions and reduce the grill heat to medium if using a charcoal grill, break up the coals to reduce the heat. Add the fish to the pan, bellyside down, making sure you dont spill the stuffing use your hands to hold him together. Once he is settled, push more onions around him to prop him up. Add 34 cup water to the pan place on the grill, cover and cook until the flesh is opaque, firm and slightly flaky, 20 to 25 minutes.nTo serve, use a large spoon to pull the flesh from the bonesit will fall off easily. Serve with the grilled onion mixture.nDuff says to make sure you save the fish cheeks for your favorite friend at the tabletheyre sweet and tender.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [4 large red onions, thinly sliced, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 head garlic, cloves separated and peeled, 1 lemon, thinly sliced, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 2 12 tablespoons sweet Spanish paprika, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 2 to 3 sprigs rosemary, 2 to 3 sprigs thyme, Kosher salt, 1 3to6pound whole fish such as striper, rockfish or sea bass, cleaned and scaled, Vegetable oil, for brushing], title: SpanishStyle Grilled Fish, picturelink: LICfMI4aLuuiXQ9RWQ.ujdQH7g4lMPe}, 15419: {instructions: In a medium pot, add the eggs and cover with water. Bring to a full boil over medium heat, then cover the pot and turn off the heat. Let the eggs stand 10 minutes. Rinse under cold water, then roll and crack the shells. Put the eggs into cold water a few minutes to loosen the shells. Peel and chop the eggs and put them into a small bowl.nAdd the potatoes to a large pot and cover with water. Bring the potatoes to a boil over medium heat and salt the water. Cook until tender, about 12 to 15 minutes.nWarm the chicken stock in small pot over low heat while the potatoes cook.nDrain the potatoes, put them into a serving bowl and douse them with stock while very hot. Grate the onion over the potatoes. Stir in the chile pepper, celery, paprika, parsley and salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, Worcestershire, hot sauce and oil.nAdd the eggs to the potato salad and pour in the dressing. Toss to combine and serve., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 1 12 pounds small Yukon gold potatoes, halved and quartered, Salt, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 small onion, peeled, 1 small red chile seeded and finely chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 1 teaspoon paprika, 13 palmful, A small handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 rounded tablespoons yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Deviled Potato and Egg Salad, picturelink: null}, 15420: {instructions: Place cauliflower in a medium shallow pot or pan. Add stock, cover and place pot over high heat. When liquid boils, reduce heat to simmer and cook covered 10 minutes. Remove cover, raise heat to medium high and allow the broth to reduce by half, 2 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces and the cheeses and smash the cauliflower with a masher to the same consistency as desired for mashed potatoes. Season the cauliflower with black pepper, a pinch of salt and nutmeg.nTurn broiler on. Brush meat with Worcestershire and season with salt and pepper. Cook London broil on top rack for 6 minutes on each side, for medium rare to medium doneness.nWhile steak and cauliflower cook, heat a second large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add oil, 2 turns of the pan, and ham. Sear ham and caramelize at edges, 2 minutes.nAdd chard and wilt the greens into the pan then season with salt, pepper and a dash of nutmeg, optional. Cook 5 to 7 minutes more, turning frequently with tongs then add vinegar to the pan and a drizzle of honey. Turn to coat the greens, adjust seasoning and transfer to a serving dish.nRemove meat from broiler and let it rest 5 minutes.nPlace a small skillet over medium heat. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter, add finely chopped shallot, cook 2 minutes, then whisk in flour and cook 1 minute. Add 2 cups beef broth to the pan and bring to a bubble. Reduce the broth 2 minutes then add 14 cup steak sauce and black pepper, to taste.nVery thinly slice the meat on an angle against the grain the lines in the meat. The degree to which you can slice thinly slice the meat will determine how tender it is to cut and chew, so make sure the carving knife is sharp u00bf the thinner the betternServe sliced London broil with steak sauce gravy all over it and smashed cauliflower and red chard with ham piled up alongside the meat., ingredients: [1 large head cauliflower, cut into florets, 3 cups chicken stock, 4 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup shredded white extrasharp Vermont Cheddar recommended: Cabot brand, 14 cup grated Parmigiano, Coarse black pepper and salt, A generous grating nutmeg, 1 12 pounds shoulder London broil steak, 1 12 inches thick, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil or olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 12 pound ham, chopped, 6 cups chopped red chard, 1 large bundle, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups beef broth, 14 cup steak sauce recommended: A1 or Lea and Perrins brands], title: London Broil with Steak Sauce Gravy, Smashed Cauliflower with Cheese, Ham and Red Chard, picturelink: null}, 15421: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill the bottom of large wine glasses with a mixture of the berries. Pour wine in to cover and let stand 10 minutes. Top glasses with seltzer when you are ready to serve., ingredients: [12 pint blackberries, 12 pint raspberries, 1 bottle, 750 ml, dry red Italian table wine, 1 quart sparkling water or seltzer, chilled], title: Red Wine Spritzers, picturelink: FJTXDl7jqVCYPVVv5rqxqhHQ7MVSEvm}, 15422: {instructions: Drain the block of tofu and slice into 2inch by 4inch pieces, then leave on the chopping board or transfer to a tray.nIn a bowl, add the lemongrass, chile, garlic, salt, sugar, and pepper. Mix all the ingredients together. With a sharp knife, cut an x 13 deep on the top of each square, then gently stuff the tofu squares with the mixture.nHeat a large frying pan over the mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and panfry each side of the tofu for 3 minutes, or until browned and crisp.nGarnish the fried tofu with coriander cilantro sprigs and serve with jasmine rice., ingredients: [16 ounces silken or firm tofu, 1 lemongrass stem, white part only, finely chopped, 1 birds eye chile, finely chopped See Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 fresh coriander cilantro sprigs, Jasmine rice, to serve], title: Crisp Silken Tofu Crusted in Lemongrass and Chile: Dau Hu Xa Ot, picturelink: null}, 15423: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the shrimp and sear on both sides until golden brown, about 1 minute per side. Remove the shrimp to a plate.nAdd the poblano pepper to pan and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more. Add the shrimp stock, bring to a boil, and reduce by half. Add the shrimp back to the pan, stir in the butter, lime juice, and cilantro, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spoon over Dirty Rice onk a platter and sprinkle with the peanuts.nIn a large saucepan over high heat, heat the oil until almost smoking and saute the shrimp shells and tails, onion, carrot and celery for 5 minutes, stirring. Add the water, wine, tomato, and bay leaf. Reduce the heat to medium, partially cover and simmer for 40 minutes. Strain through cheesecloth or a fine strainer.nYield: 4 to 5 cupsnHeat olive oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the chicken livers to the pan and sear on both sides until golden brown do not cook through, they will continue cooking in the rice.nRemove the livers with a slotted spoon to a cutting board, let cool slightly and coarsely chop.nAdd the onions, peppers, celery, garlic, and serrano chile to the pan and cook until golden brown. Stir in the rice and cook for 2 minutes. Add the stock, maple syrup, chicken livers and season with salt and pepper, stir well and bring to a boil. Cover the pan, reduce the heat to medium, and continue cooking for 12 to15 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the parsley and thyme and fluff with a fork., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 24 medium Gulf shrimp, shell removed and deveined, 1 poblano pepper, quartered and thinly sliced, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 cups shrimp stock, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 14 cup chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup chopped peanuts, Dirty Rice, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cups shells and tails from raw shrimp, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 1 small carrot, coarsely chopped, 12 medium celery stalk, coarsely chopped, 6 cups water, 1 cup white wine, 1 ripe medium tomato, chopped or 12 cup canned plum tomatoes, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound chicken livers, 1 large red onion, finely diced, 1 yellow pepper, finely diced, 1 red pepper finely diced, 1 stalk celery, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 serrano chile, finely diced, 2 cups long grain rice, 4 12 cups homemade chicken stock or low sodium canned stock, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 14 cup chopped fresh flat leaf parsley, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme], title: Gulf Shrimp with Peanuts and Green Chile Slices with Dirty Rice, picturelink: null}, 15424: {instructions: Season the pork loin and brown in a heavy skillet. Remove from skillet and add onions, celery, sauerkraut, and spare ribs, and stock. Cover and simmer 45 minutes without sausage and pork loin. Add the sausage, pork and the remaining ingredients and cook for an additional 45 minutes or until the pork is completely done., ingredients: [34 pound pork loin, 14 cup sliced onions, 18 cup sliced celery, 2 pints sauerkraut, 34 pound spare ribs, 2 cups veal stock, 34 pound sausage, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 12 juniper berries, 12 teaspoon caraway seeds, 1 apple, peeled and sliced, 2 potatoes, peeled and diced small, Salt and pepper, 2 teaspoons brown sugar], title: Amish Pork Sampler with Sauerkraut and Apples, picturelink: null}, 15425: {instructions: Whisk together vinegar, mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Whisk in the olive oil until combined. Fold in the crumbled blue cheese. Add the frisee and toss well to coat the frisee with the dressing. Season with more black pepper, to taste.nHeat a little of the butter in a small nonstick skillet over medium heat. Gently crack an egg into a small dish, and then add to the pan with the butter and cook until the white is set and the yellow is slightly firm, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and then gently turn the egg over and continue cooking for 1 minute. The yolk should still be slightly runny. Repeat with remaining butter and eggs.nPlace the bread on a flat surface and top each with 14 of the frisee mixture, followed by 2 slices of prosciutto, and then an egg. Place a thin slice of blue cheese on top of the egg and garnish with ground black pepper. Place another piece of bread on top. Repeat to make a total of 4 sandwiches., ingredients: [3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 3 tablespoons pure olive oil, 14 pound Cabrales blue cheese, crumbled, plus 4 thin slices blue cheese, 14 pound frisee, washed and dried, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 large eggs, 8 slices ciabatta or Italian bread, 8 thin slices prosciutto], title: Fried Egg, Prosciutto, Frisee and Blue Cheese on Ciabatta, picturelink: null}, 15426: {instructions: In a large heavy pot heat oil over medium high heat. Stir in the onion and cook for 3 minutes or until tender. Stir in spices and cook until aroma is released. Stir in carrots, potatoes and squash and toss to coat. Cook vegetables for 5 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and water. If necessary add enough water so that all the vegetables are submerged. Bring to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes. Stir in zucchini and continue to cook for 20 more minutes. Stir in the chickpeas and season with salt and pepper, Tabasco and cilantro. Serve hot with couscous and warm pita bread., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon allspice, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 2 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 4 carrots, peeled and cut into 1 pieces, 2 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into large chunks, 1 small butternut squash, peeled, seeded, cut into 1 chunks, 2 cups chopped whole plum tomatoes with juices, 2 cups water, 2 small zucchini, cut into 1 pieces, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, Salt and pepper, Tabasco to taste, 12 cup chopped cilantro], title: Moroccan Vegetables with Couscous, picturelink: null}, 15427: {instructions: For the meatballs: In a large mixing bowl, mix together the milk, bread, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper to make a panade. Whisk in the cheese, parsley and eggs until uniform. Add in the chuck, pork and veal and, using your hands, mix together until combined. Do not overwork Do a tiny test meatball to gauge seasoning. Once the mixture is properly seasoned, roll it into twelve 3inch meatballs.nFor the sauce: Heat the olive oil in large Dutch oven over medium heat until shimmering. Add the sausage and brown on each side until golden, about 5 minutes. Set aside. Next, brown all sides of the meatballs until dark brown, about 5 minutes a side. Set aside. Drain out all but 2 tablespoons of the rendered fat.nAdd the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and golden around the edges, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the Italian seasoning and garlic and cook, stirring constantly, until the garlic is fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the wine and deglaze the pan, scraping up any bits. Season with salt and pepper.nAdd the tomatoes and increase the heat to medium high. Add the sausage, meatballs and neck bones and bring to a gentle simmer. Cook with the lid on until the meatballs are no longer pink in the middle and are about 170 degrees F, about 1 hour. Remove the sausage and meatballs from the sauce leave in the neck bones and refrigerate.nSimmer the sauce, uncovered, until the neck bone meat is fallingoffthe bone tender, skimming the fat off the top and stirring frequently, another 3 hours. After about 2 12 hours, remove the sausage and meatballs from the refrigerator to come back to room temperature.nAdd the sausage and meatballs back to the sauce and bring to a simmer again for 10 minutes to heat the meat up. Add salt and pepper to taste, then add the fresh basil just before serving.nServe on top of a mound of mostaccioli or rigatoni, with a side of hot giardiniera., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 4 slices white bread, torn into little pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese, 1 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 3 large eggs, 2 pounds ground chuck, 1 pound ground pork, 1 pound ground veal if you dont like veal, just use more beef, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound hot Italian sausage links, 1 medium onion, finely chopped about 1 cup, 2 teaspoons dry Italian seasoning, 4 medium cloves garlic, minced or pressed through a garlic press about 2 teaspoons, 13 cup dry red wine, such as Chianti or merlot, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Three 28ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 2 pounds pork neck bones, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh basil], title: The Mauro Family Sunday Gravy, picturelink: KAiGaCzPevHoMZ4xBslz2H1WBrLj3Ky}, 15428: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove the husks of the corn but leave the core attached at the end so you have something to hold onto. Grill the corn on a hot grill or cast iron griddle pan until slightly charred. Turn it so it gets cooked evenly all over. Mix the mayonnaise, sour cream and cilantro together. Grate the Parmesan in another bowl. While the corn is still warm slather with mayonnaise mix. Squeeze lime juice over the corn and shower with Parmesan. Season with chili powder and serve with extra lime wedges., ingredients: [4 ears corn, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 12 cups sour cream, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 lime, juiced, Red chili powder, to taste, 2 limes cut into wedges, for garnish], title: Mexican Grilled Corn, picturelink: qbasS7vhRNudxbnkAW7uqtXrol0W}, 15429: {instructions: Thoroughly pick crabmeat. Make sure not to mash the crabmeat. Mix mayonnaise, eggs and mustard and bread crumbs together. Sprinkle lemon juice on top of the crabmeat and toss together. Mix crabmeat with mayonnaise mixture and fold gently. Sprinkle mixture with Old Bay seasoning and parsley.nForm crab cake mixture into 3.5ounce balls, and flatten slightly.nBake on lightly oiled baking pan at 375 degrees F for 12 minutes or to light brown in color., ingredients: [1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, 1 pound backfin crabmeat, 8 ounces mayonnaise, 2 eggs, large, 3 ounces Dijon mustard, 2 ounces Japanese bread crumbs, 1ounce fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Old Bay seasoning, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped parsley], title: Camden Yards Crabcakes, picturelink: null}, 15430: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToast the bread for about 5 minutes then set aside to cool.nCombine half the salmon and all the cream cheese in a blender or food processor and puree. Spread a thin layer of the cream cheese mixture on each slice of bread. Spoon the remaining spread into a piping bag fitted with a star tip, if desired.nTop each slice of bread with smoked salmon. Using a 3inch oval cutter cut out about 16 sandwiches. Pipe rosettes of the cream cheese mixture onto each of the sandwiches, and then press parsley around the edge of each oval of bread.nArrange the sandwiches on 4 plates. Garnish the sandwiches with cucumber and salmon roe and serve., ingredients: [8 slices rye bread, 14 pound smoked salmon, sliced, 8 ounces cream cheese, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 1 English cucumber, sliced or cut into fans, 14 cup salmon roe], title: Open Faced Salmon Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 15431: {instructions: Heat oil in medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add onion and saute until just beginning to soften. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Stir in tomatoes and lemon juice. Bring to simmer, remove from heat. Combine sundried tomatoes and next 5 ingredients in processor. Process until vegetables are finely chopped. Transfer to medium bowl, stir in tomato mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with vegetables.nBaby carrots Radishes Fresh green beans Yellow and red pear tomatoes Red, yellow peppers Pita chips, ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 cup canned crushed tomatoes with added puree, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 14 cup coarsely chopped drained oilpacked sundried tomatoes, 14 cup pitted green olives, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, 4 large drained canned artichoke hearts, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons toasted pine nuts], title: Crudite with Mediterranean Relish, picturelink: null}, 15432: {instructions: Preheat a broiler or a lightly oiled stovetop grill pan.nBring the water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Salt the water, add the vinegar, and then lower the heat so the water barely bubbles. One at a time, break the eggs into a custard cup or small bowl, and then pour into the water, trying not to break the yolks. With a slotted spoon, gently lift and shape the whites around the egg yolks until glazed but still liquid, about 2 12 minutes longer.nWhile the eggs poach, toast the bread slices on both sides. Put a slice of toast on each of 2 plates. Immediately top with the prosciutto so that it softens from the heat of the toast. Lift the poached eggs out of the water with a slotted spoon, letting excess water drip off, and then place an egg on each toast. Drizzle each toast with 2 teaspoons chive oil and then grind a little black pepper over each. Serve immediately.nChive Oil:n2 cups coarsely chopped fresh chivesn1 cup olive oilnPlace chives and olive oil in a blender and puree. Strain through a finemesh strainer. Pour through a funnel into a bottle for storage. Cover and refrigerate. Use within 2 weeks.nYield: 34 cup, ingredients: [About 1 12 quarts water, Salt, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 2 eggs, room temperature, 2 slices countrystyle bread, each 12inch thick, 2 thin slices prosciutto, 4 teaspoons chive oil, recipe follows, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Eggs and Ham, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 15433: {instructions: Line a 9 inch pie plate with half of the pastry. Brush the inside with some of the egg white. Skin the pieces of the breast and other meat if necessary and parboil them gently in salted water for 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and cool. In a mixing bowl, combine the minced beef, suet, salt and pepper to taste, the egg yolks and half of the spice mixture. Add the rest of the spices to the dried fruit in another bowl. Slice the parboiled meat.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of the beef stock to the rice flour or corn flour in small saucepan and cream them together. Stir in the remaining stock and stir over gentle heat until thickened. Remove from the heat and set aside. Cover the bottom of the lined pastry pan with half of the minced mixture. Arrange the sliced meat in a layer over the top. Scatter the chopped spiced fruit over it and cover the remaining minced meat. Pour the thickened stock over the top. Roll out the remaining pastry into a round to make a lid for the pie. Brush the rim of the case with a little more egg white and cover with the lid. Press the edges to seal, and make escape slits for steam. Decorate with the pastry trimmings and glaze with the egg white. Bake for 15 minutes, then reduce the heat to 325 degrees F and bake for 45 to 50 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool slightly before serving. Slice into individual pieces and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound shortcrust pastry, 1 egg white, beaten until liquid, 1 pound boned chicken breast, pigeon or wild duck andor saddle of hare or rabbit, 1 pound minced beef, 2 tablespoons shredded suet, Salt, Freshly ground pepper, 3 hard boiled egg yolks, crumbled, Spice mixture made of 14 teaspoon each ground cinnamon and mace and a pinch of ground cloves, 1ounce stone cooking dates, chopped, 1ounce currants, 2 ounces stoned prunes, soaked and drained, 12 cup beef stock, 1 tablespoon rice flour or corn flour], title: a Great Pye, picturelink: null}, 15434: {instructions: Make the crust: Position a rack in the bottom third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a baking sheet and bake until lightly toasted, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a plate and let cool.nPulse the toasted pecans, flour, sugar and salt in a food processor until the nuts are finely chopped. Add the butter and pulse about 4 times to coat the flour. Pulse in the cream cheese until the dough looks like coarse crumbs and just holds together when pinched. Pulse in the egg and ice water just until the mixture is slightly moist. The dough will be crumbly do not overwork it. Turn out onto a piece of plastic wrap and pat into a disk, using the plastic wrap to help you. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Dust the top of the dough with flour and press and roll out into a 14inch round on a lightly floured surface. Transfer to the baking sheet. Its OK if the dough is larger than the baking sheet u00bf youll fold in the edge. Pinch together any cracks in the dough.nMake the filling: Toss the pears, cranberries, sugar, flour, orange zest, cinnamon, allspice, nutmeg, salt and butter in a large bowl. Spread the filling over the dough, mounding it slightly in the center and leaving a 2inch border. Fold the edge of the dough over the filling, pleating as needed. Brush the edge with water and sprinkle with sugar.nBake until the filling is soft and bubbling and the crust is golden brown, about 1 hour. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely, at least 4 hours.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [13 cup pecans, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 5 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 5 ounces cold cream cheese, cut into small pieces, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon ice water, 3 ripe pears such as Bosc or Anjou, peeled and cut into small chunks, 1 12 cups cranberries fresh or frozen, 34 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest optional, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground allspice, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Pinch of kosher salt, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces], title: CranberryPear Galette with Pecan Crust, picturelink: U7TByj2yQrTVIdX4l1q.F6psqwBbH1O}, 15435: {instructions: Special equipment: 9inch fluted tart pan with removable bottomnCrust: Whisk the flour, cocoa, salt and baking soda together in a medium bowl. Put the butter, confectioners and brown sugar in a food processor and process until smooth and creamy. Add the dry ingredients and pulse to combine. Add the egg yolks and continue to pulse to make a smooth dough. Remove the blade, and turn dough out onto a large sheet of plastic wrap, form into a disk, and wrap tightly. Refrigerate at least 1 hour or up to 2 days.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Put the chocolate in a medium bowl. Put the cream and sweetened condensed milk in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Alternatively, heat the cream and milk in the microwave. Pour the cream over the chocolate and whisk until smooth and shiny. Whisk in the eggs and vanilla until smooth. Cover, and set aside at room temperature.nPlace the dough between 2 pieces of waxed or parchment paper and roll into a circle about 14inch thick. Refrigerate for 15 minutes.nPosition a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Peel off a piece of parchment from the dough, then gently flip dough into tart pan, peeling away the rest of parchment. Carefully press dough into the tart pan so that it sits evenly in the pan. Trim excess dough from the edges, if needed. Line the crust with wax paper or lightly sprayed parchment paper and fill with pie weights or baking beans see photo.nPlace tart shell on a baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes. Remove the paper and weights and continue to bake until the crust sets and looks a little dull a sign it is cooked, about 5 minutes more. Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nRemove tart pan from oven and spread the dulce de leche evenly over the warm crust. Then top with the chocolate filling. Bake until the filling sets around edges but is still slightly wobbly in the center, about 25 to 30 minutes. Cool completely.nServe. For a final flourish, sprinkle lightly with gray salt just before serving, if desired.n Make dough and freeze for up to a month ahead.n Form, bake and freeze crust, tightly wrapped, for up to 1 week.n Assemble and refrigerate up to 2 days, tightly wrapped.nCopyright 2007 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 8 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced 1 stick, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup light brown sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 12 pound quality semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 23 cup heavy cream, 13 cup sweetened condensed milk, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 23 cup prepared dulce de leche, 12 teaspoon medium gray salt or other quality sea salt, optional], title: Double Chocolate Tart with Dulce de Leche, picturelink: KWNVXuCvBgna0DrWZB4zcjSGk.DMZnW}, 15436: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large, heavy skillet heat 3 tablespoons olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, onions, and garlic. Cook, stirring frequently until the mushrooms are tender and the onions are golden. Transfer the mushroom mixture to a medium bowl and let the mixture cool slightly. Add the prosciutto, parsley, Parmesan, salt, and pepper and stir to combine.nGently pull apart the leaves of the trimmed artichokes to slightly widen the spaces between the leaves. Stuff the mushroom mixture in the spaces between the artichoke leaves. Place the artichokes in a heavy, highsided pan so they fit snugly enough to stay upright. Pour the wine and 1 cup of water into the bottom of the pan. Pour the 14 cup of olive oil over the top of the artichokes. Place the pan over mediumhigh heat. Cover the pan and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 45 minutes, until the artichokes are tender. Remove from the pot and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, plus 14 cup, 1 pound button or Roman mushrooms, trimmed and chopped about 4 cups, 1 onion, diced, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 4 slices prosciutto about 2 ounces, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 4 fresh artichokes, trimmed and cleaned, 2 cups white wine], title: GenoveseStyle Artichokes, picturelink: Rh68iVKrUWBY9Jp6izUnz.SC3a.0dqu}, 15437: {instructions: Preheat grill. Using side burner or top of grill. Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan. Add 12 leeks and fennel and cook until soft. Add the thyme and barley and cook for 1 minute. Place the broth and saffron in a large saucepan and bring to a simmer. Begin by adding 2 cups of the stock and stir until the barley has absorbed the stock. Add the remaining leeks and fennel and 4 cups of the broth. Cook until barley is tender and the mixture is creamy, stirring often, about 30 minutes, during the last 10 minutes add the asparagus. If the mixture appears dry, add the remaining 1 cup of stock. Add the lima beans and spinach and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from heat and add cheese, salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large leek, white and pale green parts only finely chopped, 1 fennel bulb, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, finely chopped, 2 12 cups pearl barley, 7 cups vegetable stock, Pinch of saffron threads, 10 spears asparagus, trimmed and sliced into 14inch pieces on bias, 1 cup fresh or frozen lime beans frozen, thawed, fresh blanched in boiling salted water, drained, 12 pound baby spinach, trimmed and cut into chiffonade, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Barley Risotto with Lima Beans, Asparagus and Spinach, picturelink: null}, 15438: {instructions: Place melon cubes in a single layer on a baking sheet. Cover and freeze 30 minutes or until firm. Position knife blade in food processor bowl. Add frozen melon, sherbet, and lime juice. Process until smooth. Pour into glasses. Garnish with strawberries, if desired. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 12 cups cubed honeydew melon about 1 small, 1 12 cups lime sherbet, 2 Tbs. lime juice, fresh strawberries optional], title: MelonLime Cooler, picturelink: null}, 15439: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in a glass bowl and mix well. It is best to let this stand for at least 1 hour to allow the flavors to marry. Drain the salsa of excess liquid and serve., ingredients: [6 large tomatoes, brunoise or small dice, 4 green onions, white and green parts, diced, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves minced, 1 large jalapeno pepper, brunoise or small dice, 1 large ripe mango, peeled and small dice, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 or 3 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, drained and brunoise or small dice recommended: Embasa brand, 1 lime, juiced, about 2 tablespoons, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chipotle Mango Pico de Gallo de los Vaqueros, picturelink: null}, 15440: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine baking mix, eggs, milk and coffee creamer. Whisk until smooth. Set aside.nIn a deepfryer, heat oil to 375 degrees F.nCover the bottom of a funnel with your finger. Ladle 12 cup of batter into funnel. Holding funnel over oil, slowly release finger and move in a spiral motion, then cross over to create crisscross pattern. Fry golden on both sides, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels and dust with confectioners sugar.nAlternate method: Instead of using a funnel, try squeezing batter out of a plastic ketchup bottle. This can help you make the design more accurate and is also less messy., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose baking mix, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup milk, 1 cup liquid vanilla coffee creamer, or other flavor of your choice, Vegetable oil, for frying, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Funnel Cakes, picturelink: null}, 15441: {instructions: Slice the stems off the mushrooms so they can lay completely flat. Slice each cap in half to form 8 round slices.nSpray a large nonstick grill pan with cooking spray and preheat over medium high heat.nTop the bottom half of the mushrooms with tomatoes and cheese. Cap with remaining mushroom rounds. Brush the top sides of each sandwich with oil. Place mushroom sandwiches in the pan oil side down and cook for 2 minutes. Brush the top with oil, flip and cook for 2 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [4 portobello mushroom caps about 2 ounces each, Vegetable cooking spray, 4 sundried tomatoes not oilpacked, chopped, 14 cup crumbled gorgonzola cheese, 1 tablespoon plus one teaspoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Portobello Panini, picturelink: null}, 15442: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBoil the potatoes in water with 1 teaspoon of salt until tender. Drain the potatoes and cool to room temperature. Process the potatoes with remaining ingredients in a blender and pour into a greased 9 by 13inch casserole pan.nBake in the oven for 1 hour or until set and lightly browned., ingredients: [3 pounds sweet potatoes, cubed, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups softened butter, 6 large eggs, 12 cup selfrising flour, 3 cups sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg], title: Sweet Potato Souffle, picturelink: null}, 15443: {instructions: For the crust: In a food processor, mix the shredded coconut and pecan cookies. Slowly add the melted butter. Place the mixture into a 10inch springform tin to form the crust.nFor the filling: In a mixer, soften the cream cheese and raw cane sugar until smooth. Slowly add the cream of coconut and rum. In a small bowl, mix the powdered gelatin and 14 cup water until firm and then microwave until it liquefies. Add the gelatin mixture to the cream cheese mixture. Add the heavy whipping cream until fully mixed. Pour into the prepared springform tin. Chill in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours., ingredients: [1 cup shredded sweetened coconut, One 16ounce packet pecan shortbread cookies, 1 stick butter, melted, 1 pound cream cheese, 1 cup raw cane sugar, One 15ounce can cream of coconut, such as Coco Lopez, 1 12 ounces 1 shot coconut rum, such as Malibu, 3 teaspoons powdered gelatin, 2 cups heavy whipping cream], title: Easy Joes Coconut Mousse Cake, picturelink: null}, 15444: {instructions: Heat grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet. When the oil begins to shimmer, add the onion and garlic and saute until the onion turns translucent. Reduce heat to medium and add the zucchini, yellow squash, oregano, salt, and pepper, and stir to coat. Cover and gently cook for about 15 minutes, then add the corn, cover and cook for about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, make a slurry by adding the flour to a small bowl and gradually whisking in 3 tablespoons of the milk reserving the rest of the milk for the eggs. Whisk tomato paste into the slurry until smooth. Gently stir the slurry into the squash mixture to thicken. Further cook uncovered until the squash is tender and the flour is cooked out, about 5 more minutes. Remove pan from heat and let cool to room temperature.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat butter over medium heat in another large skillet or the same one if you have removed the vegetables and washed it. In a small bowl whisk 2 eggs and 1 tablespoon milk together at a time reserving the rest of the eggs and milk. Spread the melted butter over the bottom of the pan and pour in the eggs, swirling to coat the bottom. Cook as you would a crepe, loosening the edges and flipping to brown both sides. When just cooked, transfer to the bottom of a lasagne dish as the bottom layer and trim and rearrange the egg to fit. Spoon 14 of the squash mixture evenly over the eggs, followed by 14 of the sliced tomatoes and 12 cup of the shredded cheese. Repeat by whisking 2 more eggs with 1 tablespoon of milk and cooking to make a sheet of egg for the next layer, followed by squash, tomato and cheese each time, until you have completed 4 layers.nHeat in the oven for about 20 minutes until the cheese is melted. Remove from oven and let rest 10 minutes before slicing into squares.nServe sprinkled with a dollop of sour cream and minced fresh parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 large white onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and minced, 1 medium zucchini, sliced into 14inch thick slices, 1 medium yellow squash, sliced into 14inch thick slices, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 16ounce package frozen white corn, defrosted, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 7 tablespoons milk 3 tablespoons for the slurry and 4 tablespoons for the eggs, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 4 tablespoons butter, 8 eggs, 3 large ripe tomatoes, sliced, 2 cups shredded Monterey jack cheese, 34 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley leaves], title: Frittata Lasagna, picturelink: SVdL0xSGBEfHou9XWIoB.CE9PwUpxe}, 15445: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMash 6 hardboiled egg yolks, 34 cup mayonnaise, 1 12 teaspoons truffle oil and a pinch of cayenne. Mix in 1 tablespoon chopped jarred black truffles, if desired. Spoon into the egg whites and top with chopped chives.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Truffled Deviled Eggs, picturelink: A25OlSP.PYpQDhVTybxC.wfrAsoJoPq}, 15446: {instructions: Cut the top 14 off 4 pumpkins, reserving the lids. Cut the remaining 4 pumpkins in half. Reserve seeds from 2 pumpkins.nBake the pumkins, cut side down, on lightly oiled baking sheets in a preheated 350 degree oven for 40 minutes or until they are tender. When they are cool enough to handle, scrape all the pulp out of the halved pumpkins. Scrape most of the pulp out of the remaining pumpkins, leaving just enough in each pumpkin so that it retains its shape.nIn a skillet cook the onion in butter over low heat, stirring, until the onion is softened. Add the pumpkin pulp, the chicken stock and the water and simmer the mixture for 20 minutes.nPuree the mixture in batches in a blender and transfer it to a saucepan. Stir in salt and pepper to taste and water to thin the soup if necessary.nReduce the oven heat to 250 degrees. In a bowl, toss the reserved seeds with the oil and salt to taste and spread them out on an ungreased baking sheet. Bake the seeds in the middle of the oven, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour to 1 12 hours or until they are golden and crisp.nHeat the soup and warm the hollowed out pumpkin shells in the oven. Arrange the shells in 4 soup plates, fill each shell with some of the soup and ladle some additional soup around each shell. Sprinkle some crumbled blue cheese and toasted pumpkin seeds on top of each soup and serve with the lid on top, ingredients: [8 mini pumpkins, 1 cup thinly sliced onion, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 12 cups water, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 4 tablespoon blue cheese], title: Mini Pumpkin Soup with Blue Cheese and Toasted Pumpkin Seeds, picturelink: null}, 15447: {instructions: Prepare Farm Rich Buffalo Style Boneless Chicken Bites according to package directions tossing in buffalo sauce.nPlace one Chicken Bite in the center of each avocado half and drizzle with ranch dressing. Garnish with celery leaves optional., ingredients: [Farm Rich Buffalo Style Boneless Chicken Bites, Small avocados, halved, pitted, and peeled, Ranch dressing, Celery leaves for garnish optional], title: Buffalo Chicken Stuffed Avocados, picturelink: AbHiwYWMlJZWhCJc.bJwxgYiijTITuG}, 15448: {instructions: Heat pan and add olive oil. Add onions, garlic, green peppers and salt and pepper. Cook slightly till tender.nAdd remaining ingredients. Simmer for a bit till nice and semithick in texture. Remove from heat and cool.nMixture can either be pureed or strained before applying to chicken, which is what this recipe was created for. Big winner at Buccaneer tailgating events. Enjoy, ingredients: [Ketchup, Soy sauce, Balsalmic vinegar, A dash of lemon juice, Brown sugar, 2 cloves garlic, 1 onion, 1 green pepper, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 mangos, pureed], title: Barbecued Mango Madnessthe RunnerUp of Foodtv.Coms Championship CookOff, picturelink: null}, 15449: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg.nIn another bowl, beat the eggs and then whisk in the milk and vanilla.nMelt the butter in a large castiron skillet or griddle over medium to mediumlow heat.nWhisk the butter into the milk mixture, add to the flour mixture, and whisk until a thick batter is just formed.nKeeping the skillet at medium to medium low heat, ladle about 14 cup of the batter onto the skillet, to make a pancake. Make one or two more pancakes, taking care to keep them evenly spaced apart. Cook, until bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, and the undersides are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip with a spatula and cook about 1 minute more on the second side. Serve immediately or transfer to a platter and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining batter, adding more butter to the skillet as needed., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as needed, 2 large eggs, room temperature, 1 14 cups milk, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Flapjacks, picturelink: J9mBB528cxtsmw3tt6KGcHS2XKlmwiS}, 15450: {instructions: Bring 2 cups of water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the cranberries, remove from the heat and let rest 1 hour, drain, reserving the soaking liquid and place in the bowl of a food processor. Add the pine nuts, cinnamon, cloves, brown sugar, cascabel powder, and a few tablespoons of the soaking liquid. Pulse until coarsely chopped, remove to a bowl and stir in the cilantro.nPlace the tenderloin on a work surface and season on both sides with salt and pepper to taste. Spread a thin layer of the stuffing down the center, fold each side over the filling, and tie with a butchers twine and dredge lightly in the flour.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat the oil in an ovenproof saute pan until smoking. Saute the tenderloin on all sides until golden brown. Place in the oven and roast until almost cooked through about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove and let rest 10 minutes. Slice into 1inch pieces.nHeat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions, carrot and celery and cook until soft, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Add the stock, juice concentrate, chipotle puree and peppercorns, increase the heat to high and cook the sauce until reduced to 2 cups, about 15 to 20 minutes.nStrain the sauce into a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the butter and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 12 cups sundried cranberries, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Pinch ground cloves, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cascabel powder, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 11 12 to 2 pound pork tenderloin, butterflied, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, seasoned with salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 carrot, finely diced, 1 stalk celery, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 6 cups chicken stock, 1 cup apple juice concentrate, thawed, 2 teaspoons chipotle puree, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons cold butter, Salt], title: Roasted Pork Tenderloin filled with SunDried Cranberry Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 15451: {instructions: Cut the crusts off each slice of bread. Smear some peanut butter on 1 side of the bread slices. Put some of the sliced bananas on top of the peanut butter and cover with another slice of bread to make a sandwich.nIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough canola oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F.Put the panko crumbs in a wide shallow bowl.nPrepare the tempura batter according to the package directions. Dip a sandwich in the batter, then roll it in panko crumbs, and deepfry until golden brown. Repeat with the remaining sandwiches. Cool and drizzle with your favorite honey. Serve., ingredients: [8 slices bread, Peanut butter, 1 banana, thinly sliced, Allpurpose flour, Panko bread crumbs, Tempura Batter Mix, storebought, Canola oil, Honey], title: Tempura Battered Peanut Butter and Banana Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 15452: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium heat, add chocolate chips, halfandhalf, and cinnamon. Melt chocolate chips stirring frequently with wooden spoon about 5 minutes. Be careful not to let boil.nRemove from heat and pour into mug. Add a shot of vanilla vodka or hazelnut liqueur, if you like., ingredients: [14 cup milk chocolate chips, 1 cup halfandhalf, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Vanilla vodka or hazelnut liqueur, optional], title: The Best Hot Chocolate Ever, picturelink: RBKWVYiqintANREU9LVDqeYfBvT8PAm}, 15453: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Prepare the asparagus by breaking off any tough bottom sections, rinse well and add to the boiling water for 2 minutes. Remove the asparagus and submerge in an ice bath, to stop the cooking process.nPreheat the vegetable oil in large deep pot to 350 degrees F.nIn a standing mixer with paddle attachment, add the cream cheese and blend until smooth, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn the mixer off and add the salmon, salt and pepper blend and the lemon zest and mix for additional 2 minutes. Remove the mixture from the mixer to a small bowl. Apply the softened salmon cream cheese to the exterior portion of the asparagus, leaving the top 1inch exposed. In a small bowl, blend the panko, thyme, and parsley. Roll the cheesed asparagus into the bread crumbs until well coated. Carefully add the asparagus, in batches, to the oil and fry until golden brown about 2 to 3 minutes. Once cooked, remove asparagus from oil and allow to drain on a paper towellined plate. Arrange the asparagus on a serving dish, drizzle with the truffle oil and garnish with herbs of choice., ingredients: [1 bunch white asparagus, 2 quarts vegetable oil, 1 cup cream cheese, room temperature, 12 pound smoked salmon, chopped, 1 teaspoon kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper blend, 1 lemon, zested, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon minced thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon minced parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons truffle oil, Chopped herbs of choice, for garnish], title: Smoked Salmon Wrapped White Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 15454: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nToast the bread and spread 1 12 teaspoons of cream cheese on top of each piece. Put a slice of smoked salmon, a couple of slices of onion, one or 2 slices of cucumber, and about 1 tablespoon of chopped tomato on top of that. Sprinkle with chives and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [8 pieces packaged, thin pumpernickel bread 3 12 by 3 12 inches, 14 cup whipped cream cheese, 8 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 14 English cucumber, thinly sliced, 2 medium tomatoes, cored, seeded and diced, 2 teaspoons chopped, fresh chives, Salt and pepper], title: New York Breakfast, picturelink: LEW6gwurN8AunnNJQv2OcB04PHtcWQ2}, 15455: {instructions: 1. WHISK sweetened condensed milk and water in large bowl. Add pudding mix. Whisk 2 minutes until well blended. Refrigerate 5 minutes. Fold in whipped topping.n2. STIR together sliced strawberries and preserves. Spoon 2 cups pudding mixture into bottom of 4quart clear glass trifle bowl or round glass serving bowl. Top with half the cake cubes, half the strawberries and half the remaining pudding mix. Repeat layers, ending with pudding.n3. REFRIGERATE 3 to 4 hours or until set. Garnish top of trifle with additional sliced strawberries and almonds just before serving., ingredients: [1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 12 cups cold water, 1 4serving size package instant vanilla flavor pudding and pie filling mix, 1 8 oz. container frozen whipped topping, thawed, 4 cups sliced fresh strawberries, 1 cup Smuckersu00ae Strawberry Preserves, 1 large 9inch prepared angel food cake, cut into 34inch cubes about 8 cups, Additional fresh strawberries for garnish, 2 tablespoons sliced almonds optional], title: Strawberries and Cream Trifle, picturelink: dsNTl1XYfwubuMtcQoT1lcmvPB5Rno6}, 15456: {instructions: BROWNIES: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Position a rack in the lower third of the oven. Spray the bottom only of an 8 x 8inch baking pan with nostick cooking spray. MIX brownie mix, eggs, melted butter and water in a medium mixing bowl until well blended. Spread half of batter into prepared pan. Sprinkle with 1 cup toffee bits. Spoon remaining batter to cover toffee layer. BAKE 40 to 44 minutes or until toothpick inserted 2 inches from side of pan comes out clean or almost clean do not overbake. Transfer to wire rack and cool completely. Using a toothpick, poke holes over top of brownies.nTOPPING: WHISK brown sugar, cream and butter in heavy small saucepan over low heat until mixture is smooth and comes to a boil. Remove from heat. Mix in vanilla. Cool 10 minutes. Whisk until thick enough to spread. Spread over brownies. Sprinkle with almonds and toffee bits. Let stand about 1 hour, or until topping sets. CUT brownies into squares. Store in refrigerator. Serve cold or at room temperature.nTip: To toast almonds: Place almonds in dry nonstick skillet cook over medium heat, shaking pan until nuts are lightly browned., ingredients: [Crisco Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 19.5 oz pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Classic Traditional Fudge Brownie, 2 large eggs, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 14 cup water, 1 cup milk chocolate toffee bits, 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tbsp. unsalted butter, 1 12 tsps. vanilla extract, 12 cup sliced almonds, lightly toasted, 14 cup milk chocolate toffee bits], title: Sticky Toffee Brownies, picturelink: null}, 15457: {instructions: In a large stockpot, over medium, add the onions, carrots, celery stalks and butter. Cook until tender, but do not burn them. Stir in the flour and curry and cook for 3 minutes. Pour in 8 cups of chicken stock and let simmer for 30 minutes. Then add in the remaining ingredients, except the hot cream. Let simmer for 15 minutes and then add in 1 cup hot cream. Ladle into serving bowls and serve., ingredients: [1 cup diced onions, 4 to 6 carrots, diced, 4 celery stalks, diced, 12 cup butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons curry powder, 8 cups chicken stock, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and diced, 1 cup cooked white rice, 1 cup cooked diced chicken, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup cream, hot], title: Mulligatawny Soup, picturelink: null}, 15458: {instructions: In a large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the onions and cook just until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the brown sugar and balsamic vinegar, cover and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the onions are caramelized, 20 to 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat a grill, grill pan or castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brush the tops of the portobello mushrooms with olive oil and season liberally with salt and pepper. Cook the mushrooms, stem side down, 5 to 7 minutes. Flip and continue cooking another 5 minutes. Remove to a work surface.nFold the shredded cheeses into the caramelized onions just before building the burger. Carefully spoon the caramelized onions and melted cheese into the mushroom caps.nBuild the burger by placing each stuffed mushroom on the bun bottoms. Top with the tomatoes and arugula. Smear the top buns with the Roasted Garlic Aioli and place on top of the other ingredients. Serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice off the top of the garlic head. Drizzle the cut side with the olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Wrap in foil and bake until tender and fragrant, 35 to 40 minutes. Allow to cool.nRemove the garlic cloves from their skins and add to a food processor along with the mayonnaise, lemon juice and a pinch of salt and pepper. Pulse until pureed. Season and store in an airtight container in the refrigerator until ready to use., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 Vidalia onions, thinly sliced, 4 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed and caps cleaned, Olive oil, for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 12 cup shredded sharp white Cheddar, 12 cup shredded Swiss, 4 kaiser rolls, split, buttered and toasted, 4 slices tomato, 1 cup baby arugula, Roasted Garlic Aioli, recipe follows, 1 head garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon lemon juice], title: Stuffed Cheesy Portobello Burgers, picturelink: null}, 15459: {instructions: Place chocolate in a double boiler on the stove. When melted, add the cream and stir until soupy. Remove from the heat and serve in a fondue pot with a low flame or preheated ceramic dish. Serve with berries and other fruit., ingredients: [1 pound chocolate, milk, dark or semisweet, 34 cup heavy cream], title: Fruit and Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: null}, 15460: {instructions: In the bottom of a large bowl, whisk together balsamic vinegar, oil and mustard. Add cooked pasta, red peppers and basil and toss to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Fold in mozzarella cheese., ingredients: [14 cup white balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons countrystyle grainy mustard, 1 pound cooked ditalini pasta, 12 cup diced roasted red peppers from waterpacked jar, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 cups small mozzarella balls], title: Pasta Salad with Roasted Red Peppers and Basil with White Balsamic Dressing, picturelink: ZSqScNsokvACsueKXi6gjT3Xl8bOShy}, 15461: {instructions: Place tomatoes, vinegar, garlic and basil in a blender and blend until smooth. Slowly add the olive oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Preheat grill. Brush the vegetables with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill until cooked through. Arrange on a platter and drizzle with tomato vinaigrette., ingredients: [4 sundried tomatoes, in oil, chopped, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 3 garlic cloves, smashed, 2 tablespoons basil chiffonade, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 portobello mushrooms, cleaned and stems removed, 1 small head fennel, quartered, 4 artichokes, cleaned and quartered, 1 yellow zucchini, quartered, 1 green zucchini, quartered, 14 cup olive oil], title: Grilled Vegetables with Sun Dried Tomato Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 15462: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDice tenders into bite size pieces and set aside. Wash hands.nPlace a large pot on stove over medium high heat. Add oil, butter, vegetables and bay leaf and cook 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Season mixture with salt, pepper and poultry seasoning. Add flour to the pan and cook 2 minutes. Stir broth or stock to the pot and bring to a boil. Add chicken to the broth and stir.nPlace biscuit mix in a bowl. Combine with 12 cup warm water and parsley. Drop tablespoonfuls of prepared mix into the pot, spacing dumplings evenly. Cover pot tightly and reduce heat to medium low. Steam dumplings 8 to 10 minutes. Remove cover and stir chicken and dumplings to thicken sauce a bit. Stir peas into the pan, remove chicken and dumplings from heat and serve in shallow bowls., ingredients: [1 12 pounds chicken breast tenders, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 russet potato, peeled and diced, 2 medium carrots, peeled and diced or thinly sliced, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 rib celery, diced, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 13 palm full, 2 tablespoons flour, a handful, 1 quart chicken broth or stock, canned or paper container, preferred brand Kitchen Basics, 1 small box biscuit mixpreferred brand Jiffy Mix, 12 cup warm water, 1 cup frozen green peas, Handful flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Chicken and Dumplings, picturelink: 49ZeWfvG99JwhYfm3uBME7emmF4aW}, 15463: {instructions: Special equipment: 32 toothpicksnCut each peach into 8 wedges. Soak the peach wedges in the wine for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours.nRemove the peaches from the wine, reserving the wine for another use. Wrap each peach wedge with half a prosciutto slice and fasten with a toothpick. Repeat with the remaining peach wedges and prosciutto., ingredients: [4 justripe peaches, 2 cups good quality Italian white wine, 16 slices good quality prosciutto, sliced in half crosswise], title: Drunken Peaches Wrapped in Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 15464: {instructions: In a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, combine milk, heavy cream, and vanilla bean. Bring to a boil. Remove from heat and let steep for 1 hour.nIn a large bowl, whisk yolks, vanilla sugar, and salt to combine. Bring milk mixture to a boil and remove the vanilla bean reserving for another use. Slowly add to yolks while whisking constantly. Let stand 5 minutes.nPrepare an ice bath. Add vanilla extract to the ice cream base stirring to combine. Strain through a fine sieve over a medium bowl. Cool ice cream base in ice bath. Transfer to an ice cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturers directions., ingredients: [3 cups milk, not skim, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and scraped, 8 large egg yolks, 23 cup vanilla sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 15465: {instructions: In a microwavable bowl or double broiler, melt together chocolate chips, sweetened condensed milk and two tablespoons butter. Set aside.nTo make dough, in a twoquart saucepan over medium heat combine melted butter and brown sugar. Mix until brown sugar is dissolved and remove from heat. Add to saucepan flour, salt, vanilla, chopped nuts, flaked coconut and eggs. Mix well. Spread half of dough mixture in a 15 x 10inch jelly roll pan greased with nonstick spray. Drizzle melted chocolate mixture over dough in pan. Dot top of chocolate mixture with remaining dough.nBake at 350 F for 3040 minutes or until golden brown and set in the middle. Cool well on a wire rack for one or two hours. Cut into 48 bars. Store tightly covered., ingredients: [12 oz. bag semisweet chocolate chips, 15 oz. can fat free sweetened condensed milk, 1 cup butter, melted, plus 2 Tbs. butter, 2 12 cups brown sugar, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tsp. salt, 1 tsp. vanilla, 12cup chopped pecans or walnuts, 12cup flaked coconut], title: Choco Chewy Scotch Bars, picturelink: null}, 15466: {instructions: Fill glass with ice. Add Smirnoff Vanilla Flavored Vodka, lemonlime soda, and orange juice. Stir well., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Smirnoff Vanilla Flavored Vodka, 3 oz. lemonlime soda, 1 splashes orange juice], title: Vanilla Crush, picturelink: null}, 15467: {instructions: Shuck the oysters, reserving the liquid. Place the oysters and liquid in a saucepan. Reserve the deeper half of each oyster shell. Cook the oysters over medium heat for about 30 seconds, just to give them some firmness. With a slotted spoon, remove the oysters to a bowl and set aside. Add the cream to the oyster liquid in the pan and cook for 10 minutes to reduce. Add the mustard and half the cheese. Set aside.nIn another saucepan over low heat, cook the spinach with 1 tablespoon 15 ml water until wilted. Strain the excess spinach water into the cream mixture and set the spinach aside. Mix the remaining 12 cup cheese and the breadcrumbs in a bowl and season with salt and pepper.nHeat the broiler. Arrange the oyster halfshells in a casserole dish filled with seaweed or large rock salt. Place each oyster in a shell and add a bit of the cream mixture and some spinach. Top with the breadcrumb mixture. Broil until the cheese melts and the tops are lightly browned, about 1 minute., ingredients: [2 dozen oysters, 1 cup250ml 35percent cream, 1 teaspoon5ml Dijon mustard, 1 cup250ml grated ParmigianoReggiano, 4 cups fresh spinach 1 liter, stemmed, 1 cup250ml breadcrumbs], title: Oysters RockAfeller, picturelink: null}, 15468: {instructions: For the cabbage rolls: Core the head of cabbage and boil in salted water until soft, about 5 minutes. Transfer to an icecold bowl of water to stop cooking. Remove from ice water, separate the green leaves and set aside for the rolls. Thinly slice the remaining cabbage and set aside for the sauce.nIn a large bowl, combine the minced lamb, onion, breadcrumbs, egg, cilantro, ginger, chile pepper, garlic, salt, and pepper. Mix well, season, cover, and keep in the refrigerator until ready to use.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove any thick veins from the cabbage leaves with a sharp knife. Place 1 cabbage leaf on a cutting board, add 2 tablespoons of the filling, fold sides, and roll up. Hold the loose end of the leaf with small bamboo sticks if necessary. Repeat with other leaves. Transfer the stuffed rolls into a 13 by 9inch ovensafe dish. Keep in the refrigerator until ready to cook.nFor the sauce: In a saucepan, heat the olive oil. Add onions and reserved sliced cabbage and saute until caramelized, about 10 minutes. Add garlic and ginger, continue to cook for a minute over low heat. Add the tomatoes and veal stock. Season with salt and pepper. Simmer until the sauce thickens, about 15 minutes.nPour the sauce over the cabbage rolls and cook in the oven for 50 minutes.nFor serving: Plate 2 cabbage rolls per person, and a ladle of sauce. Garnish with crumbled feta. Serve with the roasted potatoes and chive sour cream., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, Half of the Savoy cabbage, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12inch of fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated, 3 tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 4 cups of veal stock, Roasted potatoes, for serving, Chive sour cream, for serving, 1 cup of Greek feta cheese, crumbled, for garnish, 1 Savoy cabbage, 1 pound minced lean lamb, 1 onion, finely chopped, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro, 12inch fresh ginger, finely chopped, 1 fresh red chile pepper, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Lamb Stuffed Cabbage Rolls, picturelink: null}, 15469: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the oil and bacon. Stir in the garlic, bell pepper, squash, tomato paste, bouillon cube, and water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat, cover with a lid and simmer for about 10 minutes. Add the beans and simmer for another 10 minutes. Serve over White Rice, garnished with cilantro.nIn a medium pot, bring the water to a boil over high heat and add the oil and salt. Stir in the rice, cover with a lid and let cook over mediumlow heat for about 20 minutes. Lower the heat for the last 5 minutes. The rice should be soft and fluffy., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 strip bacon, sliced, 12 cup chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup chopped green bell pepper, 12 cup chopped acorn squash, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 large chicken bouillon cube, crumbled, 12 cup water, One 15ounce can red beans, drained, White Rice, recipe follows, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, 2 cups water, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup mediumgrain rice], title: Red Beans and Rice  Habichuela, picturelink: null}, 15470: {instructions: Whisk the sour cream, buttermilk, garlic, onion powder and sugar in a large bowl until smooth season with 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper.nHalve the avocados and discard the pits scoop the avocados into the bowl with the dressing and mash. Stir in the tomatoes, onion, chives and parsley and season with salt and pepper. Serve with chips.nYou can make this guacamole 4 to 6 hours ahead lightly cover and refrigerate. The sour cream and buttermilk will help prevent discoloration.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [23 cup sour cream, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 clove garlic, grated, 12 teaspoon onion powder, Pinch of sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 avocados, 2 Campari or other small vineripened tomatoes, chopped, 12 cup chopped white onion about 14 onion, 14 cup finely chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Tortilla chips, for dipping], title: Ranch Guacamole, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 15471: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large pan and add the mushrooms. Cook until the mushrooms are brown and tender. Add the scallions and garlic and saute until tender. Add the flour and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, then reserve.nIn a food processor, add the chicken stock, cream, gruyere, Parmesan, marsala, rosemary, thyme and roasted garlic, and pulse until well combined. Put the mixture in a pot over low heat and cook until the cheese is melted. Add the cream mixture to the mushrooms, season with salt and add the truffle oil.nCook the pasta to 1 minute shy of al dente. Toss the cooked pasta with the mushroom sauce. Add the shrimp and cook until cooked through. Serve topped with celery leaves and toasted pine nuts., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 pounds assorted wild mushrooms, sliced, 12 cup finely chopped scallions, green parts only, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken stock, 34 cup cream, 12 cup shredded gruyere, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup marsala wine, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 2 heads roasted garlic, cloves removed, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon truffle oil, 1 pound linguine, 8 medium shrimp, shelled, deveined and chopped, 34 cup celery leaves, roughly chopped, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted], title: Wild Mushroom Pasta, picturelink: XoNJfD3ocExJ.f8waXX0zilrWg3iQgK}, 15472: {instructions: Cut cake into toastsize slices spread 1 side with softened butter and sprinkle with cinnamon and nutmeg. Lightly brown the buttered sides in a large skillet while preparing other sides the same way. After cooking both sides, remove toasted cake from skillet and place on a plate with about 13 cup melted vanilla ice cream, allowing cake to soak up the melted ice cream from the bottom.nPeel bananas and set aside.nIn skillet over medium heat, melt 1 stick butter. Add orange juice and stir in brown sugar. Stir constantly over mediumlow heat until mixture completely liquefies. Add bananas to coat, cooking for about 2 minutes. Remove bananas to grill and continue to cook until tender. Remove sauce from heat, add 2 tablespoons rum, and baste bananas with sauce while grilling. When bananas are cooked to your liking, return them to the skillet with the sauce. Slice as desired diagonally works best.nStir the remainder of the ice cream into a bowl of whipped cream and add 1 tablespoon rum.nPlace a piece of cake on a dessert plate, cover with sliced grilled bananas, top with brown sugar sauce, and ladle vanilla rum sauce around the cake. Sprinkle with toasted coconut and serve., ingredients: [2 small loaves or 1 large loaf pina colada pound cake or vanillaflavored pound cake, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, divided, Ground cinnamon, Ground nutmeg, 12 pint vanilla ice cream, softened, 4 bananas, 12 orange, juiced, 1 cup brown sugar, 3 tablespoons goodquality rum, 1 cup whipped cream, Toasted flaked coconut, for serving], title: Tropical Bread Pudding with Grilled Bananas and Vanilla Rum Anglaise, picturelink: null}, 15473: {instructions: For the salmon:nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason salmon fillet with olive oil, salt, and pepper. Place on a baking sheet and bake until cooked through, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool completely, the chill for at least 30 minutes.nFor the mousse: Put the chilled salmon fillet in a food processor. Add all other ingredients and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 pound salmon fillet, skin off and pin bones removed, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound soft cream cheese, 14 cup brandy, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Salmon Mousse, picturelink: null}, 15474: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to boil.nMeanwhile, in a large saute pan, toast the almonds over mediumhigh heat until golden brown and fragrant, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the pan, finely chop and set aside.nBlanch the string beans in salted boiling water until crisp but tender, 2 to 3 minutes. The salt will impart flavor as well as help keep the string beans crisp. Immediately drain and run cold water over the beans or plunge into an ice bath to cool and stop the cooking process, then remove and completely dry.nReturn the saute pan to the burner over medium heat and melt the butter with the olive oil. Add the shallots, sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook until starting to brown, stirring occasionally, 3 to 5 minutes. Toss the drained beans with the shallots and add the lemon zest and juice. Cook to heat the beans completely through, 1 to 2 minutes.nRemove from the heat and season with additional salt and pepper if needed. Toss with the toasted chopped almonds and transfer to a serving dish., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 14 cup almonds, 1 12 pounds haricots verts French string beans, root ends removed, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, minced, Freshly cracked black pepper, 12 lemon, zested and juiced], title: Haricots Verts Almondine, picturelink: f9Iwi5Ll5cAD8mxCzJkqZrzL9gccrk2}, 15475: {instructions: In a small skillet, heat 1 teaspoon of the canola oil. Add the onion and garlic clove and cook, stirring gently, for 2 minutes. Season lightly with salt. Discard the garlic clove. Whisk in the cider vinegar and add 1 teaspoon canola oil. Taste for seasoning. Remove from heat and set aside.nPlace a large heatproof bowl over low heat and add the remaining 1 tablespoon canola oil. When the bowl is warm remove it from the heat and add the spinach. Season lightly with salt and toss with a spoon so the spinach gets coated with the oil and wilts slightly, 1 minute. The spinach should only be partially wilted and still appear somewhat raw. Pour off any water that might accumulate in the bottom of the bowl from wilting and stir in the onion and dressing from the skillet. Add chopped hardboiled egg. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons canola oil, 1 small red onion, peeled and grated on a cheese grater, 1 clove garlic, peeled and lightly smashed, Kosher salt, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 34 pound spinach leaves, stemmed, washed and dried, 3 eggs, hard boiled, peeled and chopped], title: Lightly Wilted Spinach Salad, picturelink: ECtVZAnwK.navVzyuBhvxddPjh7zpqa}, 15476: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the coulis: Combine the mango, orange juice, 14 cup water, ginger, salt and pepper in a blender. Blend until smooth and pour into a small saucepan. Cut the vanilla bean in half lengthwise and scrape the seeds into the saucepan using a paring knife. Add the empty vanilla pods. Bring the mixture to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat and simmer, about 6 minutes. Remove and discard the vanilla pods. Whisk in the butter until smooth.nFor the fish: Heat the butter and oil over mediumhigh heat in a 12inch nonstick skillet. Sprinkle the fish with the salt and pepper on both sides. Cook the fish until the fish flakes easily with a fork, 6 to 8 minutes on each side.nArrange the fish on a platter and spoon the coulis on top., ingredients: [1 medium mango, peeled, seeded and cut into 12inch pieces to yield 1 14 cups, or 1 14 cups frozen and thawed mango pieces, 12 cup fresh squeezed orange juice, One 2inch piece ginger, peeled and finely minced, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 vanilla bean, preferably Tahitian, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Four 4to6ounce mahi mahi or halibut fillets, each about 12to34inch thick, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Mahi Mahi with MangoVanilla Coulis, picturelink: 9DHUDqSgXBiPnSEyVe5CTG8dmXchAK}, 15477: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor, add the flour, potatoes, eggs, and shallots. Pulse until everything is blended but the consistency of the batter is chunky. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add a thin layer of oil. Pour about 1 tablespoon of the batter into the skillet for each pancake. Cook until lightly browned on both sides. Remove the pancakes from the pan to serving platters and allow them to cool to room temperature.nTo serve, top each pancake with a small slice of smoked salmon, then about a teaspoon of Dill Creme Fraiche, then top with 12 teaspoon of salmon roe in the center. Garnish with chopped fresh dill and serve.nDill Creme Fraiche:nStir all ingredients together in a bowl and refrigerate until ready to use.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, rinsed and roughly chopped, 2 large eggs, 12 cup chopped shallots, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, 1 pound thinly sliced smoked salmon, Dill Creme Fraiche, recipe follows, 3 ounces fresh salmon roe, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Salmon on Potato Pancakes with Dill Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 15478: {instructions: For the tenderloin skewers: Cube the meat into 2inch pieces and skewer with rosemary sprigs. Place in a shallow dish and set aside.nIn a small bowl, whisk to combine the olive oil, light brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, mustard powder, cumin, salt, pepper, garlic and lime juice. Pour the marinade over the meat, making sure to coat all the pieces. Cover and let marinate for 30 minutes.nFor the mustard horseradish cream: Meanwhile, in a small bowl, stir to combine the sour cream, horseradish, mustard, salt and pepper.nHeat a grill for cooking over mediumhigh heat. Grill the skewers until cooked through, about 1 to 2 minutes per side. Serve with the mustard horseradish cream., ingredients: [2 pounds filet mignon steaks, about 1 12inches thick, Thirty 3inch rosemary stems, leaves removed from bottom ends, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons mustard powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 5 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped 14 cup olive oil, 2 small limes, juiced, 1 cup sour cream, 13 cup prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons spicy mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, Pinch ground black pepper], title: Marinated Beef Tenderloin Skewers with Mustard Horseradish Cream, picturelink: ItYUDUMZaMrKzEqy0f1KegyWIRl.JtC}, 15479: {instructions: Combine the milk, cream, bourbon, egg white, sugar, water and vanilla in a large pitcher. Stir well, or if you have a lid, shake. Serve in rocks glasses and sprinkle each cocktail with some nutmeg., ingredients: [1 12 cups milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 ounces bourbon, 1 egg white, optional, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup very cold water, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Nutmeg, to taste], title: Brandy Milk Punch, picturelink: null}, 15480: {instructions: Make pickled cucumbers: In a small bowl stir together all pickled cucumber ingredients except cucumber until sugar and salt are dissolved. Add cucumber, stirring to coat well, and marinate 30 minutes.nMake burgers: Prepare grill.nInto a food processor with motor running, drop garlic and gingerroot. Add coriander, mint, basil, lime juice, sugar and anchovy fillets and blend well. In a bowl combine turkey, herb mixture, bread crumbs and cayenne and form into six 1inchthick patties. Season burgers with salt and pepper to taste and grill on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 6 minutes on each side, or until just cooked through.nDrain cucumbers. Transfer burgers to buns or rolls and top with pickled cucumbers., ingredients: [12 cup distilled white vinegar, 2 12 tablespoons firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 1 seedless cucumber about 1 pound, sliced very thin, 2 garlic cloves, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped peeled fresh gingerroot, 12 cup chopped fresh coriander, 12 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3 teaspoons sugar, 2 flat anchovy fillets, 2 pounds ground turkey, 14 cup fresh bread crumbs, 14 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste, 4 sesame hamburger buns or onion rolls, split and toasted], title: ThaiStyle Turkey Burgers with Pickled Cucumbers, picturelink: null}, 15481: {instructions: Bring a saucepan of salted water to a boil. Blanch peas and snow peas, about 1 minute each, rinsing in ice water so that they remain bright green and crisp. Drain and set aside to dry.nIn a medium bowl, mix yogurt with mayonnaise, lemon juice, salt and pepper, and fold into peas along with mint. Refrigerate covered. To serve, spoon onto individual plates or a serving platter, sprinkle bacon over the top and garnish with mint leaves., ingredients: [2 cup fresh shelled peas, 12 pound snow peas, 12 cup plain yogurt, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, Juice of 1 lemon, Coarse salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch mint, chopped fine reserve some whole leaves for garnish, 8 slices crisp cooked bacon, crumbled], title: Mint Pea Salad, picturelink: null}, 15482: {instructions: Fry the lily bulb slices in oil until golden brown. Drain on paper towels.nCombine the ground beef, capers, onions, chili sauce, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, lemon juice, herbs, olive oil, and salt and pepper. Mix well. Serve on ficelle toast, with one lily bulb slice as garnish., ingredients: [Lily bulb, sliced, 1 pound ground beef, 14 cup capers, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped onions, 3 tablespoon Heinz chili sauce, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped herbs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Cayenne pepper, to taste, Salt and pepper to taste, Toasted ficelle bread], title: Steak Tartar on Ficelle with Lily Bulb Chips, picturelink: null}, 15483: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 1 inch of vegetable or canola oil in a large frying pan over medium high heat.nCut onions across into 1inch rings and separate. Discard the outer layer of skin on your rings. Pour evaporated milk into a small, deep bowl. Mix flour with seasonings in a pie plate or shallow dish. Dip individual rings in milk, then coat in flour. And repeat for a double dip. Fry in a single layer in hot oil until golden brown. Remove to brown paper bag or paper towel lined surface to drain. Salt while hot, to your taste.nFor dipping sauce, combine all ingredients in a bowl and stir.nTip: refrigerate your onions and canned evaporated milk when you unpack from the grocery store. The colder the better for making onion rings, ingredients: [Vegetable or canola oil for frying, 2 large sweet Vidalia onions, 2 cans evaporated milk, 5 ounces, 1 cup all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon dried mustard, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 13 palm full, Coarse salt, 1 cup reduced fat sour cream, eyeball the amount, 14 cup chili sauce, eyeball the amount, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cumin], title: Thick Cut O Rings and Spicy Dipping Sauce, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 15484: {instructions: In a large pot, bring the water to a boil.nWhile the water is coming to a boil, place the whole cumin seeds in a small pan over medium heat. Cook, shaking the pan occasionally, until fragrant, about 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the carrots to the boiling water. Cook until crisptender, about 4 minutes.nRemove the carrots from the water and place them in a large serving dish. Add walnut oil and cumin seeds. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss to distribute seasonings. Serve., ingredients: [1 gallon water, 1 tablespoon whole cumin seeds, 32 organic rainbow baby carrots, peeled, with 1inch of the tops left on, 18 cup walnut oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Organic Rainbow Carrots with Walnut Oil and Toasted Cumin Seeds, picturelink: null}, 15485: {instructions: Wash the potatoes under cold running water. Peel and cut into 2inch chunks.nIn a carbonsteel wok, heat the oil over medium heat until just smoking. Add the shallots, onion, garlic, and ginger, and stirfry for 5 minutes, or until the onion is wilted. Add the curry and cook for 30 seconds, until aromatic. Add the coconut milk, broth, potatoes, salt, and pepper. Bring to a simmer and cook over low heat until the potatoes are tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Add the green beans and cook for another 10 minutes, or until the beans are just done., ingredients: [2 pounds large Red Bliss potatoes, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 yellow onion, coarsely minced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons Madras curry powder, 1 cup coconut milk, 2 cups vegetable broth, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound fresh, young, green beans, trimmed], title: Malaysian Potatoes and Green Beans, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 15486: {instructions: Place the tomatillos, jalapenos, and water in a blender or a food processor. Puree just until chunky, then add the onion, garlic, cilantro, and salt and puree for about 2 minutes more, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary, until no large chunks remain.nIn a large cast iron skillet, heat the lard over medium high heat. Add the blended salsa and cook, stirring occasionally, for about 7 minutes, or until reduced and thickened. Reduce the heat a little and add the Chicharron. Cover, and continue cooking for about 5 minutes more, or until the Chicharron is soft but not mushy this may take more or less time, depending on the thickness and freshness of the Chicharron. Serve the Chicharron with warm tortillas, refried pinto beans, and rice. Serve the garnishes in small bowls, for sprinkling at the table., ingredients: [1 pound tomatillos, husked and washed, 4 large jalapeno chiles, stemmed, 12 cup cold water, 12 medium onion, cut in half, 1 clove garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 bunches cilantro, stems and leaves, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons lard or vegetable oil, 12 pound chicharron fried pigskin, see Note, broken into 12 inch squares, 10 radishes, trimmed and thinly sliced, 12 small red onion, very finely diced, 14 small head cabbage, shredded, 2 limes, cut into wedges, Warm corn tortillas, Refried pinto beans, Cooked white rice], title: Chicharron en Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 15487: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Remove the stems from the mushrooms and set aside. Place the caps, stemside down on a baking sheet and brush the outsides with the oil. Bake until soft, but still holding their shape, 15 minutes.n2. Meanwhile, crisp the bacon in a medium skillet over medium heat. Transfer bacon to a paper towellined plate and reserve the skillet and drippings. Finely chop reserved mushroom stems and add to the bacon drippings along with the shallot and thyme. Season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until mushrooms are dry, about 5 minutes. Add spinach and continue to cook until the spinach wilts,1 minute.n3. Transfer mixture to a bowl and add the bread cubes and lemon zest. Chop the cooked bacon, and combine with the mushroom mixture. Place the caps stem sideup on a separate baking sheet and evenly fill each cap with the stuffing. Bake until the mushrooms are hot and lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Place a piece of blue cheese on each mushroom and continue to bake until the cheese just begins to melt, about 3 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [12 large stuffing mushrooms, about 2 12inches in diameter about 1 pound, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 slices bacon 4 ounces, 1 shallot, halved and thinly sliced 12 cup, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups packed baby spinach, chopped 2 ounces, 2 slices toasted white sandwich bread, finely cubed, 14 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 2 ounces mild creamy blue cheese, cut into 12 strips such as Saga], title: BaconBlue Cheese Stuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 15488: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nHeat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the garlic is golden, about 2 minutes. Add both cans of the tomatoes and 1 cup of water. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat slightly, add the basil sprig and simmer rapidly, uncovered, until thickened, 15 to 20 minutes. Discard the basil and stir in the ricotta. Season with salt and pepper.nCook the ziti in the water until very al dente, about 2 minutes less than the package directions specifies. Drain the pasta and transfer it to a large bowl.nAdd the tomato sauce, the chopped basil, artichokes, peppers, olives, the mozzarella and half of the Parmesan to the bowl and stir well to combine. Transfer the pasta to a 3 to 4quart baking dish and top with the provolone and the remaining Parmesan. Bake, uncovered, until browned, about 15 minutes. Let the pasta rest for about 10 minutes before serving.nCopyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, One 28ounce can plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, One 15ounce can plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, 1 sprig fresh basil, plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 cup fresh ricotta, 1 pound dried ziti, 10 ounces jarred or frozen artichoke hearts thawed, 1 cup sliced jarred roasted red peppers, 12 cup pitted nicoise or Kalamata olives, coarsely chopped, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella, 1 cup grated Parmesan or ricotta salata, 1 12 cups shredded provolone], title: Baked Ziti Provencal, picturelink: XC8MjZYr0X.VsV.DbQWL6pbATm9Yd8.}, 15489: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta and reserve 12 cup of the pasta liquid.nBlend the basil, pine nuts, garlic, zests, juices, salt, and pepper in a food processor until the mixture is finely chopped. With the machine running, gradually add the olive oil until the mixture is smooth and creamy. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the Parmesan. Toss with the warm spaghetti and the reserved pasta water.nMeanwhile, place a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Brush both sides of the swordfish fillets with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the swordfish 3 to 4 minutes a side for a 1inch thick fillet.nTransfer the pasta to a serving platter and top with the grilled swordfish fillets and serve., ingredients: [1 pound spaghetti pasta recommended: Barilla, 1 bunch fresh basil, about 3 cups leaves, 12 cup toasted pine nuts, 1 clove garlic, 1 lemon, zest grated and juiced, 1 orange, zest grated and juiced, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 4 6ounce swordfish steaks, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Swordfish and Spaghetti with Citrus Pesto, picturelink: null}, 15490: {instructions: Put the broth, beets and potatoes in a large heavybottomed pot and bring it to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cover and cook until the vegetables are just tender, about 20 minutes. Uncover and stir in the cabbage and red wine vinegar. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper taste for sodium levels in the broth before salting. Simmer for another 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Ladle the soup into serving bowls and serve warm. Enjoy, ingredients: [8 cups beef broth, 4 large beets, peeled and chopped, 2 large russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 cups thinly sliced cabbage, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Winter Borscht, picturelink: SCKSDeXmw3w12iNdKFMei4WYfiiInda}, 15491: {instructions: Cut the jicama into chunks, and then pulse in the food processor until finely ground. Transfer to a large bowl.nIn the same processor carafe, pulse the parsley and mint until finely chopped. Add to the jicama along with the tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, 2 tablespoons of the oil, the lemon juice, 2 teaspoons salt and 34 teaspoon pepper.nStir together the remaining 2 tablespoons oil with the paprika, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and rub all over chicken.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nGrill the chicken, turning, until grill marks appear, about 4 minutes. Let the chicken rest 5 minutes.nServe, topped with the jicama tabbouleh., ingredients: [1 34 pound jicama, peeled, 2 cups packed fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, 1 cup packed fresh mint leaves, chopped, 2 medium tomatoes, chopped, 1 Persian cucumber, chopped, 12 onion, finely chopped, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Kosher salt and finely ground black pepper, 6 chicken cutlets, 1 12 teaspoons smoked paprika], title: Jicama Tabbouleh and Chicken Salad, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 15492: {instructions: The day before you want to serve this dessert, if possible, put raisins in a small saucepan, cover with water, and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and drain. Place plumped raisins in a plastic container with a tightfitting cover and sprinkle with the rum. Cover and let macerate overnight.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees. Melt the butter and cool slightly.nCut the challah in half, and cut one of the halves into thin slices. Cut remaining bread into cubes.nPut diced challah in the bottom of the baking dish. Strew with the raisins and rum and half the butter. Dip one side of each slice of challah into the butter and arrange, slightly overlapping and buttered side up, over the top of diced challah and raisins.nCombine the milk, cream and sugar, and vanilla bean in a saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Remove from heat, add chocolate, and allow to stand 3 minutes whisk smooth.nWhisk eggs until combined in a large mixing bowl, then strain the milk mixture into the eggs and beat them together. Do not overbeat or the custard will have a great deal of foam on the surface. Strain the custard back into the pan and use a large spoon to skim any foam from the surface. Pour the custard over the challah.nPlace the baking dish in another larger pan and pour warm water into it to come halfway up the side of the baking dish. Bake the bread pudding for about 45 minutes, until the custard is set and the challah is an even color., ingredients: [23 cup dark raisins, 3 tablespoons dark rum, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 loaf challah bread, 1 12 cups milk, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 34 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, halved, 16 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 8 large eggs], title: Chocolate Challah Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 15493: {instructions: Place a large skillet or griddle pan over low heat. Lay out the slices of bread on a work surface and spread a thin layer of mayonnaise over each one. Flip each slice over and spread a thin layer of red pepper jelly over each one. Build the sandwiches by dividing the ham and Gouda among four of the slices and closing them so that the mayonnaise is on the outside.nPlace the sandwiches in the skillet and cook, turning once, until golden brown and heated through.nWhile the sandwiches are toasting, in a large bowl whisk together the lemon juice, preserves, dill, olive oil and some salt and pepper. Toss the green vegetables with the dressing and reserve. Cut the sandwiches on a bias and serve warm along with the vegetable salad., ingredients: [8 thick slices goodquality bread, 4 tablespoons mayonnaise, 4 tablespoons red pepper jelly, 10 to 12 slices leftover roast ham about 1 pound total, 12 pound Gouda, thinly sliced, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon fruit preserves, such as apricot or peach, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and ground black pepper, 4 cups roughly chopped as needed prepared green vegetables, such as asparagus, zucchini or peas], title: Grilled Ham and Gouda Sandwich with Leftover Easter Veggies, picturelink: null}, 15494: {instructions: Mix ingredients together, refrigerate, and serve as needed., ingredients: [1 pint mayonnaise, 23 cup dill pickle relish, 2 tablespoons minced white onion, 1 ounce lemon juice, Pickle juice], title: Tartar Sauce, picturelink: null}, 15495: {instructions: Slice each tomato horizontally into 5 sections. Slice each mozzarella ball into 4 pieces. Place the bottom piece of a tomato onto a plate and top it with a piece of cheese and a basil leaf. Keep layering until you have reformed each tomato ending with the stemmed piece. Drizzle 1 tablespoon of olive oil and 1 teaspoon of vinegar over each tomato., ingredients: [6 vineripened tomatoes, stems left on, 6 balls buffalo mozzarella, 12 bunch fresh basil leaves, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 teaspoons red wine vinegar], title: Stacked Caprese Salad, picturelink: null}, 15496: {instructions: Special equipment: 50 12inch lollipop sticks 10 decorative heavy plastic cups Ribbon for decoratingnFrost each of the mini cupcakes with the frosting of your choice. Decorate each with flowers or candy. Insert a stick into each mini cupcake. Place 5 of the mini cupcake lollipops into each cup. Decorate the cup with ribbon. Place a vase of the cupcake flowers at each place setting., ingredients: [1 recipe yellow cake, baked in greased and floured mini muffin tins, 1 recipe frosting either Best Chocolate Frosting or Vanilla Buttercream, Candy flowers, or assorted candies to make flowers e.g. mini candy coated chocolates, mini gum drops, little hard candies, etc.], title: Cupcake Bouquet, picturelink: BsxG9z2XNunndD6UJ3XLaSrDF1jHgTe}, 15497: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nCream and butter and sugar n a large mixing bowl, using a handheld electric mixer.nAdd eggs, 1 at a time, beating after each addition.nIn a separate bowl stir together baking soda and buttermilk. Add flour to the butter mixture alternately with buttermilk, beginning and ending with flour. Stir in the mini morsels and melted baking chocolate, then add chocolate syrup and vanilla extract.nSpoon batter into a heavily greased and floured 10inch tube pan. Bake for 1 12 hours until cake springs back when touched. Remove from the oven and invert immediately onto a serving plate. Cool completely.nFor the topping:nIn a microwave bowl melt white chocolate with 2 tablespoons shortening in the microwave. Drizzle over cake.nIn another bowl melt 12 cup mini chocolate morsels with remaining 2 tablespoons shortening in microwave. Drizzle over cake.nThis cake can be baked in 12 mini Bundt pans. Allow 1 mini cake per serving. Freeze remaining cakes for a quick dessert for your next dinner party.nPer serving: Calories 665 Total Fat 34g Sat Fat 20 g, Mono Fat 6 g, Poly Fat 1 g Protein 9 g Carb 82 g Fiber 1 g Cholesterol 120 mg Sodium 133 mg, ingredients: [1 cup butter, softened, 1 12 cups sugar, 4 eggs, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup mini chocolate morsels, 8 ounces sweet baking chocolate, melted and cooled, 13 cup chocolate syrup, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 ounces chopped white chocolate, 4 tablespoons shortening, divided, 12 cup mini chocolate morsels], title: Decadent Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 15498: {instructions: Add the ice cream and milk to a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into glasses and top with whipped cream and a cherry. Serve with a thick straw., ingredients: [2 pints black raspberry ice cream, 2 cups ice cold milk, Whipped cream, from canister, for garnish, 4 maraschino cherries, for garnish], title: Black Raspberry Milkshake, picturelink: iA5ZF0vCnBP6BH4XW2eyewMUgiu7Pb6}, 15499: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, toast white peppercorns and coriander seeds until they begin to pop. Remove from heat and grind to fine powder in a spice mill or coffee grinder. Mix the ground pepper and coriander with remaining spices, cocoa and salt.nTrim the pork tenderloins of fat and silver skin. Rub with a generous amount of the cocoa spice rub. Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium high heat until hot but not smoking. Sear each tenderloin on all sides until a rich brown color, about 2 minutes on each side. Remove tenderloins from heat and finish in the oven for about 10 minutes or until cooked through.nLet the tenderloins rest out of the oven for at least 10 minutes before carving.nExtra cocoa spice rub will keep in an airtight container for up to 3 months., ingredients: [1 tablespoon whole white peppercorns, 1 tablespoon whole coriander, 4 12 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 3 12 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa, 4 tablespoons sea salt, preferably gray, 2 2pound boneless pork tenderloins, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Seared Pork Tenderloin with Cocoa Spice Rub, picturelink: BaQ2a6mugQGTdNOWXDntE9R8SQUFqR.}, 15500: {instructions: Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Add the lima beans and cook, uncovered, until very tender, about 10 minutes. Drain well and cool slightly.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large skillet set over mediumheat. Add the onions and 14 teaspoon salt and cook, uncovered, until lightly browned in spots, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the jalapeno and garlic and cook until the jalapeno is tender, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the lima beans and bell pepper. Cool the mixture slightly.nPlace the vegetable mixture in a food processor along with 1 tablespoon of the remaining oil, 2 tablespoons water, the vinegar and 12 teaspoon salt. Process until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Season with additional vinegar if desired.nTransfer the dip to a small serving bowl. Gently stir together the tomato, corn, remaining 1 tablespoon oil and 14 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Right before serving, stir the parsley into the tomatoandcorn mixture and use a slotted spoon to scoop it on top of the dip. Serve with dippers such as blue corn tortilla chips and vegetables., ingredients: [One 10ounce box frozen lima beans, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small yellow onion, diced about 1 cup, Kosher salt, 1 jalapeno, finely diced remove seeds for less heat, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup roughly chopped jarred roasted red bell pepper, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, plus more to taste, 1 Roma tomato, finely diced about 12 cup, 1 ear yellow or white corn, kernels cut off the cob about 12 cup, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped fresh parsley leaves, Serving suggestions: Baked blue corn tortilla chips, sliced cucumbers, carrots andor radishes], title: Spicy Succotash Dip, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 15501: {instructions: Mix together the arugula, almonds, celery and cucumber. Set aside while you make the dressing.nWhisk together the mustard, cocoa powder, balsamic and olive oil. Drizzle the salad with enough dressing to coat. Toss well together. Serve in individual bowls and garnish with shaved Parmesan., ingredients: [4 cups baby arugula, 1 cup roasted almonds, chopped, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 1 English cucumber, chopped, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Shaved Parmesan, for garnish], title: Crunchy Salad with Cocoa Vinaigrette, picturelink: Fyr7qlkp1wQFRxqgc426e7aXSK9UaAO}, 15502: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix together the sugar, salt and lime zest in a small serving bowl. Put the bowl on a platter, add the watermelon wedges and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Zest of 1 lime, 1 small seedless watermelon, cut into small wedges], title: Watermelon MiniWedges, picturelink: G93jG3LAtTio3ZhrlfGaEJMN6RFe61C}, 15503: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a cookie sheet with aluminum foil and spray the foil with cooking spray.nShake the hot sauce into the buttermilk and pour into a shallow dish. Place the cornflake crumbs in another shallow dish. Dip each piece of chicken in the buttermilk, and then roll it in the crumbs. Place the coated chicken pieces on the cookie sheet and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nBake the chicken until the crust is golden brown and the meat is no longer pink at the bone, about 1 hour. Check this with the point of a sharp knife. Remove the pieces from the pan and serve while the chicken is warm., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 to 3 shakes hot sauce, such as Tabasco, optional, 1 cup buttermilk, well shaken, 4 cups cornflake crumbs, 8 assorted chicken pieces, skin on, Salt and pepper], title: Chicken Baked in Cornflake Crumbs, picturelink: 9c6vxt7DCpoRKUVRo9RNUMT8upaVuiO}, 15504: {instructions: Combine all dry ingredients in large mixing bowl. Mix and sift at least twice before starting.nIn a separate bowl, combine eggs and milk to make egg wash mixture.nSlice firm green tomatoes about a 12inch thick. Put tomatoes in egg wash making sure tomatoes are coated well. Dredge tomatoes in dry batter coating well.nFry tomatoes in frying pan, medium high in vegetable oil until golden brown., ingredients: [4 cups selfrising flour, 1 cup fine cracker meal, 13 cup sugar, 14 cup salt, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, 4 cups whole milk, 6 to 7 large green tomatoes], title: Fried Green Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 15505: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a 12cup muffin pan with paper liners. Whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a bowl. Beat the butter and sugar in a bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, about 4 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, scraping down the bowl as needed. Beat in the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to mediumlow beat in half of the flour mixture, then all of the milk, then the remaining flour mixture until just combined.nDivide the batter among the muffin cups, filling each threequarters full. Bake, rotating the pan halfway through, until a toothpick inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Transfer the pan to a rack and let cool 5 minutes, then remove the cupcakes to the rack to cool completely. Using a serrated knife, trim off the tops of the cupcakes so that they are flat.nPlace the dark chocolate and white chocolate chips in two separate bowls. Add 4 teaspoons coconut oil to the dark chocolate and the remaining 1 12 teaspoons coconut oil to the white chocolate. Melt each bowl of chocolate in the microwave at medium power, stirring every 30 seconds, until just liquid and smooth.nWorking with one cupcake a time, spoon 1 heaping tablespoon of the dark chocolate on top, spreading it evenly over the top with the back of the spoon. While the dark chocolate is still liquid, spoon 1 teaspoon of the white chocolate in the center of the cupcake. Drag a toothpick or skewer through the center of the white chocolate outward to form a tail. Repeat with the remaining cupcakes.nRewarm the dark chocolate until liquid again, if necessary. Scrape the chocolate into a resealable plastic bag, snip off one corner and pipe small dots of dark chocolate on the white chocolate ghosts to form 2 eyes. Pipe a third dot twice as big to form a mouth. Let the chocolate set for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 23 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 1 cup dark chocolate chips, 34 cup white chocolate chips, 5 12 teaspoons refined coconut oil or vegetable shortening], title: Ghostly Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 15506: {instructions: For the easy caramel sauce: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix the brown sugar, halfandhalf, butter and salt in a saucepan over mediumlow heat. Cook, whisking gently, until it thickens, about 5 minutes. Add the vanilla and cook to thicken further, 1 more minute. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool slightly.nFor the pumpkin cake: Grease the bottom and sides of a 12inch skillet with butter or nonstick spray.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, pumpkin pie spice, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture and add in the butter, granulated sugar, pumpkin, egg and vanilla extract. Mix by hand until fully incorporated. The mixture will be thick.nOnce combined, press half of the mixture into the bottom of the skillet, making sure the batter goes halfway up the sides.nPour the cooled caramel over the batter. Drop the remaining pumpkin cake batter over the caramel by the spoonful, covering the caramel as well as you can.nBake until the edges are firm and golden, 22 to 28 minutes.nFor the maple glaze: Meanwhile, bring the maple syrup and butter to a low boil in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly, about 2 minutes.nRemove from the heat and gradually whisk in the confectioners sugar until smooth. Continue to whisk until the mixture begins to thicken and cool slightly, about 1 minute.nAllow the cake to cool in the skillet for 5 minutes. Pour the maple glaze over the cake and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 packed cup brown sugar, 14 cup halfandhalf, 2 tablespoons butter, Pinch salt, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup butter 1 stick, at room temperature, plus additional for greasing the skillet, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup pure pumpkin filling not pumpkin pie filling, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup pure maple syrup, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup sifted confectioners sugar], title: Pumpkin Caramel Skillet Cake with Maple Glaze, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 15507: {instructions: In a large heavy pot, heat oil and cook onions until tender. Stir in green, red peppers and carrots and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in eggplant and zucchini. Add all the spices and toss to coat. Stir in the lentils. Add the wine, tomatoes, oregano and basil. Bring to a boil and reduce heat. Cover and simmer gently for 1 hour. If more liquid is needed, add 1 cup of water. Stir the stew occasionally. When lentils are tender, stir in the beans. Cook for another 20 minutes. Season to taste. Garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped, 1 medium eggplant, peeled and chopped, 1 medium zucchini, chopped, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon cumin, 2 cups dried lentils, picked over for stones, 12 cup red wine, 1 20 ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 20 ounce can whole tomatoes, chopped with juices reserved, 1 tablespoon oregano, 1 tablespoon basil, 2 cans kidney beans, black beans or white beans, drained and rinsed, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley], title: Vegetable Lentil Stew, picturelink: null}, 15508: {instructions: Heat 5 cups of the chicken stock in a saucepot to a low boil add the polenta and season with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to simmer and cook, stirring and adding more stock as needed to keep the mixture loose, until thickened and soft, 40 to 45 minutes. Stir in 2 tablespoons of the butter, pour the polenta onto nonstick baking sheets 1 large or 2 small, spread into a 14 to 12inch thick even layer and cool totally. Cut into rectangular shapes to easily remove for layering.nCover the dried porcinis with the remaining 1 cup chicken stock and 12 cup water in a small pot bring to a simmer and cook to reconstitute. Remove the tender mushrooms and chop. Reserve the mushrooms and their liquid.nHeat the EVOO in a large, deep skillet. Add the fresh mushrooms and cook until dark and tender, about 15 minutes. Add the thyme and shallots, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes. Deglaze the skillet with the wine. Add the stock and porcinis with some of their liquid be careful to avoid any grit and reduce the heat to low.nTo make the bechamel, melt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter in a saucepot, add the garlic and swirl a minute or two. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in the milk, season with salt, pepper and nutmeg and cook until thickened. Add half of the cheese.nPlace a layer of the polenta in a medium casserole dish and top with half of the mushrooms and bechamel. Repeat the layers, and then end with a layer of polenta. Dot with butter and top with the remaining cheese.nCool and store for a makeahead meal, or bake to serve. Bake at 375 degrees F from room temperature until brown, bubbling and hot through, about 50 minutes., ingredients: [6 cups chicken stock, plus more if needed, 2 12 cups coarse polenta, Salt and coarse black pepper, 6 tablespoons butter, plus more for dotting casserole, 12 cup dried porcini mushrooms a couple of handfuls, About 13 cup EVOO, 1 12 pounds cremini or white mushrooms, sliced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 12 cup dry white wine or 14 cup Marsala or sherry, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 14 cup flour, 2 12 cups milk, Freshly grated nutmeg, as needed, 1 12 cups grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Stacked Polenta and Mushroom Casserole, picturelink: 21eMetWcAK663x5kwwXYjbj4ISltxei}, 15509: {instructions: Wash and dry eggplants. Peel garlic and set aside. If the cloves are very large, cut in half. Make multiple 12inch slits in the eggplant and stud with garlic. Push towards the center of the eggplant so the garlic is not sticking out. When done, coat eggplant with olive oil and sprinkle with salt.nPlace in the center of the cooking grate until the eggplants have collapsed and are soft. You will need to turn occasionally. This will take approximately 30 minutes, depending on the size of the eggplants. When very soft, cut in half and scrape flesh and garlic from skin. Mash with a fork and mix in enough olive oil to make creamy. Season with salt, pepper and parsley. Serve with pita wedges or flatbread., ingredients: [3 eggplants, 1 head garlic, Olive oil, Kosher or sea salt, 14 cup parsley, minced, Pepper], title: Grilled Garlic Eggplant Dip, picturelink: null}, 15510: {instructions: Spread bread pieces on a work surface. Spread 12 tablespoon olive tapenade on half the pieces, then cover with a slice of mozzarella, then cover with the remaining bread slices. Butter both sides of the sandwich and grill in batches in a panini press until browned on both sides. Put on a platter and cover with foil to keep warm until serving.nPut anchovies, garlic and thyme in a blender or food processor and puree. Add olives and olive oil, and pulse to a smooth paste. If it is too thin, add more pitted olives. If it is too thick, add more olive oil., ingredients: [1 loaf artisanal white bread, sliced thin, slices cut into 3inch squares, Olive tapenade, recipe follows, Mozzarella cheese, sliced thin, Softened butter, 3 anchovies, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 cup pitted kalamata olives, plus additional as needed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus additional as needed], title: Mini Cheese Sandwiches Panini With Mozzarella And Olive Tapenade, picturelink: N0KU6WYlVi4UhTIUokIAWzJpqERJCpe}, 15511: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWash the potato and prick with a fork a few times. Wrap in gold foil. Place in the oven for 40 minutes or until done. Remove from the oven and cut open with a knife. Place the creme fraiche in the center and season with salt and pepper. Top with caviar., ingredients: [1 medium to large Yellow Finnish potato, Gold foil, 3 tablespoons creme fraiche, Salt, Black pepper, 1 ounce osetra caviar], title: Yellow Finnish Potato with Creme Fraiche and Osetra Caviar, picturelink: null}, 15512: {instructions: Put the cut potatoes into a pot filled with the cold water, bring to a boil, and cook about 20 minutes, or until a fork or a knife pierces the potato chunks easily.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, put the cream, butter, salt and pepper into a saucepan. Heat the cream until the butter melts, but do not allow the mixture to boil. Keep the mixture warm until you are ready to add it to the potatoes.nWhen the potatoes are fully cooked, drain in a colander 5 minutes to remove all excess moisture. It is important to rice the potatoes while they are still hot, because cold potatoes will become rubbery and starchy. Fill the ricer no more than half full. Squeeze the hot potatoes through the ricer and into a stainlesssteel bowl, being careful that the potatoes do not squeeze out the top of the ricer, which would cause lumps in the mashed potatoes. When all of the potatoes have been riced, stir in the hot cream and butter mixture, using a wooden spoon to incorporate the seasoning, cream and butter fully into the potatoes. If you like, add the chopped chives. Serve promptly. If the mashed potatoes must be held a few minutes, keep them warm in a double boiler or in a bowl wrapped with plastic wrap and placed over hot water., ingredients: [3 pounds Yukon Gold or Yellow Finn potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 12to 2 inch chunks, 4 quarts cold water, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh chives optional, Special equipment: Potato ricer], title: Mashed Potatoes, with or Without Chives, picturelink: null}, 15513: {instructions: To make the pudding, in a medium saucepan over medium heat, whisk the sugar, flour, and salt together. Slowly whisk in the milk until combined and smooth and then stir constantly with a wooden spoon until the mixture comes to a low boil and thickens, about 7 minutes. Reduce the heat to very low.nWhile whisking, add about 14 cup of the hot milk mixture to the eggs. Whisk the egg mixture into the hot milk and cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture is very thick, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla. Let stand until room temperature.nTo make the pie, arrange half of the banana slices in a single layer over the crust. Spread half of the pudding evenly over the bananas. Lay the wafer cookies in a single layer on the surface of the pudding, followed by the remaining bananas. Spread the rest of the pudding evenly over the top.nIn a small bowl, with a whisk or electric hand mixer, whip the cream, sugar, and vanilla together until soft peaks form. Spread the cream evenly over the pie. Sprinkle vanilla wafer crumbs over the top. Cover with plastic wrap and chill for at least 3 hours before serving.nTo serve, slice the pie and garnish each slice with vanilla wafer crumbs., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon Kosher salt, 2 cups whole milk, 4 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, One 9inch prepared graham cracker crumb crust, 2 ripe medium bananas, thinly sliced, 20 vanilla wafer cookies, plus crumbs for garnishing, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: NoBake Banana Pudding Pie, picturelink: UcOKvqUbq0yD.1sVliuXhBJ3Bgpc0eu}, 15514: {instructions: Spray the bottom of a 1 12quart souffle dish with cooking spray. Line the bottom of the souffle dish with parchment paper and give a quick spray with cooking spray set aside.nMake a foil ring 1inch thick for the souffle dish to sit on inside a 5quart slow cooker.nIn a medium bowl, combine the bananas with the hazelnut liqueur. Add the muffin mix, evaporated milk, oil, vanilla extract, cinnamon, chocolate chips and egg. Stir together until just blended.nTransfer to the prepared souffle dish. Place the dish on top of the foil ring in the slow cooker. Lay 8 paper towels over top of the slow cooker bowl and secure with the lid. This helps to trap steam. Cook on LOW setting for 4 to 5 hours.nRemove the cake and allow to cool completely.nCut the cake in half horizontally. Stir the rum extract into the cream cheese frosting and frost in between the layers and outside of the cake with the mixture. Garnish the sides of cake with chopped walnuts. Slice and serve., ingredients: [Butterflavored cooking spray, 12 cup mashed ripe banana, 2 tablespoons hazelnut liqueur, such as Frangelico, One 15.5ounce box banana nut muffin mix, such as Betty Crocker, 12 cup evaporated milk, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon rum extract, One 16ounce can cream cheese frosting, 1 cup chopped walnuts], title: Banana Chocolate Chip Cake, picturelink: null}, 15515: {instructions: Prepare the pie crust according to package instructions. Roll the dough out between 2 pieces of waxed paper to 14inch thickness. Invert a heavy bottom 10inch nonstick skillet over the dough, trace the outside edge of the pan and trim the excess. Put the pie dough on a sheet tray, cover it in plastic wrap and refrigerate.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice each apple in 2 and place the halves in a bowl of water with a bit of lemon juice to keep them from browning. In a small bowl, combine the sugar with 2 teaspoons of pumpkin pie spice and the salt.nPut the same skillet used to measure out the pie crust, over mediumhigh heat, and add the butter. Sprinkle 34 of the sugar mixture over the melted butter. Arrange the apple halves flat side down in the pan. Sprinkle the remaining sugar over the apples. Cook until the caramel syrup turns a deep golden brown color, about 15 minutes. Carefully arrange the chilled pie crust over the top of the cooked apples and use a spatula to tuck in the edges.nPut the skillet in the oven and bake until the crust is cooked and is slightly brown in color, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the skillet from the oven and let it stand for around 5 minutes, then invert the pie onto a serving platter.nIn a medium bowl, using a hand mixer on medium speed, whip the heavy cream with the confectioners sugar and the remaining 12 teaspoon of pumpkin pie spice until soft peaks form. Serve the warm tart on individual plates with a dollop of whipped cream., ingredients: [1 9ounce box pie crust mix, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled and cored, 3 Golden Delicious apples, peeled and cored, Lemon juice, as needed, 34 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, plus 12 teaspoon, 1 pinch of salt, 14 cup butter, room temperature, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar], title: Caramel Apple Tart, picturelink: null}, 15516: {instructions: Generously butter a 4quart baking dish. Peel the potatoes and cut into chunks. Bring a large pot of water to a simmer and add the potatoes. Bring to a boil and cook until forktender, 20 to 25 minutes.nHeat 12 inch vegetable oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, fry the shallots until they are slightly golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels.nDrain the potatoes in a large colander. Place them back in the dry pot and put the pot on the stove. Mash the potatoes over low heat, allowing all the steam to escape before adding in the other ingredients. Turn off the heat and add 1 12 sticks butter, the cream cheese, heavy cream, seasoned salt, 12 teaspoon kosher salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Mash to combine.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread threequarters of the shallots in the bottom of the baking dish. Scoop the mashed potatoes on top and spread them over the shallots. Sprinkle the remaining shallots on top of the potatoes.nCut the remaining 12 stick butter into pieces and sprinkle over the potatoes. Bake until the butter is melted and the potatoes are warmed through, 25 to 30 minutes.nThe potatoes can be made a day ahead through the end of step 4 cover and refrigerate. Before serving, dot with butter and bake for an hour.nPhotograph by Dave Malosh, ingredients: [2 sticks butter, softened, plus more for the baking dish, 5 pounds russet or Yukon gold potatoes, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 pounds shallots, thinly sliced into rings, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 to 1 teaspoon seasoned salt, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Mashed Potatoes with Shallots, picturelink: CJ4iC6F08i9zpbLSjoVvT3htLR62Ife}, 15517: {instructions: In a heavy skillet cook the bacon over moderate heat until it is crisp, transfer it to paper towels to drain, and crumble it. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the fat from the skillet and in the fat remaining in the skillet cook the onion over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened. Into a bowl sift together the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In another bowl whisk together the eggs, butter, sour cream, and milk, stir in bacon, onion, and cornmeal mixture, and beat the batter well. Divide the batter among 12 wellbuttered 13cup muffin tins and bake the muffins in the middle of a preheated 425 degree F. oven for 20 minutes, or until they are golden. Turn the muffins out onto a rack and let them cool., ingredients: [14 pound sliced lean bacon, 13 cup thinly sliced scallion, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon doubleacting baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 12 cups sour cream, 14 cup milk], title: Bacon and Scallion Corn Muffins, picturelink: null}, 15518: {instructions: Whisk together the ancho chile, coriander, mustard, paprika, black pepper, salt, chile de arbol, cumin and oregano in a bowl until combined. Store, tightly covered, in a cool, dark place for up to 6 months., ingredients: [14 cup ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chile de arbol or cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dried oregano], title: Bobbys Rub for Beef and Pork, picturelink: null}, 15519: {instructions: Mix together the paprika, chili powder, coriander, 1 teaspoon black pepper and 1 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Sprinkle the steaks on both sides with the spice mixture. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the onions and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and slightly golden, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the garlic, tomato paste and pepper flakes, and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in the beef broth, hot sauce and Worcestershire. Cook until thickened, about 5 minutes. Keep warm.nPrepare a grill or grill pan for mediumhigh heat.nGrill the steaks for 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium rare. Let rest for 5 minutes. Serve topped with the onion sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon paprika, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 strip steaks, about 8 ounces each, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 onions, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup beef broth, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: SpiceRubbed Strip Steaks with SweetandSpicy Onion Sauce, picturelink: vHmGV1s55EFshEya4UtJbUdHUWW5OlW}, 15520: {instructions: Soak mushrooms and lily flowers in boiling hot water for 20 minutes. Drain and reserve soaking liquid.nIn a large pot, combine soaking liquid and chicken stock. Bring to a boil and season with salt. Simmer 5 minutes, add tofu, exotic mushrooms and bok choy. Slowly add egg to soup, stirring gently. Then add pork or chicken. Cover and cook about 5 minutes.nStir a little of the hot stock into cornstarch paste and add this mixture to the soup. Cook another 2 minutes.nStir in sesame oil, vinegar, and chili paste or black pepper. Sprinkle with scallions and cilantro, serve immediately, ingredients: [4 dried Chinese black mushrooms, 4 dried shiitake mushrooms, 14 cup dried Chinese lily buds flowers optional, 5 cups chicken stock, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces fresh firm tofu, cut into thin strips or small cubes, 2 baby bok choy thinly sliced, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 12 pound lean pork, cut into thin strips or 1 4ounce boneless, skinless chicken breast cut into thin strips, 2 tablespoons cornstarch mixed with 14 cup stock to form paste, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 12 teaspoon chili paste or cracked black pepper, 2 thinly slivered scallions green and white parts, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped], title: Hot and Sour Soup, picturelink: null}, 15521: {instructions: Place the fish on a plate and rub over with the curry powder and salt. Heat 3 tablespoons of oil in a large nonstick frying pan until hot. Lightly dust fish pieces with flour and add to the oil. Cook until fish is lightly browned, about 1 minute, turning once. Do not fully cook fish. Remove fish to the plate. To the same pan add onions, garlic, red pepper, mustard, and curry leaves cook until the onions are soft, about 3 minutes. Stir in the water, tomatoes, and tamarind and bring to a boil. Simmer until the sauce is reduced and thickened, about 8 minutes. Gently slip in the fish and the accumulated juices. Cook until the fish is heated through, about 2 minutes. Serve garnished with herbs.nCombine coriander, fenugreek, mustard, cumin, black pepper, fennel, cinnamon, cloves, and grind to a fine powder using an electric grinder. Stir in the turmeric and red pepper and transfer into a jar. Cover tightly and keep in a cool dry place., ingredients: [1 12 pounds of skinless and boneless nonoily fish fillets, such as sole or flounder, cut into 4 serving pieces, 1 tablespoon of curry powder 12 cup of unbleached flour for dusting, recipe follows, Coarse salt to taste, 3 tablespoons of light vegetable oil, 12 cup of finely chopped onions, 1 teaspoon of finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon of ground red pepper, paprika, or their combination, 1 teaspoon of mustard powder, 12 kari leaves or 2 bay leaves, 2 cups water, 12 pound of plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 14 cup tamarind water, or 1 teaspoon tamarind paste dissolved in 14 cup of hot water, or 1 teaspoon prune paste mixed with 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Kari or cilantro sprig for garnish, 2 tablespoons of coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons of fenugreek seeds, 1 teaspoon of mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon of cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon of black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon of fennel seeds, 1 3inch stick cinnamon, 5 whole cloves, 1 tablespoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon of ground red pepper], title: Madras Red Fish Curry Meen Kari, picturelink: null}, 15522: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. In a small baking pan toss the pecans with the butter, the thyme, and the salt until they are coated well and toast them in the middle of the oven for 10 minutes, or until they are crisp and fragrant.nIn a flameproof casserole cook the onion and the bell pepper in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, for 5 minutes, or until they are just softened, and with a slotted spoon transfer them to a bowl. Add the rice to the casserole and cook it, stirring constantly, for 1 minute. Stir in the broth, heated to boiling, and salt and pepper to taste and bring the mixture to a boil. Bake the mixture, covered, in the middle of the oven for 40 minutes. Stir in the onion mixture, bake the pilaf, covered, for 30 minutes more, or until the rice is tender and the broth has been absorbed, and stir in the pecans., ingredients: [1 cup pecan halves, chopped coarse, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 34 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 large onion, halved lengthwise and sliced thin lengthwise, 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into julienne strips, 14 cup olive oil, 2 12 cups wild rice about 1 pound, rinsed well in several changes of water and drained, 4 12 cups chicken broth], title: Wild Rice and Toasted Pecan Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 15523: {instructions: In a food processor or blender, combine the egg yolks, vinegar, citrus juices and zest, honey, salt, pepper, and star anise. While the machine is running, add the oil in a slow, steady stream until the mixture is emulsified. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the chopped hazelnuts for a garnish and process the rest briefly with the mayonnaise. Remove the mayonnaise to a small bowl.nFire up the grill. Brush the asparagus with olive oil and lay horizontally across the grill grates. This prevents them from falling through the grates. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roll the asparagus with tongs to grill them evenly, and dont be afraid to char them a little bit. Cooking time depends on the thickness of the asparagus and the heat of the grill. Mediumthick asparagus takes about 6 minutes.nOn the plate: Arrange the asparagus in bundles on plates. Drape some of the mayonnaise over each bundle. Sprinkle the remaining chopped toasted hazelnuts over the mayonnaise and garnish with orange slices or wedges., ingredients: [2 large egg yolks, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon orange juice, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon grated orange zest, 1 12 teaspoons honey, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch of freshly ground black pepper, 2 star anise, ground about 1 teaspoon, 1 cup peanut or vegetable oil, 12 cup toasted, skinned, and finely chopped hazelnuts, 2 pounds asparagus, tough bottoms snapped off, Olive oil for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 orange, sliced or cut into wedges for garnish], title: Grilled Asparagus with HazelnutStar Anise Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 15524: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSoak the chickpeas in cold water overnight, for 12 hours does not have to be refrigerated.nRinse the chickpeas with cold water. Remove the chickpeas from the water, add the baking soda, mix together and let set for 1 hour.nCover the chickpeas with cold water in a large saucepan, and cook over medium heat until the chickpeas are yellow inside open one to see if yellow, should take 30 to 45 minutes. Put in the refrigerator until theyre cold, about 5 hours.nThen take a food processor and grind the chickpeas until theyre brown and soft. Then add the tahini, lemon juice and salt to taste. Grind again for another 5 to 10 minutes. Ready to serve as, or can add the olive oil for topping., ingredients: [1 pound whole dry chickpeas, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 6 ounces tahini, 2 fresh squeezed lemons, Salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, for serving], title: Hummus, picturelink: EafnGkt4jAkW12dO6N3VXXbeQi1Ud8q}, 15525: {instructions: Halve, seed and thinly slice 1 small acorn squash cut 2 medium tomatoes into wedges. Toss the squash and tomatoes with 1 sliced small red onion, 2 smashed garlic cloves, 1 sprig rosemary, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, and salt and pepper. Roast at 425 degrees F, stirring once, until tender, 40 minutes. Toss with grated parmesan.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: Roasted Squash and Tomatoes, picturelink: Xcn8yLboimGV6YBg7y180OvQHKYVAQK}, 15526: {instructions: In a kettle cook the garlic in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring for 1 minute, add the onion and the jalapeno peppers, and cook the mixture, stirring, until the onion is softened. Add the cumin, the ground coriander seed, and salt and black pepper to taste and cook the mixture, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the carrot and the celery and cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, for 5 minutes. Add the stock, the corn cobs, and 2 12 cups water and simmer the mixture for 15 minutes. Add all but 1 cup of the reserved corn kernels, simmer the mixture for 12 to 15 minutes, or until the kernels are very tender, and discard the cobs. In a blender puree the mixture in batches, blending each batch on high speed for at least 1 minute, or until it is very smooth. If an even smoother soup is desired, after using the blender force the mixture through a fine sieve set over a bowl, pressing hard on the solids. Let the soup cool to room temperature. In a small saucepan of boiling water boil the remaining 1 cup reserved corn kernels for 2 to 4 minutes, or until they are tender, drain them in a colander, and refresh them under cold water. Stir the corn into the soup with the roasted bell pepper, the minced coriander, the cayenne, and salt and black pepper to taste and serve the soup at room temperature. Garnish with fried tortilla strips., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup chopped onion, Two 2inch fresh jalapeno peppers, seeds and ribs discarded and the flesh minced wear rubber gloves, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander seed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup thinly sliced carrot, 12 cup thinly sliced celery, 3 12 cups chicken stock or canned chicken broth, 8 ears of corn, shucked, the kernels cut off the cobs, and the kernels and cobs reserved separately, 1 red bell pepper, roasted and chopped fine, 2 to 3 tablespoons minced fresh coriander or parsley leaves, or to taste, Cayenne to taste if desired, Garnish: Fried tortilla strips], title: Mexican Corn Soup, picturelink: null}, 15527: {instructions: For the Cornbread: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Coat bottom and sides of a 10inch cast iron skillet with vegetable oil and heat in oven. In a medium bowl combine buttermilk and eggs, and stir. Add cornmeal, baking soda, baking powder, salt, and jalapeno peppers, while stirring briskly. Pour batter into hot skillet. Bake for 20 minutes, or until lightly browned.nFor the Dressing: Combine ranch dressing mix, sour cream and mayonnaise and set aside. Place 12 of the crumbled cornbread in the bottom of a large serving bowl. Top with 1 can of pinto beans. Follow with 12 of the cheese, tomatoes, bell peppers, green onions, chile peppers, bacon, corn, and dressing mixture. Repeat ending with the dressing mixture. Cover and chill at least 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 cups buttermilk, 2 eggs, 2 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup chopped jalapeno peppers, 1 package ranch style dressing mix, 8 ounces sour cream, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 recipe cornbread, 2 16ounce cans pinto beans, drained, 3 cups shredded cheddar, 3 large tomatoes, chopped, 12 cup chopped green bell pepper, 12 cup chopped green onions, 12 cup chopped chile peppers, 1 12 cups bacon pieces, 1 15ounce can corn, drained], title: Cornbread Salad, picturelink: null}, 15528: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 315 degrees F.nFor the custard: Pour the milk and half of the sugar into a nonreactive, 2quart heavybottomed saucepan. While the milk is heating over mediumhigh heat, use a sharp paring knife to slice the vanilla bean in half lengthwise. Separate the seeds from the outside skin by scraping the bean with the knife. Place the skin and seeds in the heating milk. Scald the milk mixture by heating it until bubbles start to form around the edge of the pan. Remove from heat.nPlace the remaining sugar, the whole eggs, and egg yolks in a large mixing bowl and whisk until well incorporated. When you add sugar to eggs especially to egg yolks, it is important to create an emulsion quickly or else a chemical reaction that produces heat will occur. If you do not whisk immediately, this heat will cook the egg yolks and cause lumps in the custard. Continue to whisk while slowly pouring the hot milk into the egg mixture and whisking until the mixture is smooth and homogenous in color. Try not to create air bubbles on the surface of the custard when you whisk, as these can form a crust on the baked custard. Pour the mixture through a finemesh sieve to remove the vanilla bean pieces and any overcooked eggs. If you are using raisins, evenly distribute them on the bottom of each mold. Slice the brioche into 34inchthick slices and remove the crust. Dice each slice into 12inch cubes. Fill 6 8ounce molds about halffull with the brioche cubes. Fill the molds halffull with the custard and set them in a roasting pan in the oven it is much easier to transfer the pan with the molds only halffull. Fill the molds to the top with the custard. It is important to fill the molds completely since the custard loses volume as it bakes.nTraditionally, custard is baked in a hot water bath to insulate it from the direct heat of the oven and to keep the eggs from cooking too fast, which would cause them to separate. Use hot water from the tap and pour enough water into the roasting pan to reach halfway up the sides of the molds. When baked correctly, the custard should tremble slightly when gently shaken. In a conventional oven, this should take about 1 hour 15 minutes for a large mold, 45 minutes for individual molds. If you detect any liquid under the skin, the custard is under baked. Put it back in the oven and shake it every 5 minutes until it is ready. If the custard begins to bubble during baking, reduce the oven temperature by 25 degrees F 14 degrees C.nRemove the mold from the oven and the water bath and place on a wire rack for 30 minutes. Refrigerate for 2 hours before serving it will finish setting in the refrigerator. Let the water bath cool before removing it from the oven.nTo unmold: Carefully run a sharp paring knife around the inside of each mold to loosen the custard. Invert a flat plate over the bread pudding. Place 1 hand on either side, grasping both plate and mold, and flip them both so that the mold is on top. Gently lift off the mold. You may need to tap the bottom of the mold to release the custard.nSometimes I like to decorate the plate by alternating drops of Creme Anglaise sauce and raspberry sauce around the bread pudding. Then I swirl the sauces together with the tip of a paring knife.nJacques tip: If you wanted to make this in a single large mold or baking dish, follow the exact same directions using an 8cup mold or baking dish. A large bread pudding will need to bake for about 60 minutes. Use the same test for doneness., ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, 6 large eggs, 4 large egg yolks, 1 large loaf Brioche or croissants, 1 cup hydrated raisins, optional], title: Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 15529: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large skillet, saute zucchini and tomatoes in olive oil over medium heat for 5 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and stir in vinegar and scallions. Sprinkle with pepper.nArrange fish steaks in one layer in a medium oiled baking dish. Pour tomato and zucchini mixture over fish. Bake for 15 minutes or until fish is done.nRecipe provided by Low Cholesterol Olive Oil Cookbook, ingredients: [14 cup Filippo Beriou00ae Olive Oil, 1 medium zucchini, diced, 2 medium tomatoes, diced, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon freshly minced scallions, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound fish steaks, 1 inch thick], title: Baked Fish With Zucchini, picturelink: null}, 15530: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a medium pot and cover with water by about 2 inches. Add a pinch of salt, cover and bring to a simmer over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium high and simmer until just tender, about 5 minutes. Add the snap peas and continue simmering, covered, until the peas are crisptender, about 3 more minutes. Drain the potatoes and peas and rinse under cold water transfer to a large bowl.nMake the dressing: Puree the tomatoes, olive oil, mayonnaise, vinegar and 1 tablespoon water in a blender.nDivide the lettuce among 4 bowls and drizzle with some of the dressing. Add the tuna, bell pepper, olives and basil to the potatoes and peas add the remaining dressing and toss gently to coat. Season with salt and pepper, then pile on top of the lettuce.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound small redskinned potatoes, quartered, Kosher salt, 34 pound sugar snap peas, strings removed, 1 cup cherry tomatoes or chopped plum tomatoes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons light mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 head Bibb lettuce, leaves separated, 2 5ounce cans tuna packed in water, drained, 1 yellow bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped pitted kalamata or nicoise olives, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, Freshly ground pepper], title: Light Nicoise Salad, picturelink: RJz1k4.fiYf9QKJVC0BCscQZOvgTfC}, 15531: {instructions: Bring 4 cups water to a boil whisk in 34 cup instant polenta. Cook over medium heat, whisking, until creamy, 10 minutes. Meanwhile, cook 8 ounces sliced mixed mushrooms in olive oil with 1 minced garlic clove and 1 teaspoon minced rosemary until tender, 6 minutes season with salt and pepper. Serve over the polenta with crumbled gorgonzola and torn parsley.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Polenta with Mushrooms and Gorgonzola, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 15532: {instructions: Arrange the rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 12cup Bundt pan.nIn a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda and salt transfer 14 cup of the flour mixture to a medium bowl. Toss the fruit with the reserved flour mixture.nCombine the butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer. Using the paddle attachment with the mixer on medium speed, beat the butter and sugars until smooth and pale, 5 to 8 minutes. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, until incorporated. Mix in the vanilla. With the mixer on low, alternately add the flour mixture and buttermilk, beginning and ending with the flour. Fold in the fruit. Spoon the batter into the prepared pan it should be about 23 full.nBake until the top is golden and a toothpick inserted in the center tests clean, about 1 12 hours. Let the cake cool in the pan 45 minutes. Run a sharp knife along the sides of the pan to loosen the cake. Invert the cake onto a serving plate., ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks softened unsalted butter, plus more for pan, 3 cups allpurpose flour, spooned and leveled, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 cups ripe fruit such as whole berries, or fruit cut into 12inch pieces, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups buttermilk, Edible flowers and powdered sugar, for garnish optional], title: Fresh Fruit Coffeecake, picturelink: null}, 15533: {instructions: Using a dry skillet over medium heat, toast the coriander seeds and cumin seeds until fragrant, about 2 minutes. In a spice grinder, grind the oregano, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, Anaheim chiles, red chiles, paprika, salt, and peppercorns into a powder. Transfer to a bowl, and set aside.nRinse turkey with cold water, making sure to clean neck and main cavity thoroughly. Pat inside and outside of bird dry with paper towels. The outside of bird must be dry for spice rub to adhere to skin.nWearing rubber gloves, rub spice mixture thoroughly over entire bird. Refrigerate for 2 hours. Spices may be applied up to 1 day ahead. Allow bird to come to room temperature before stuffing.nPlace rack in lower third of oven, and heat oven to 450 degrees. Stuff neck cavity with 3 to 4 cups of Spicy Cornbread Stuffing. Fold neck flap down, and secure to underside of turkey using stainlesssteel trussing pins or wooden skewers. Stuff larger cavity with remaining stuffing.nCut a piece of kitchen twine to twice the length of the turkey. Fold twine in two, and, starting at neck, bring twine forward around body of turkey ending at legs. Tie twine to secure wings and legs to body of bird. Cross turkeys legs, and tie together. Place trussed bird in a Vrack in a large roasting pan.nTransfer turkey to oven. Reduce temperature to 350 degrees. After the first hour, rotate pan every 30 minutes until a meat thermometer reads 160 degrees when inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, 3 12 to 4 hours. Remove from oven, and set aside for 30 minutes before carving.nHeat oven to 350 degrees. Spread pine nuts in one layer on a baking sheet. Bake until golden brown and fragrant, 2 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a shallow bowl, and set aside. Cut cornbread into 34inch cubes, and spread evenly on a baking sheet. Bake, shaking pan periodically, until golden brown on edges, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl, and set aside.nIn a food processor, pulse sausage until coarsely chopped do not overprocess. Set aside.nHeat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add onions, and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add celery and garlic, and cook until celery is soft, about 5 minutes more. Add sausage and pine nuts, and cook for 1 minute more. Add stock, and cook until absorbed, about 2 minutes.nPour sausage mixture over cornbread, and mix well. Add butter and cilantro, and mix to combine. Let cool completely before stuffing turkey.nHeat oven to 425 degrees. Lightly butter an 8inch square pan. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt, and pepper.nIn another bowl, whisk together buttermilk, jalapenos, egg, sugar, and 2 tablespoons melted butter. Add to dry ingredients, and stir until just combined.nPour batter into prepared pan, and bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven, and cool for 10 minutes. Invert onto a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 1 tablespoon dried Anaheim chiles, seeds removed, 1 tablespoon dried red chiles, 3 tablespoons sweet paprika, 3 tablespoons coarse salt, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 turkey 16 to 18 pounds, Spicy Cornbread Stuffing recipe follows, 34 cup pine nuts, 1 recipe Jalapeno Cornbread, day old recipe follows, 1 pound cured chorizo sausage, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 small onions, coarsely chopped, 6 ribs celery, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup homemade chicken or turkey stock, or low sodium canned chicken or turkey stock, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 bunch cilantro leaves, washed well, dried, and roughly chopped, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 medium jalapenos, diced, with seeds, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 13 cup sugar], title: SpiceRubbed Turkey, picturelink: null}, 15534: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLine a large heavy baking sheet with parchment paper. Stack the phyllo sheets on a work surface and roll up into a cylinder. Cut the rolled stacked phyllo sheets crosswise into 12inchwide sections. Unroll the phyllo sections and toss in a large bowl to separate the strips. Gradually drizzle the butter over the phyllo, tossing constantly to coat. The phyllo strips might break up into smaller pieces. Sprinkle the Parmesan over the phyllo and toss gently to coat. Arrange the phyllo mixture evenly over the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the mixture is crisp and golden, about 10 minutes.nCool the phyllo mixture, and then coarsely break it apart into desired pieces., ingredients: [6 sheets frozen phyllo dough, thawed, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Phyllo Croutons, picturelink: null}, 15535: {instructions: In a medium bowl combine all topping ingredients except almonds. Using a pastry blender or 2 forks, combine ingredients to a course consistency. Once combined, fold in the almonds.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 12cup muffin tins with paper liners for 18 muffins.nIn a large bowl using an electric mixer, combine cake mix, eggs, oil, extract and preserves. Batter will be somewhat lumpy.nUse an ice cream scoop to evenly fill each muffin pan with the batter. Sprinkle tops of muffins with 2 teaspoons of almond topping. Bake 17 to 21 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, Pinch ground cinnamon, 14 cup butter, cut into small pieces, 14 cup slivered almonds, 1 box vanilla cake mix, 3 eggs, 13 cup vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 12 cup cherry preserves], title: Very Cherry Almond Muffins, picturelink: NUseiECdYuzJy55cp2NolryAWnysLXO}, 15536: {instructions: Preheat a pizza stone if you use one along with the oven to 425 degrees F.nStretch dough to form a pie and transfer to stone or pizza baking tray. Pierce the dough with the tines of a fork in several places. Drizzle extravirgin olive oil around the crust. Mix the ricotta cheese with garlic and parsley and season it with salt and black pepper. Spread the ricotta across the dough. Top the pizza with mozzarella or provolone. Bake until crispy, 20 minutes. Top the white pizza pie with the shredded basil leaves, cut and serve., ingredients: [1 store bought pizza dough  or pick one up from your favorite pizzeria, Extra virgin olive oil, for drizzling, 2 cups whole or part skim ricotta, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 2 cups shredded mozzarella or provolone, 1 pouch, 10 fresh basil leaves, 12 cup, shredded], title: White Pizza, picturelink: 3vsuqcq0yLYjGrltVtdhoNW9eTsVq..}, 15537: {instructions: Roughcut onion, carrot, garlic and place in the food processor. Add 12 teaspoon salt and celery seed and pulse until finely chopped. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil to a saute pan, add carrot mixture and cook till just tender, about 3 to 5 minutes.nPlace lentils, breadcrumbs, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper in a bowl. Add the cooked carrots over the top, and slightly mash together. Combine the cornstarch, Worcestershire and water add to the lentil mixture. Mash together once again with a spoon or spatula. If making taco meat, add the jalapeno and taco seasoning.nForm burgers into patties, sliders or meatballs. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil to pan and cook burgers on mediumhigh heat until heated thoroughly and slightly crispy on the outside, about 5 minutes per side. Serve on a bun with your favorite toppings lettuce, onion and tomato are on our version., ingredients: [12 small onion, roughly chopped, 1 small carrot, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, 1 tsp. salt, divided, 14 tsp. celery seed, 2 Tbs. olive oil, divided, 1 lb. cooked lentils, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 12 tsp. pepper, 2 Tbs. cornstarch, 1 Tbs. Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup water, 1 small jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 2 Tbs. taco seasoning], title: Meatless Favorites VegetableBased Alternative to Ground Meat, picturelink: null}, 15538: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, toss the potatoes, chopped garlic, chopped oregano, olives and red pepper drizzle generously with olive oil and season with salt. Arrange the potatoes and friends in the bottom of a baking dish large enough to accommodate the fish. Roast in the oven for 20 minutes. Remove and reserve.nMake 3 diagonal slices about 12 inch deep on each side of the fish. Season the outside and inside with olive oil and salt. Place the lemon slices, bay leaves, whole oregano sprigs, parsley and the remaining smashed garlic inside the body cavity of the fish.nPour the wine over the potatoes, lay the fish on top and toss the whole thing in the oven for 35 to 40 minutes, or until the eyeballs pop out.nRemove the skin and bones and serve the fish over the potatoes.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [3 or 4 large Yukon gold potatoes, sliced 18 inch thick a mandoline works well here, 6 cloves garlic 4 smashed and finely chopped 2 just smashed, 1 bunch fresh oregano half with leaves finely chopped half as whole sprigs, 12 cup pitted gaeta or kalamata olives, slivered, Pinch of crushed red pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 3pound fish such as a snapper or bass, scaled, gutted and gills removed, 1 lemon, sliced, 3 fresh bay leaves, 12 bunch fresh Italian parsley, 1 cup dry white wine], title: Whole Roasted Fish With Sliced Potatoes, Olives and Herbs, picturelink: aGdQ4rC6Otl3usGCHUiy9U3ALi8kJOO}, 15539: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDissolve the sugar in the water in a large container. Steep the oatmeal, lime peel, and cardamom, if using, in the sugar water for 1 hour. Strain and serve over ice with a squeeze of lime juice., ingredients: [12 cup piloncillo sugar, grated, 1 quart warm water, 2 ounces old fashioned rolled oats, not instant, 1 small lime, peeled, body halved and reserved, 12 teaspoon cardamom seeds, optional], title: Refresco de Avena, picturelink: jbt1ZnRxpGhtSTxm.MUN20o3Fu7jH2}, 15540: {instructions: For the cake:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 3 8inch round cake pans and line the bottom of the pans with parchment paper. Spray the paper and pans with baking spray. Set the pans aside until ready to use.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer on medium speed, beat the oil and sugars together until combined. Mix in the vanilla and add the eggs, 1 at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add the carrots and pineapple and mix until combined.nIn a large bowl sift together the 2 12 cups flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cardamom and cinnamon. With the mixer speed on low, add the flour mixture to the carrot mixture alternately with the buttermilk, beginning and ending with the flour. Mix until just combined. In a small bowl, toss the pecans with the remaining 1 tablespoon of flour. Fold the pecans into the batter.nPour the batter evenly into the prepared cake pans. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, about 35 to 45 minutes. Cool the cakes in the pans on wire racks for 15 minutes. Remove the cakes from the pans and cool completely on the racks.nWhile the cakes are cooling, prepare the icing. In the bowl of an electric mixer on medium speed, beat the butter and cream cheese together until well combined. Reduce the speed to low and gradually add the confectioners sugar. Mix until combined. Add the vanilla and white chocolate. Increase the speed to mediumhigh and beat until smooth, about 1 to 2 minutes. Set aside 1 cup of icing for decoration. Add the heavy cream and beat until combined.nTo frost the cake, arrange 1 cake layer on a cake plate. Spread the top with the cream cheese icing and top with a second and third cake layer, spreading the icing between each layer. Spread the icing on top and around the sides of the cake. Apply the almonds to the sides of the frosted cake. Fill a pastry bag, fitted with a star tip, with the reserved icing and pipe a border around the top of the cake. Cut the cake and serve., ingredients: [Baking spray recommended: Bakers Joy, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 cups white sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, packed, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 3 cups grated carrots about 6 to 8 carrots, 12 cup drained crushed pineapple, 2 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup buttermilk, at room temperature, 34 cups toasted pecans, chopped, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 packages 12 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 6 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 ounces fine white chocolate, melted and cooled, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 cup sliced almonds, toasted and coarsely chopped], title: Cardamom Spiced Carrot Cake with White Chocolate Cream Cheese Icing, picturelink: 7MxTEN6nnc3HDQYBzPO42UlNUBIXGui}, 15541: {instructions: For the espelette salt garnish: To prepare the glasses, combine the salt, piment despelette and sugar in a shallow dish. Wet the edges of 4 rocks glasses with a lime wedge, then dip into the mixture. Fill the glasses with ice.nFor the margarita: Combine the watermelon juice, tequila, lime juice and triple sec in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake vigorously, strain into the rimmed rocks glasses, garnish with lime wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup rock salt, 1 teaspoon piment despelette, 1 teaspoon sugar, Lime wedges, for the glasses, 8 ounces fresh watermelon juice, 6 ounces silver tequila, 2 ounces lime juice, 2 ounces triple sec], title: Watermelon Margarita with Espelette Salt, picturelink: NWD08FUszDr4JfGmp7igkzHmW.o3yCu}, 15542: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine juice, jerk seasoning and oil. Rinse halved hens and pat dry with paper towels. Put the hens in a ziptop bag and pour in the marinade. Turn hens in the bag to coat evenly. Close the bag and refrigerate for 2 to 4 hours.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove the hens from the marinade and place in a roasting pan, breastside up. Pour the remaining marinade over the hens. Roast for 40 to 45 minutes or until cooked through and golden brown.nGarnish with cilantro., ingredients: [14 cup frozen pineapple juice concentrate, thawed, 1 tablespoon jerk seasoning blend, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 cornish game hens, halved, Fresh cilantro sprigs, for garnish], title: Sweet and Spicy Glazed Cornish Game Hens, picturelink: null}, 15543: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a medium skillet over high heat. Add oil then beef, and begin to brown and crumble with a wooden spoon, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, then add chopped hot dogs and continue browning, another 3 minutes. Add onions and seasonings, Worcestershire, chili powder, and cumin. Cook another 3 to 5 minutes. Add tomato sauce and simmer 5 minutes more.nPreheat broiler.nArrange corn chips on a platter or in a casserole dish. Top the chips with the cooked chili dog topping. Cover the chili dog sauce with cheese. Melt cheese under hot broiler, 2 minutes, until melted and bubbly. Garnish with sour cream, salsa and chopped scallions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 pound ground sirloin, Salt and pepper, 2 hog dogs, sliced into 12 inch pieces, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 1 sack yellow corn tortilla chips, 1 sack, 10 ounces, shredded yellow Cheddar, Sour cream, garnish, Salsa, garnish, 2 scallions, chopped], title: Chili Dog Nachos, picturelink: KGX9bDhPq7LmNT4kQW4q6nqgJvtDSNi}, 15544: {instructions: Remove the giblets from the chicken. Discard the liver it makes the broth bitter and hold onto everything else. Rinse the chicken with cool water. Put the chicken, onion, and giblets in a large stockpot. Pour in enough cold water just to cover by 1 inch about 3 quarts. Toss in the garlic and herbs and allow the water to slowly come to a boil over medium heat. Skim off the foam then reduce the heat and simmer gently for 1 hour, uncovered, until the chicken is cooked through. Skim any impurities that rise to the surface add more water if necessary to keep the chicken covered.nCarefully remove the chicken to a cutting board and let it cool. With a slotted spoon, remove the vegetables, giblets, thyme and bay leaf from the pot and discard. Reserve chicken broth. When the chicken is cool enough to handle, discard the skin and bones shred the meat by hand.nMeanwhile, seed, core, and thinly slice the poblano peppers.nHeat a 2count of olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Dust the vegetables with the ground cumin, coriander, and oregano, and stir cook 1 minute. Stir in the ground tortillas. Pour in the reserved chicken broth, season with salt and cook 20 minutes. Now add the shredded chicken and chiles, and the cilantro and cook 5 more minutes. Taste for seasoning.nTo serve, ladle the chili into big bowls and garnish with grated cheese, cilantro, and a wedge of lime. Serve with the Smoky Chile Cornbread.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the bacon into a cold 10inch cast iron pan and cook over medium heat until the fat is rendered and the bacon bits are crisp, 5 to 7 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove the bacon to a paper towel lined plate. Keep the bacon fat in the pan and set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, sugar, baking soda, and salt. In a separate bowl beat the eggs with a whisk until foamy whisk in the milk. Add the milk mixture to the dry ingredients and stir just until combined. Fold in the bacon bits, chile, and chives. Pour the batter into the cast iron pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 chicken, about 3 12 pounds, 1 large onion, peeled, 3 cloves garlic, peeled, 14 bunch fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 4 poblano chiles, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 cup finely ground tortilla chips ground in a food processor, Salt, Leaves from 12 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, Smoky Chile Cornbread, recipe follows, Shredded Jack cheese, Chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Lime wedges, 4 strips bacon, chopped, 2 cups cornmeal, white or yellow, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 eggs, 2 cups milk, 1 canned chipotle chile, drained, stemmed, seeded and minced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives, optional], title: Chicken Green Chili, picturelink: null}, 15545: {instructions: Place the rice in a strainer and rinse under cold running water until the water is fairly clear, about 5 minutes. Shake the water out and allow the rice to dry in the strainer for 15 minutes.nPut the rice in a pot with exactly 3 cups of water and cook covered over high heat until it starts to foam, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Turn off the heat and sprinkle with 14 cup mirin. Replace the lid and allow the rice to steam for 15 minutes. Place in a bowl and cool to room temperature.nTo prepare the sushi, place a bamboo sushi roller flat on a table with the bamboo reeds horizontal to you. Sprinkle lightly with water. Place 1 nori sheet on top, smooth side down, and moisten lightly with mirin. With damp hands, press 1 14 cups rice flat on top of the nori, leaving 1 12inch edges on the top and bottom, but pressing all the way to the sides. Make sure the rice is pressed even and smooth.nSpread 14 teaspoon of wasabi paste in a horizontal stripe near the lower edge of the rice. Over the wasabi, lightly sprinkle the red onions in a horizontal stripe. Place strips of carrots in a horizontal stripe, on top of the wasabi and onions, and follow by piling the red and yellow peppers, scallions, and cucumbers on top, making a tight, straight bundle of vegetables. Place 1 layer of pickled ginger slices on top.nTo roll the sushi, pick up the near edge of the bamboo roller and hold it with the nori, then pull them up and over the vegetable bundle until the nori reaches the rice on the other side. Press the roller to make a round bundle, then roll the bundle to the far edge of the nori and press again to make a round bundle. The nori should totally enclose the rice and vegetables in a round tube, but the ends will have rice and vegetables sticking out. Repeat the process with the remaining ingredients. Keep the rolls under a damp towel and refrigerate until ready to serve. To serve, slice off the ends with a very sharp knife and slice each roll into 8 equal pieces.nMeanwhile, for the sushi dipping sauce, combine the wasabi powder and water to make a paste. Mix in the red pepper flakes, ginger, scallions, vinegar, soy sauce, and sesame oil. Serve the sushi at room temperature with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 14 pounds sushi rice 2 34 cups, 3 cups water, 14 cup mirin, plus additional for moistening nori, 5 sheets nori 1 package, 4 teaspoons wasabi powder, mixed with 2 teaspoons water, 12 cup smalldiced red onion, 1 carrot, julienned, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 1 yellow bell pepper, julienned, 1 scallion, julienned green part only, 1 hothouse cucumber, seeded and julienned, 1 10ounce jar pickled ginger, 12 teaspoon wasabi powder, 14 teaspoon water, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon minced pickled ginger, 1 teaspoon minced scallion green part only, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons good soy sauce, 12 teaspoon dark sesame oil], title: Vegetable Sushi, picturelink: null}, 15546: {instructions: Place a large skillet over medium heat and add the oil. When it is hot, add the garlic and ginger and cook for 1 minute. Add the coriander, garam masala and salt and pepper, and cook for 30 seconds. Stir in the tomato paste, and then add the chicken legs. Sprinkle with salt and let them cook for 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth, cilantro and crushed tomatoes, and let it simmer until the chicken is fully cooked, about 30 minutes. Serve with plenty of sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon garam masala, A pinch of salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 4 chicken legs, 3 cups chicken broth, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup crushed tomatoes], title: Cilantro and Coriander Chicken, picturelink: null}, 15547: {instructions: HEAT oven to 300 degrees F. Combine butter, graham cracker crumbs and sugar in medium bowl. Press onto bottom of ungreased 9inch springform pan.nBEAT cream cheese in large bowl with electric mixer until fluffy. Gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk until smooth. Add remaining ingredients, mixing well. Pour into prepared pan.nBAKE 65 minutes or until center is set. Cool to room temperature. Chill thoroughly. Garnish as desired., ingredients: [13 cup butter, melted, 1 14 cups graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup sugar, 3 8 oz. pkgs. cream cheese, softened, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 2 cups 12 oz. pkg. semisweet chocolate chips, melted or 8 1 oz. squares semisweet chocolate, melted, 4 large eggs, 2 tsps. vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 15548: {instructions: Coating the rims of the glasses: In a flat dish or saucer, pour a small amount of framboise. Place 14 cup vanilla sugar in another saucer. Briefly dip the rim 6 champagne glasses, 1 at a time, in the framboise, and then in the sugar. Set aside to dry.nPour 2 tablespoons framboise into each glass. Add a few raspberries and then fill with champagne., ingredients: [34 cup framboise, plus more for dipping glasses, 14 cup vanilla sugar or granulated sugar, for dipping glasses, Fresh raspberries, for garnish, 1 bottle good Champagne], title: Raspberry Royale, picturelink: null}, 15549: {instructions: In a large skillet, toast the cumin, coriander, and cardamom over low heat until you smell the spices, about 1 minute. Grind the spices finely in a spice grinder. Add oil to the skillet, and heat over mediumhigh until the oil is very hot or smoking. Add the chicken and season with salt and pepper. Let the chicken brown before stirring and brown evenly on each side. Add the curry powder, chili powder, cinnamon, tomatoes, onion, garlic, ginger, coconut milk, and white wine. Bring to a boil, and then simmer over low heat until the sauce thickens, about 1 hour. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and add the cilantro.nLadle the masala over a bed of basmati rice. Lightly spray the uncooked poppadum with vegetable spray on both sides and cook in the microwave on high until poppadum is puffed and crisp, about 45 seconds. Serve with mango chutney on the side., ingredients: [1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon cardamom pods, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 whole chicken breast, cut into cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 cinnamon stick, 2 large tomatoes, diced, 12 red onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, diced, 1 teaspoon fresh ginger, chopped, 13 cup coconut milk, 13 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 cup cooked basmati rice, 2 uncooked Indian poppadum, 2 ounces prepared mango chutney], title: Chicken Bhuna Masala, picturelink: null}, 15550: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill to high. Brush cut side of zucchini with 2 tablespoons of the oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill, cutside down, until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Turn over and continue cooking until just cooked through. Remove from heat and cut into small dice.nHeat remaining oil in a medium saucepan on the grates of the grill. Add the onion and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the corn kernels and cook for 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, chile peppers, diced zucchini, and heavy cream and cook until the cream is reduced by half and begins to thicken. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove from the heat and add the cheese and cilantro., ingredients: [2 zucchini, halved lengthwise, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 red onion, peeled and finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 ears fresh corn, kernels cut off, 2 tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 poblano chile, grilled, peeled, seeded, and diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, grilled, peeled, seeded, and diced, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup crumbled queso fresco cheese, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves], title: Grilled Zucchini Succotash, picturelink: dZI7z2TbADp9FOQMYzKSf8OL.36pGsm}, 15551: {instructions: Fill a large saucepan with water, add a pinch of salt, and bring to a boil. Add the Brussels sprouts and cook them for about 8 minutes. Remove the sprouts from the heat, drain, and then chill them in the refrigerator. Slice the sprouts in half when they have cooled.nIn a large skillet, cook the bacon over medium heat until it is done. Discard all but 2 tablespoons bacon fat and grease from the pan, leaving the 2 tablespoons in the pan. Add the garlic and cook for a few minutes over mediumlow heat until fragrant. Add the sprouts and cook until heated through. Season the sprouts with kosher salt and fresh black pepper, to taste., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 4 cups whole Brussels sprouts, 8 slices molassescured shoulder bacon or regular bacon, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Brussels Sprouts with Garlic and Bacon, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 15552: {instructions: Preheat the grill or a grill pan.nCut each heart of romaine in half lengthwise, leaving the end intact so each half holds together. Cut the tops of the lettuce, if necessary. Brush with olive oil and grill over medium heat until the lettuce chars and wilts slightly, about 6 minutes, turning a few times. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [2 hearts romaine lettuce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Hearts of Romaine, picturelink: null}, 15553: {instructions: Make the crust: Put the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the butter and shortening pulse just until the pieces are the size of large peas. While pulsing, gradually add the elderflower liqueur and 13 cup ice water until the dough comes together. Turn out the dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead gently until smooth. Divide the dough between 2 sheets of plastic wrap use the plastic wrap to form each half into a disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Toss the blueberries, sugar, flour, elderflower liqueur and salt in a large bowl. Let sit until juicy, 30 minutes. Position a rack with a baking sheet in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F.nRoll out 1 disk of dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch deepdish pie plate, pressing the dough into the bottom and up the side. Roll out the second disk of dough on a lightly floured surface.nToss the berries again and pour the mixture into the prepared crust. Moisten the edge of the crust with cold water and lay the second dough round over the filling gently press the top and bottom crusts together around the edge. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edges. Cut a few slits in the top crust to let steam escape. Beat the egg with 1 teaspoon water. Brush the pie with the egg mixture and sprinkle lightly with sugar.nPut the pie on the hot baking sheet and bake 15 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F bake until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, about 55 more minutes. Cover the edge of the crust with foil if it is browning too quickly. Transfer to a rack and let cool at least 4 hours before serving.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [3 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons very cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 13 cup very cold vegetable shortening, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons elderflower liqueur such as StGermain or elderflower juice, For the filling:, 8 cups fresh blueberries about 4 pints, 34 to 1 cup sugar depending on the sweetness of your berries, plus more for sprinkling, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons elderflower liqueur or elderflower juice, Pinch of salt, 1 large egg], title: BlueberryElderflower Pie, picturelink: IoUCqDKKTRanSUfFWrMPcAyKgB05bbu}, 15554: {instructions: Score the top of the duck breast before marinating.nMarinade: Combine the soy sauce, garlic, ginger, 5spice, brown sugar, chili flakes, basil, cilantro, and salt. Add the duck to the marinade and coat well.nHeat a large saute pan over high heat. Add the duck breasts and saute until golden brown on both sides and cooked to your desired temperature, about 3 minutes per side for medium rare.nRemove the duck from the pan and keep warm. Deglaze the pan with coffee. Add the reserved marinade and reduce to desired consistency.nIn a mixing bowl, combine dashi with sugar and rice wine vinegar. Transfer mixture to a blender and add garlic, fresh ginger, pickled ginger and pinch of salt. Slowly add salad oil to the blender. Refrigerate until needed.nHave fryer heated to 360 degrees F.nDeepfry the menlo until golden brown, about 30 seconds. Remove from the oil to a paper towel lined plate. On a platter, place deepfried menlo topped with spring mix. Slice duck breast and place on top of greens. Serve with chilled pickled ginger vinaigrette. Sprinkle with macadamia nuts., ingredients: [4 duck breasts, skin on, 12 cup soy sauce, 34 cup minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon Chinese 5spice powder, 2 cups brown sugar, 12 teaspoon chili flakes, 12 cup minced basil leaves, 12 cup minced cilantro leaves, Salt, 12 cup brewed Hawaiian coffee, 34 ounce bonito flavored soup base dashi, 2 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons fresh ginger, 12 ounces pickled ginger, Pinch salt, 1 12 cups salad oil, Oil, for deepfrying, 4 egg roll wrappers sometimes called menlo, 6 cups spring mix greens, 14 cup chopped macadamia nuts], title: Oriental Duck Salad, picturelink: null}, 15555: {instructions: Peel apples and cut into quarters. Remove cores, roughly chop, and reserve.nHeat oil in a large saucepan over high heat. Add mustard seeds, cover and cook until popping stops. Reduce heat and add onion, red bell pepper, and salt. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until onions are translucent. Stir in garlic, serrano chile, ginger, and allspice, and cook an additional minute.nAdd remaining ingredients, including reserved apples. Cook, uncovered, over moderate heat, until mixture is soft and aromatic, about 40 minutes. Chill before serving., ingredients: [4 green apples, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 1 onion, diced, 1 red bell pepper, cored and diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons pureed garlic, 1 to 2 serrano chiles, diced with seeds, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 cup raisins, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 34 cup red wine vinegar, 1 cup water], title: Spicy Apple Chutney, picturelink: null}, 15556: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nHeat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a skillet. Lightly brown the garlic, remove from heat and toss with the spinach. Place on top of the bread cubes.nReturn skillet to the heat, add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Sear the portobello slices on both sides and arrange in a circle overlapping on the top of the spinach. Add more olive oil as needed. Sprinkle the cheese on top.nBeat eggs and add the half and half, cream, salt and pepper. Pour over top. Bake for 30 minutes, ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 cups chiffonade of spinach, 3 cups day old French bread, cubed in 12inch squares, 1 pound portobello mushrooms stems removed and caps thinly sliced, 1 cup ParmigianoReggiano, 4 eggs, 34 cup half and half, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon pepper], title: Portobello Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 15557: {instructions: Start a wood campfire and wait until the flames die down and the coals glow red with white ash. Lower a grilling grate so that it sits above the coals and you have nice, even medium heat. Wash the potatoes well in cold water, prick each all over with the tip of a knife and rub them all over with olive oil. Rub salt all over the potatoes this will help crisp the skin. Tightly wrap each potato in aluminum foil.nPlace the potatoes on the grill grate over red coals medium heat and cook about 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes, turning halfway through. Feed the fire with more wood as needed. When done, the tip of a paring knife will go straight through the potato without resistance you can do this through the foil.nIn a small bowl, combine the scallions, chopped herbs and sour cream. Set aside.nCut the potatoes open through the foil and peel back the foil to expose the potato. Squeeze the potatoes gently from the bottom to expose the soft, fluffy insides. Season with salt and pepper, top with butter and finish with a big spoonful of the herbed sour cream.nPhotograph from Guy on Fire: 130 Recipes for Adventures in Outdoor Cooking, ingredients: [4 large baking potatoes Idaho or russet, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt, 14 cup sliced scallions, 14 cup chopped mixed fresh herbs, such as chives, dill and parsley, 1 12 cups sour cream or plain Greek yogurt, Freshly ground pepper, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature], title: Camping Baked Potatoes with Herbed Sour Cream, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 15558: {instructions: Greek yogurt and cilantro, for topping, optional.nPut the chicken in a large saucepan and cover with 8 cups of cold water. Add the onion, 2 smashed cloves garlic and bay leaf and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally and skimming any foam that may appear on the surface, until the chicken is cooked through, about 30 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate to cool for 25 minutes reserve the broth.nDiscard the skin and bones, shred the meat and reserve it for later. Strain and reserve the broth into a large measuring cup or bowl you should have 6 cups, supplement with water if needed discard the onion, garlic and bay leaf.nHeat a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and when it is hot, add the sweet onion, 4 chopped cloves garlic and jalapeno and cook, stirring, until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the chili powder, cumin, cayenne pepper, and some salt and pepper and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the diced tomatoes, black beans and the reserved broth. Season the soup with a pinch of salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer and cook for 30 minutes. Stir in the chicken and corn tortillas and continue simmering until the chicken is heated through and the corn tortillas soften, about 15 minutes more., ingredients: [2 bonein, skinon chicken breasts 1 12 pounds, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, plus 4 cloves, finely chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 sweet onion, such as Vidalia, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and diced, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes in their juices, Two 15ounce cans lowsodium black beans, rinsed and drained, Four 6inch corn tortillas, cut into strips], title: Chicken Tortilla Soup, picturelink: null}, 15559: {instructions: For the Rub and the Burger: Mix all dry ingredients. Reserve 2 tablespoons for the potato chips. Add olive oil to the remainder. Makes rub for 10 burgers. Can refrigerate for prolonged period of time. Shape ground buffalo into a patty. Rub burger with rub and let marinate for 30 minutes to 1 hour. Grill to desired doneness.nFor the Salsa: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Roast the tomatillos in greased pyrex dish for about 15 to 20 minutes. Its okay if they char.Chop all ingredients in processor with 14 cup, combined, lemon and lime juice, bunch of fresh cilantro and salt and pepper to taste.nFor the Avocado Relish: Combine all ingredients and refrigerate until serving time.nFor the Chips: Fry in peanut oil at 375 degrees until golden brown and crisp. Drain on paper towels pat. Add reserved 2 tablespoons dry rub and 2 tablespoons kosher salt. Season chips with salted rub., ingredients: [10 ancho chilis, roasted at 350 for 4 to 5 minutes, seeded and ground to a powder, about 12 to 34 cup, 4 tablespoons ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons ground coriander seed, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons cumin powder, 1 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 8 ounce. ground buffalo, 6 tomatillos out of husk, 2 small red onions, peeled, 2 seeded jalapenos, 2 ripe Haas avocados, peeled, cubed, 1 medium chopped red onion, 2jalapenos, seeded and diced, Pinch salt, Pepper to taste, Juice of 3 limes, 1 lemon, 12 orange, 4 large Idaho potatoes, peeled, sliced thin in processor or on a mandolin], title: Chili Rubbed Buffalo Burger with Tomatillo Salsa and Avocado Relish, picturelink: null}, 15560: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan over medium heat.nSeason the lobsters with salt and pepper. Place both the lobsters and the marinated yellowtail snapper on the grill. Grill over medium heat until the lobsters are white and begin to separate from the shell and the snapper is opaque and no longer mushy should be soft and slightly firm to the touch.nAfter removing from the grill, divide each yellowtail snapper into 2 servings. Place 1 whole lobster and half a yellowtail snapper on each plate. Top the lobster with the Mango Salsa. Serve with grilled vegetables of your choice and Garlic Whipped Boniato.nIn a nonreactive dish, combine all ingredients and mix well. Marinate the scored yellowtail snappers in the Fresh Mojo in the refrigerator for about 2 hours.nIn a medium bowl, combine all ingredients and mix well. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve over grilled lobsters. Yield: 15 servingsnBring a large pot of water to the boil and then salt the water.nUse a paring knife to peel the boniato. Boil until tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Strain and then transfer to the bowl of an electric mixer. Add remaining ingredients to mixer and then mix until all ingredients are thoroughly combined and boniato is mashed., ingredients: [15 whole Florida lobsters, split, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 yellowtail snapper, previously scored and marinated in Fresh Mojo, recipe follows Can substitute any variety of snapper, such as white bass, Mango Salsa, recipe follows, Garlic Whipped Boniato, recipe follows, 4 cups sour orange juice, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 4 tablespoons ground cumin, 12 cup chopped garlic, 4 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoons black pepper, 2 cups diced mango, 14 cup diced roasted red pepper, 14 cup cooked black beans, 2 bunches cilantro, leaves chopped, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 cup vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 pounds boniato See Cooks Note, 1 pound sour cream, 1 pound butter, 12 cup roasted garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Florida Keys Lobster and Yellowtail Snapper Barbecue with Fresh Mojo, Mango Salsa, and Garlic Whipped Boniato, picturelink: 3ENo21eejvN1rr1N6lJfWKGNXyU1Uq}, 15561: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the pasta according to the packet instructions. Then drain and rinse in cold water until cool. Set aside.nCut the bacon into 12inch pieces and throw into a large skillet. Saute until slightly crisp, and then remove to a papertowellinedplate.nFor the dressing, mix the mayonnaise, milk, vinegar, salt, and sugar if using in a small bowl.nStir together the pasta, dressing, tomatoes, bacon, Cheddar and green onions in a large mixing bowl. Taste for seasonings, adding more salt and pepper if needed.nStir in the basil at the end., ingredients: [12 ounces funshaped pasta, such as radiator, 8 slices thin bacon, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup whole milk, 4 tablespoons white vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, Dash sugar, optional, 10 ounces grape tomatoes yellow and red, halved lengthwise, 12 pound Cheddar, cut into small cubes, 3 green onions, thinly sliced, Ground black pepper, 24 whole basil leaves, chiffonade], title: Kid Friendly Pasta Salad, picturelink: kmmO7XHNfDNQG0YB8OHl9xd0n1rq6Mi}, 15562: {instructions: Evenly distribute the apricots, pears, apples, grapes and cinnamon sticks among 4 mason jars. Fill the jars halfway with white wine and add a couple splashes of brandy, then refrigerate for 4 to 5 hours. Add a little ice and fill the rest of the jars with club soda. Take to a picnic or a tailgate, ingredients: [1 cup diced apricots, 1 cup diced pears, 1 cup diced apples, 1 cup halved grapes, 4 cinnamon sticks, One 750milliliter bottle white wine, 1 cup brandy, 1 liter chilled club soda], title: Personal Sangrias, picturelink: CkCQxL6HJE..oiu2QbfFBellD4DCidi}, 15563: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the Polenta: Bring the chicken stock, butter, pepper, and salt to a boil in a heavybottomed pot. While whisking the hot stock in a quick circular motion, rain in the polenta by letting it stream through your fingers. This will prevent lumping.nReduce the polenta to a gentle simmer it must be stirred constantly for 25 to 35 minutes to prevent lumps or scorching. Be very careful when stirring, the mixture is very hot think lava and can burn you if it boils and sputters. If it begins to boil cover the pot and reduce the heat until boiling stopsnThe polenta is cooked when it is no longer grainy and has become creamy. My grandmother says good polenta takes 30 minutes, great polenta takes 1 hour.nStir in the Parmesan and basil and pour onto a buttered sheet pan to cool. When cool, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate. Cut the polenta into any shape you desire thats structurally sound. In other words, a shape that wont fall apart on the grill easily, or be difficult to remove from the sheet pan after roasting. Squares, triangles, stars etc.nMake the Marinade and Vegetables: Whisk together the vinegar and garlic. While whisking, drizzle in the oil to make a smooth dressing. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss the vegetables with the marinade.nWhen ready to serve, preheat an outdoor grill or indoor grill pan.nBrush the polenta lightly on both sides with olive oil and grill, turning once, until the edges are brown and crispy.nAt the same time grill the vegetables until they are tender but still firm.nPile the vegetables on top of the polenta, then stand back and wait for the applause, ingredients: [4 cups chicken stock, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 cups polenta or cornmeal, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup finely shredded basil leaves, Softened butter for the pan, Olive oil, as needed, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 clove garlic, minced, 34 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 red onions, cut into 12inch thick slices, 2 zucchini, cut into 12inch thick slices on the diagonal, 2 yellow squash, cut into 12inch thick slices on the diagonal, 2 red bell peppers, cored, seeded, and cut into 2inch pieces, 12 pound asparagus, tough ends removed, 12 pound mushrooms], title: Roasted Polenta with Garden Vegetables, picturelink: bQ6B.6rtGRDWcPB7DKmrn0jKSIMNZRi}, 15564: {instructions: HEAT oven to 375 degrees F. Pour cola in microwavesafe measuring cup or bowl. Let stand, stirring occasionally, while preparing crust. Combine crushed pretzels, sugar and butter until moistened. Press evenly in 8x8inch baking pan. Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly toasted. Cool completely.nMICROWAVE cola on HIGH 2 minutes or until boiling. Pour over gelatin in medium bowl. Stir gently 2 to 3 minutes until gelatin is dissolved and foam disappears. Stir in black cherry topping. Chill 10 to 15 minutes or until just slightly thickened.nMEASURE 1 14 cups whipped topping in small bowl. Add 12 cup gelatin mixture, stirring until evenly blended. Spread over cooled pretzel crust. Chill 10 minutes. Spoon remaining gelatin mixture over whipped topping layer. Chill 1 hour or until firm. Top with remaining 1 cup whipped topping., ingredients: [1 12 cups colaflavored carbonated beverage 12 oz. can, 1 14 cups crushed pretzels, 2 tbsps. sugar, 6 tbsps. butter, melted, 2 3 oz. pkgs. black cherry flavored gelatin, 1 11.75 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Black Cherry Flavored Topping, 2 14 cups frozen whipped topping, thawed, divided], title: Black Cherry Layered Pretzel Dessert, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 15565: {instructions: Simple Syrup: Heat sugar and water in saucepan over low flame until sugar is completely dissolved. Simple syrup can be stored in sealed container in refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.nIn a mixing glass, gently muddle the mint leaves, simple syrup and lemon juice. Fill pint glass with ice. Shake all ingredients well and strain using a spring strainer over fresh ice. Top with club soda and garnish with mint leaves and a lemon wheel., ingredients: [4 mint leaves plus more for garnish, 2 14 ounces simple syrup recipe follows, 1 12 ounce freshly squeezed lemon juice, Ice, Club soda, Lemon wheels, 4 tablespoons sugar, 4 tablespoons water], title: JulepStyle Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 15566: {instructions: Blanch 13 pound each halved baby carrots, green beans and yellow beans, 2 to 4 minutes. Cool in ice water, then put in a glass bowl with 12 sliced red onion. Make the brine: Boil 2 cups each white vinegar and water, 14 cup kosher salt, 2 bay leaves, 34 cup sugar, the zest and juice of 1 lemon, and 1 teaspoon each peppercorns and coriander seeds pour over the vegetables, then let cool. Chill at least 4 hours.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Quick Pickled Vegetables, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 15567: {instructions: Slice each banana in half lengthwise, then cut them in half. Lay out one lumpia wrapper on clean surface. Roll banana in sugar and place on wrapper near edge. Roll banana in wrapper once, then turn in edges and keep rolling. Seal the opposite edge with water.nDeep fry at 350 degrees until golden brown, about 35 minutes on each side. Drain on paper towels., ingredients: [8 lumpia wrappers, 4 bananas, sugar], title: Torrones, picturelink: null}, 15568: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the bottom of a 9by9inch square pan with parchment paper and spray with cooking spray.nIn a medium bowl, combine the crumbs, granulated sugar and melted butter and press into the bottom of the prepared pan. Bake until browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Set aside.nIncrease the oven temperature to 450 degrees F and make the filling.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese until fluffy, then add the brown sugar and flour. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the vanilla. Fold in the chopped pecans.nPour the batter into the crust and bake for 10 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 250 degrees F and bake until slightly browned on top, an additional 50 minutes. Allow to cool completely, about 20 minutes, then refrigerate for at least 2 hours. Cut into 9 bars before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the pan, 1 cup graham cracker crumbs, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons salted butter, melted, Three 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 1 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup finely chopped pecans], title: Praline Cheesecake Bars, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 15569: {instructions: Gently mix the beef, egg, onion, cracker crumbs, sage, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl using your hands. Divide into 4 equal portions and shape into oval patties, about 12 inch thick.nHeat 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brown the patties, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate.nAdd 1 tablespoon butter to the skillet and cook the mushrooms until slightly browned, about 2 minutes. Stir in the Worcestershire sauce, and salt and pepper to taste, scraping up any browned bits. Sprinkle in the flour and stir, then stir in 2 12 cups hot water and simmer until the sauce begins to thicken, about 2 minutes. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, swirling to combine.nReturn the patties and any juices from the plate to the skillet. Simmer until the sauce thickens and the patties are cooked through, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle with parsley and season with salt and pepper. Serve with noodles, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 14 onion, finely chopped about 13 cup, 7 saltine crackers, finely crushed about 14 cup, 1 teaspoon minced fresh sage, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 ounces sliced mixed mushrooms, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Buttered egg noodles, for serving optional], title: Salisbury Steak With Mushrooms, picturelink: cWwIoy37ih8MyQNtyeJDekTencuuU6}, 15570: {instructions: In a stainless steel mixing bowl, toss the tomatoes with a little gray salt followed by the jalapeno pepper. Juice the mixture through a juice extractor such as a Juiceman then pour the mixture into a pitcher. Refrigerate. This can be done up to six hours before serving.nRub the top rims of the glasses with a lemon wedge, and dip the rims in a saucer filled with the fennel spice. The spice will cling to the rim of the glass and flavor the drink as you sip. Fill the glasses with ice. Pour the tomato juice into each glass about an inch from the top. Garnish each with a fennel frond., ingredients: [3 lbs. yellow tomatoes, peeled and cut into large pieces, 1 or 2 green jalapeno peppers, stem removed and cut into large pieces, 1 lemon, cut into wedges, 1 oz. fennel spice rub, 6 fennel fronds, gray sea salt], title: Yellow Tomato Virgin Bloody Maria, picturelink: null}, 15571: {instructions: For the filling: Mix together the heavy cream, peanut butter, powdered sugar and vanilla extract and set aside.nFor the cake: Add the chocolate chips and butter to a small bowl and microwave for 20 to 30 seconds to melt. Stir and set aside.nIn a bowl, whisk together the egg, sugar and vanilla extract until smooth. Add the cocoa powder, flour, baking powder and salt, and stir until a thick batter forms. Add the melted chocolate to the batter and stir to combine. Transfer the batter to a microwavesafe mug and then pop it in the microwave for 2 minutes.nAllow the cake to cool slightly and then insert the handle of a wooden spoon into the center of the cake to create a well. Fill the well with peanut butter cream. Microwave the marshmallow spread for 10 seconds or so, to soften it up. Top the cake with the marshmallow spread and dig in., ingredients: [14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup creamy peanut butter, 14 cup powdered sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons semisweet chocolate chips, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 to 3 tablespoons marshmallow spread, such as Fluff], title: Microwave Chocolate Cake with Peanut Butter Cream, picturelink: IK.MEt2aLgc2DwoWeKlzMybqasgX9eu}, 15572: {instructions: In a medium bowl, using an electric hand mixer, beat the butter until light and smooth. Beat in the powdered sugar, milk and vanilla until smooth and creamy.nPlace the chocolate chips in a small bowl and place over a small pan of barely simmering water. Heat, stirring occasionally, until the chocolate is melted and smooth, about 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat. Add the melted chocolate to the vanilla frosting and stir until smooth., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick butter, at room temperature, 3 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 13 cup semisweet chocolate chips, such as Ghirardelli], title: Chocolate Frosting, picturelink: yY36Pw7t5wKutSKN27.LwrbSHldEuq}, 15573: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nOn a silpat or parchment lined baking tray, lay out lollipop sticks in rows, leaving 2 inches of space between them for fun freeform lollipops.nCombine the sugar, corn syrup, and water in a clean, dry, small saucepan preferably one with a pouring spout fitted with a candy thermometer and bring to a boil over high heat. Without stirring, cook until the mixture reaches 305 degrees F or hard crack stage on the candy thermometer. While the syrup is cooking, occasionally wash down the sides of the pan with a clean brush dipped in water, to prevent crystallization. Set up an ice bath in a sink.nWhen the mixture is done, remove the pot from the heat and dip it into the ice bath for 15 seconds to stop the cooking. Remove the pot of syrup from the ice bath and stir in 12 teaspoon orange extract. Divide the sugar mixture between 2 heatsafe measuring cups. Color 1 measuring cup with yellow food coloring and the other with blue food coloring, stirring very gently with a wooden skewer so that the color is evenly distributed. To avoid air bubbles in the finished lollipops, stir the mixture gently in both directions, but be careful not to over mix.nPour or carefully spoon a little of the syrup around each lollipop stick, creating freeform designs covering at least a 14inch of the end of each lollipop stick. Then add blue coloring to the yellow measuring cup to make green and add red food coloring to the blue measuring cup to make purple, and pour more syrup onto the pops.nRewarm the syrups in the microwave a few seconds at a time if they are cooling too much and setting up. Cool the lollipops for at least 20 minutes, until hard. Lift off the pan and store in an airtight container for up to 1 week, or 2 to 3 days if the weather is very humid.nNotes about the recipe: Lollipops are the last thing you expect to see on a petitfour tray in a fancy restaurant  so thats why I like to serve them last at mine. People burst out laughing when these jewellike treats arrive on a silver platter after dessert. But then they sit back and savor those suckers right down to the stick I never get tired of watching Chicagos most elegant diners licking lollipops like kids  and taking a last few minutes to enjoy the evening.nUsing a very long stick makes these lollipops look and feel more fancy. The flower petals are also very pretty, but optional. If you plan to make these without lollipop molds, just arrange the sticks and petals on the cookie sheet. Let the syrup cool a bit to thicken it slightly, and then pour it over the ends of the sticks., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 23 cup corn syrup, 23 cup water, 12 teaspoon orange extract, Few drops food coloring yellow, blue, red], title: Psychedelic Lollipops, picturelink: NhIThBlOsEp.KpGw0p7N4ZdxTG1RnFy}, 15574: {instructions: Combine the spelt with 1 12 cups of water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium low, cover and simmer until most of the water is absorbed and the grains are tender but still chewy, about 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit, covered, for 10 minutes. Let cool completely. The spelt can be cooked up to 1 day ahead and refrigerated.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bell pepper, scallion whites, celery and Canadian bacon and cook, stirring frequently, until the vegetables are crisptender and the ham is lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and 12 teaspoon of the Cajun seasoning and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the spelt, tomatoes, scallion greens, parsley and salt to taste. Cook, stirring, until the spelt and tomatoes are warmed through, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat, transfer to a medium bowl and cover to keep warm. Wipe out the skillet.nSprinkle the pork chops all over with the remaining 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning and 1 teaspoon salt. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in the empty skillet over mediumhigh heat. Nestle the pork chops in the skillet snuggly. Cook until nicely browned on both sides and an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of each registers 140 degrees F, about 4 minutes per side.nDivide the pork chops among four plates. Serve with the warm grain salad, and with wedges of lemon and hot sauce on the side if using., ingredients: [34 cup spelt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small green bell pepper, cut into thin 1inch strips, 4 scallions, cut into 12inchlong pieces, white and green parts separated, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 2 ounces Canadian bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 12 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 12 cup roughly chopped parsley, Kosher salt, 4 bonein pork chops, each about 34inchthick and 8 ounces, Lemon wedges and Louisianastyle hot sauce for serving, optional], title: PanSeared Pork Chops with Warm Cajun Grain Salad, picturelink: R72foMItCmMJnOByj0I3PASqnmBrTYu}, 15575: {instructions: Place beef tripe into a pot of boiling water, just enough to cover the tripe. Add garlic and onions and salt. Cover and cook for about 1 hour. When tripe is tender add the remaining ingredients including the hominy and cook about 15 or 20 minutes longer. Add more salt if needed. This is a spicy dish and it goes well with cilantro and a twist of lime. Corn tortillas are a good compliment., ingredients: [1 pound beef tripe, cut into small squares, 3 fresh cloves garlic, minced, 3 teaspoons salt, 12 cup red chile powder, 2 teaspoons oregano leaves, 1 tablespoons coarse black pepper, 1 teaspoons cumin powder, 12 small onion chopped, 1 small can hominy, yellow or white], title: Menudo, picturelink: null}, 15576: {instructions: For MascarponeChocolate Cake: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, 1at the time, beating well after each addition. Add mascarpone and vanilla mix well. Combine the flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt add to the creamed mixture alternately with buttermilk, beating well after each addition. Pour batter into a 10inch cake pan and bake for 45 minutes.nFor LavenderHoney Butter Cream: Cook sugar to a soft ball stage. Wisk the egg whites until stiff. Slowly pour cooked sugar into egg whites. Continue to whisk until meringue cools down to room temperature. One by one add small pieces of butter, then stir in the honey.nFor Milk Chocolate Ganache: Chop Chocolate into small pieces and place into a bowl. Bring heavy cream to a boil and poor over the chocolate. Stir until all pieces are melted.nTo assemble: Cut cake in 3 equal disks. Fill the first layer with the milk ganache and the second layer with the lavenderhoney butter cream. Use the butter cream to frost the sides and top of the cake., ingredients: [34 cup butter, softened, 1 23 cups sugar, 2 eggs, 34 cup mascarpone, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 23 cup baking cocoa, 2 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons lavender honey, 8 ounces sugar, 5 egg whites, 8 ounces butter, 6 ounces milk chocolate, chopped, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Moist Mascarpone Chocolate Cake with a Honey Cream Filling, picturelink: null}, 15577: {instructions: Butter and lightly flour 6 6ounce ramekins. Tap out any excess flour.nIn a small saucepan, bring to a boil 2 inches of water. In a large glass bowl, add butter, chocolate and espresso powder. Lower heat and place bowl over the simmering water. Slowly whisk mixture until the chocolate is almost completely melted. Remove bowl from heat and continue to whisk until all chocolate has melted. Allow to cool slightly.nIn a large bowl, add eggs, yolks, and sugar. Using an electric mixer, beat until light and fluffy and pale in color. Reduce speed to mediumlow and slowly pour in the chocolate mixture. Add the flour and mix until just combined. Do not overwork the batter.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nDivide the batter between the molds. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Place chocolate molds onto baking sheet and place in oven for 7 minutes. If not baking immediately, cover chocolate molds with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve, up to 8 hours. When ready to bake, place refrigerated chocolate molds onto baking sheet and place in oven for 10 minutes. The top and sides should be cooked and dry and the inside will be runny.nUsing oven mitts, carefully invert each mold onto a plate and let it sit for 10 seconds. Then lift 1 corner of the ramekin and the cake should slip out. Sprinkle about 12 teaspoon Frangelico over each cake. Spoon berries around the chocolate cake and garnish with mint. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted softened butter, plus extra for buttering molds, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 12 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 4 large eggs, 4 large egg yolks, 23 cup granulated sugar, 4 teaspoons allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting molds, 3 tablespoons Frangelico or hazelnut liqueur, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 1 cup fresh strawberries, Fresh mint, for garnish], title: Warm Chocolate Cakes with Berries, picturelink: obv4pNPVTO2ynEybgm1w2NHE9hgJMAG}, 15578: {instructions: To peel the peaches, plunge them into boiling water for 2 to 3 minutes. remove and remove peel cut peaches in halfnBring water, sugar, vanilla and lemon slices to a boil. Add the peaches and simmer until tender. Remove the vanilla bean from the syrup and reduce the syrup by a third.nPit the peaches and cut them in quarters. Set them in a bowl, add the grapes and cranberries and pour hot vanilla syrup over them chill until ready to eat. Eat as is chilled or as a topping for frozen yogurt or pound cake, ingredients: [8 peaches, peeled, 3 cups water, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 to 3inch piece of fresh vanilla bean, 3 slices lemon, 2 cups seedless red or green grapes, 12 cup dried cranberries, Fresh mint for garnish], title: Poached Peaches in Vanilla Syrup, picturelink: null}, 15579: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the sour cream, lime juice and cumin. Transfer half of the mixture to a larger bowl and add the beef. Allow the beef to marinate, refrigerated, for at least 3 hours. Refrigerate the remaining sour cream mixture.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Once hot, put a baking sheet lined with foil in the oven for 20 minutes to heat up.nPlace the beef on the hot baking sheet a little of the sour cream mixture sticking to the beef is fine. Sprinkle the peppers and corn over top and season with salt and pepper. Roast until the beef is medium rare and the peppers are slightly tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and keep warm.nCombine the cilantro and onions in a bowl. Warm the tortillas over a burner or in the oven.nDivide the beef and corn mixture among the tortillas, followed by the cilantro and onion mixture, jalapenos and cheese. Drizzle with the remaining sour cream mixture and serve with a lime wedge on the side., ingredients: [2 cups sour cream, 2 tablespoons lime juice plus 1 lime, cut into wedges, for garnish, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 ounces skirt steak, sliced into 12inchwide strips, 2 cups diced red bell pepper, 12 cup corn kernels, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cups fresh cilantro leaves, 1 cup very thinly sliced Spanish onions, Six 6inch white flour tortillas, 1 jalapeno, seeded and julienned, 1 cup grated cotija cheese], title: Mexican Street Corn Fajitas Cheat Sheet, picturelink: CkCQxL6HJE..oiu2QbfFBellD4DCidi}, 15580: {instructions: Make the vinaigrette: In a blender puree all the ingredients except the oil. With the motor running add the oil in a slow stream. Preheat the grill. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the potatoes with enough oil just to coat. Arrange them in one layer in a shallow roasting pan, sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste and roast until tender, about 35 to 40 minutes. Set aside to cool. Cut the potatoes into halves or quarters if theyre large, then slide them onto skewers for grilling. Grill the potatoes and onions until browned and just cooked through. Toss gently with the vinaigrette and the coriander., ingredients: [1 teaspoon finely grated fresh orange zest, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons canned chipotle chilies in adobo or to taste, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon firmly packed brown sugar, 1 cup olive oil, 4 pounds new potatoes, Olive oil for coating the potatoes, 2 medium red onions cut crosswise 13inch thick, 1 red pepper, cut into julienne strips, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander], title: Grilled Potato Salad with Orange Chipotle Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 15581: {instructions: Measure the pan sauce ingredients in a measuring cup liquid always totals 12 cup. Pour the liquid into hot skillet once meat, poultry or fish has been removed. Reduce liquid to 14 cup. Tilt the skillet and whisk in butter or cream, and spoon over each portion and serve., ingredients: [], title: How to Make a Pan Sauce, picturelink: null}, 15582: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the ramen noodles minus the seasoning packs to very al dente according to the package instructions. Let cool.nMix together the peanut butter, lime juice and 13 cup Asian dressing. Toss with the cabbage mix and cold noodles. Let sit for at least 30 minutes, tossing a couple times in between.nPosition a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to broil. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nMix the miso, honey and remaining 2 tablespoons Asian dressing in a small bowl. Season with salt if necessary. Liberally brush both sides of the salmon with the miso glaze. Place on the prepared baking sheet and broil on the middle rack until the fish is browned, the flesh is opaque and the interior is 145 degrees F, 8 to 10 minutes.nPlace the cooked salmon on top of the cold noodle salad. Garnish with a liberal sprinkling of toasted sesame seeds and scallion greens., ingredients: [2 packages instant ramen noodles, 2 tablespoons peanut butter, Juice of 1 lime, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons storebought Asian sesame dressing, One 8ounce bag shredded cabbage mix red and green cabbage plus carrots, 14 cup red miso, 2 tablespoons honey, Kosher salt, Two 6ounce skinless salmon fillets, Toasted sesame seeds, for garnish, Thinly sliced scallion greens, for garnish], title: MisoGlazed Salmon Cold Noodle Salad, picturelink: Uuiiu9c8r528l0wBJTf9wFE.jYo39jS}, 15583: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F and coat a baking sheet with oil and sprinkle it with salt and pepper.nPlace the potatoes, cut side down, on the tray and place in the preheated oven. Roast until just golden brown and just tender, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the potatoes from the oven and hold them in a warm place.nMix the horseradish, parsley, lemon zest, mustard, and 2 tablespoons of garlic in a small bowl. When it is evenly combined, add the bread crumbs and toss them gently. Drizzle 3 ounces of the olive oil over the crumb mixture and stir gently taking care not to break up the crumbs or make the mixture too heavy. Season the mixture, to taste, with salt and pepper.nSeason the salmon fillets with salt and pepper then heat the canola oil in a saute pan over medium high heat. When the oil just begins to smoke, sear the salmon paves, topside down, 2 pieces at a time, for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove to a lightly greased baking tin, placing the seared side up and repeat the process with the other 2 pieces of salmon. Sprinkle the bread crumb mixture over the top of the fish creating an even layer 18inch to 14inch thick. Roast the salmon until the crust is golden brown and fish is just firm, approximately 5 to 7 minutes.nWhile the salmon is baking, bring the fish stock, remaining 1 ounce olive oil, and remaining tablespoon of garlic to a boil in a nonreactive saucepan. Then add the braising greens, cover and cook for 2 to 3 minutes until the greens are wilted. Add the lemon juice and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Arrange the greens in the center of 4 shallow bowls surrounded by the roasted potatoes and braising liquid. Top each with a roasted pave of salmon., ingredients: [Oil, Salt and pepper, 8 new potatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 1 cup chopped fresh parsley, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon zest, 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard, 2 tablespoons minced fresh garlic, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 cup Japanesestyle bread crumbs recommended: panko, 3 ounces extravirgin olive oil, plus 1 ounce, 4 to 6 Chinook salmon fillets, recommended: pave cut 2 inches by 2 inches by 1 inch, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 cup fish stock or clam juice, 2 quarts mixed braising greens chard, kale, mustard greens, and endive, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Horseradishcrusted Chinook Salmon with Braised Greens and Roasted New Potatoes, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 15584: {instructions: Cut cucumbers into 18inch thick slices and in a bowl layer slices, sprinkling each layer with salt. Chill cucumbers, covered, 2 hours.nIn a colander drain cucumbers and rinse thoroughly. Drain cucumbers well and squeeze dry in handfuls. Pat cucumbers dry on towels. In a bowl stir together mustard, vinegar, and sugar and stir in cucumbers and dill., ingredients: [2 English cucumbers, 2 teaspoons salt, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon whitewine vinegar, 14 teaspoon sugar, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill leaves, optional], title: Cucumber Salad with Mustard Dressing, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 15585: {instructions: To make the onion spread: Drizzle the vegetable oil into a wide pan over high heat. Once hot, add the onion rings and saute for about 2 to 3 minutes. Then, reduce the heat to low, and cook slowly for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. When the rings are nice, soft and a mediumgolden brown color, pull them off the heat.nSeason with the kosher salt, black pepper and smoked paprika.nPut the softened and malleable cream cheese into a bowl. Incorporate the caramelized onions and stir with a spatula to combine. The heat of the onions will help melt the cheese.nThe leftovers can be saved, refrigerated, in an airtight container for about a week and used on bread, burgers, or almost anything.nTo make the blue cheese spread: Place the softened cream cheese into a bowl with the crumbled blue cheese. Using a spatula, mix the cheeses together until they develop a nice and smooth consistency, adding a drizzle of heavy cream if the mixture is too stiff.nSeason the mixture with the Worcestershire, chives, salt and black pepper.nTo make the stuffed celery: Place both spreads into 2 separate heavy plastic bags. Cut off the tip of 1 corner from each bag and use them to pipe the spreads onto the celery stalks., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 large yellow onions, thinly sliced into rings, Pinch kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 cup cream cheese, softened, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 34 cup blue cheese, preferably Roquefort, crumbled, Dash heavy cream, as needed, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, Pinch kosher salt, Freshly ground black peppercorns, 12 cup pistachio nuts, 8 celery stalks, leaves attached], title: Stuffed Celery Stalks, picturelink: null}, 15586: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 1quart casserole dish with cooking spray.nTrim the cauliflower and cut into florets.nSteam the cauliflower in a large pot with a little water over mediumlow heat until tender. Remove the cauliflower from the pot to a towel to remove excise moisture.nHeat the butter in a medium saucepan 2quart over medium heat. When the butter has melted, whisk in the flour. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes.nAdd the milk, whisking constantly to make sure there are no lumps.nCook another 3 to 4 minutes, allowing the sauce to thicken. Season with salt and pepper, to taste and add the nutmeg.nPut the cauliflower into the prepared pan. Top with half of the cheese. Pour the white sauce bechamel over the cheese. Top with the remaining cheese and the bread crumbs.nBake, uncovered for 20 to 30 minutes until golden and bubbly., ingredients: [1 large head cauliflower about 3 pounds, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups milk, Kosher salt and freshlyground black pepper, 2 cup shredded Gruyere, 12 cup shredded Parmesan, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 14 cup panko Japanese bread crumbs or coarsely ground fresh bread crumbs], title: Cauliflower Gratin, picturelink: null}, 15587: {instructions: In a pan over high heat add 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Heat until oil starts to lightly smoke. Add the mushrooms. Cook until lightly brown, stirring frequently. Add 4 tablespoons shallots and season with salt and pepper to taste. Let cool and reserve. In a mixing bowl, add the mushrooms, 2 cups of cooked turkey, tomatoes, chives, bread crumbs, 4 remaining tablespoons shallots, thyme and eggs. Mix well to incorporate. Divide mixture into 4 portions and shape into burgers. Lightly coat burgers with fresh bread crumbs. Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, add burgers and cook until golden brown approximately 2 minutes on each side. Serve with a bun and French fries., ingredients: [6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup mushrooms, diced, 8 tablespoons shallots, 2 cups cooked turkey, diced, 4 tablespoons tomatoes, diced, seeded, 4 tablespoons chives, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 4 teaspoons fresh thyme, 3 whole eggs, Salt and pepper], title: Turkey Burger, picturelink: null}, 15588: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saute pan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomatillos,nonion, garlic, and chiles. Cook for about 7 minutes until the tomatillo skins are browned.nCarefully peel the garlic cloves and transfer the mixture to a blender. Add the cilantro and 1 cup of water. Process until smooth, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the salsa into a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 tomatillos, husks removed, 12 white onion, 2 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 3 whole chiles de arbol or thai chiles, stemmed, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 cup water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Easy Chile Salsa, picturelink: ndEoa2amJMYTd1JqN43mG5uoa6eQW}, 15589: {instructions: Combine the molasses, water, vinegar, mustard, honey, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the onion and carrot and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and jalapeno and cook for 30 seconds.nAdd the beans and lobster and cook until slightly heated through, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl, add the dressing and parsley and toss to coat. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving to allow flavors to meld., ingredients: [14 cup molasses, 3 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons clover honey, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small Spanish onion, finely diced, 1 carrot, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno, finely diced, 34 pound pinto beans, soaked overnight, cooked until tender and drained well, 1 12 cups grilled chopped lobster meat, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: LobsterPinto Bean Salad, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 15590: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Put the potatoes in a roasting pan and sprinkle with the basil, sage, rosemary and garlic. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle extravirgin olive oil on the potatoes, put the roasting pan in the oven and bake until golden brown and tender, approximately 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds potatoes, peeled, thinly sliced, 4 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 4 fresh sage leaves, chopped, 1 sprig rosemary, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Patate al Forno: Baked Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 15591: {instructions: For the coconut sauce: Place a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. When it is hot, add the ginger and onions and cook until golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the curry leaves, coriander seeds and green chili and cook for 30 seconds. Add the coconut milk, turn the heat down to low and continue to cook until the sauce has thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Taste for seasoning and add salt as needed. Keep warm.nFor the halibut: Place a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. Sprinkle the halibut with the coriander, cumin, salt and pepper and place them in the pan. Cook on one side for 4 minutes, and then turn the heat down and continue to cook until they are done, 3 to 4 minutes. Keep warm.nFor the peas: Place a small skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the butter. When it begins to foam, add the mustard seeds and cook until they begin to pop, about 1 minute. Add the peas and saute until they are bright green and tendercrisp, 3 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve: Ladle some coconut sauce on each of 4 plates. Place a halibut fillet over it and garnish with sauteed peas., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped ginger, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup dried curry leaves, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, crushed, 1 green chili, seeds removed and minced, 1 cup coconut milk, A pinch of salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, Four 4 to 6ounce halibut fillets, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, A pinch of salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon black mustard seeds, 1 cup fresh or frozen green peas, A pinch of salt and pepper], title: Halibut with Coconut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 15592: {instructions: Soak the rice in 2 cups water for 1 hour. Drain and pour the rice into a food processor. Grind until broken up but not powdered. Pour into a pot with 4 cups water and add the oil. Bring to a boil and cook 20 minutes, stirring continuously.nMix 3 cups water, 2 cups coconut milk and the sugar in a bowl. Let stand to dissolve, 20 minutes.nIncorporate the sugar mixture and half the butter to the rice, stirring over medium heat. After 5 minutes, add the remaining 2 cups coconut milk, the remaining butter, the saffron and rose water. Simmer until the rice is cooked and has a thick consistency, 15 more minutes. Remove from the heat and pour into a serving bowl, stirring to cool. Place in the refrigerator for 4 hours to set. Garnish with pistachios and candied orange peel., ingredients: [2 cups long grain rice, 14 cup vegetable oil, 4 cups coconut milk, 4 cups sugar, 1 stick butter, 13 teaspoon saffron, steeped in 2 tablespoons hot water, 2 tablespoons rose water, 12 cup pistachios, finely chopped, 12 cup candied orange peel], title: Coconut Milk Rice Pudding, picturelink: qRhzl6wgm653Nyayje6yjv2eosIUEC}, 15593: {instructions: Rinse the fish under cold water and pat dry. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Arrange 4 fillets in a single layer in a glass or enamel pie plate. Top with half each of the scallions and ginger, then lay the remaining 4 fillets on top to make 4 sandwiches. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon soy sauce and refrigerate until ready to cook, or up to 30 minutes.nRemove the fish from the refrigerator. Fill a wok or large Dutch oven with 2 to 3 inches of water bring to a boil. Put a large steamer in the wok the water should not touch the bottom of the steamer. Set the pie plate in the steamer, cover and steam until the fish is cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer the fish to a plate and drizzle with any collected juices.nHeat the peanut oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining ginger, the garlic, jalapeno, sugar and 12 teaspoon salt and stirfry 30 seconds. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon soy sauce and remove from the heat. Slice the remaining scallions into matchsticks and scatter over the fish along with the bell pepper. Pour the ginger mixture on top. Serve with rice.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [8 4to5ounce skinless white fish fillets such as cod or halibut, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 5 scallions, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled and cut into matchsticks, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 jalapeno pepper red or green, seeded and cut into matchsticks, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 red bell pepper, cut into matchsticks, Cooked white rice, for serving], title: Asian Steamed Fish, picturelink: KWag3UIDlgxkiRq3MTRBTefnjj2Zgf2}, 15594: {instructions: In a resealable plastic bag combine garlic, rosemary, oregano, kosher salt, black pepper and olive oil. Place the steak in the bag and massage bag to mix ingredients and distribute into the steak. Squeeze the excess air from the bag and seal. Marinate for at least 30 minutes at room temperature.nPreheat grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat and lightly oil grate. Remove steak from the marinade, shake off excess and discard the remaining marinade. Cook the steak on the preheated grill to desired degree of doneness, about 4 minutes per side for mediumrare. Allow the steak to rest in a warm place for 5 minutes before slicing thinly across the grain.nWhile steak is grilling place grape clusters on hot grill cook 4 to 5 minutes or until the grapes begin to char and soften, turning occasionally.nIn a small bowl mash together the butter, blue cheese, chives, 18 teaspoon of black peppe and salt set aside.nServe rested steak with a dollop of blue cheese butter alongside grilled grapes., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, chopped, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds flat iron or flank steak, 1 small bunch 12 pound champagne grapes, broken into clusters, 3 tablespoons softened unsalted butter, 1 heaping tablespoon crumbled blue cheese, 1 tablespoon fresh chives, chopped, 18 teaspoon cracked black pepper, Pinch of salt], title: Grilled Flat Iron Steak with Blue Cheese Butter and Grilled Grapes, picturelink: null}, 15595: {instructions: For the herb oil: Put the rosemary, thyme, 2 tablespoons oil, and garlic in a mortar and pestle. Grind until the herbs form a paste consistency. Put in a bowl, add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil, season with salt and pepper, stir to incorporate and set aside.nFor the avocado BLT: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking tray with aluminum foil and put a cooling rack on top.nPut the bacon on the cooling rack and cook in the oven until crisp, approximately 20 minutes, remove and set aside to cool.nPut the bread slices on a tray, brush with herb oil and put in the oven until lightly toasted.nTo assemble: Put the avocado slices on the bread, smash with a fork, season with salt and pepper.nPut 3 slices tomato over the smashed avocado and season with salt and pepper, follow with 4 slices bacon and finish with lettuce. Top with the remaining bread and cut in half.nFor the malt vinegar dipping sauce: Put the shallot, garlic, bay leaves, sugar, pepper, salt, and malt vinegar in a bowl, then stir and set aside.nFor the frites: Cut potatoes in equalsize sticks, approximately 14inch wide. Put the potatoes in a large bowl, soak in cold water for a minimum of 30 minutes, maximum 24 hours.nHeat the vegetable oil in a deep fryer or heavybottomed large pot to 325 degrees F using a deepfry thermometer to register the temperature. Put a cooling rack on a baking tray.nDrain the potatoes and dry thoroughly. Divide the potatoes into batches, fry the potatoes until lightly colored. Remove the potatoes and put on a cooling rack. Repeat with the remaining potatoes.nRaise the heat of the vegetable oil to 375 degrees F and fry the blanched potatoes in batches until golden brown and crisp. Remove the frites from the oil and put in a bowl lined with paper towel, season with salt and continue to fry the remaining potatoes. Serve immediately with the malt vinegar dipping sauce.nFor the avocado pudding: Put 14 cup milk in a small bowl, sprinkle the gelatin over and stir to dissolve. Add the remaining milk to a small pot and warm over low heat.nPour a small amount of warmed milk into the bowl with the milk and gelatin, stir to incorporate, then pour the mixture back into the pot with the warmed milk.nPut the avocado, lemon zest, lemon juice, salt, and condensed milk in the blender add the warmed milk with the gelatin and puree until smooth.nDivide the mixture evenly into serving cups, put the plastic wrap directly over the surface of the pudding to prevent a skin from forming, refrigerate for approximately 1 hour to set., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, 1 clove garlic, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 slices bacon, 8 slices bread, Herb Oil, 2 avocados, halved, pitted and sliced into wedges, 2 ripe tomatoes, 1 red leaf lettuce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 shallot, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Salt, 1 cup malt vinegar, 4 to 5 large russet potatoes, Vegetable oil, for frying, Salt, Malt Vinegar Dipping Sauce, 1 12 teaspoons gelatin 12 package gelatin, 12 cup milk, 1 ripe avocado, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Pinch salt, 12 cup condensed milk], title: Avocado BLT, Frites with Malt Vinegar Dipping Sauce and Avocado Pudding, picturelink: null}, 15596: {instructions: 1.Thinly slice the artichokes using a mandoline, then toss in bowl with the apples, parsley, olive oil, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 34 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper.n2. Sprinkle the scallops with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot, then sear the scallops, turning once until browned and just cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes. Sear the scallops in batches and clean out the pan completely before the next batch. Transfer the scallops to a plate.n3. Reduce the heat to low, then whisk the remaining 6 tablespoons butter into the skillet 1 tablespoon at a time, until brown and creamy. Whisk in the lemon zest, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, and season with salt and pepper. Place the scallops around the artichokes and drizzle with the butter sauce., ingredients: [8 ounces Jerusalem artichokes, 12 Golden Delicious or Braeburn apple, diced, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 20 large sea scallops, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Scallops with Jerusalem Artichokes and Lemon Butter, picturelink: bkEhb1u8hVAcMgdxjKVJJe8fS6uxPIC}, 15597: {instructions: Adjust the oven racks to the top and middle position. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nRoughly cut the tender green leafy parts of the broccoli rabe from the heavier stems. Chop the greens into large pieces, about 2 inches, and transfer to a medium bowl. Toss with 2 tablespoons of the oil and salt and pepper to taste and lay out in a single layer on a baking sheet. Chop the stems into 12inch pieces and toss in the same bowl with the remaining tablespoon oil and more salt and pepper. Spread onto another baking sheet, scattering until they lay flat. Place the stems onto the top rack of the oven and the greens in the middle. Roast in the oven until the stems are tender and the leaves are charred on the edges and crispy, about 12 minutes.nCombine the feta, olives and chickpeas in a medium bowl. When the broccoli rabe is cool enough to handle, toss together with the chickpea mixture until evenly combined. Drizzle with a generous amount of oil and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [], title: Roasted Broccoli Rabe with Olives, Chickpeas and Feta, picturelink: null}, 15598: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat an oven to 350 degrees F.nFilling: Add the fruit to a large bowl and sprinkle with lemon juice, sugar and tapioca flour. Toss the ingredients until they are coated.nDough: In a food processor, combine the flour, baking powder and sugars and pulse 3 to 4 times. Slowly pour in the buttermilk and mix until the dough comes together. Remove the dough from the processor and turn out on a lightly floured board. Divide the dough into 34 and 14 portions. Press the larger amount into the bottom of a 12inch cast iron skillet. Add the filling and top with 6 to 8 even dollops of the remaining dough.nTopping: Sprinkle the dough tops with the cinnamon and sugar and evenly dot the butter over the cobbler. Put the skillet in the oven and bake until bubbly, about 50 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool for 15 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 pounds ripe peaches, peeled, pitted and sliced, about 8 cups, 12 pint blackberries, 12 pint blueberries, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons tapioca flour, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more as needed, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup brown sugar, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 8 small pats], title: Easy to Gobble Cobbler, picturelink: ZI9QplqRpBIZ5c5HtNLxhiYLc6ZWv1.}, 15599: {instructions: In a bowl whisk together Dijon and balsamic vinegar, gradually whisk in the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.nToss vegetables with vinaigrette and parsley, transfer to serving bowl., ingredients: [1 teaspoons Dijon, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, 4 large tomatoes cut into wedges, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 3 cups frozen artichoke hearts, thawed, halved or quartered, depending on size, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley], title: Tomato and Artichoke Salad, picturelink: null}}