{15900: {instructions: Heat a stovetop grill pan or griddle with cooking spray and set over mediumhigh heat. Spread soft herbed cheese on 4 slices of bread. Top cheese with pork, pickles, watercress, and Swiss cheese. Top with second slice of bread.nBrush bread with oil, place sandwiches on hot pan and weigh down with a baking sheet, top baking sheet with a heavy skillet to press down sandwiches. Cook for 2 minutes, until golden brown. Flip sandwiches using a spatula, topping with weighted baking sheet, and cook until second side is golden brown and cheese melts, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and serve immediately., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 4 ounces soft herbed cheese recommended: Boursin or Alouette, 8 slices sourdough bread, about 12inch thick, sliced on a diagonal, 12 to16 slices roasted pork, about 8 ounces, 34 cup dill pickles, thinly sliced, 1 cup watercress leaves, loosely packed, 8 ounces Swiss cheese, thinly sliced, Oil], title: Pork Panini with Two Cheeses Pickles and Watercress on Sourdough, picturelink: p5DObDuDLuZ7t4eqVhglhcKpubJpP2i}, 15901: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a pastry cutter and a 3 or 4inch round or fluted cookie cutternPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper or baking mats.nCream the butter and sugar together. Sift in the flour and cornstarch and blend using a pastry cutter until the ingredients all come together. If the mixture seems excessively dry, cut in 1 more tablespoon of butterbut only if you really need it. Form the dough into a big ball, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate 20 minutes.nRoll onto a lightly floured surface and cut into rounds with a 3 or 4inch round or fluted cookie cutter. Place on the prepared baking sheets. Bake for 20 minutes. Do not allow the shortbread to brown check your oven sooner if it runs hot. Let cool.nMelt the chocolate in a bowl over a pan of boiling water, or in a microwave. Once the shortbread cookies have cooled, spoon a little chocolate onto each cookie, spread it out and sprinkle over some sprinkles Allow the chocolate to harden for an hour before eating, storing or packaging., ingredients: [2 sticks plus 2 tablespoons salted butter, softened, plus 1 tablespoon more if needed, 1 cup sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring, 1 scant cup cornstarch, 12 ounces white chocolate not almond bark, chopped, Rainbow sprinkles, to decorate], title: White Chocolate Shortbread Cookies, picturelink: 3pyVOrz1YUMy0QEWLumQTvRN99MO0QC}, 15902: {instructions: Evenly distribute the cheese on top of the frozen pizza, then do the same with the shredded potatoes. Cook the pizza according to the instructions on the box. Check the pizza once the recommended cooking time is up, and add 3 to 5 minutes if the potatoes are not soft or the cheese is not completely melted. Remove and top with the fried eggs. Serve immediately garnished with scallions., ingredients: [34 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, 1 large frozen sausage pizza, 1 cup frozen shredded potatoes, 1 or 2 eggs, cooked sunnyside up, Chopped scallions, for garnish], title: Breakfast for Dinner Pizza, picturelink: CkCQxL6HJE..oiu2QbfFBellD4DCidi}, 15903: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPut the vegetables and garlic on a large piece of heavy duty aluminum foil or a doubled piece of regular, drizzle with olive oil, season with 12 teaspoon salt add the rosemary. Seal the foil to make a tight package. Put the package in a roasting pan. Roast until the beets can be pierced easily with a knife, about 1 to 12 hours. When the beets are cool enough to handle, peel themu00bfthe skins should slide right off with a bit of pressure from your fingers. If they dont, use a paring knife to scrape off any bits that stick.nPut 12 of the vegetables in a food processor with 12 of the broth and puree. Transfer the puree to a saucepan. Repeat with the remaining vegetables and broth. Stir in remaining 1 12 teaspoons salt and season with pepper, and simmer over medium heat until the flavors come together, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the buttermilk and Worcestershire.nLadle Borscht into bowls and garnish with dill., ingredients: [1 bunch red beets, about 1 pound, tops trimmed, and scrubbed, 1 small red onion, peeled and cut into eighths about 4 ounces, 2 medium carrots, halved crosswise about 5 ounces, 1 rib celery, halved crosswise, 1 clove garlic, smashed and peeled, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 sprig rosemary, 3 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup light buttermilk, 2 dashes Worcestershire sauce less than 14 teaspoon, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh dill], title: Borscht, picturelink: null}, 15904: {instructions: For the Korean pulled pork: Remove the pork from the refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking.nWhisk together the soy sauce, gochujang, hoisin, ketchup, vinegar, honey, sesame oil, fivespice powder and pepper until smooth. Rub the pork with the marinade, cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours.nPrepare the Caja China according to manufacturers directions. Cook until the pork reaches 190 degrees F, 3 to 3 12 hours. Remove the pork, place in a baking pan, tent with foil and let the pork rest for 20 minutes. Reserve the juices for the BBQ sauce.nFor the Korean BBQ sauce: Heat the oil in a medium highsided saute pan. Add the shallots and cook until soft. Whisk in the reserved juices from the pork, the chicken stock, ketchup, gochujang, honey, soy sauce and fivespice powder and cook until slightly reduced. Remove from the heat, add the vinegar and sesame oil.nFor the Asian slaw: Whisk together the vinegar, honey, sesame oil, and soy sauce until the honey is dissolved. Add the peas, carrots, cabbage and sesame seeds. Toss to combine season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 1 hour.nFor serving: Using tongs, pull the pork into bitesize bits. Toss with the BBQ sauce. Mound some slaw on the bottoms of the buns. Top with the pork and the top bun., ingredients: [12 cup low sodium soy sauce, 3 tablespoons gochujang or more if you want it spicier, 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons clover honey, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons Chinese fivespice powder, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated, 5 pound pork butt, trimmed of excess fat, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 shallots, finely diced, 1 cup low sodium chicken stock, 12 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons gochujang, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 14 cup rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey or sugar, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 4 ounces snow peas, julienned, 1 large carrot, julienned, 12 head Napa cabbage, finely shredded, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Soft sesame hamburger buns], title: Korean Pulled Pork Sandwich with Asian Slaw, picturelink: HZ17EMT8JlGlsbn.L.i.q3NyV57.hCG}, 15905: {instructions: Coarsely crumble the biscotti into 2 small bowls. Puree the yogurt and frozen raspberries in a blender until smooth and thick. Spoon the yogurt mixture over the biscotti. Drizzle each bowl with the honey and sprinkle the almonds on top. Serve with a cup of Americano coffee, if desired., ingredients: [2 almond biscotti, 1 cup vanilla yogurt, 12 cup frozen raspberries, unthawed or any type of frozen fruit, 4 teaspoons orange blossom honey, 4 tablespoons sliced almonds, toasted], title: Frozen Fruit and Yogurt Cups, picturelink: null}, 15906: {instructions: Form 6 somewhatthin patties from the beef and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Fry the patties over medium to mediumlow heat in a large skillet, 3 to 4 minutes per side.nOnto each half of a burger bun, place a cooked patty. Top with 2 to 3 tablespoons grated Cheddar and a pile of hot chili.nIn a large, heavy pot, brown the ground beef with the garlic over medium heat until the beef is totally cooked, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain off most of the excess fat, leaving a little behind for moisture and flavor. Add the tomato sauce, tomato paste, chili powder, cumin, oregano, salt and cayenne. Stir together well, cover the pot and reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally if the liquid level seems low, add up to 1 cup water to keep it from burning.nAfter an hour, stir in the kidney and pinto beans. In a small bowl, combine the masa harina with 12 cup water and stir together with a fork until its smooth. Pour the masa mixture into the chili. Stir together well, then taste the chili and adjust the seasonings. Simmer the chili for another 10 minutes to thicken, then turn off the heat and let it cool.nFill freezer bags with 2cup portions and freeze them flat for easy stacking or freeze in other freezersafe containers., ingredients: [2 12 pounds ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 goodquality hamburger buns, 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar, 4 cups chili, recipe follows, heated, 4 pounds ground beef, 6 cloves garlic, minced, Two 8ounce cans tomato sauce, One 6ounce can tomato paste, 14 cup chili powder, or more as desired, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or more as desired, Two 15ounce cans kidney beans, drained and rinsed, Two 15ounce cans pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup masa harina corn flour or regular cornmeal], title: Chili Cheeseburgers, picturelink: null}, 15907: {instructions: Egg wash: Combine the yolks, whole egg, and milk in a small mixing bowl and whip with a hand whisk until well combined.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F 204 degrees C. Remove the puff pastry from the refrigerator. If you are only making 1 thing at a time, return the rest of the puff pastry to the refrigerator.nCheese twists: Place a piece of puff pastry on a lightly floured work surface and pat it into a rectangle. Use a rolling pin to roll the puff pastry into a 12 by 20inch rectangle about 18inch thick. Roll the dough thinly because it will rise in the oven. Flour the dough and table as needed to keep the dough from sticking to the table or the rolling pin. Place the dough on your work surface with a long side facing you. Use a pastry brush to coat the surface of the rectangle with some egg wash. Liberally sprinkle the Parmesan cheese over the rectangle, followed by the salt and pepper. Use a sharp paring knife to cut the rectangle into 1inchwide strips from top to bottom. Flip each strip so that the cheese is on the bottom. Twist each strip by rolling each end in opposite directions. Always remember to twist so that the topping faces out that way you can see how they are flavored. Place the strips on a parchment papercovered baking sheet and bake until well risen and golden brown, about 20 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack before serving.nAnchovy puffs: Place a piece of puff pastry on a lightly floured work surface and pat it into a rectangle. Roll the dough into a 10 by 12inch rectangle with the long side facing you and cut it in half from top to bottom. Use a pastry brush to coat 1 piece of the dough with egg wash. Lay the anchovy fillets spaced about 1inch apart from top to bottom on the eggwashed dough. Place the other rolledout dough half on top of the anchovies and mark each anchovy by pressing the dough on either side of each fillet. Use a sharp paring knife to cut between each puff pastrycovered fillet. Next, cut the filled strips in half from top to bottom to make small anchovy packets. Use a knife to score the top of the dough at a diagonal. Place on a parchment papercovered baking sheet and brush with more egg wash. Bake until well risen and golden brown, about 20 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack before serving.nOlive puffs: Place a piece of puff pastry on a lightly floured work surface and pat it into a rectangle. Use a rolling pin to roll the dough into a 10 by 12inch rectangle and repeat the procedure of making anchovy strips using olives instead. There is no need to cut these in half. Just cut between the olives to make small packages. Baking and cooling is the same., ingredients: [Puff Pastry, store bought, 2 large egg yolks, 1 large egg, 14 cup whole milk, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 10 4inch anchovy fillets, drained, 20 pitted olives], title: Savory Snacks, picturelink: null}, 15908: {instructions: In a small saucepot, melt the coconut oil on medium heat. Add the chocolate disk and let melt, whisking constantly and making sure the chocolate does not burn. Remove from the heat.nSmear the tops of the croissant halves with butter. Heat a saute pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the croissants and toast until crisp on both sides. Transfer to a serving platter.nSmear each croissant half with a little bit of the chocolate mixture. Top with an assortment of the strawberries, blackberries, raspberries, coconut flakes and pecan halves. Drizzle with the remaining chocolate mixture and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons coconut oil, 1 disk Mexican chocolate, 3 croissants, cut in half horizontally, Unsalted butter, for smearing, 12 ounces fresh strawberries, sliced into 12inch pieces, 6 ounces fresh blackberries, cut in half, 6 ounces fresh raspberries, cut in half, 14 cup toasted dried unsweetened coconut flakes, 3 tablespoons toasted pecan halves, chopped], title: Chocolate Coconut Croissants, picturelink: null}, 15909: {instructions: For the dressing: Put the mayonnaise, mustard, cilantro, onions and jalapeno in the recipient of a blender and pulse until creamy. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the salsa: In a bowl, mix the tomatoes, chile, onions, lime zest and juice, cilantro and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. If you like things spicier, put everything through a meat grinder, or a blender, and grind it up. Keep in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nFor the refried beans: Heat the lard in a heavy frying pan over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until softened and beginning to brown, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic and chipotle pepper and continue sauteing for 1 minute.nAdd a ladle of cooked beans and, using a masher, start mashing the beans. Once the first spoonful of beans has been mashed completely, keep adding more beans and repeating the process. The unique taste of refried beans occurs as a result of slowly frying the starches inside the beans in the lard, so you want to add the beans a little bit at a time, to make sure they all get good and fried.nOnce all the beans have been mashed, add a little bean liquid or water, until you get the texture that you want. Keep it a bit looser than you eventually want, as they will continue to firm up as they cool off the heat. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nFor the clams: Scrub them under cool running water. Discard any gaping clams that dont close when cleaned.nSet the clams on a BBQ grill over a solid bed of hot coals or over high heat on a gas grill. Close the lid on the gas grill. Cook the clams until they pop open, 6 to 8 minutes.nServe with a spoonful of the dressing, the salsa and refried beans. Garnish with lime wedges., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 serrano chile, seeded and diced, 1 onion, diced, Zest and juice of 1 lime, 1 handful fresh cilantro, chopped, A touch olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup lard pork fat, 1 onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 chipotle pepper, seeded and diced, About 3 cups cooked black beans, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds1 kg chocolate clams in shells, Lime wedges, to garnish], title: Chocolate Clams and Salsa, picturelink: null}, 15910: {instructions: For the tomato butter: Soak the wood chips in water for 30 minutes before using, then drain and transfer to a pan. Place the tomatoes into a perforated pan and set over the wood chips, then top with a lid. Place over medium heat, and smoke the tomatoes for 30 to 45 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the fennel, shallots and garlic in a pot and simmer until translucent. Pour in the wine to deglaze, and then stir in the cream, stock and smoked tomatoes. Mash the tomatoes into the sauce using a whisk or the back of a stirring spoon. Simmer over medium heat until the liquid is reduced by twothirds. Puree until smooth, strain and season with salt and sugar. Reserve for plating.nFor the swordfish: Combine the fennel seed, oregano, peppercorns, salt and thyme in a pan and toast over low heat for 30 minutes, shaking the pan every couple of minutes. Transfer to a spice grinder and pulse until it becomes a coarse powder. Heat the olive oil in a pan over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the swordfish with the fennel herb mix, and then place seasonedside down into the pan. Sprinkle the top side with the fennel herb mix. Cook until cooked throughout, about 3 minutes per side, then remove from the pan and let rest. Pour in the wine to deglaze, and then add smoked tomato butter and cook until reduced by half. Stir in the unsalted butter until melted.nFor the hash: Boil the potatoes until forktender. Drain and let cool. Add the olive oil a skillet, and then saute the potatoes and bell peppers until golden brown. Add the chard and toss for 30 seconds. Stir in the butter and cook until melted and combined, and then season with the salt and black pepper.nFor the salad: Mix together the mizuna, olive oil, some of the bottarga, the orange and some salt and black pepper.nPlace the salad on top of the fish, and finish the plate with the remaining shaved bottarga., ingredients: [2 cup wood chips for smoking, preferably oaks, 4 large tomatoes, cores removed, bottoms scored, 1 cup chopped fennel, 1 cup chopped shallots, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 13 cup dry white wine, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups fish stock, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons fennel seed, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, 8 ounces fresh swordfish, bloodline removed, cut into thirds, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 ounces dry white wine, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup diced and peeled Yukon potatoes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup diced red bell pepper, 12 cup chiffonade Swiss chard, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup mizuna, 2 ounces olive oil, 1 piece bottarga, shaved about 5 tablespoons, 1 large Honeybell orange, peeled, pith removed, cut into supremes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fennel Seared Swordfish with Smoked Tomato Butter, Yukon Hash and Bottarga Citrus Salad, picturelink: null}, 15911: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a medium skillet over medium heat, stirring, until crisp, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate using a slotted spoon.nWhisk the sour cream, mayonnaise and buttermilk in a large bowl. Add the scallions, dill, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper whisk to combine. Add the chicken and half each of the bacon and tomatoes toss to coat. Add the avocado and gently toss.nServe the chicken salad in the lettuce leaves top with the remaining bacon and tomatoes. Serve with the dinner rolls.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [8 slices bacon, chopped, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 3 tablespoons chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups shredded rotisserie chicken skin removed, 1 16ounce container Campari or other small vineripened tomatoes, quartered, 1 avocado, diced, 2 heads Bibb lettuce, leaves separated, 4 dinner rolls], title: Ranch Chicken Salad Cups, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 15912: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSprinkle the pork with salt and pepper. In a baking dish, mix 12 cup of the teriyaki sauce together with the cider vinegar, ginger sauce, orange juice and garlic. Add the pork and coat well with the marinade. Cover and refrigerate for 3 hours or up to 24 hours.nThe next day, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a large, heavy skillet. Remove the tenderloins from the marinade and put them in the hot oil. Sear on all sides, then return the pork to the baking dish with the marinade. Add the chopped red onion to the skillet, saute until translucent, then add it to the baking dish. Cover the baking dish loosely with foil and bake for 20 minutes.nIn a small bowl, mix together the remaining 14 cup teriyaki sauce along with the honey, marmalade, and tomatovegetable juice. When 20 minutes are up, remove the pork from the oven, remove the foil, and with a very sharp knife cut deep slits into the meat. Pour the honey sauce into these slits and over the meat. Slice the unpeeled oranges into 14inch crosswise pieces and arrange the slices on the top and sides of tenderloins. Return the meat to the oven and bake, uncovered, until the orange slices begin to curl, about 15 additional minutes. Remove the meat from the oven and let stand for 10 minutes before slicing into medallions. Transfer to a platter to serve., ingredients: [2 pork tenderloins about 1 pound each, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup teriyaki sauce, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup ginger sauce, 14 cup orange juice, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium red onion, coarsely chopped, 14 cup honey, 14 cup orange marmalade, 14 cup tomatovegetable juice, such as V8, 2 oranges], title: Pork Medallions, picturelink: fwjxxoNuMCivESQ6xk5uzeXVXcDzku}, 15913: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 16 6inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes Grill pannSoak the grape leaves in several changes of water to get rid of the brine flavor. Separate the leaves and blot dry. Trim any stems and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine the beef, shallot, sugar, lemongrass, garlic, and fish sauce. Mix until well combined. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour.nDivide the beef mixture into 32 equal portions about 1 tablespoon per portion. Place a grape leaf flat widest side closest to you on a clean kitchen towel. Shape 1 meat mixture into a 1 12inchlong sausage and place it horizontally across the wide end of the leaf. Fold the wide end over the filling once. Fold the sides in and roll up as you would a spring roll, enclosing the meat. The roll should be compact and fairly tight. Repeat to make 32 rolls.nThread 4 grape leaf rolls on 2 parallel bamboo skewers, leaving space in between the rolls. Repeat with remaining skewers and rolls. Brush each roll with vegetable oil. Heat a grill pan over high heat. Grill the rolls, flipping them once the oil becomes shiny, until crisp and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Serve with Sweet, Sour, and Spicy Dipping Sauce.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the sugar, lemon juice, and fish sauce, until the sugar is completely dissolved. Add the garlic and chiles. Let stand for 20 minutes before serving. Store in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.nYield: 6 servings, ingredients: [32 grape leaves in brine, 1 pound ground sirloin beef, 1 large shallot, chopped, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 lemongrass stalks, trimmed, peeled, and finely grated white and light green parts, 1 large garlic clove, finely grated, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, Vegetable oil, for brushing, Sweet, Sour, and Spicy Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup sugar, 23 cup fresh lemon juice substitution: lime juice, 23 cup fish sauce, 2 large garlic cloves, thinly sliced or minced, 2 red Thai chiles, halved lengthwise, seeded or not and thinly sliced or minced], title: Grilled Beef in Grape Leaves with Sweet, Sour, and Spicy Dipping Sauce, picturelink: p.Z9PadypFJ51kRi1eEjTYJ5SA2qlS}, 15914: {instructions: In a very hot wok briefly saute the ginger, garlic, green onion, and chili paste in the oil. Add the bean sprouts, carrots, Savoy cabbage, red pepper, and mushrooms and cook at high heat until vegetables begin to soften. Add the mirin, hoisin sauce and soy sauce. Remove from heat and let rest in a bowl at room temperature. Place the spring roll wrappers under a damp cloth to keep them moist. Place wrapper one at a time on a hard surface with one corner pointing towards you. Spoon cooled ingredients into the center. Add a tablespoon of grated cucumber and a sprinkle of cilantro. Fold the side corners into the center. Fold the bottom into the center, making sure the 3 corners are touching each other. To finish, roll the wrapper away from you and up over the final corner. Store rolls under a damp cloth until ready to fry. Heat enough oil to cover the rolls, and fry seam side down until golden brown. Drain on paper towel and serve with your favorite dipping sauce., ingredients: [3 tablespoons chopped ginger, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons chopped green onion, 1 tablespoon hot bean paste or red chili paste, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 cup fresh bean sprouts, 1 cup grated carrot, 1 cup finely sliced Savoy cabbage, 1 red pepper, julienned, 5 shiitake mushrooms, julienned, 3 tablespoons mirin Japanese rice wine, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 14 cup soy sauce, 12 spring roll wrappers, 1cup peeled, grated cucumber, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Oil, for frying], title: Spicy Spring Roll, picturelink: null}, 15915: {instructions: Make filling: Chop cabbage to small pieces, sprinkle with 1 teaspoon of salt and toss well. Let stand 10 minutes, drain, then squeeze firmly to wring out excess moisture. In a large mixing bowl scatter cabbage and add pork. Sprinkle remaining filling ingredients on top. Using chopsticks, stir briskly in one direction until wellblended. Throw mixture against inside of bowl 5 to 6 times to compact it. Press plastic wrap on surface of filling and set aside 30 minutes at room temperature, or refrigerate up to 24 hours for flavor to develop. Bring to room temperature before using.nFill one wrapper at a time, keeping remaining covered. Heap 1 level tablespoon filling offcenter in wrapper and shape into a halfmoon, about 2 inches. Run a moist finger lightly around edge of wrapper. Pleat and press dumpling closed. Transfer dumplings as they are made to a lightlyfloured baking sheet and keep them covered with a towel to prevent drying.nMake sauce: About 20 minutes before serving, mix dipping sauce ingredients and season to taste.nHeat a heavy 12inch castiron skillet with a tightfitting cover over high heat. When very hot, add enough oil to coat bottom with a scant 14inch, swirl skillet to coat bottom and sides, and reduce heat to medium. When oil is hot, pick up dumplings by their tops and quickly arrange them, smooth side down, in concentric rings starting from outside of pan and working into center. You will be able to cook about half of dumplings at a time. Dumplings should hug each other tightly in a pretty spiral they will stick together. Adjust heat so they sizzle mildly. When all dumplings are in place, raise heat to brown bottoms. Check frequently, and when bottoms are browned, add enough stock to come halfway up sides of dumplings. Adjust heat to simmering and cover. After about 7 minutes, check to see if almost all stock has been absorbed. Check bottoms of dumplings  they should be crisp enough to clink against a fingernail. If needed, add a little more oil down side of pan, swirl to distribute under dumplings and continue frying until crisp.nLoosen dumplings from bottom with a spatula and invert them onto a warmed serving platter, browned bottoms up  they should cling in a spiral. Spoon dumpling sauce into individual saucers or dipping bowls and serve immediately. Do this in two pans at once, or repeat to cook remaining potstickers., ingredients: [12 pound Napa cabbage, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 pound coarselyground pork, 1 tablespoon finelyminced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 13 cup coarselychopped scallions, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 14 teaspoon freshlyground pepper, 24 round wonton wrappers, Up to 14 cup oil, for panfrying, Up to 2 cups stock, 13 cup soy sauce, 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 teaspoon Chinese chili sauce, 13 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons thinlysliced scallions], title: Potstickers, picturelink: null}, 15916: {instructions: Prepare the figs: Combine the wine, 1 cup water, the cloves, allspice and peppercorns in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Pour over the figs in a large bowl and let soak at room temperature, 1 hour. The figs can be prepared up to 1 week ahead refrigerate in an airtight container.nMeanwhile, make the crema: Combine the blue cheese, cream cheese, mayonnaise, buttermilk and roasted garlic in a blender puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. The crema can be made up to 1 day ahead refrigerate in an airtight container.nDrain the figs and remove the stems. Carefully wrap each fig with a piece of ham, trimming as necessary. Place small dollops of the crema on a serving platter. Arrange the wrapped figs on the crema and drizzle with the vinegar.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 cup dry red wine, 14 teaspoon whole cloves, 12 teaspoon allspice berries, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, 16 dried Mission figs, 2 ounces Serrano ham or prosciutto, sliced paperthin, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, For the crema:, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese preferably La Peral about 2 ounces, 4 ounces cream cheese, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 1 tablespoon roasted garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Serrano HamWrapped Figs, picturelink: Mum4U2JKCGYKnrlffynb8rbJIkDK04K}, 15917: {instructions: For the tartare:nDice the tuna into small pieces. Finely chop the gherkins, capers and shallot and add to the tuna. Mix in the olive oil, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Form into quenelles and store in the refrigerator. Cut the pappadams into 4 and deepfry until golden.nFor the beet pickle:nCut the beet into small dice and add to a saucepan with the rest of the ingredients except for the mustard. Cook on low heat until the beets are semisoft. Remove from the heat and allow the beets to cool in the liquid. Mix in the mustard.nTo plate:nStack the tuna quenelles in layers on top of the pappadams and arrange the beets around the side. Finish with a drizzle of truffle oil, a sprig of dill and a capperberry on top of the tuna., ingredients: [8 ounces Grade A yellowfin tuna, 4 baby gherkins, 1 teaspoon capers, 1 shallot, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pappadams, 1 beetroot, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup water, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 bay leaf, 3 black peppercorns, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon mustard recommended: Pommery de Meaux, 14 teaspoon truffle oil, 4 sprigs fresh dill, 4 caperberries], title: Napoleon of Tuna Tartare, picturelink: y1oIZANx7LV3eG3u8pZBNveTy26ApS}, 15918: {instructions: In a dry skillet, toast the peppercorn and clove over medium heat until puffs of smoke begin to appear, about 1 minute. Transfer to a mortar and crush roughly.nIn a small saucepan, simmer sugar, soy sauce, rum, lemon zest, and lemon juice over medium heat. Add the peppercornclove mixture, ginger, and garlic powder, and reduce by half.nRemove from heat, strain and let cool.nPlace the fish fillets in the cooled marinade and let sit for 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a skillet on medium high heat. Remove the fish from the marinade. Season the fillet with salt and pepper. Place the marinade in a small saucepan, bring to a boil, and remove from the heat. Add the oil to the skillet, and saute the fillets for 2 minutes on each side. Divide the julienned vegetables into two piles on a baking pan. Place fillets on the vegetable beds and finish in the oven for 5 to 7 minutes or until done.nBrush marinade on finished fish. Serve with vegetables as soon as possible., ingredients: [13 teaspoon peppercorns, 1 clove, 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons white rum, 12 teaspoon grated lemon rind, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 pound whole tilapia, filleted, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive or peanut oil, 1 12 cups julienned mixed vegetables, such as carrots, zucchini, yellow squash, bell peppers], title: Golden Tilapia, picturelink: null}, 15919: {instructions: The night before: Unravel thighs to flatten and scrunch together in a large shallow ovensafe pan. Combine the following in a small mixing bowl in this order: spices, honey, Dijon mustard, soy sauce, and hot chili sauce. Stir. Pour evenly over chicken. Flip the chicken around with a fork until each piece is well coated. End by making sure the rough side of the thigh is down. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nThe next day: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine rice and water in a larger ovensafe pot. Stir. Cover and place in preheated oven.nTurn chicken over with a fork. Place in preheated oven, beside rice. Set timer for 50 minutes. About halfway through the cooking time for chicken, I like to flip the chicken over again. When the timer rings for chicken, turn off heat but leave it in the oven.nRinse broccoli in colander. Place in a microwavesafe pot or casserole dish with lid. Cover, then microwave at high for 5 minutes. When timer rings, add seasoning mix to broccoli., ingredients: [10 to 12 boneless skinless chicken thighs about 1 34 pounds, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 3 tablespoons frozen chopped onions, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup honey, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon Asianstyle hot chili sauce can be chiligarlic sauce, 1 12 cups basmati or white rice, 3 cups water, 5 cups frozen broccoli florets, 18 teaspoon your favorite supermarketstyle seasoning mix], title: DijonBaked Chicken with Rice and Broccoli, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 15920: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Arrange the squash on a baking sheet and sprinkle with 18 teaspoon salt. Bake until just soft, about 10 minutes, flipping the squash once about halfway through. Combine the mozzarella, Parmesan and 12 teaspoon salt in a small bowl.nSpray an 8inch square baking dish with cooking spray. Arrange 4 of the tortillas in the bottom of the dish so they overlap and top with the squash and half the scallions. Drizzle 13 cup of the salsa verde over the vegetables and top with 13 of the cheese mixture. Add another 4 overlapping tortillas, top with the sliced tomatoes and spinach, drizzle 13 cup of the remaining salsa verde over the vegetables and top with half of the remaining cheese mixture. Finish building the casserole with the remaining 4 tortillas, salsa verde and cheese mixture. Bake, uncovered, until the casserole is golden brown and hot, 20 to 25 minutes. Garnish with the remaining scallions., ingredients: [1 medium yellow squash, sliced into 14inchthick rounds, Kosher salt, 1 cup shredded partskim mozzarella, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Cooking spray, Twelve 6inch corn tortillas, 4 scallions, sliced, 1 cup salsa verde, 1 large ripe tomato, sliced 14 inch thick, One thawed 9ounce package frozen chopped spinach, squeezed dry], title: Vegetarian Tortilla Casserole, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}, 15921: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring the water, stock, and oil to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the dates followed by the couscous. Cover the pan tightly with a lid, remove from the heat, and allow to sit for 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 cup water, 1 cup chicken stock or broth, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped dried dates, 1 cup quickcooking couscous, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Couscous with Dried Dates, picturelink: U2rUBAxxBRWT3pcNWNPu2dOjgSOrJhS}, 15922: {instructions: In a 5quart pot, combine the chicken, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 8 cups water to cover. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and skim any foam or impurities from the top. Add the onion, garlic, bay leaf, cilantro stems and scallion whites. Simmer, partially covered, until the chicken is tender and releases easily when pierced with a knife, 35 to 40 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a bowl to cool, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile make the aji sauce: In a food processor, combine the scallion greens, hot sauce, tomatoes, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 cup of the cilantro leaves and pulse to a coarse sauce. Set aside. Alternatively, the ingredients can be chopped by hand and stirred to combine.nAdd the potatoes to the soup along with 1 14 teaspoons salt. Cover, bring back to a simmer and simmer another 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, remove the chicken meat from the bones and shred with your hands or 2 forks discard the bones and skin. Set aside.nAdd the corn to the soup and cook until the corn and potatoes are tender when pierced with a knife, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the chicken meat back to the soup and return the soup to a simmer. Add salt if needed.nDivide the soup among 6 bowls and serve with sliced avocado, sour cream, capers, aji sauce and remaining cilantro leaves., ingredients: [4 chicken leg quarters leg and thigh about 2 12 pounds, Kosher salt, 1 cup diced onion about 1 medium onion, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 bay leaf, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, stems roughly chopped, 1 cup leaves reserved, 1 bunch scallions, roughly chopped, whites and greens separated, 1 to 2 teaspoons habanero hot sauce, 3 tomatoes, cored, seeded and chopped about 1 14 cups, 1 pound mixed Yukon gold and purple or red bliss potatoes, quartered and cut into 34inch pieces, 1 ear corn, cut into 12inchthick rounds, 1 to 2 avocados, sliced, for serving, 12 cup sour cream or creme fraiche, for serving, 14 cup capers, for serving], title: Ajiaco Colombian Chicken, Potato and Corn Soup, picturelink: null}, 15923: {instructions: The salt cod needs to soak in fresh cold water in the refrigerator for 24 hours. The water should be changed several times. Remove from the water and break into pieces. The rest of the components of the platter can be started a day in advance as well. Start with the aioli by preheating your oven to 350 degrees. Wrap the bulb of garlic in a piece of aluminum foil with a few drops of olive oil. Bake for about 30 minutes or until tender. Allow to cool completely and then squeeze out the garlic into a mixing bowl. Add the egg yolk and slowly whisk in the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and put in the refrigerator.nThe day of you picnic, simply make sure all the vegetables are in bite size pieces. For the artichoke, clean and cut in half lengthwise. Rub with olive oil and place on a hot grill for about 5 minutes.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [1 pound salt cod, 1 whole bulb garlic, 1 egg yolk, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 large artichokes, blanched in salted water, 1 head cauliflower, blanched in salted water, cut into bite sized pieces, 2 hard boiled eggs, halved, 4 large fingerling or new potatoes, cooked through in salted water, cut into bite sized pieces, 1 large red beet, roasted at 400 degrees until tender, cut into bite sized pieces, 2 large vine ripened tomatoes, quartered, 20 green beans, blanched in salted water, 10 baby carrots, blanched in salted water, 1 baguette], title: Le Grand Aioli, picturelink: null}, 15924: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 380 degrees F.nIn a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, heat the olive oil. Season the short ribs with salt and pepper, to taste, and sear in the Dutch oven until brown, about 5 minutes per side. Remove the meat from pan and set aside. Add the onions and garlic to the same pan and saute, until lightly browned. Scrape any brown bits from the bottom of the pan using a wooden spoon. Add the carrots and celery and let cook for 5 more minutes. Add 1 cup of beef stock and scrape bottom of pan to remove any more browned bits. Return the meat to the pot along with the remaining stock and the beer. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bring the stew to a simmer and cook uncovered for 20 minutes. Cover and braise in the oven for 2 hours.nServe with a fresh green salad or on top of mashed potatoes, if desired.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 pounds boneless beef short ribs, cut into 1 12inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 carrots, diced, 2 celery stalks, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 cups lowsodium beef stock, divided, 1 pint stout beer recommended: Guinness, Fresh green salad, for serving, optional, Mashed potatoes, for serving, optional], title: Beef and Guinness Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 15925: {instructions: Special equipment: kitchen twinenPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nToss the squash with 2 tablespoons of the oil, 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Spread on a baking sheet and roast until tender and golden brown in spots, about 40 minutes, rotating the baking sheet halfway through.nMeanwhile, combine the broth and 2 cups water in a saucepan and heat until just barely simmering. Tie together the sage with kitchen twine and add to the stock. Reserve for a later use.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a lowsided stockpot set over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon, until translucent and soft, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the oats, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper, and stir until coated. Add the wine and simmer, stirring constantly, until absorbed, about 1 minute. Add 3 cups of the warm broth to the oats, then simmer, stirring constantly, until most of the liquid is absorbed, 8 to 10 minutes. Add 2 more cups of the broth and simmer, stirring constantly, until the oats are tender but still have a slight bite, 10 to 12 minutes. There will be a fair amount of liquid in the pot at this time, similar to the texture of a thin gravy. It will thicken once the cheese is added. Remove from the heat and stir in half of the cheese and half of the parsley. Adjust the consistency of the risotto by adding more stock as needed. Divide the hot risotto among four warm serving bowls, and top each with some butternut squash. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese and parsley to serve., ingredients: [5 cups peeled mediumdiced butternut squash about 1 12 pounds, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and finely ground black pepper, 4 cups lowsodium vegetable or chicken broth, 1 small bunch sage, 2 medium shallots, finely diced about 1 cup, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup steelcut oats, 12 cup white wine, 1 12 ounces Pecorino Romano, finely grated 1 cup lightly packed, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Healthy Oat Risotto with Roasted Butternut Squash, picturelink: pydJkfVBYUKNj1ywoGlSaCVdkXmaqxu}, 15926: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nSift the flour, salt, baking powder and baking soda into a medium bowl. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment or using a handheld mixer, beat the brown sugar, granulated sugar, butter and vanilla on high speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Lower the speed to medium and add the eggs one at a time, beating until incorporated, about 1 minute. On low speed, gradually add the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Remove the bowl from the mixer and use a rubber spatula to mix in the chocolate chips by hand.nScoop by 2tablespoonful amounts or use an ice cream scoop onto the prepared baking sheets. Moisten the heel of your hand and fingers with water and flatten the cookies until they are perfectly round and about 14 inch thick. Space the cookies about 1 inch apart.nBake until the cookies are set in the center, rotating the pans halfway through, 8 to 10 minutes total. Transfer the baking sheets to cooling racks to set for 5 minutes. Transfer the cookies to cooling racks to cool completely., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 23 cup packed dark brown sugar, 23 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 bag large chocolate chips 1 12 cups], title: Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: Ip8xOH7TRsTLsV975Xx3GD5PhlTW8ca}, 15927: {instructions: Pick over the beans, discarding any stones or bits of debris. Place the beans in a colander or strainer and rinse well under cold running water. Drain. Place the beans in a large stockpot or bowl, add the water it should cover the beans by 2 inches and soak for 8 hours or overnight in the refrigerator.nHeat the oil in a very large stockpot over mediumlow heat. Add the bacon and saute, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 15 minutes.nAdd the onion, carrot, and garlic to the pot and sweat, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are soft but not browned, about 10 minutes.nDrain the soaked beans. Add them to the pot along with 8 cups stock and the bay leaves. Increase the heat to high and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, uncovered, until the beans are tender and the vegetables have practically dissolved, 1 to 1 12 hours. Stir the soup occasionally to make sure the beans arent sticking to the bottom of the pot. If the soup becomes too thick, add additional stock or water. Most of the beans should keep their shape, but some will fall apart enough to thicken the soup.nRemove the pot from the heat and season with salt, pepper, Tabasco, dry sherry, and vinegar. Remove the bay leaves.nLadle the soup into bowls and garnish with any combination you like of sour cream, diced onion, fresh cilantro leaves, and chopped hardcooked egg., ingredients: [2 cups dried black beans, 6 cups cold water, 3 tablespoons canola or other vegetable oil, 4 ounces slab bacon, rind discarded, cut into 14inch dice, 1 medium onion, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, 1 large carrot, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, 3 large cloves garlic, minced, 8 cups chicken stock, canned lowsodium broth, or water, or more as needed, 4 bay leaves, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 12 teaspoon Tabasco sauce, or more to taste, 1 tablespoon dry sherry or Madeira, 1 teaspoon wine vinegar, preferably sherry vinegar but white wine or red wine vinegar will do, For garnish: sour cream, diced onion, chopped fresh cilantro leaves, chopped hardcooked egg], title: Black Bean Soup, picturelink: null}, 15928: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nLine 2 heavy baking sheets with parchment paper. Finely chop the oats in a food processor. Transfer the oats to a medium bowl. Mix in the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugars in a large bowl until fluffy. Beat in the eggs and vanilla. Add the flour mixture and stir just until blended. Stir in the toffee, hazelnuts, and chocolate chips.nFor each cookie, drop 1 rounded tablespoonful of dough onto sheet, spacing 1 inch apart do not flatten dough. Bake until the cookies are golden cookies will flatten slightly, about 15 minutes. Cool the cookies on the baking sheets for 5 minutes. Transfer to a cooling rack and cool completely. The cookies can be prepared 1 day ahead. Store in an airtight container at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup oldfashioned oats, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsalted butter 2 sticks, at room temperature, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 ounces English toffee candy, finely chopped recommended: Heath or Skor, 1 cup hazelnuts, toasted, skinned and chopped, 1 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips], title: Hazelnut Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: 7Zz9GSVE4o16ip.oq9H35ujSsJZg3lW}, 15929: {instructions: Whisk together the juice, zest, sugar, and eggs in a 2quart heavy saucepan. Stir in the butter and cook over moderatelylow heat, whisking frequently, until the curd is thick enough to coat a spoon, about 6 minutes. Strain the curd through a mesh strainer or sieve to remove any cooked egg bits. Transfer the curd to a bowl, cover its surface with plastic wrap to prevent a skin from forming and chill at least 1 hour, until cold. Cooks Note: Try making curd with any citrus fruit, like limes, oranges, grapefruit, tangerines, etc. You can also make curd with purees of berries such as raspberries or blackberries., ingredients: [1 cup citrus juice or berryfruit puree, Zest of 2 citrus fruit, if applicable, 1 cup sugar, 6 large eggs, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into bits], title: Fruit Curd, picturelink: null}, 15930: {instructions: Remove the stems and quarter the radicchio heads. Mix the balsamic, olive oil, chili flakes and chopped garlic to make a marinade. Submerge the radicchio, cutside down, in the marinade for 1 hour prior to grilling.nCrumble the sausage into a medium saucepan and cook over mediumhigh heat until fully rendered and slightly browned, 8 to 12 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the cooked sausage to a tray lined with paper towels.nRemove the radicchio from the marinade, reserving the marinade itself for dressing the finished radicchio. Grill the radicchio over an open flame starting with the cutside down, and rotating until slightly charred on the outside we suggest a charcoal grill, but if not using an outdoor grill, a griddle or grill pan would suffice. Once cooked, remove to a tray to cool. When the radicchio is cool, chop into 1inch squares and toss with the reserved marinade.nRoll out the pizza dough into three 12inch circles, 14inch thick.nStart by grilling 1 pizza over mediumhigh heat on the grill. Once the bottom has a slight char, flip the pizza and top with some of the grilled radicchio, cooked sausage, chopped rosemary and taleggio slices about 3 per pizza. Cover with the grill lid to melt the cheese and crisp the bottom, just a few minutes. Remove the pizza from the grill with a wide spatula to a cutting board. Let cool for a few minutes, and then slice into 6 or 8 pieces. Repeat with the remaining dough and ingredients.nCombine the flour, 34 cup water, yeast and sugar in the mixing bowl of a stand mixer. Knead on medium speed for 10 minutes. Place in an oiled bowl and allow the dough to rest for 1 hour, covered, in a draftfree spot.nPunch down and shape the dough into two to three 10ounce balls. Allow to proof on an oiled tray or container covered with a towel or lid until almost doubled in size., ingredients: [4 heads radicchio, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon red chili flakes, 1 head garlic, peeled and finely chopped, Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves finely chopped, 1 pound fresh spicy Italian sausage, 4 ounces taleggio cheese, sliced into 2 by 12inch slices, Kosher salt, 3 12 cups 00 flour, 1 teaspoon dry active yeast, 12 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, for oiling the bowl], title: Grilled Radicchio and Spicy Italian Sausage Pizza, picturelink: null}, 15931: {instructions: Pat the chicken dry with paper towels. Heat a large skillet or castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat with a tablespoon of oil, a turn of the pan. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper on both sides and brown well. Remove to plate and repeat for the remaining chicken. Reduce the heat to medium and add the butter, when it foams add the cumin and stir a few seconds. Then add the ginger, garlic, chiles and stir another 1 to 2 minutes. Puree the stock and chutney together in a blender or food processor. Then add the chutney mixture to the pan and combine with the tomatoes. Slide the chicken back in and turn to coat. Reduce the heat and simmer until cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes more. Cool and store in the refrigerator for a makeahead meal.nTo serve, reheat the chutney chicken on the stovetop over medium heat. Toast the coconut until golden brown and fragrant. Cook the rice to tender, according to package directions. Fluff the rice and add the coconut, almonds, lime juice and some salt and pepper. Serve shallow bowls of rice topped with the chutney chicken and garnish with scallions and cilantro., ingredients: [12 pieces bonein skinon chicken, mix of chicken thighs, legs and quartered breast, 2 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 1 12 inches ginger, grated, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 chiles such as red finger, Fresno or jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 cup mango chutney, such as Pateks or Major Greys, One 14ounce can diced tomatoes or petite diced tomatoes, 12 cup unsweetened shredded coconut, 1 12 cups brown or white longgrain rice, 12 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 1 lime, juiced, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced on an angle, Chopped fresh cilantro or parsley, for garnish], title: Chutney Chicken, picturelink: null}, 15932: {instructions: Add the heavy cream to a large bowl. Beat with an electric hand mixer on medium speed until it just beings to thicken, and then sprinkle the stevia over the top. Continue beating until soft peaks appear, and then add the pumpkin, vanilla, cinnamon, allspice and cloves and continue to beat until stiff peaks appear. Use about half of the whipped cream as a topping for cheesecake. Put the remaining whipped cream in a small bowl to pass around with other desserts., ingredients: [1 12 cups heavy whipping cream, chilled, 1 tablespoon plus 1 12 teaspoons stevia sugar substitute, such as Truvia, 14 cup canned or homemade pumpkin puree, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, Sugarfree cheesecake, for serving], title: Whipped Pumpkin Cream, picturelink: Hbou4NL78nKb2IRP41Dpao26fJkOhvm}, 15933: {instructions: In a shaker, combine the raspberry puree, mint and lime juice. Add ice, tequila, splash sweet and sour mix. Pour into a cocktail glass and add soda water. Garnish with fresh raspberries and mint leaves., ingredients: [Splash raspberry puree or 5 to 6 fresh raspberries, 8 to 10 fresh mint leaves plus more, for garnish, 1 lime, juice, Ice, 2 ounces silver tequila recommended: Cabo Wabo Silver, Splash sweet and sour mix, Soda Water, Fresh raspberries, for garnish], title: WaboJito, picturelink: baylg2D8RIWCYa7BKfMmM4vzaNyuMa}, 15934: {instructions: Put the chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl microwave in 30second intervals, stirring, until melted, about 2 minutes. Blend the chestnut puree, almond extract, salt and 1 cup confectioners sugar in a food processor until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and fold in half of the melted chocolate.nBeat the cream and the remaining 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar with a mixer until soft peaks form. Reserve 12 cup for topping. Fold onequarter of the remaining whipped cream into the chestnut mixture, then fold in the rest. Chill up to 8 hours.nDivide the mousse among dessert glasses. Top with the reserved whipped cream. Remelt the remaining chocolate in the microwave, if necessary, then drizzle on top.nPhotograph by Anna WilliamsnPut the chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl microwave in 30second intervals, stirring, until melted, about 2 minutes. Blend the chestnut puree, almond extract, salt and 1 cup confectioners sugar in a food processor until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and fold in half of the melted chocolate.nBeat the cream and the remaining 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar with a mixer until soft peaks form. Reserve 12 cup for topping. Fold onequarter of the remaining whipped cream into the chestnut mixture, then fold in the rest. Chill up to 8 hours.nDivide the mousse among dessert glasses. Top with the reserved whipped cream. Remelt the remaining chocolate in the microwave, if necessary, then drizzle on top.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [8ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 34 cup chestnut puree found in the baking aisle, 14 teaspoon almond extract, Pinch of salt, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 8ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 34 cup chestnut puree found in the baking aisle, 14 teaspoon almond extract, Pinch of salt, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 2 cups heavy cream], title: ChocolateChestnut Mousse, picturelink: 8Vu2T2Yejn9fvgZI3dA0jUrm7im7Q1e}, 15935: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. High Altitude 35006500 ft: Bake 15 to 20 minutes. Unroll both cans of dough. Place in ungreased 15 x 10x 1inch pan, long sides overlapping to fit pan. Press in bottom and up sides of pan to form crust. Bake 10 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Cool completely, about 30 minutes. In small bowl, beat cream cheese, Parmesan cheese, parsley and mayonnaise with electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Spread over cooled crust. Top with remaining ingredients. Serve immediately, or cover and refrigerate up to 2 hours. Cut into 8 rows by 4 rows.nAppetizer: Calories 100 Calories from Fat 60 Total Fat 6g Saturated Fat 3g, Trans Fat 0g, Polyunsaturated Fat 0g Cholesterol 10mg Sodium 210mg Potassium 75mg Total Carbohydrate 8g Dietary Fiber 0g, Soluble Fiber 0g, Insoluble Fiber 0g, Sugars 2g Protein 2gn15  Daily Value: Total Fat 10 Saturated Fat 15 Cholesterol 3 Sodium 9 Potassium 2 Total Carbohydrate 3 Dietary Fiber 0 Vitamin A 6 Vitamin C 4 Vitamin D 0 Riboflavin 0, ingredients: [2 cans 8 oz each Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creations refrigerated flaky dough sheet, 1 package 8 oz cream cheese, softened, 14 cup shredded Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise or salad dressing, 1 cup chopped fresh spinach, 2 jars 6 to 7 oz each marinated artichoke hearts, drained, coarsely chopped, 6 slices bacon, crisply cooked, crumbled, 1 cup seeded diced plum Roma tomatoes, 12 cup diced red bell pepper], title: Artichoke n Bacon Crescent Squares, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 15936: {instructions: Preheat the grill over mediumhigh direct heat. Brush oil on the grill grates.nFinely chop the cilantro and scallions, and mix in 2 teaspoons of the oil and the ginger.nCut two 3inch long slits through the skin lengthwise on the bottom of the salmon fillets, going about halfway into the salmon. Evenly stuff the slits with the herb mixture. Sprinkle the fish all over with 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper.nStir together the honey, lime juice and soy sauce until smooth. Place the salmon skinside up on the grill and cook until wellmarked, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the salmon and continue to cook, brushing the tops with the sauce, until the fish is cooked through, about another 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a serving plate and sprinkle the tops with the sesame seeds.nCombine the edamame, 1 tablespoon water and 14 teaspoon salt in a microwavesafe bowl. Cook on high until warm through, about 3 minutes.nDivide the salmon, edamame, brown rice and orange wedges evenly among four plates. Serve each with a glass of milk., ingredients: [2 teaspoons vegetable oil, plus more for brushing, 14 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves, 2 scallions, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 4 center cut skinon wild salmon fillets about 6 ounces each, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, plus lime wedges to garnish, 2 teaspoons lowsodium soy sauce, 14 teaspoon black sesame seeds, 1 13 cups shelled frozen edamame, 2 cups cooked brown rice, 2 oranges, cut into wedges, Four 6ounce glasses reducedfat milk], title: Honey Soy Grilled Salmon with Edamame and Brown Rice, picturelink: 47OU6SQLbZQ6aDOiFQ81oJonoFUJvGq}, 15937: {instructions: For each date shake, place 14 cup coarsely chopped pitted dates, a handful, in a blender. Add 1 cup cold skim milk and 2 big scoops of French vanilla ice cream. Grate 14 teaspoon of fresh nutmeg into blender and blend date shake until smooth., ingredients: [1 cup pitted dates, coarsely chopped, 1 quart skim milk, 2 pints French vanilla ice cream, 1 teaspoon grated fresh nutmeg], title: Date Shakes, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 15938: {instructions: Preheat grill or broiler. In a mixing bowl, gently stir together beans with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, 2 tablespoons of the balsamic vinegar, the red pepper flakes, basil and garlic. Season lightly with salt and pepper.nHalve the radicchio from top to bottom and place on an unoiled grill or under the broiler. Cook until wilted, about 3 minutes per side. Cut each half in half again to form wedges. Cut the core piece out and separate the leaves. Toss the leaves in a bowl with the remaining 4 tablespoons oil and 4 tablespoons vinegar, then season to taste with salt and pepper.nArrange the radicchio leaves on four plates like the fingers of a hand. Spoon the bean mixture onto four freshly grilled bread slices, place one slice in the middle of each salad and serve., ingredients: [1 cup cooked cannellini beans, 6 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons basil leaves, chiffonade, 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 large heads radicchio de Treviso, 4 1 inch thick slices Italian peasant bread, grilled], title: White Bean Bruschetta with Grilled Radicchio Salad, picturelink: null}, 15939: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and saute for about 3 minutes. Add the garlic, tomatoes, broth, corn and chilies. Bring the liquid to a simmer then cover the pan and cook gently over low heat for 15 minutes. Meanwhile rinse and mince the cilantro.nWhile whisking constantly, slowly drizzle the cornmeal into the simmering soup, Simmer gently uncovered until thickened, about 10 minutes. Stir the bottom on occasion to make sure the cornmeal isnt sticking.nSeason the soup to taste with salt and pepper. Right before serving stir in the lime juice. Portion out and garnish if you wish with cheddar cheese, cilantro and chopped green bell pepper.nVARIATION You can enrich it with cubed smoked ham or roasted pork, ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 medium size onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups Italian plum tomatoes, chopped, 6 cups chicken broth or water, 10 ounces package frozen corn kernels, thawed, 4 ounce can chopped green chilies, 12 cup coarse yellow cornmeal, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 to 2 tablespoons lime juice, 12 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese, 12 cup finely diced green bell pepper, Salt and pepper], title: Polenta Soup, picturelink: null}, 15940: {instructions: Take the skin off the eggplants then chop into small sticks. Remove the skin from the shallots and chop into small pieces. Do the same for the garlic.nIn a large pan over mediumhigh heat, add about 2 tablespoons olive oil. Once hot, add the shallots and cook until translucent. Next add most of the garlic, reserving the rest for later. Then add the eggplant, occasionally stirring the eggplant with a wooden spoon. From time to time, add a small amount of water. After about 20 minutes, deglaze the pan with balsamic vinegar and let cook for 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat add more olive oil, to taste, garlic, salt and pepper, let cool before serving. Garnish with the tomato., ingredients: [2 pounds firm eggplants, 2 shallots or white onion, 4 fresh garlic cloves, Olive oil, 1 cup water, 1.6 fluid ounces balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 ripe tomato, roughly chopped, for garnish], title: Bohemian Eggplants, picturelink: null}, 15941: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place a cooling rack over 2 baking sheets for roasting the meatballs and toasting the pita.nSoak the bread in the milk. Peel the cucumber and grate into a strainer. Salt it and let it drain for 20 minutes.nPour the EVOO into a bowl, then add the meat and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Squeeze out the bread and crumble between your fingers as you add it to the meat. Add the mint, onions, oregano, cinnamon, 2 of the garlic cloves, egg and 12 of the lemon juice, and mix to combine.nUsing a small ice cream scoop, form the meat mixture into about 24 balls and place on the baking sheet. Roast to golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes. Remove the meatballs from the oven and place the broiler on high. Char the pita under the broiler, 30 seconds to 1 minute on each side.nPress the cucumber in the strainer to get out the excess water and add to a food processor. Then add the yogurt, dill, remaining 1 clove garlic, zest and remaining juice of the lemon. Season the sauce with cumin and salt and process until smooth.nServe the meatballs with the sauce and pitas and alongside the Orzo with Feta and Walnuts.nHeat a medium pot of water to a boil. Salt the water and cook the orzo to al dente, 7 minutes. Toast the walnuts until fragrant in small pan over medium heat. Combine the orzo with the walnuts, parsley, feta and a drizzle of EVOO and season with pepper., ingredients: [2 slices white bread, 1inch thick, 14 to 12 cup milk, to moisten, 12 seedless cucumber, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons EVOO, 1 12 pounds ground lamb or beef, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup finely chopped fresh mint, 3 tablespoons grated red onion, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 2 pinches cinnamon, 3 cloves garlic, grated or pasted, 1 large egg, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 4 pocketless pitas or flat breads, cut into wedges, 1 12 cups Greek yogurt, 14 cup fresh dill, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Orzo with Feta and Walnuts, recipe follows, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups orzo, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 1 cup finely chopped flat leaf parsley, 12 pound Greek feta cheese, crumbled, EVOO, for drizzling, Freshly ground pepper], title: Greek Meatballs with Tzatziki and Orzo with Feta and Walnuts, picturelink: SaD.N6POH2quqQKWaMBOvrO5stANYDi}, 15942: {instructions: Boil potatoes in salted water 10 to12 minutes, or until just tender. Drain the potatoes and spread out onto a cookie sheet to cool quickly, about 10 minutes.nIn a bowl, combine celery, onion, pimento, relish, mayonnaise and mustard.nWhen you are ready to serve, combine cooled potatoes with other ingredients. Stir the potatoes to combine and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 12 pounds russet potatoes, 3 mediumlarge potatoes, peeled and cubed, 2 ribs celery, finely chopped, 12 small to medium yellow skinned onion, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped pimento, drained, 3 tablespoons sweet pickle relish, 13 cup mayonnaise, eyeball it, 13 cup yellow mustard, eyeball it, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, optional], title: Yellow Mustard Potato Salad, picturelink: H.I2D6QEpgA0.dp3uSOJyS5Q557s5Pm}, 15943: {instructions: Special equipment: Hickory wood chips about 2 handfuls, for smokingnTo make the vinaigrette: Prepare a wok smoker by laying 2 layers of foil in the bottom of a wok. Add in 2 handfuls of the hickory wood chips, and set the smoker over high heat. Pour in the water. Wash, quarter, and seed the tomatoes. Pop them into a bamboo steamer.nArrange the tarragon and shallots around the tomatoes. Place the steamer onto your smoking wok and cover with lid or foil, and let the ingredients smoke for 20 minutes.nTransfer the tomatoshallot mixture to a big pitcher, and blend with an immersion blender or use a regular blender. Gradually, add the olive oil in a thin stream, as you are blending to achieve a nice consistency. Season with a pinch of salt and some freshly cracked black pepper.nTo make the halibut: Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F. Liberally sprinkle your halibut fillets with coarse salt and fresh cracked black pepper.nAdd just enough oil to coat the bottom of a pan, and set it over fairly high heat.nAdd the halibut fillets to the hot pan, skin side down. Once the first sides has browned nicely, about 3 to 4 minutes, flip them over and continue cooking for another 3 minutes. Then, slide the pan into the oven for about 5 minutes to finish cooking. The finished halibut should to be firm to the touch and snowy white in color, but since it is a lean fish, it will dry out if overcooked.nLadle a pool of the vinaigrette into the bottom of a deep plate, top with a piece of halibut and a few baby greens, if using. Alternatively, you could use arugula tossed with sliced shallots, as a garnish., ingredients: [12 cup water, 4 medium ripe red tomatoes, quartered and seeded, 1 large tarragon sprig, stemmed, 2 shallots, peeled and sliced in rings, 12 cup olive oil, Pinch kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 4ounce halibut fillets, Coarse salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, plus more as needed, Handful baby greens, for garnish, optional, Arugula leaves, for garnish, optional, 1 shallot, finely julienned, for garnish, optional], title: Roast Halibut with Smoked Tomato Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 15944: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCoarsely grind coriander, fennel, oregano, and red pepper flakes in an electric coffeespice grinder or with a mortar and pestle. Stir together spices and salt.nToss wedges with oil and spices in a large roasting pan and roast in middle of oven 20 minutes. Turn wedges over with a spatula and roast until tender and slightly golden, 15 to 20 minutes more., ingredients: [1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 pounds medium sweet potatoes, cut lengthwise into 1inch wedges, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Roasted Spiced Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 15945: {instructions: In a food processor or blender, mix the anchovies and the white wine to create an anchovy paste. Set aside.nHeat a large stockpot over low heat and saute the spinach in the butter until wilted, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic, shallot, anchovy paste, fennel, parsley, green onions, and Pernod. Cook for about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove the pot from the heat and let it stand for 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the oysters on a baking sheet and add about 1 tablespoon of the spinach mixture to each oyster. Spread the mixture evenly and sprinkle with Parmesan. Bake until the topping is browned, about 3 to 5 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 4ounce can anchovies, 12 cup white wine, 1 16ounce bag fresh spinach, stems removed, 12 pound butter, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 1 shallot, minced, 12 cup diced fennel bulb, 2 bunches fresh parsley, leaves chopped, 2 bunches green onions, diced, 12 cup Pernod, 24 halfshell raw Atlantic oysters, 4 ounces grated Parmesan], title: Oysters Rockefeller, picturelink: null}, 15946: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat your deepfryer to 375 degrees F.nInto an 8 by 8inch casserole dish, beat together milk, egg, cayenne, and a splash of the pickle juice.nCombine the cornmeal, flour, paprika, salt, pepper, and dill into another baking dish.nThoroughly dry the pickles with paper towels. Dredge first through the wet, then the dry ingredients. Gently place pickles into the deepfryer in batches and fry until golden brown, about 1 12 to 2 minutes. Remove to a paper towel lined sheet tray and immediately season with salt., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 1 cup milk, 1 egg, Pinch cayenne, Splash pickle juice, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons finely chopped dill, 1 jar whole dill pickles, sliced into spears], title: Fried Dill Pickles, picturelink: BTlpk1yGAM8dh84Rbhkl16UxB4xi9oC}, 15947: {instructions: Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F.nBring the stock to the boil in a large saucepan and add the cabbage, cavolo nero andor kale. Cook for a few minutes until softened you may have to do this in 2 batches. Remove the cabbage to a large bowl, leaving the stock in the pan.nToast all but 5 of the bread slices on a hot griddle pan or in a toaster, then rub them on 1 side with the garlic halves, and set aside.nNext, heat a large 4inchdeep ovenproof casseroletype pan on the stove top, pour in a couple of glugs of olive oil and add your pancetta and anchovies. When the pancetta is golden brown and sizzling, add the rosemary and cooked cabbage and toss to coat the greens in all the lovely flavors. Put the mixture and all the juices back into the large bowl.nPlace 4 of the toasted slices in the casseroletype pan, in 1 layer. Spread over 13 of the cabbage leaves, sprinkle over a 14 of the grated fontina and Parmesan and add a drizzle of olive oil. Repeat this twice, but dont stress if your pans only big enough to take layers  thats fine. Just pour in all the juices remaining in the bowl and end with a layer of untoasted bread on top. Push down on the layers with your hands.nPour the stock gently over the top until it just comes up to the top layer. Push down again and sprinkle over the remaining fontina and Parmesan. Add a good pinch of salt and pepper and drizzle over some goodquality olive oil. Bake in the preheated oven for around 30 minutes, or until crispy and golden on top.nWhen the soup is ready, divide it between your bowls. Melt the butter in a frying pan and quickly fry the sage leaves until theyre just crisp and the butter is lightly golden not burned. Spoon a bit of the flavored butter and sage leaves over the soup and add another grating of Parmesan. Such a great combonOur agreement with the producers of Jamie at Home only permit us to make 2 recipes per episode available online. Food Network regrets the inconvenience to our viewers and foodnetwork.com users, ingredients: [3 quarts goodquality chicken or vegetable stock, 1 Savoy cabbage, stalks removed, outer leaves separated, washed and roughly chopped, 2 big handfuls cavolo nero andor kale, stalks removed, leaves washed and roughly chopped, About 16 slices stale countrystyle or sourdough bread, 1 clove garlic, unpeeled, cut in 12, Olive oil, 12 to 14 slices pancetta or bacon, 1 4ounce can anchovy fillets, in oil, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves picked, 7 ounces fontina cheese, grated, 5 ounces freshly grated Parmesan, plus a little for serving, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Couple large knobs butter, Small bunch fresh sage, leaves picked], title: Italian Bread and Cabbage Soup with Sage Butter, picturelink: RPDDmd97ns.oRzzepHrAMNYveir9s4i}, 15948: {instructions: Heat the oil in a heavy large stockpot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, celery, carrot, bell pepper, and garlic, and saute until the onions are translucent, about 15 minutes. Add the chili powder, coriander, cumin, oregano and crushed red pepper, and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes with their juices, tomato juice, tomato paste, cheese rind, and 2 teaspoons of salt. Add the broth, garbanzo beans, cannellini beans, and lentils. Stir in the broccoli, zucchini, and yellow squash. Bring to a simmer over high heat. Decrease the heat to medium. Simmer, uncovered, until the lentils are tender and the mixture thickens slightly, stirring often, about 20 minutes. Season the stew to taste with more salt, if desired.nLadle the stew into bowls. Sprinkle with the shredded cheese and basil, and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 onions, chopped, 2 celery stalks, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 carrot, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 12inch pieces, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, optional, 2 14 12ounce cans diced tomatoes with juices, 1 11 12ounce can tomato juice, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 1 3inch piece Parmesan cheese rind, optional, 2 teaspoons salt, plus more to taste, 8 cups vegetable or chicken broth, 2 15 12ounce cans garbanzo beans, drained and rinsed, 2 15ounce cans cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup dried green lentils, 3 cups broccoli florets, 2 zucchini, cut crosswise into 12inch thick rounds, 2 yellow crookneck squash, cut crosswise into 12inch thick rounds, 12 cup freshly shredded Parmesan, 14 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves], title: Spicy Bean Soup, picturelink: null}, 15949: {instructions: Shell the walnuts. Soak the wheat overnight, covered with water about 1 inch above the grain. Put the pot with wheat on the stove and boil it for 23 hours on a very low simmer. There should be just enough water in the pot to keep the wheat from burning. Be sure that the heat is low and watch very carefully. Add water if necessary. Pour off water and rinse with cold water. Pour off all liquid. Spread the wheat berries out on kitchen towels and dry for 2 hours. Place the wheat berries in a food processor and grind them. Remove the wheat berries to a bowl and then grind the walnuts in the food processor. Mix the walnuts with the ground wheat. Add 2 cups granulated sugar, lemon peel, vanilla and the optional ingredients. Mound in a serving dish and sprinkle with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 pound wheat berries, 1 pound walnuts in the shell, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, grated, Peel of 1 lemon, grated, 12 cup raisins, optional, 12 cup poppy seeds, optional, 12 cup dried apricots, chopped, optional, Confectioners sugar], title: Kutya, picturelink: null}, 15950: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPour maple syrup into a small bowl. Toss nuts in syrup, remove with a slotted spoon, and bake on aluminum foil or a cookie sheet for approximately 10 minutes, or until nuts are roasted and syrup solidifies around nuts.nIn a large bowl, add beet, apple, fennel, mint, salt and pepper. Toss. Add oil and vinegar, stilton and nuts. Toss and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup pecan halves, 14 cup maple syrup, 1 large uncooked beet, peeled and coarsely grated, 1 Fuji apple or any other hard apple, peeled, cored and coarsely grated, 1 fennel bulb, trimmed and coarsely grated, 12 cup fresh mint, stems discarded, coarsely chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 4 ounces Stilton, or other blue cheese, crumbled], title: A Yummy Winter Salad of Beets, Fennel, and Apples, with Stilton and MapleCandied Pecans, picturelink: null}, 15951: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees and set the rack in the center.nPlace fennel seeds in a small frying pan and toast over medium heat until fragrant. Place seeds in a small bowl and combine with olives, juice, zest, and 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and set aside to marinate, at least 15 minutes.nHeat a large ovenproof 12inch frying pan over medium heat. Rub chicken with remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Add chicken to the pan, skin side down, and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Flip chicken over with tongs and put it in the oven to finish cooking. If youre not using an ovenproof frying pan, transfer the chicken to a baking dish first. Roast chicken for about 15 minutes, or until the internal temperature registers 160 to 165 degrees on a meat thermometer.nTake the chicken out and let it rest for 5 minutes so that the juices settle. Transfer to a serving plate and top with reserved olive mixture. Serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon fennel seeds, lightly crushed, 34 cup pitted and smashed brined green olives such as Lucques, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 teaspoons orange zest, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 bonein, skinon chicken breast halves about 10 ounces], title: Chicken Breasts with OrangeFennel SeedOlive Relish, picturelink: 1mgz8VzS1S3jHGZJaQwdaJ4vCe4U9q}, 15952: {instructions: For the pea pesto:nAdd the peas, Parmesan, garlic, fresh mint, and salt and pepper in a food processor and pulse to combine. With the machine running, slowly add the olive oil until well combined, about 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and set aside.nFor the crostini:nPreheat a stovetop griddle or grill pan on mediumhigh heat. Brush both sides of the bread with olive oil and grill until golden, about 1 to 2 minutes.nTransfer the bread to a clean surface and spread 1 to 2 tablespoons of the prepared pesto on each slice. Top with 2 tomato halves and transfer to a serving platter before serving.nCooks Note: If you dont have dayold bread on hand, you can dry out fresh bread by putting the slices in a preheated 300 degree F oven until slightly crisp, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 10ounce package frozen peas, defrosted, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 garlic clove, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 13 cup olive oil, Wholegrain baguette or ciabatta bread, cut into 12inch thick slices preferably dayold see Cooks Note, 13 cup olive oil, 8 cherry tomatoes, halved or 1 small tomato, diced], title: Pea and Mint Pesto Crostini, picturelink: null}, 15953: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the coconut, sugar, margarine, raisins, cherries, salt, and flour. Mix to combine.nIn a measuring cup, mix the yeast with the warm water. Add to the flour mixture, along with the egg. The dough should be sticky.nLeave the dough in the mixing bowel and let it rest, loosely covered with plastic wrap or a kitchen towel for 1 hour, or until doubled in size.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nDivide dough into 2 pieces. Gently knead each piece on a generously floured board and place in 2 buttered loaf pans. Let the dough rest until it doubles in size, once more. Bake until golden in color, about 50 minutes.nRemove from the oven and place on a cooling rack. Mix sugar and water and brush over hot sweetbread. Leave to cool., ingredients: [1 12 cups grated coconut, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 ounces margarine, 14 cup raisins, 14 cherries, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 12 cups flour, 1 package dry yeast, 1 cup warm water, 1 egg, gently beaten, 4 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons water], title: Sweetbread, picturelink: null}, 15954: {instructions: In medium saucepan, place the fontina cheese with flour, and mix. Add the milk and mix well with a wooden spoon. Let rest for 1 to 2 hours.nIn a medium skillet, melt butter on medium heat. Cook the bread cubes, until slightly toasted. Hold aside.nPlace saucepan on stove top on mediumlow heat, cook, stirring with the wooden spoon until cheese is well melted and combined with the other ingredients. Remove from stove top. In a small bowl, whisk the egg yolks, whisk in some of the cheese mixture to temper it. Then add the yolk mixture back into the saucepan. Mix well to incorporate all ingredients. Place back onto stovetop on medium heat and continue stirring.nServe the cheese mixture in individual molds. Garnish with shavings of truffles and place the cubed bread on the side., ingredients: [1 pound fontina cheese, cut into small cubes, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, 1 loaf preferred bread, cut into 1 to 2inch cubes, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 large egg yolks, White truffle shavings], title: Fontina Fondue, picturelink: null}, 15955: {instructions: For the peppered canola oil: Combine the canola oil, red chile flakes, garlic and lemon zest in a pot and cook over low heat for 40 to 50 minutes. Let cool completely, then strain.nFor the pesto: Combine the basil, cheese, pine nuts, garlic and lemon juice in a food processor and pulse until a paste is formed. While the machine is running, slowly drizzle in 13 to 12 cup of the peppered canola oil until the desired consistency is achieved. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the wings: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a baking sheet with olive oil.nSeason the wings with salt and pepper, drizzle with the olive oil and mix to combine. Arrange the wings on the prepared baking sheet and roast until the skin is golden brown and the wings are cooked through, 18 to 25 minutes depending on size. Remove the wings from the oven, toss with the pesto sauce, put them back in the oven and cook until just warmed through. Sprinkle with grated Parmesan and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup canola oil, 5 teaspoons red chile flakes, 1 clove garlic, Zest of 1 lemon, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, 13 cup grated Parmesan Romano cheese blend, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 3 cloves garlic, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for greasing the baking sheet, 2 pounds chicken wings, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Grated Parmesan, for sprinkling], title: Spicy Pesto Wings, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 15956: {instructions: Special equipment: butchers twinenPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Cut the rabbits as follows: With a sharp cleaver, cut off the front portions from right behind the front legs of the rabbits and cut them in half through the backbones. Then cut the saddles from the hind legs remove the bones but keep the saddles intact. Chop each hind leg into 2 piecesu00bfthe thighs and the drumsticks or lollipops. Remove the bones from the thighs discard the bones. Reserve the livers and hearts.nPlace the front portions on a baking sheet and roast until golden brown, about 25 minutes. While they roast, bring the brown or white chicken stock to a simmer in a small stockpot over medium heat. Add the roasted rabbit pieces and continue to simmer. Reduce the oven heat to 375 degrees F.nMeanwhile, puree the onion, fennel, celery, garlic and 1 tablespoon rosemary leaves in the food processor. Scrape the puree into a bowl.nCoat a large Dutch oven with some of the olive oil and heat over medium heat. Season the rabbit lollipops with salt and brown on all sides. Transfer the lollipops to a plate. Add the pureed vegetables and cook, stirring frequently, until almost dry.nAdd the white wine and let it bubble away until reduced by half. Stir in the mustard. Return the rabbit lollipops to the pan and add enough simmering stock to cover by 23. Simmer about 10 minutes, add 2 full ladles of rabbit stock, simmer another 10 minutes, and add 2 more ladles of stock. Continue to cook the rabbit until tender, about 30 minutes more, stirring occasionally. Stir in the remaining heaping teaspoon of whole grain mustard.nWhile the lollipops cook, cube the thigh meat. Put it in the bowl of a food processor with the hearts and livers, the remaining 1 12 teaspoons rosemary, the Parmesan cheese and some salt. Pulse to combine. With the processor running, stream in the cream until the mixture is smooth. This is the forcemeat.nCut the caul fat so that you have 2 pieces a little bit larger than the saddles with the loins attached. Spread the pieces of caul fat on a cutting board and lay the prosciutto on top to cover. Put a saddle on each one. Scoop the forcemeat onto the saddles between the loins and roll everything up so that the caul fat encloses the whole bundle. Season with salt. Tie with butchers twine in a few spots.nCoat a medium skillet with some of the remaining olive oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add the loins seamside down and brown them well on all sides. Leave the skillet over the heat. Transfer the loins to a small baking sheet and roast until a meat thermometer inserted in the center registers 160 degrees F, about 15 minutes.nWhile the rabbit loins roast, ladle some rabbit stock into the pan you browned them in and scrape any brown bits with a wooden spoon add the mixture to the pot of rabbit stock.nFor the ragu: Coat a medium skillet with olive oil and heat over medium heat. Add the spring onion, season with salt, and sweat them, stirring occasionally, until softened you donu00bft want them to take on any color. Add the mushrooms and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the fava beans and rabbit stock and cook just to heat the beans through.nTo serve: Slice the loins into thick rounds. Spoon some Polenta and ragu into the centers of 4 dinner plates. Divide the rabbit legs and sliced loin over and around the vegetables, and serve immediately.nBring the milk, 2 cups water and bay leaf to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Season generously with salt, almost to the point of overseasoning. How do you know that you are there TASTE ITnWhen the liquid reaches a boil, slowly whisk in the polenta in small sprinkles. Once all of the polenta has been incorporated, reduce the heat to medium and immediately switch over to stirring with a wooden spoon. Cook the polenta until it begins to pull away from the pan, adding water to loosen it up if it becomes too thick.nWhen the polenta is thoroughly cooked, it should look creamy and not feel gritty on your tongue, about 5 minutes. Remove it from the heat and stir in the Parmesan, mascarpone and chives., ingredients: [2 rabbits, 3 quarts homemade brown or white chicken stock, or storebought lowsodium chicken broth, 1 small yellow onion, chopped, 1 small fennel bulb, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon rosemary leaves, 13 to 12 cup olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon plus 1 heaping teaspoon whole grain Dijon mustard, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 pieces caul fat, 6 slices prosciutto, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 spring onion, sliced into matchsticks, Kosher salt, 8 chanterelle mushrooms, cut into small pieces, 1 cup fava beans, blanched, 2 ounces rabbit stock from the rabbit, Polenta, for serving, recipe follows, 2 cups milk, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt, 1 cup quickcooking polenta, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 14 cup mascarpone cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Rabbit with Spring Vegetable Ragu and Polenta, picturelink: 8HUH4rqQj6vMMlGZBm.ROzTGIaYASh2}, 15957: {instructions: Heat oil in large skillet and cook chicken until it begins to brown. Stir in onions and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in peppers and cook for 3 minutes. Stir in wine, tomatoes and oregano and bring to a simmer. Cover and cook for 10 minutes. Season to taste and garnish with fresh basil.nFollow package instructions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 boneless and skinless chicken breasts, sliced into 12inch strips, 1 small onion, peeled and sliced, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and sliced into strips, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and sliced into strips, 12 cup white wine, 2 cups whole tomatoes, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons fresh basil, 1 package instant couscous], title: Chicken with Peppers and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 15958: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, or 4quart slow cooker, combine all ingredients and heat through, but do not boil. Mull for 45 to 60 minutes at low heat on the stovetop or the warm setting in the slow cooker. Serve warm in clear footed coffee mugs with cinnamon stick swizzle., ingredients: [3 cups apple cider recommended: Martinellis, 4 cinnamon sticks, plus more for garnish, 12 cup spiced rum recommended: Captain Morgans, 12 cup cinnamon schnapps recommended: Goldschlagger], title: Cinnamon Apple Toddy, picturelink: RAa3MCSHfudj5mc8L6pEgXxnJ.poku.}, 15959: {instructions: Simmer corn 6 to 8 minutes in water. Drain and arrange the ears on a shallow plate in a single row. Squeeze all of the ears liberally with lime juice. Nest pats of butter into paper towels, or in a slice of bread and rub limedoused hot corn with butter. Season ears with a sprinkle of chili powder and salt, to taste, ingredients: [4 ears sweet corn, shucked and cleaned, 1 lime, wedges, 12 stick butter, cut into pats, Chili powder, for sprinkling, Salt], title: Corn on the Cob with Chili and Lime, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 15960: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 ramekins or aluminum souffle cupsnPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nMelt 14 a stick of butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Paint the inside of 6 ramekins or aluminum souffle cups with butter. Coat the inside of each ramekin with granulated sugar. Reserve.nPut the remaining stick of butter and chocolate chips in a large mixing bowl. Set the bowl on a saucepan filled with about 1inch of boiling water. Be sure that the bowl is not touching the water. Gently stir the butter and the chocolate together until melted and the mixture is smooth. Turn off the heat and reserve.nCombine the eggs, yolks, sugar and vanilla in the bowl of a stand mixer. This can also be done with a hand beater. Beat the egg mixture until it doubles in size, and gets very thick and very pale.nGently whisk the melted chocolate and butter into the egg mixture. Remove the bowl from the mixer and gently stir in the flour. Pour the batter into the prepared ramekins. Arrange the ramekins on a baking sheet and bake in the preheated oven for 14 to 15 minutes. Remove the cakes from the oven and let rest for 3 to 4 minutes.nRemove the cakes from the ramekins, and arrange them on individual serving plates. Dust with powdered sugar and garnish with crushed candy cane.nHOHOHOHOHO, ingredients: [1 14 sticks unsalted butter, Granulated sugar, for the ramekins, 12 6ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips, 3 eggs, 3 egg yolks, 1 12 cups powdered sugar, plus a little more for dusting, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 candy canes, smashed to bits], title: Molten Chocolate Cake with Crushed Candy Canes, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 15961: {instructions: Prepare the rice according to package directions without the package of seasoning. Set aside to cool to room temperature.nIn a large bowl combine the onions and tomatoes. Whisk together the oil, orange zest and juice and salt and pepper, to taste, in a small bowl. Pour the oil mixture over onions and tomatoes and add the cooled rice. Toss to combine, then cover the bowl and refrigerate until ready to serve. Can be served cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 6ounce package longgrain and wild rice, 2 tablespoons lemon infused olive oil, 12 orange, zested and juiced, 2 green onions, white and green parts, 12 cup grape tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Wild Rice Salad, picturelink: bPmjx3f9t7YTyu5dHJtjSrXTaoIzBi}, 15962: {instructions: In a small pot, melt the butter over mediumlow heat. Once the butter is melted, slowly mix in the flour until you have a thick consistency. Set aside and keep warm until ready to use. This is the roux.nIn a 3gallon stock pot, melt 4 tablespoons of butter. Once the butter is melted, add the garlic, celery, and onions along with the bay leaves, salt, and white pepper. Cook the mixture until it is lightly browned, stirring it occasionally. Add the clam juice, stir, and let it cook until it is moderately warm. Then add the potatoes and bring the chowder to a boil, stirring it occasionally. Once the soup is boiling add the chopped clams, bacon, cream, and thyme. Stir the soup and let it cook until hot, do not bring it to a boil. Remove the soup from the heat and slowly stir in the roux until the desired consistency is reached., ingredients: [1 pound unsalted butter, 1 cup flour, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 4 cups chopped celery, 4 cups chopped white onions, 3 to 4 bay leaves, 4 tablespoons salt, 4 tablespoons white pepper, 12 cups clam juice, 4 cups peeled, diced potatoes, 6 cups chopped clams, high quality, 1 cup cooked, crumbled bacon, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup fresh, chopped thyme], title: Santa Barbara Clam Chowder, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 15963: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel the carrots and cut them diagonally in 14inch slices. You should have about 6 cups of carrots. Place the carrots, 13 cup water, the salt, and pepper in a large 10 to 12inch saute pan and bring to a boil. Cover the pan and cook over mediumlow heat for 7 to 8 minutes, until the carrots are just cooked through. Add the butter and saute for another minute, until the water evaporates and the carrots are coated with butter. Off the heat, toss with the dill or parsley. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds carrots, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh dill or flatleaf parsley], title: Sauteed Carrots, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 15964: {instructions: In a nonreactive bowl combine the oil, vinegar, garlic, salt, pepper, parsley, and tarragon. Add the crab and place in the refrigerator. Toss every hour for 4 hours.nServe on a bed of mixed greens and squeeze a lemon wedge over right before eating., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chopped parsley, leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh tarragon, 12 pound cooked lump or back fin crabmeat, 12 pound cooked special crabmeat, 6 cups mixed greens, 4 to 6 lemon wedges], title: Marinated Crab Salad, picturelink: null}, 15965: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk the egg whites, sugar, raisins, dark rum, salt and vanilla in a large bowl until combined fold in the coconut.nScoop heaping tablespoonfuls of the coconut mixture about 1 inch apart onto the baking sheet. Use your fingers to form into pyramids. Bake until golden brown around the edges, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes on the baking sheet, then transfer to a rack to cool completely., ingredients: [3 large egg whites, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup raisins, 14 cup dark rum, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14ounce package sweetened shredded coconut], title: Rum Raisin Macaroons, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 15966: {instructions: Halve 6 large pepperoncini lengthwise remove the seeds and pat dry with paper towels. Cut 4 ounces provolone into twelve 12inchwide pieces and stuff into the pepper halves. Top each with about 12 teaspoon olive tapenade and wrap with a thin slice of coppa or salami. Secure with toothpicks., ingredients: [], title: CheeseandCoppa Pepperoncini, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 15967: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, combine the cream cheese, fresh dill, lemon zest, and lemon juice. Season the mixture with salt and pepper.nLay the slices of bread on your work service and distribute the cream cheese evenly among each slice, spreading into a thin layer. Arrange the cucumber slices in rows over 3 slices of the bread. Top with the remaining bread, and cut into quarters so there are 4 pieces from each sandwich. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 slices goodquality white bread, 13 large English seedless cucumber about 4 inches, thinly sliced], title: Cucumber and Lemony Dill Cream Cheese Tea Sandwiches, picturelink: 5QIOeqr7aDhC4h2bNprEv20PI2hs5i}, 15968: {instructions: Saute or grill the asparagus until slightly tender. Let cool. Wrap each stalk with a slice of fontina and the prosciutto. Serve with an aioli dipping sauce.nPlace the egg yolk, lemon juice, garlic, and salt into a food processor. Process until well blended. With the machine running, pour in the olive oil in a steady stream and process until the mixture thickens. Scrape into a bowl and squeeze a few more drops of lemon juice over the top, stir and set aside., ingredients: [1 bunch asparagus, trimmed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, 10 thin slices prosciutto, 10 slices fontina, Aioli, recipe follows, 1 egg yolk, 2 lemons, juiced, 2 garlic cloves, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: AsparagusFontinaProsciutto Wraps, picturelink: null}, 15969: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a saute pan over medium heat, add extravirgin olive oil. When almost smoking, add the onion and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the carrot and cook for 3 minutes. Add the zucchini and squash cook for 5 minutes. Add asparagus and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from heat when all vegetables are completely cooked but still have a good crunch. Allow to cool.nUsing a 6inch round cookie cutter, cut circles out of the lasagna sheets. You will need 18 circles. Coat the bottom of 6 6inch gratin dishes with a teaspoon of tomato sauce in each. Place a circle of pasta on the bottom of each ramekin. Rinse the beans with water and season with salt and pepper. Divide the beans between each ramekin. Next, divide the spinach between the ramekins. Place a second layer of pasta on top and gently press down. Divide the sauteed vegetables among the ramekins and top with a tablespoon of tomato sauce in each. Place the third layer of pasta in each ramekin and coat with a tablespoon of tomato sauce. Sprinkle ramekins with the mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses, and top each with 12 tablespoon of butter. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and place gratin dishes on top. Bake in oven for 20 minutes or until brown and bubbling.nIn a large casserole pot or Dutch over, heat oil over medium high heat. Add onion and garlic and saute until soft and translucent, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add celery and carrots and season with salt and pepper. Saute until all the vegetables are soft, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add tomatoes and bay leaves and simmer uncovered on low heat for 1 hour or until thick. Remove bay leaves and check for seasoning. If sauce still tastes acidic, add unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon at a time to round out the flavors.nAdd 12 the tomato sauce into the bowl of a food processor. Process until smooth. Continue with remaining tomato sauce.nIf not using all the sauce, allow it to cool completely and pour 1 to 2 cup portions into freezer plastic bags. This will freeze up to 6 months., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium Spanish onion, finely chopped, 1 medium carrot, finely chopped, 1 medium zucchini, finely chopped, 1 medium summer squash, finely chopped, 8 asparagus spears, cut into 14inch slices, 1 pound fresh plain lasagna sheets, 2 cups Simple tomato sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 cups canned white beans, rinsed and drained, 2 10ounce packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 3 cups shredded mozzarella, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, halved, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 32ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 2 dried bay leaves, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, optional], title: Individual Vegetable Lasagnas, picturelink: a5RcKaTw6NI5kz0l2FsWru1R9kodaW}, 15970: {instructions: Heat a soup pot over medium high heat. Add oil and pancetta or prosciutto. Saute 2 minutes and add onions, celery, garlic, zucchini and bay to the pot. Season vegetables with salt and pepper, to your taste. Saute vegetables 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Add white beans, garbanzo beans and chicken broth to the pot. Cover soup and bring to a boil. Add pasta and green beans to the soup and cook 8 minutes, or until pasta is just tender. Stir in spinach to wilt, 1 minute. Stir in grated cheese and ladle soup into bowls. Top soup with torn or shredded basil or chopped parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 4 slices pancetta or 14 pound thick cut prosciutto, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 2 large cloves garlic, crushed, 1 medium zucchini, diced, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, 1 can white beans, cannellini, 1 can garbanzo beans, ceci, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 cups chicken broth or stock, 1 cup ditalini pasta or mini penne pasta, 12 pound green beans, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 10 ounces triple washed spinach, stems removed and coarsely chopped, or any other dark greens, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano, plus extra to pass at the table, 12 to 16 leaves fresh basil, torn or shredded or 14 cup chopped parsley leaves], title: Green Minestrone, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 15971: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a bowl combine coriander, garlic, cumin, paprika, cinnamon, salt and pepper to taste. Add olive oil, lemon and honey. Make a paste, rub onto wings and marinade overnight. Place in pan and bake for 20 minutes. Cover chili peppers with hot water and let soak 1 hour. Drain peppers and cut into small pieces. Mash or grind to puree with garlic, lemon, vinegar and salt to taste. In a saucepan melt butter and add chili puree, combine well. Brush wings with mixture and bake an additional 10 minutes. Crisp under broiler for 1 to 2 minutes. In a saucepan combine tomatoes, garlic, cumin, coriander, paprika, cinnamon, salt and cayenne to taste. Simmer for 20 minutes over low heat. Stir in yogurt and lemon juice to taste. Transfer to serving bowl. Arrange wings on serving platter. Garnish with flat leaf parsley. Serve with sauce., ingredients: [12 chicken wings, halved, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander, 4 cloves garlic, mashed, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon honey, 12ounce chili peppers, 2 large cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups pureed canned plum tomatoes, 4 cloves garlic, mashed, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon coriander, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, Salt and cayenne, 1 cup yogurt, drained, 1 teaspoon lemon juice], title: Moroccan Style Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 15972: {instructions: In a small slow cooker, add the cheese cubes as well as both cans of the tomatoes with chilies, including the liquid from the cans. Set the slow cooker to low and let melt, stirring occasionally, until completely melted, about 30 minutes. Keep warm until ready to serve.nServe with tortilla chips, flour tortillas or as a topping for fajitas, nachos or tacos., ingredients: [Two 16ounce packages processed cheese, such as Velveeta, cut into 1inch cubes, Two 10ounce cans tomatoes with chilies, such as Rotel Original, Tortilla chips, for serving, Flour tortillas, for serving], title: Slow Cooker Texas Queso, picturelink: qIiS64R3wq1Y7zwtiCpO0PrB0Q5Ai}, 15973: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F190 degrees C.nCut slices across the potatoes like slicing hardboiled eggs, only without slicing the knife all the way through the potato. Insert a few herbs into each potato, between the slices. Lay them on a baking sheet, drizzle with oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake until brown and crisp on the outside and soft inside, 45 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [About 10 medium potatoes, such as Yukon gold, scrubbed clean, Bay leaves, Fresh sprigs thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Accordion Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 15974: {instructions: Cut lobster by piercing the middle of the skull and continue to cut through to the tail. Clean the inside thoroughly.nSaute 1 of the onions and the garlic together in olive oil for 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the lobster halves and cook 2 to 3 minutes or until the lobster turns a light red color. Remove the lobster. Pull the meat out of the shell, roughly chop and place in the refrigerator. Return the shells to the pan. At this time, deglaze the pan with 2 12 cups of the white wine. Add the cream and let cook uncovered until the cream reduces to 3 cups and turns a light redorange color, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Remove the shells.nSaute the remaining onion in a saucepan in olive oil for 3 minutes, or until transparent. Add the arborio rice and stir for 1 minute. Deglaze with the remaining 12 cup white wine and cook until wine is almost completely absorbed.nPour in enough water to just cover the rice. Cook until al dente, about 15 minutes. Add the rice to the lobster sauce and cook down for 15 minutes, or until the rice is creamy and tender. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, spoon desired amount of risotto and place the lobster on top. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [1 3 to 5pound live lobster, 1 white onion, chopped fine, plus 1 white onion, finely chopped, 7 garlic cloves, minced, Olive oil, for sauteing, 3 cups white wine, 2 quarts heavy whipping cream, 2 cups arborio rice, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon pepper, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Lobster Risotto, picturelink: null}, 15975: {instructions: In a large nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat, brown the sausage while breaking it apart, for approximately 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the sausage from the pan to paper towels. Discard excess grease or keep 2 tablespoons for frying the pancakes.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, sugar, salt, and baking powder. In another bowl, whisk together the buttermilk and egg yolks until smooth and velvety. Reserve the egg whites in a third bowl. Add buttermilk and egg yolks to the flour mixture. Stir with a spoon until well incorporated. Add the melted butter and stir until well incorporated. Using an electric hand mixer, beat the egg whites in a bowl until stiff peaks are formed, approximately 2 to 3 minutes. Fold the egg whites into the batter using a rubber spatula. Batter should be fluffy.nIn a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons butter or 2 tablespoons of the reserved sausage fat. Working in batches, ladle the batter in the pan to form 4inch pancakes. Sprinkle a heaping tablespoon of cooked sausage onto each pancake. Batter should puff up around sausage. Cook each pancake for 2 to 3 minutes then flip, cooking for an additional 2 to 3 minutes until nicely browned and cooked through. Repeat with remaining batter and sausage.nOnce finished, remove the pancakes from the pan onto a platter. Spread liberally with the HoneyMaple Butter and sprinkle with powdered sugar. Serve with maple syrup.nPut the butter, honey, maple syrup, salt and cinnamon into a bowl. Mix well with a wooden spoon until well incorporated. Set aside until ready to use., ingredients: [1 pound bulk breakfast sausage, 2 cups selfrising flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, Pinch salt, Pinch baking powder, 1 34 cups buttermilk, 2 large eggs, separated, 14 cup melted butter, plus 2 tablespoons, for frying pancakes, Honey Maple Butter, recipe follows, Powdered sugar, to garnish, 14 cup maple syrup, for serving, 1 stick butter, softened, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, Pinch salt, Pinch ground cinnamon], title: Slammin Sausage Pancakes with Honey Maple Syrup, picturelink: null}, 15976: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a heavy bottom skillet, brown sausage over medium heat. Add a little oil to the bottom of the pan if it sticks, add a little oil and break it up with the back of a wooden spoon. Cook until all the pink is gone. With a slotted spoon, remove the sausage from the skillet into a bowl.nRemove the inside of the potatoes and place a bowl with the Parmesan. Mash with a potato masher until they are smooth. Add the egg, sour cream, 14 cup panko bread crumbs, and season with salt and pepper. Add sausage to the bowl with the potatoes and mix well.nWith your hands, divide the pork mixture into 14 cup portions and flatten so that each croquette is about 12inch thick.nAdd 1 cup panko bread crumbs to a 13 by 9inch casserole dish and add chopped parsley and stir to combine. Dredge croquettes through the panko mixture and repeat.nHeat a heavy bottomed skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add enough oil to cover the bottom of the pan. Add the croquettes and saute until golden brown and crisp, about 6 minutes per side.nHold in a 200 degrees F oven while you prepare the eggs and hollandaise.nFor the Hollandaise Sauce: Add yolks, mustard and heavy cream to a blender. Blend until the egg yolks look light yellow and foamy about 1 minute. Keeping the blender on, slowly stream in the melted butter, making sure it emulsifies fully. Keep blending and add a pinch of salt and pepper, lemon juice, cayenne and hot sauce. Blend again until fully incorporated, then add chives at very end. Keep warm.nFor the eggs: Add oil to a non stick skillet over medium heat until hot. Add eggs and fry in batches until the whites are set and the yolks slightly runny. Season with salt and pepper.nLay a small handful of baby spinach on the serving dish and top with pork croquette. Top the croquette with the fried egg and ladle over the hollandaise sauce., ingredients: [1 pound pork sausage recommended: Country sausage, Oil, if needed, 3 baked potatoes, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup sour cream, 1 14 cups panko bread crumbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, Vegetable oil, for panfrying, 3 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 sticks butter, melted, 12 lemon, juiced, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, Dash hot sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 6 large eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 5ounce bag baby spinach], title: Neelys Egg Benedict on a Pork Croquette, picturelink: VEQOmWHLU6JK5hT.OA92QlcNQeyBoV2}, 15977: {instructions: Combine the flour, 3 tablespoons of the sugar, and 12 teaspoon salt in a bowl and place in the freezer for 30 minutes. Put the flour mixture in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Add the butter and Crisco and pulse about 10 times until the butter is in small bits. Add the ice water and process until the dough comes together. Dump on a wellfloured board and form into a disk. Wrap in plastic and chill for at least 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll out the dough and fit into a 9inch tart pan with removable sides. Dont stretch the dough when placing it in the pan or it will shrink during baking. Cut off the excess by rolling the pin across the top of the pan. Line the tart shell with a piece of buttered aluminum foil, butter side down, and fill it with dried beans or rice. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove the beans and foil and prick the bottom of the shell all over with a fork to allow the steam to escape. Bake for another 15 to 20 minutes, until lightly browned. Set aside to cool.nRaise the oven temperature to 425 degrees F.nFor the meringue, whip the egg whites, cream of tartar, and 14 teaspoon salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment on high speed until frothy. With the mixer still running, slowly add the remaining 12 cup of sugar and beat until the meringue is thick and shiny, about 2 minutes.nImmediately spread the lime filling in the cooled tart shell and pipe the meringue over it with a large star tip. Be sure the meringue covers the entire top and touches the edges of the shell, to prevent it from shrinking. Bake for 3 to 5 minutes, until the meringue is lightly browned. Cool to room temperature.nCream the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment for 1 minute. On low speed, add the eggs, one at a time, and then add the lime zest, lime juice, and salt. Dont worry it will look curdled.nPour the mixture into a small saucepan and cook over mediumlow heat for 6 to 8 minutes, until thick, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. Whisk briskly when it starts to thicken and cook over low heat for a minute or two, whisking constantly. Dont allow it to boil It will be 175 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Pour into a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and chill.nYield: 3 cups, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup, plus 3 tablespoons sugar, Kosher salt, 6 tablespoons 34 stick cold unsalted butter, diced, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, recommended: Crisco, 14 cup ice water, 4 extralarge egg whites, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Lime Filling, recipe follows, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 4 extralarge eggs, 14 cup finely grated lime zest 6 to 8 limes, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 18 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Lime Meringue Tart, picturelink: null}, 15978: {instructions: For the Cake: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle. Coat 2 9inch round cake pans with butter and dust with cocoa powder.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together cocoa, flour, espresso powder, baking soda, and baking powder until well combined set aside. Combine the sugar, oil, eggs, vanilla, and salt in a separate large bowl, and whisk until combined and smooth. Combine the milk and coffee in a small bowl. Add 13 of the milk mixture into the sugaregg mixture and whisk until just incorporated. Add 13 of the flour mixture, and whisk until smooth. Continue with the remaining milk and flour mixture, alternating between each and whisking until all the ingredients are just incorporated and smooth.nDivide the batter evenly between prepared pans. Put the pans on a baking sheet. Bake, rotating the baking sheet 180 degrees halfway through, until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 25 to 30 minutes.nRemove the cakes from the oven and let them rest, in the pans, on a cooling rack for 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the cakes from the pans, and cool completely before proceeding.nFor the Pudding: Combine the sugar, cornstarch, cocoa powder, espresso powder and salt in a medium saucepan and whisk to evenly combine. Whisk in the milk and vanilla until completely incorporated and the mixture is smooth. Whisk in the egg yolks until combined.nCook over mediumlow heat, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens and bubbles, about 7 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring constantly, until completely thickened, about 1 minute more.nRemove from the heat and immediately add the chocolate and the butter, and stir until melted and evenly combined. Put plastic wrap directly on surface of the pudding and chill at least 1 12 hours.nTo assemble: Arrange 1 of the cakes on a flat cake plate and top with 13 of the pudding, spreading evenly and almost to the edges. Top with second cake then use the remaining pudding to frost the top and sides of the cake.nPress the cookie crumbs into the sides and top of the cake. Pick up any fallen crumbs and apply them, pressing gently to cover the cake completely. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 30 minutes before serving.nFor the Whipped Cream: In a medium bowl, add the cream and whisk until soft peaks form. Add the rum and continue to whisk until stiff and the cream sticks to the whisk. Serve the whipped cream on the side., ingredients: [Butter, for pans, 1 12 cups unsweetened cocoa powder, plus more for dusting pans, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 2 cups granulated sugar, 23 cup vegetable oil, 3 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons table salt, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup strong brewed coffee, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder, 12 teaspoon table salt, 2 12 cups whole milk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 3 large egg yolks, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 box chocolate wafers, crushed to crumbs about 2 cups recommended: Nabisco Famous Chocolate Wafers, 1 cup whipping cream, 1 to 2 tablespoons dark rum], title: Mocha Blackout Cake, picturelink: ehB84iNrOoCmssd6qmOfS8ntIVc6ShS}, 15979: {instructions: Cook corn in salted water until tender. Remove corn from cob. Peel and julienne jicama. Dice red and yellow peppers. Put all ingredients for dressing in a medium sauce pot except oil and bring to a boil. Slowly emulsify oil into base and reserve. Toss spinach, jicama and corn together and dress.nDivide evenly between six plates and garnish with peppers and pinon., ingredients: [6 ears of corn, 2 jicama, 1 red pepper, finely diced, 1 yellow pepper, finely diced, 3 baby spinach, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, Juice of 3 limes, 2 tablespoons tequila, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, 1 pinch cumin, 1 pinch cayenne], title: Sweet Corn, Jicama, and Baby Spinach Salad with Tequila Lime Dressing, picturelink: null}, 15980: {instructions: In a small skillet over mediumlow heat, toast curry powder, stirring frequently, until aromatic, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl to cool. In a small bowl combine mayonnaise, tamarind date sauce, curry powder, coconut milk, and salt. Stir to combine. Keep refrigerated, in an airtight container, for up to one week.nIn a blender, combine egg yolks, vinegar, mustard, lemon juice, hot pepper sauce, and a pinch of salt. Blend until thoroughly combined. With blender running, add 2 cups vegetable oil in a slow, steady stream. Add enough of the remaining oil to achieve a thick creamy consistency. Mayonnaise will keep, refrigerated in an airtight container, for up to 1 week. Yield: 3 cups RAW EGG WARNING Food Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell. Note: Raw eggs should not be used in food prepared for pregnant women, babies, young children, the elderly or anyone whose health is compromised., ingredients: [3 tablespoons hot curry powder, 1 cup Basic Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 14 cup tamarind date sauce, 2 tablespoons sweetened coconut milk, Pinch salt, 3 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons Champagne vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 dashes hot pepper sauce, Fine sea salt, 2 to 2 12 cups vegetable oil], title: Sweet Curry Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 15981: {instructions: Line a heavy large baking sheet with parchment paper. Stir the sugar, water, light corn syrup, and dark corn syrup in a heavy large saucepan over medium heat until the sugar dissolves. Increase the heat to high and boil without stirring until a candy thermometer registers 260 degrees F, about 20 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumlow. Mix in the hazelnuts, butter, and salt the mixture will be thick and nutty, and cook until the thermometer registers 295 degrees F, stirring constantly, about 15 minutes. Quickly stir in the baking soda. Immediately pour the caramel onto the prepared baking sheet, spreading it as thinly as possible. Let stand until hard.nBreak the brittle into pieces and store in an airtight container at room temperature. If desired, serve over your favorite ice cream., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 12 cup light corn syrup, 13 cup dark corn syrup, 2 12 cups coarsely chopped toasted hazelnuts, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda], title: Hazelnut Crunch: Noci Croccante, picturelink: .5DDeDZrwiqNxtfRKjJbZ8YHKlYtsTi}, 15982: {instructions: To poach salmon, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Season salmon all over with salt and pepper. Bring stock or juice to a boil in a large ovenproof skillet. Add fish, so they are barely touching, and bring liquid back to a boil. Turn fish over, then cover with a piece of parchment paper coated with olive oil. Transfer to oven and bake 5 minutes. Turn fish over, cover again, and bake an additional 2 minutes. Drain and reserve the liquid in the pan for use as stock. Transfer fish to a platter, cover with plastic wrap, and chill until serving time.nTo make dressing, remove stems and finely chop all herbs. If these fresh herbs are not available, substitute chives, mint, marjoram, or chervil. Watercress or the bright yellow leaves inside celery stalks are also preferable to dried herbs. Mix all ingredients in a small bowl, and reserve in refrigerator.nTo serve, arrange each fillet on a lettuce lined serving plate. Spoon on tomato and herb mixture. We like to serve with various garnishes such as radishes, sliced avocado, pickles or olives around the salmon., ingredients: [6 6 ounce skinless salmon fillets, Salt and white pepper, 3 cups fish stock or clam juice, 1 bunch oregano, 1 bunch basil, 1 bunch parsley, 1 bunch thyme, 6 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 head Boston lettuce, leaves separated and washed], title: Cold Poached Salmon with Tomato and Herbs, picturelink: null}, 15983: {instructions: Combine the port sugar, vanilla pods and seeds, cinnamon, orange peel and peppercorns in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil and reduce the heat. Simmer until the liquid has the consistency of a light syrup, about 20 minutes. You will have about 1 12 cups of syrup. Add the figs and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Turn off the heat and cool the figs in the syrup. Serve the figs in a bowl with their juices spooned over., ingredients: [3 cups tawny port, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 1 3inch cinnamon stick, 1 3inch strips orange peel, 8 whole black peppercorns, 12 black mission figs, ripe yet firm], title: Figs Poached in Port, picturelink: null}, 15984: {instructions: Start by browning the ground beef in a large pot. Get two big yellow onions that could make the neighborhood cry. Quarter the onions and then slice them about 13 of an inch thick. I like the onion pieces big so that they dont disappear in the chili. When the meat is mostly browned, add the onions and cook until the meat is browned and the onions start to soften.nDrain the liquid from all of the beans and add them in. Add crushed tomato, tomato paste and spices. Simmer on low covered for about an hour, stirring frequently. Uncover the chili and taste for seasoning. Add cayenne pepper and Durkee Red Hot sauce to taste. Cook uncovered for another hour until it starts to thicken. Dont forget to stir frequently.nServe in generous bowls with shredded cheddar on top and an icecold beer on the side., ingredients: [2 cans Kidney Beans, 1 can Chick Peas Garbanzos, 1 can Black Beans, 1 can Pink Beans, 14 cup chili powder, 4 tbs onion powder, 4 tbs garlic powder, 1 tbs salt, 1 tbs black Pepper, 1 tsp cayenne pepper, 1 small can tomato paste, 2 large can crushed tomato, 14 cup spicy brown mustard, 2 lbs lean ground beef, 2 large yellow onions, Cayenne pepper, to taste, Durkee Red Hot sauce, to taste], title: Edna Joness Meat and Bean Chili, picturelink: null}, 15985: {instructions: Combine all stuffing ingredients and correct seasoning. The stuffing must taste delicious by itself. This stuffing should be made at time of final preparation or the bread stuffing will have a heavier consistency than desired.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Keep fumet hot in a pot on the stove.nCheck the entire fish for scales or bones. This is done by running your fingers over all surfaces of the fish. Remove any bones with a pair of needlenosed pliers.nPlace fish on a lightly oiled sheet of aluminum foil in large pan. Salt with kosher salt inside and out.nSince there are crevices within the fish, use your hands to place the salt throughout. Pepper the inside and outside of the fish. Lightly place a coat of olive oil on outside of fish. Stuff fish with bread mixture. If the mixture does not adequately remain in the fish cavity, gently tie the fish around with butchers twine every few inches. Place fish in oven and pour 3 cups of the hot fumet over fish. Cover and cook for about 80 to 90 minutes, basting with hot fumet every 15 minutes.nTo check for doneness use a fork in the thickest part of the flesh and determine that the meat is opaque, signifying doneness. The fish will have an internal temperature of 130 degrees when it is done.nRemove fish from the pan with foil. Gently peel back foil and place fish on a platter. Slice and serve.nSimmer first 9 ingredients for 25 to 30 minutes. Add fish parts. Simmer for 1 hour, covered. Salt and pepper, to taste.nStrain through chinois. Strain again, using cheesecloth. Place liquid in tightly covered container and refrigerate until needed., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 1 red pepper, roasted and finely chopped, 8 shallots chopped and lightly Sauteed, 1 bunch parsley, stems removed, finely chopped, 12 bunch basil, stems removed, finely chopped, 1 bunch dill, stems removed, finely chopped, 1 bunch chives, finely chopped, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 4 cups fresh bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon salt, Pepper, 1 large 10 pound striped bass, head removed, thoroughly cleaned, boned, and scaled, 3 cups fish fumet, recipe follows, 4 onions, roughly chopped, 6 carrots, roughly chopped, 3 celery stalks, roughly chopped, 3 shallots, roughly chopped, 1 bunch parsley, 1 tablespoon dry thyme, 3 to 4 bay leaves, 1 bottle 750 cc white wine, 5 cups water, 5 pounds whitefleshed fish heads and bones, Salt and pepper], title: Oven Poached Stuffed Striped Bass, picturelink: null}, 15986: {instructions: Soysicle:nIn a saucepan, heat soy milk, sugar, and cocoa powder to a simmer while whisking. Once mixture comes to a simmer, remove from heat and add chocolate. Whisk until combined. Pour mixture into blender and process until chocolate is emulsified 23 minutes. Add vanilla extract and Grand Marnier. Cool in an ice bath and spin in an ice cream maker.nChocolate Magic Shell:nHeat chocolate until melted add oil. Fold in crushed cereal and candied soy nuts. Dip soysicles in mixture. Let harden in the freezer. Remove from freezer and enjoy, ingredients: [44 oz chocolate soy milk, 18 oz sugar, 5.3 oz cocoa powder, Valrhona, 12 oz 64 chocolate, chopped Cacao Barry, 1 tsp vanilla extract, 1 oz Grand Marnier, 3 oz 64 chocolate Cacao Barry, 20 oz soybean oil, 2 cups puffed cereal, crushed brown organic rice crispy, 1.5 cups candied soy nuts], title: Chocolate Fudge Soysicle, picturelink: TRvVPg9r4IxMSQTosa8lUvjoRA.Yzja}, 15987: {instructions: Special equipment: a wide, shallow 2 or 2 12quart baking dishnAdjust two racks to the top and bottom position of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil.nPierce the eggplants all over with a fork, and place on the foillined baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil. Roast on the top rack until completely soft when pierced with a paring knife, 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, toss the grape tomatoes with 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds pepper. Spread on a small baking sheet and roast in the same oven until the tomatoes are soft and wrinkled, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl.nMix together the panko, walnuts, flour and 12 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Drizzle in 3 tablespoons olive oil and mix until the mixture starts to clump. Reserve.nWhen the eggplants are cool enough to handle, halve them and scoop the soft flesh into the bowl with the tomatoes if the eggplants are too slippery to handle, hold them with a clean towel while scooping. Discard the skins and stems. Using a fork or spoon, mash the eggplant into smaller bitesized pieces. Its okay if the tomatoes get mashed in the process. Add the garlic, 1 tablespoon each of dill and parsley, the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons salt, and a few grinds of pepper. Check for seasoning and add more salt, if necessary.nDrizzle a little olive oil in the bottom of a wide 2quart baking dish. Spread the eggplant mixture in the dish. Sprinkle feta in an even layer, then top with the reserved pankowalnut mixture. Bake until the top is golden brown and the eggplant is hot, 30 to 35 minutes.nRight before serving, sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons each dill and parsley and the lemon zest., ingredients: [2 to 3 large eggplants 3 12 pounds total, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup panko, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 2 cups grape tomatoes, halved, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh dill, 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley, 12 cup crumbled feta about 2 12 ounces, Zest of 1 lemon], title: Eggplant Crisp with Walnut Streusel, picturelink: XsCwylWcLvaJbSKAofUfbIMHZG7oCDe}, 15988: {instructions: Trim the meat and cut into cubes. Heat the oil in a large saucepan. Add the pounded spice paste and fry until fragrant. Add the cardamom seeds, cloves, cinnamon, galangal, lemongrass, and salam leaves. After 2 minutes, add the meat and stir until the meat stiffens. Add the coconut milk and stir well on low fire until meat is tender, about 1 to 2 hours. When you see that the coconut milk is evaporating, add some hot water. When the oil comes up, take it away and keep stirring until the sauce becomes thick. Serve with white rice.nCombine all of the ingredients and mix into a fine paste in a mortar and pestle, or in a food processor., ingredients: [2 pounds lamb meat or lamb innards, 5 tablespoons vegetable oil, Spice Paste, recipe follows, 2 cardamom seeds, 3 cloves, 1 1 12inch piece cinnamon, 1 34inch piece fresh galangal, smashed, 2 lemongrass stalks, bruised, 3 salam leaves optional See Cooks Note, 1 12 quarts coconut milk, 5 red chilies, chopped, 10 shallots, chopped, 5 cloves garlic, peeled, 5 candlenuts, 1 34inch piece fresh ginger, chopped, 34inch piece fresh turmeric, chopped, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 12 tablespoon anise seed, 15 black peppercorns, 14 tablespoon fennel seeds, Salt], title: Lamb Curry, picturelink: null}, 15989: {instructions: Make filling: In a bowl beat cream cheese until fluffy. Quarter eggs and with back of a spoon force through a coarse sieve into cream cheese. Add scallion and stir well. Filling may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring filling to room temperature before proceeding.nTo make egg sheets: In a bowl dissolve cornstarch in water and whisk in eggs and salt until smooth. Brush a nonstick skillet measuring 6 inches across bottom lightly with oil and heat over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Halffill a 14cup measure with egg mixture. Remove skillet from heat and pour in 18 cup egg mixture, swirling skillet to coat evenly. Return skillet to heat and cook egg sheet until set, 10 to 15 seconds. Loosen edges of egg sheet with a heatproof rubber spatula and turn sheet over. Cook egg sheet until set, 5 to 10 seconds more, and slide onto a plate. Make more egg sheets with remaining mixture in same manner, brushing skillet lightly with oil each time. Egg sheets may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, wrapped in plastic wrap. Makes 8 or 9 egg sheets.nOn a work surface arrange 2 egg sheets, side by side and overlapping by 1inch. Put a dab of filling between sheets where they overlap to act as glue and press sheets together gently. Spread 12 cup filling on overlapping egg sheets, leaving about a 12inch border on each long side. Fold in border of long side nearest you and tightly roll up sheets jellyroll fashion into 1 11inchlong roll. Wrap egg sheet roll in plastic wrap and chill 1 hour, or until firm. Make 3 more egg sheet rolls with remaining egg sheets and filling in same manner. Egg sheet rolls may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, wrapped well.nDiscard plastic wrap and trim ends of egg sheet rolls. Cut rolls crosswise into 34inch pieces. Arrange pieces, cut ends up, on a platter and top each with about 14 teaspoon caviar., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 hardcooked large eggs, 1 cup finely chopped scallion greens from about 1 large bunch, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon cold water, 4 large eggs, beaten lightly, 14 teaspoon salt, Vegetable oil, for brushing skillet, 2 ounces beluga or sevruga caviar], title: Caviar, Cream Cheese, Scallion and Egg Towers, picturelink: null}, 15990: {instructions: Place cut fruit in a large bowl. Mix lime juice and liqueur together and pour over fruit. Sprinkle with mint and toss well. Serve immediately or refrigerate up to 1 day., ingredients: [10 cups assorted fresh fruit, such as cantaloupe, honeydew, papaya, pineapple, mango, strawberries, and seedless red grapes, cut into bitesize pieces, 1 lime, juiced about 14 cup, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves], title: Minted Fruit Salad, picturelink: QoRWO28VYzwxO6J7FsRiB4UKcYeIhTe}, 15991: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 3 piping or resealable bags and wooden skewersnDivide the frosting evenly among three medium bowls. Add 1 shade of food coloring to each and stir to make three different colors of frosting.nTransfer each frosting to a piping or resealable plastic bag with one corner snipped. Starting along the outside edge of a cookie, pipe concentric circles of frosting, alternating colors for each circle, until the surface is covered. Drag a skewer from the center of the cookie outward to make lines through the frosting, making sure to clean the tip of the skewer between drags. Continue to drag lines through the circles until a star shape is formed. Repeat the process on each cookie., ingredients: [Two 16ounce cans storebought vanilla frosting, 3 different foodcoloring gels of your choice, 12 storebought sugar cookies], title: TieDye Cookies, picturelink: IE05gY1dnm10VaPgfPf57Y.WrrMG3X2}, 15992: {instructions: Preheat oven 325 degrees F.nCombine dry ingredients. Add wet ingredients, mixing only until moist. Fold in rhubarb and walnuts. Combine topping ingredients and sprinkle over muffins. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 cups flour, 34 cups brown sugar, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 egg, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup chopped rhubarb, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 12 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Rhubarb Walnut Muffins, picturelink: null}, 15993: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 12count muffin tin, cupcake linersnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the white cake batter: In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the butter and sugar and beat until light and fluffy. One at a time, add the eggs, mixing each one in completely before adding the next. Add the vanilla and beat to combine.nIn another bowl, sift or whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. With the mixer running, add a third of the flour mixture and then the milk, beating just to incorporate. Beat in the remaining flour mixture. Transfer the batter to a clean bowl and set aside.nFor the chocolate cake batter: In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the butter and sugar and beat until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, mixing completely before adding the next then add the vanilla, beating to combine.nIn yet another bowl, sift or whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder and salt. With the mixer running, add a third of the flour mixture then add the milk, beating just to incorporate. Beat in the remaining flour mixture.nLine a muffin tin with cupcake liners or spray with nonstick cooking spray. Divide the white cake batter evenly among the muffin cups, and then do the same with the chocolate batter.nBake for 15 to 18 minutes, or until a cake tester comes out clean. Cool slightly, then transfer to a wire rack to cool while you prepare the buttercream.nFor the strawberry buttercream: Puree the strawberries in a blender until completely smooth. Press through a finemesh sieve into a small saucepot. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and cook, stirring frequently, until reduced by half, about 10 minutes youll need at least 12 cup. Cool completely.nIn a mixing bowl, add 3 cups of the confectioners sugar, the butter and the vanilla and beat with a hand mixer until combined. Add the strawberry reduction, beat until incorporated, and then gradually add the remaining 1 cup confectioners sugar. Transfer to a piping bag fitted with a round tip and pipe the buttercream onto the cupcakes., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Nice pinch salt, 12 cup milk, 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Nice pinch of salt, 12 cup milk, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 pint strawberries, hulled, 4 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract], title: Neapolitan Cupcakes with Strawberry Buttercream, picturelink: FldGMcIN71m5jDmIErAqbkY.lQH05tG}, 15994: {instructions: Combine the applejack, pumpkin puree and apple cider in a shaker with ice. Shake vigorously until chilled. Stir in the ginger beer. Strain into 4 rocks glasses filled with ice. Garnish with the apple slices., ingredients: [6 ounces applejack, 4 ounces pumpkin puree, 4 ounces apple cider, chilled, 6 ounces ginger beer, chilled, 4 apple slices, for garnish], title: Jack the Pumpkin, picturelink: OP9XYNbRP9xbJM.By8uhGTWy7fY46a}, 15995: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a pastry bag fitted with a small round pastry tipnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat an 8inch square baking dish with cooking spray.nSeparate the egg whites and yolks into 2 small bowls set aside the yolks. Whisk the whites until just foamy, transfer them to the prepared baking dish, cover the dish with foil and bake until the whites have fully set, about 20 minutes. Let cool completely in the baking dish.nWhile the whites are baking, beat the yolks until smooth. Lightly coat a medium nonstick skillet with cooking spray. Add the yolks, and scramble over medium low until fully cooked and slightly dry, 4 to 5 minutes.nTransfer the yolks to a food processor. Add the mayonnaise, vinegar, mustard, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper, and pulse until smooth and creamy. Transfer the yolk mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a small round tip.nTurn the egg whites out of the baking dish onto a cutting board. Cut into even 1inch squares. Pipe swirly dollops of the egg yolk onto each square. Sprinkle each with paprika and chives if using., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 12 large eggs, 13 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 2 teaspoons yellow mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Paprika and sliced chives, for garnish, optional], title: Square Deviled Eggs, picturelink: Ri8Uqfo.6g1DHMZBhEIRWrqCqfBUzCK}, 15996: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPour melted butter into a shallow 1 12 quart baking dish. In a mixing bowl combine flour, baking powder, salt, sugar and milk. Pour evenly over the butter. In a bowl combine berries, water and sugar. Spoon evenly over batter, but do not stir. Bake 40 to 45 minutes. Batter rises to become buttery top crust., ingredients: [12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup all purpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup sugar, 34 cup milk, 2 cups fresh blueberries, 13 cup water, 12 cup sugar], title: Blueberry Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 15997: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine soy paste, soy sauce, sesame oil, peanut butter, and garlic chili sauce and set aside briefly.nFor the rice, bring 2 12 cups water to a boil in a saucepot and add rice, salt and butter. Return to a boil and reduce heat to low. Cover and let simmer 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand covered for 5 minutes.nIn a wok heat 2 or 3 cups water to boiling and blanch carrots, broccoli, and celery for 2 minutes. Drain and set aside briefly, then rinse and dry wok.nIn the same wok, heat grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat and saute onion until translucent. Add blanched carrots, broccoli, and celery, as well as snow peas, bell pepper and diced pineapple reserving the pineapple slices. Stir in mixture of soysesamepeanut butterchili sauce. Cook vegetables until tender stirring frequently.nLay slices of pineapple on serving plates. Top with rice and then top with stirfried vegetables. Sprinkle with parsley leaves., ingredients: [14 cup soy paste, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon peanut butter, 2 teaspoons Vietnamese garlic chili sauce, 2 12 cups water, 1 cup brown rice, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 pound carrots, peeled and sliced julienne, 4 heads broccoli, broken into florets, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 medium onion, medium diced, 12 pound snow peas, 1 large red bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and medium diced, 1 fresh pineapple, peeled, core removed, bottom half sliced crosswise into 14inch thick slices and the rest medium diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Vegetable StirFry, picturelink: null}, 15998: {instructions: Whisk all ingredients together in a medium bowl, season with salt and pepper to taste.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Rub each fillet with olive oil, season to taste with salt and pepper, and wrap envelope style in a banana leaf rectangle. Place seamside down on a sheet pan and roast 8 to 10 minutes. When done, the fish will look a bit undercooked on top but will be firm and opaque. Place the packets seamside up on a platter and fold back the sides of the banana leaf.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place the vegetables in a medium baking dish, toss with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast for 8 to 10 minutes until vegetables are just cooked through. Bring vegetable stock, saffron and 1 teaspoon of salt to a boil in a medium saucepan, let boil for 5 minutes, until saffron blooms and colors the stock. Add the couscous, stir, cover and reduce heat to low. Cook until all liquid is absorbed, 8 to 10 minutes. Place couscous in a large bowl, add the roasted vegetables and parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve with salmon and ancho chileginger sauce. Garnish with diced red pepper and cilantro., ingredients: [14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and julienned, 1 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 cup vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 banana leaf, cut into 4 rectangles, Diced red pepper, Chopped cilantro, 2 red peppers, cut into 1inch dice, 1 yellow squash, cut into 1inch dice, 1 zucchini, cut into 1inch dice, 14 pound haricots verts, cut on the bias into 1inch pieces, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups vegetable stock, Pinch saffron, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups couscous, 14 cup coarsely chopped flat leaf parsley], title: Roasted Salmon in Banana Leaves with Ancho ChileGinger Sauce with Saffron Roasted Vegetable Couscous, picturelink: null}, 15999: {instructions: Coat a large sauce pot with olive oil and add the pancetta. Put the pot over mediumhigh heat and cook the pancetta for 4 to 5 minutes. Add the onions, season generously with salt, to taste, and stir to coat with the olive oil. Cook the onions for 6 to 7 minutes, stirring frequently. The onions should become very soft and aromatic but have no color. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes, stirring frequently.nPass the tomatoes through the food mill. Be sure to pass all of the pulp through the holes leaving only the stems and the seeds, and be sure to scrape the pulp off of the bottom of the food mill. Thats all of the big money stuff Add the tomatoes to the sauce pot and 1 can of water about 2 to 3 cups. Season generously with salt and TASTE IT Tomatoes take a lot of salt. Season in baby steps and taste every step of the way. Cook the sauce for 2 to 3 hours, stirring occasionally and tasting frequently.nUse the sauce right away on pasta or for any other tomato sauce need. This sauce can also be cooled and stored in the refrigerator for a few days or it can be frozen., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound diced pancetta, 2 large Spanish onions, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt, 4 large garlic cloves, smashed and chopped, 4 28ounce cans Italian plum San Marzano tomatoes], title: Marinara Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16000: {instructions: Peel apples and core wide enough to make a bowllike center. Poach in white wine until tender, approximately 6 to 8 minutes. In a separate bowl, add Mascarpone cheese, berries, and sugar. Mix well. Set aside and reserve. When apple is cooked tender, set aside in refrigerator until cool. When chilled, roll McIntosh apple in a mixture of cinnamon and sugar, forming a thin crust. Pour mascarpone into center of apple bowl. Cut wonton skins diagonally and lightly deep fry until golden brown. Assembly: Place McIntosh in center of chilled plate. Stand wanton crisp on top, garnish with fresh berries and powdered sugar., ingredients: [4 McIntosh apples, White wine, to cover apples, 8 ounces mascarpone cheese, 1 pint raspberry, 1 pint blueberry, 1 pint blackberry, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 4 wonton skins, 1 cup granulated sugar, Garnish: fresh berries, powdered sugar], title: Poached Mcintosh Apples with a Triple Berry Mascarpone Filling, picturelink: null}, 16001: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large stockpot add the sausage and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the celery, garlic, onions and bell peppers and cook until starting to turn translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the rice and stir to incorporate. Add the chicken stock, Worcestershire, Cajun seasoning, salt and cracked pepper, cover and cook until the rice is tender, about 45 minutes. Add the shrimp, okra and hot sauce if using, and cook until the shrimp is just opaque, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 3 ounces smoked chicken and turkey andouille sausage, such as Trader Joes, sliced in rounds, 3 stalks celery, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium Vidalia onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 cup dry longgrain brown rice, 2 14 cups homemade chicken stock or prepared lowsodium chicken broth, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled, deveined and tails removed, One 10ounce box frozen sliced okra, thawed, Hot sauce, optional, for serving], title: Bobbys Smokey Gumbo, picturelink: eJqs4k57Dh7pWO6VckoVsyvAtHf3vfW}, 16002: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSift the flour, cinnamon, baking soda, baking powder, and salt together.nIn a separate bowl, mix the sugar, vegetable oil, eggs, and vanilla. Combine both mixtures and fold in the shredded pumpkin and pumpkin seeds. Once the ingredients are all incorporated pour into a non stick 9 by 5 by 3inch loaf pan. If your pan is not non stick coat it with butter and flour.nBake for 1 hour and 15 minutes. At this point a knife inserted into the middle of the loaf should come out clean. Cool for 15 minutes and turn out onto a cooling rack. Cool completely. For muffins temperature should also be 325 degrees F., but bake for 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups sugar, 34 cup vegetable oil, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups shredded fresh pumpkin, 1 cup toasted pumpkin seeds], title: Pumpkin Bread, picturelink: hFMMxJJshqLuQ0HIdkOu.KrigZabsOS}, 16003: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and position a rack in the middle of the oven. Line one 12cup standard muffin tin with cupcake liners.nSift the flour, baking powder and salt into a medium bowl. Stir the milk and vanilla together in a small bowl. Set aside.nAdd the butter to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or in a large bowl if using a handheld electric mixer.nMix on low speed until the butter is smooth, about 1 minute. Gradually beat in 12 cup of the sugar. Increase the speed to high and beat until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed.nReduce the mixer speed to low. Add about onethird of the flour mixture and beat until just combined. Add half the milk mixture and beat until smooth. Repeat, adding flour, then milk, and then the rest of the flour, stopping and scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Increase the mixer speed to medium and beat briefly to make a smooth batter.nPut the egg whites in a clean bowl. Whip on high speed until foamy. Gradually add the remaining 14 cup sugar and continue to beat until the egg whites are glossy and hold stiff peaks, about 10 minutes. Fold the whites into the batter in three batches. Divide the cake batter evenly between the liners.nBake until a tester inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, rotating the tin about halfway through, about 20 minutes.nCool the cupcakes on a rack in the tin for 10 minutes, and then remove from the tin. Cool on the rack completely., ingredients: [1 12 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup milk, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 sticks 4 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 2 large egg whites, at room temperature, Fondant flower, for garnish, optional], title: Ultimate White Cupcakes, picturelink: d5obY6wEsjrtZ7iEHLH4Yb4.CFOnWS}, 16004: {instructions: Rinse the fish in cold water and pat it dry inside and out with paper towels. Place it on a shallow glass or ceramic platter. Sprinkle the fish inside and out with salt, pepper, and lime juice. Whisk the olive oil and garlic together and pour over the fish, rubbing it into the skin on both sides. With a very sharp knife, make 3 incisions right down to the bone and insert a lemon slice in each one. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for several hours.nTo make the sofrito, heat the olive oil over low heat in a large heavy skillet. Add the onions and bell peppers and cook, stirring occasionally, for 6 to 8 minutes or until translucent. Add the tomatoes, olives, salt, oregano, and wine and cook for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. When the sauce is thickened, stir in the Tabasco and remove from the heat.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees and set a rack in the upper middle position. Rub a large roasting pan with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and lay the sliced potatoes in 4 overlapping lines to make a square. Season them generously. Wrap the tail of the snapper in foil and lay the fish on top of the potatoes. Drizzle the remaining tablespoon olive oil over the top. Bake until the fish is done through and flaky, about 45 minutes. Reheat the sofrito over low heat for the last 8 to 10 minutes of the cooking time.nSlide the fish onto a large oval platter and arrange the potatoes at the top and bottom of the platter. Spoon the tomato sauce along the sides and remove the foil from the tail. Sprinkle the parsley over all and serve., ingredients: [4 pounds whole red snapper, scaled and gutted, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Juice of 2 limes, 14 cup Spanish olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 14inch thick slices of lemon, 14 cup Spanish olive oil, 2 small onions, finely chopped, 2 green bell peppers, stemmed, seeded, and finely chopped, 6 canned plum tomatoes, drained and diced, 12 cup pimento stuffed green olives, rinsed, drained, and chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 12 cup dry white wine or dry sherry, 2 dashes Tabasco, 2 tablespoons Spanish olive oil, 4 large red potatoes, peeled and sliced 14inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small bunch flat leaf parsley, leaves only, chopped], title: Baked Whole Snapper Basque Style, picturelink: null}, 16005: {instructions: Cut the stems off the strawberries. Wash under cold water, then drain and pat dry with paper towel. Grate the rind of the lemon onto a small plate and set it aside. Cut the lemon in half and juice it into a medium bowl, using 1 hand to catch any falling seeds. Cut the strawberries into slices and add to the bowl along with 3 tablespoons sugar. Toss until the sugar has dissolved. Do this at least 1 hour or up to 4 hours before you serve them so that the berries get nice and juicy. Refrigerate them.nIn a large mixing bowl, beat the cream and remaining sugar with a goodsize whisk or an electric mixer until the cream starts to thicken. Add the brandy and lemon zest, and keep beating until the whipped cream holds little soft peaks. You can whip the cream up to 1 hour before you serve the shortcakes. Keep it refrigerated.nJust before serving the shortcakes, add the berries and their juice to the bowl of whipped cream. Stir them together gently until the berries are distributed throughout the cream. The whipped cream will get soft and a little runny, which is exactly what you want. Set a shortcake shell in the center of each plate and spoon the berry cream over it., ingredients: [1 pint strawberries or blueberries, 1 lemon, 6 tablespoons superfine sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons brandy, 12 sponge cake shells], title: Sponge Cake Shortcakes, picturelink: 56tf7CmTsaw5f8D.XifxmhseidAmCi}, 16006: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.nWhisk the apricots, vanilla, salt, egg whites and orange zest together in a large bowl. Toss the coconut with the egg mixture until completely coated.nMoisten your fingertips with water. Form about 1 heaping tablespoon of the batter at a time into a tight ball and place on the prepared sheets, spacing them about 1 inch apart.nBake until the edges are golden brown and the entire macaroon is nicely toasted and dry, 16 to 20 minutes. Transfer the baking sheets to a rack to cool. If desired, dip the bottoms of the cookies in the melted chocolate.nStore the macaroons in a tightly sealed container for up to a week., ingredients: [12 cup dried apricots or cherries, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Pinch fine salt, 2 large egg whites, lightly beaten, Finely grated zest of 12 orange, 3 cups finely shredded sweetened coconut about 8 ounces, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips, melted, optional], title: CoconutApricot Macaroons, picturelink: gW7hyppUnfHOFnEskUtLDSm0UFOC0jS}, 16007: {instructions: In a large saucepan set over moderate heat, heat the oil until it is hot. Add the onion, garlic, and ginger, and cook, stirring occasionally, 3 minutes. Add the carrot and cabbage and toss to combine Add the broth, reserved mushrooms and salt to taste and simmer 10 minutes. In a saucepan of boiling salted water cook the pasta until al dente, drain and transfer to stock. Add the broccoli, chicken and seasonings and simmer stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes, or until broccoli is just cooked and chicken heated through. Add sesame oil. Ladle the soup into bowls and garnish with the scallion., ingredients: [1ounce dried Shiitake mushrooms, soaked in hot water for 30 minutes, drained, trimmed and sliced, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 cup minced onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 1 cup sliced carrot, 1 12 cups sliced Napa Cabbage or Bok Choy, 6 cups chicken stock or broth, 12 package dried Asian egg noodles, 1 cup broccoli florets, 1 cup cooked sliced chicken, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, Sesame oil to taste, Minced whole scallion for garnish], title: Chicken Noodle Soup  Asian Style, picturelink: null}, 16008: {instructions: Arrange one or more types of cheese on a platter. Add a few cookies or biscotti, a small bunch of grapes and some candied nuts. Spoon a few tablespoons of honey or jam into a small bowl and add to the platter. Let the cheese come to room temperature before serving.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Weeknight Cheese Plate, picturelink: r0kh9Zc6I2fd3noLG15ey.fDhGFCPgW}, 16009: {instructions: Heat a grill to medium.nUsing a mortar and pestle, crush garlic cloves, peppercorns, coriander, lemongrass, and Thai chiles into a chuncky paste. Using a large spoon, transfer the paste to a large mixing bowl. Add the chicken and the remaining ingredients and mix well. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight.nPut the chicken on the grill, skin side down, and brush with the marinade. Grill for about 15 minutes then flip the chicken over and brush with the marinade. Grill the second side for about 15 minutes. Discard the marinade. When the chicken is cooked and tender transfer it to a serving platter and serve with warm Dipping Sauce.nPut all ingredients in a saucepan and put on the grill. Stir and bring to a boil. Move the pan to a cooler part of the grill and let the sauce simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. The sauce will reduce and become thick. Serve warm with chicken., ingredients: [10 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon coriander, 1 stalk lemongrass, trimmed and cut into small segments, 2 red or green Thai chiles, 12 fresh chicken, quartered, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons yellow curry powder, 12 can coconut milk, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup rice vinegar, 13 cup brown sugar, 2 large garlic cloves or 4 small, minced, 2 teaspoons Thai red chili sauce or Sriracha, 1 tablespoon fish sauce], title: Thai BBQ Chicken, picturelink: xFPgxRbb84VG16SzYzR6cFpo3irZ.}, 16010: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a 6quart pot halfway full of water, set over high heat and bring to a boil.nMake an X with a paring knife on the bottom of the tomatoes. Drop the tomatoes into the boiling water for 15 seconds, remove and transfer to an ice bath and allow to cool until able to handle, approximately 1 minute. Remove and pat dry. Peel, core and seed the tomatoes. When seeding the tomatoes, place the seeds and pulp into a fine mesh strainer set over a bowl in order to catch the juice. Press as much of the juice through as possible and then add enough bottled tomato juice to bring the total to 1 cup.nPlace the tomatoes and juice into a large mixing bowl. Add the cucumber, bell pepper, red onion, jalapeno, garlic clove, olive oil, lime juice, balsamic vinegar, Worcestershire, cumin, salt and pepper and stir to combine. Transfer 1 12 cups of the mixture to a blender and puree for 15 to 20 seconds on high speed. Return the pureed mixture to the bowl and stir to combine. Cover and chill for 2 hours and up to overnight. Serve with chiffonade of basil., ingredients: [1 12 pounds vineripened tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, Tomato juice, 1 cup cucumber, peeled, seeded and chopped, 12 cup chopped red bell pepper, 12 cup chopped red onion, 1 small jalapeno, seeded and minced, 1 medium garlic clove, minced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 lime, juiced, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon toasted, ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh basil leaves, chiffonade], title: Gazpacho, picturelink: raaOy2JUV.DbALW0kVPTZWJY96xSTZ.}, 16011: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPat the beef dry with paper towels and season with salt and pepper. In a heavy 6quart pot or Dutch oven, heat 2 tablespoons of oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and cook until browned on all sides, about 12 minutes. Remove the beef and set aside.nReduce the heat to medium. Add the remaining oil and the onions. Cook, stirring frequently, until tender, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute until aromatic. Add the wine and scrape up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Stir in the broth and mushrooms. Return the beef to the pot and bring the liquid to a boil. Cover the pot and transfer to the oven. Cook until the beef is forktender, about 3 hours, turning the beef over halfway through and adding more beef broth, as needed.nTransfer the beef to a cutting board. Tent with foil and let stand for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, spoon any excess fat off the top of the pan juices. Using an immersion blender, blend the pan juices and vegetables until smooth. Add the rosemary and thyme. Bring to sauce to a simmer and simmer for 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCut the beef into 1inch pieces and place on a platter. Spoon some of the sauce over the meat and serve the remaining sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 5pound boneless beef chuck roast, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, divided, 2 onions, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 cup red wine, such as cabernet sauvignon or pinot noir, 1 15ounce can lowsodium beef broth, plus extra, as needed, 12 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 1 large sprig fresh rosemary, leaves removed and chopped, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed and chopped], title: Stracotto Pot Roast with Porcini Mushrooms, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 16012: {instructions: Special equipment: A large cookie sheet, well greased, or lined with parchment paper A 2inch cookie cutter A small ice cream scoop, about 1 12 inches across A pastry bag fitted with a small plain tip 14inch or less A kitchen torchnPastry Bases: Mix the butter, flour, and salt until sandy in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. In a separate bowl, blend the yolk and creme fraiche. Add to the flour mixture and mix until barely combined. Form into a disk, wrap, and refrigerate at least 2 hours or up to 3 days.nLemon Curd: Bring 2 inches of water to a simmer in a saucepan. Whip the eggs and sugar until light and fluffy in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Add the lemon zest and juice and place the bowl over the simmering water without letting the bowl touch the water pour some out if needed. Cook until thickened, whisking occasionally, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter. Let cool to room temperature, cover, and freeze overnight or up to 3 days.nHeat the oven to 375 degrees F. Flour a work surface and roll out the dough to 18inch thick. Prick all over with a fork then cut out 2inch rounds. Transfer to the cookie sheet. Bake until light golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes and let cool. The whole recipe can be made up to this point up to 3 days in advance.nUp to 6 hours before serving, assemble the dessert. Arrange the pastry rounds in a pan that will fit in your freezer use two, if needed. Use a small ice cream scoop to place a ball or scoop of frozen lemon curd it wont be frozen solid onto each round. Place back in the freezer while you make the meringue.nMeringue: Whip the egg whites until foamy, then add the sugar and continue whipping until stiff and glossy. Transfer to your pastry bag. Pipe meringue around the base of each pastry round, spiraling around and up the lemon curd ball and gradually enclosing the top to create a beehive. Fire up your kitchen torch and brown until lightly browned all over. Return to the freezer until ready to serve, up to 4 hours., ingredients: [4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 cup flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup creme fraiche, 1 egg yolk, 3 eggs, 34 cup sugar, 1 12 lemons, zested, 12 cup fresh lemon juice from about 3 lemons, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 12 cup egg whites from about 4 eggs, 12 cup sugar], title: Lemon Meringue Beehives, picturelink: null}, 16013: {instructions: In a large bowl mix the ground chicken and the lobster together. Add the celery, mint, ginger and scallion, mix well. Stir in the soy sauce, dry sherry, salt and pepper, sugar, sesame oil and cornstarch slurry. Stir until smooth and mixture holds together. Divide the mixture into 30 portions. Lay a wonton wrapper in your hand. With a finger, moisten the edge of the wrapper. Place 1 portion of the filling in the middle of the wrapper. Form a basket by pleating the wonton around the filling, leaving the top open. Flatten the bottom of the dumpling on a flat surface. Make sure the filling remains inside the wonton. Repeat until all are formed. Place dumplings on a heat proof plate and steam them in a bamboo steamer for about 20 minutes or until the filling is cooked through. Shao Mai may be presteamed then cooled and covered. When ready to serve steam them again for about 5 minutes or until hot., ingredients: [1 pound ground chicken breast, 1 lobster tail, blanched, shelled and diced, 1 12 cups celery, diced, 2 tablespoons minced mint leaves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 scallion, diced, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, Salt and pepper, to taste, Pinch granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon cornstarch dissolved into 1 tablespoon water, 30 round wonton wrappers], title: Lobster Chicken Mint Shao Mai, picturelink: null}, 16014: {instructions: Pop the popcorn. I like to use a hotair popper but you can pop it any way you like.nTo make the caramel: Place the sugar, corn syrup, and water in a 2quart heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat and cook until light golden brown. We use a large pan so that there will be room to add the popcorn. Use a wooden spoon to stir the popcorn into the caramel until it is evenly coated. Pour the caramelized popcorn onto a parchment paper lined baking sheet and allow it to cool. When cool, use your hands to break up any clumps.nPlace the cool popcorn in a large bowl. Use a ladle to drizzle the chocolate over the popcorn, stirring with a wooden spoon as you go. Keep adding chocolate until the popcorn is evenly coated. Pour the chocolatecoated popcorn onto a parchment paper lined baking sheet and allow it to cool. When it is cool, place it in decorative bags to give as gifts.nTip: You can also use milk chocolate andor white chocolate to coat the popcorn. The process is always the same.nBe careful when you work with the caramel. It is very hot and can burn As always, when working with caramel, have a bowl of icecold water next to you in case you get caramel on your hands., ingredients: [1 cup popcorn, for popping, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons corn syrup, Scant 14 cup water, 1 pound bittersweet chocolate, tempered], title: Chocolate Caramel Popcorn, picturelink: xjqAN74VTH73uPpi2LMLK5f9lGTwGoS}, 16015: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a bowl, mix flour, nutmeg, sugar, cinnamon, and cornstarch. Add tomatoes and vinegar.nPour mixture into prepared pie crust, and dot with butter. Cover with top crust and make two to four small slits in center to vent.nBake for 20 minutes. Then reduce to 325 degrees F for 40 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons flour, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 3 cups green tomatoes, chopped, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 2 8inch prepared pie crusts top and bottom], title: Green Tomato Pie, picturelink: null}, 16016: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nDivide the pizza dough into 4 pieces. Working with one piece of dough at a time, roll and stretch on a lightly floured surface into an 8 to 9inch oval. Transfer to a prepared baking sheet and pull the end of the dough to one side into a tapered end to create a ghost shape. Repeat with the remaining dough, putting 2 ghosts on each baking sheet. Dont worry if they all look slightly different it will give the ghosts personality.nMix the oil and garlic together in a small bowl and evenly brush over the 4 ghosts sprinkle with a total of 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Bake until the crusts are golden and set, 10 to 12 minutes, rotating the pans top to bottom halfway through the baking time.nMix the ricotta, Parmesan and Italian seasoning together in a small bowl and spread over the ghosts, stopping about 12inch from the edge. Sprinkle with the mozzarella and return to the oven until the ghosts are hot and the cheese has melted, about 5 minutes more. Place 2 pieces of olive on each ghost for the eyes and1 piece on each for a mouth.nTransfer the ghosts to individual plates and serve., ingredients: [One 1pound ball prepared pizza dough, Allpurpose flour, for rolling the dough, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella about 6 ounces, 4 pitted black olives, ends trimmed and each cut into 3 rounds], title: Individual Spooky White Pizzas, picturelink: FL0O8f2kYJsGDKAor.HhNwis8XyNbHW}, 16017: {instructions: Put 1 pound new potatoes in a pot of cold salted water bring to a boil and cook until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain the potatoes. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan with 12 teaspoon chili powder, and salt and pepper to taste. Drizzle over the potatoes.nServes: 4 Calories: 165 Total Fat: 9 grams Saturated Fat: 5.5 grams Protein: 2 grams Total carbohydrates: 20 grams Sugar: 1 gram Fiber: 2.5 grams Cholesterol: 23 milligrams Sodium: 174 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Potatoes With Chili Butter, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 16018: {instructions: Combine Truviau00ae natural sweetener, water, cinnamon and ginger in a heavy pot and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 15 minutes, until Truviau00ae natural sweetener is dissolved and the syrup is deeply spiced. Set aside.nBefore serving, add the syrup, lemon juice and cider in a pot and keep warm over low heat without boiling until ready to serve. Serve with a cinnamon stick and a slice of lemon, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup Truviau00ae natural sweetener or 55 packets, 2 cups water, 4 cinnamon sticks, 2 12 inch slices peeled fresh ginger, 14 cup freshsqueezed lemon juice, 2 quarts fresh apple cider], title: Truviau00ae natural sweetener Hot Spiced Cider, picturelink: null}, 16019: {instructions: Special equipment: 8cup mini loaf pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8cup mini loaf pan with 1 tablespoon of the butter.nSift together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium mixing bowl. Whip together the remaining 14 cup butter, the ricotta, sugar, olive oil, orange zest and vanilla bean seeds in a separate large bowl with an electric mixer on low speed. Add the dry ingredients and continue to beat until light and airy, another 3 minutes. Drop the eggs into the mix session one at a time. Drop in the chocolate bits and stir with a spatula until they are evenly spread throughout the batter.nPour the batter into the mini loaf pans and bake for 40 to 50 minutes. Insert toothpicks into the pound cakes to see if it pulls out clean.nAllow the cakes to cool in the pans for about 10 minutes, and then transfer to a wire rack to cool fully., ingredients: [14 cup plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups wholemilk ricotta cheese, room temperature, 1 14 cups organic cane sugar, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon Italian extravirgin olive oil, Zest of 1 orange, 1 vanilla bean, scraped, 3 eggs, One 3.2ounce orange peel flavored chocolate bar, chopped], title: Mini Olive Oil and Ricotta Pound Cakes with Chocolate Covered Orange Peel, picturelink: null}, 16020: {instructions: Clean the skin of the monkfish and remove the central bone. Tie up the tails with the slice of bacon that you have slightly pounded. Clean all the vegetables and cut them in large chunks. In a saute pan over medium heat, sear the monkfish to give a little color to the bacon, reserve. In the same pan saute the vegetables in the residual fat from the bacon, for 6 to 8 minutes or until they start to caramelize add a little bit of sherry vinegar and reduce it by half. Place the monkfish tails on top of the vegetables and cover, let the tails cook in their own steam. Add a little bit of fresh chopped parsley on top and serve as is, ingredients: [4 tails baby monkfish, 8 slices bacon, 1 salsify, 1 celery root, 2 parsnips, Sherry vinegar to taste, 1 bunch Italian parsley chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Roasted Baby Monkfish with Bacon and Root Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 16021: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the top off the garlic head to just expose the bulb. Remove any excess papery skins.nPlace in a large sheet of aluminum foil. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Close the foil around the bulb, leaving a space between the top and the foil. Place onto a baking sheet and into the oven. Roast the garlic until soft and fragrant, about 1 hour.nRemove from the oven and cool completely. Gently squeeze the cloves into a dish. Can be prepared in advance and stored in an airtight container for up to a week.nSet a large saute pan over medium heat and add the remaining tablespoon oil. Once hot, add the onions and season lightly with salt and pepper. Brown until evenly caramelized, 5 to 7 minutes. Deglaze with the sherry vinegar, white wine and saffron. Stir to scrape up any browned bits. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, and stir in the roasted garlic. Cook for an additional 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the jam is thickened and glossy. Remove from the heat and cool. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 large head garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 large Spanish onion, julienned, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 12 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads], title: Roasted Garlic and Caramelized Onion Jam, picturelink: Sx9Rymtv6LP7GhoTbx9HV9aJyBj6jy}, 16022: {instructions: Bring 6 cups of water and 1 teaspoon salt to a boil. Lower the heat to medium and slowly add the cornmeal in a shower, whisking constantly until the mixture thickens, 3 to 5 minutes. Change to a wooden spoon and continue to simmer, stirring occasionally, until the spoon stands in the polenta, 15 to 25 minutes.nAdd the Parmigiano and 2 tablespoons of the butter and mix well. Season with salt and pepper. Immediately spread the polenta in a buttered 9by 9inch pan. Smooth the top with a rubber spatula and refrigerate. Combine the parsley and garlic and chop together until very fine.nIn a large skillet, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter with the extravirgin olive oil over high heat. Add the wild mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden and the mushrooms and liquid has evaporated, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove the mushrooms and set aside. Add the chicken stock, cream, garlic, and parsley to the pan and simmer to reduce by half, 6 to 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nScore the polenta into 3 by 4 12 inch squares. Halve each square diagonally to make 2 triangles. Remove from the pan and toss the polenta triangles carefully in flour to dust them lightly. Heat 12inch of olive oil in a tiny piece of polenta turns golden on contact, 375 degrees F. Add a few of the polenta triangles and cook, turning occasionally, until golden on both sides. Drain on paper towels.nTo serve, place 2 hot polenta triangles on each plate. Warm the mushroom ragout and spoon over the polenta. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 cups water, Salt, 1 cup coarse polenta, 12 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound mixed fresh wild mushrooms, trimmed and sliced, 3 cups chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 cups allpurpose flour for dusting the polenta, 1 cup olive oil, for frying], title: Crispy Polenta Cakes with Wild Mushrooms Ragout, picturelink: null}, 16023: {instructions: Stir all ingredients together in a 4quart slow cooker. Cover and cook on LOW setting for 2 to 3 hours. Remove cinnamon sticks and switch to WARM setting for serving.nServing Ideas: Serve in Irish coffee mugs with a cinnamon stick swizzle., ingredients: [2 cups peach nectar, 2 cups apricot nectar, 1 12ounce bag frozen peach slices, 3 cups water, 1 cup bourbon, 12 cup lemon juice, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon allspice, 2 to 3 cinnamon sticks, plus more for serving], title: Peach and Apricot Hard Cider, picturelink: 4FdijN8BZT6aqz1xagehQOCtzCpge}, 16024: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil for the lasagne noodles.nTo make the sauce: Heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a medium sauce pot, saute garlic and onion until the onions become translucent. Add crushed tomatoes, Italian seasoning and salt and pepper, and stir to combine. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low, cover and simmer about 20 minutes, checking periodically to make sure the sauce doesnt burn.nBoil the lasagne noodles until al dente, about 15 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. Toss with olive oil so the noodles dont stick together. Let cool.nThis lasagne will have 4 layers but 2 different types of cheese layers. One cheese layer will consist of mascarpone, ricotta, Parmesan and egg to bind. Combine these 4 ingredients in a bowl and set aside briefly. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLayer 4 to 5 lasagne noodles lengthwise side by side in an ovenproof lasagne dish with edges overlapping. Top with half of the mascarponericotta cheese mixture. It is easiest to drop evenly spaced spoonfuls of this over the noodles, and then spread it out. Distribute half of the fresh basil and half of the fresh oregano over the cheese, then layer another 4 or 5 lasagne noodles over the cheese in the same fashion as the first layer of noodles.nThe second layer of cheese will consist of provolone and mozzarella. Spread half of the provolone cheese slices over the second layer of noodles and sprinkle with half of the mozzarella. Repeat the process with the noodles, remaining mascarponericotta and noodles for the third layer. For the last layer, spread out the remaining noodles, top with remaining provolone, but then ladle the tomato sauce over and finish with the remaining mozzarella.nBake in the oven for 30 minutes, remove and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Garnish with fresh basil sprigs., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small white onion, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, One 16ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 12 teaspoons Italian seasoning or 12 teaspoon each of dried oregano, thyme and parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 16ounce package lasagne noodles which contains approximately 16 to 20 noodles, 4 ounces mascarpone cheese, 4 ounces ricotta cheese, 12 cup grated Parmesan about 4 ounces, 2 large eggs, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, finely chopped plus about 12 small sprigs to garnish, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves, finely chopped about 2 or 3 sprigs stripped from stems, 12 pound sliced provolone, 1 cup shredded mozzarella about 8 ounces], title: 5Cheese Lasagne, picturelink: null}, 16025: {instructions: For the filling: Heat the oil in a deep skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, and saute until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the meat, tomato paste, cumin, coriander, paprika and cloves. Stir well to mix. Season with the salt. Reduce the flame to mediumlow. Cook for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the tortillas on a grill. Wrap them in a towel to keep them warm.nTo serve, bring the tortillas, guacamole, salsa, cheese and meat filling to the table, and serve them family style., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 small yellow onion, chopped, 3 cooked burgers 3 ounces each, crumbled, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon cloves, Salt, to taste, 8 to 10 flour tortillas, Guacamole, homemade or store bought, to serve, Salsa or pico de gallo, homemade or store bought, to serve, Grated Monterey Jack or Cheddar, to serve], title: Twice as Nice Tacos, picturelink: 04a1T3hxfRl.9T8YqwlzlosbmhY6hBi}, 16026: {instructions: Combine one 11.5ounce can thawed frozen purple grape juice concentrate, 12 cup water and 1 teaspoon vanilla in a medium skillet cook over mediumhigh heat until syrupy, about 10 minutes. Stir in 1 more teaspoon vanilla let cool. Add seltzer.nFor each drink, combine 2 to 4 tablespoons flavored syrup with 1 cup cold seltzer in an icefilled glass.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: GrapeVanilla Soda, picturelink: KbKhZaeeEotoRwU4tfAZkrBJya17Lu}, 16027: {instructions: Combine mustard, balsamic vinegar, soy sauce, honey, salt and pepper in a mixing bowl. Drizzle in olive oil and vegetable oil, whisking to an emulsion. Set aside. Cut papaya and guava into thin slices. Julienne the Asian pear. Put mesclun in a large bowl. Toss with dressing. Mound on a platter. Place fruit slices on top. Sprinkle with Asian pear. And chunks of goat cheese., ingredients: [1 teaspoon mustard, 2 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon honey, Salt and pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 papaya, 1 guava, 1 Asian pear, 1 pound mesclun salad, 1 log goat cheese], title: Paradise Salad with Sweet and Sour Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 16028: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray baking sheets with nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE shortening, sugar, jam, egg, buttermilk and vanilla in bowl of electric mixer. Beat at medium speed until well blended.nCOMBINE flour, cocoa, cinnamon, baking soda, nutmeg and cloves in medium bowl. Add to creamed mixture. Beat at low speed until blended. Stir in oats, raisins and chopped nuts.nDROP 2 tablespoonfuls of dough in a mound on baking sheet about 3 inches apart. Top each with pecan half, if desired.nBAKE 15 minutes or until set. Cool for 2 minutes on baking sheets. Transfer to cooling racks to cool completely., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 12 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, or 12 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Seedless Strawberry Jam, 1 large egg, 14 cup buttermilk, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 1 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tsp. ground cinnamon, 12 tsp. baking soda, 14 tsp. ground nutmeg, 14 tsp. ground cloves, 1 12 cups quick rolled oats, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup chopped pecans optional, 24 pecan halves optional], title: Kentucky OatmealJam Cookies, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 16029: {instructions: Scrub and peel the beets. Peel and slice the onions. Put the beets and onions in a medium size saucepan and cover with water. Add the peppercorns, cloves and bay leaf and simmer over mediumheat for about 30 minutes or until the beets are semi soft. Remove from heat and cool. Add the sugar and the vinegar. Add the hardboiled eggs. Refrigerate and cool overnight.nWhisk together the Dijon, honey, vinegar, tarragon, and salt and pepper and set aside.nArrange romaine, bacon, chicken, Gorgonzola, avocado, eggs, and beets and onions on a plate and serve next to a small side dish of dressing., ingredients: [1 bunch beets, 1 small yellow onion, 5 peppercorns, 5 whole cloves, 1 bay leaf, 14 cup sugar, 34 cup vinegar, 4 eggs, hard boiled and peeled, 1 cup Dijon mustard, 1 cup honey, 1 cup seasoned rice wine vinegar, 4 teaspoon dry tarragon, Salt and pepper, 12 ounces baby romaine lettuce, cleaned, 8 pieces bacon, cooked and crumbled, 16 ounces cooked chicken, sliced, 2 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled, 1 avocado, peeled and sliced, 4 pickled eggs, sliced, Pickled beets and onions, 2 tomatoes, quartered], title: Cobb Salad with Pickled Beets, Eggs, and Spicy Sweet Mustard Dressing, picturelink: null}, 16030: {instructions: 1 Day Ahead: Assemble bread and custard Make blueberry syrup Toast pecans Make syrup Make melon ballsnOn The Day: Bake French Toasts Bake Bacon Twists Combine melon with syrup. Make coffee, ingredients: [], title: Game Plan: Make Ahead Brunch, picturelink: null}, 16031: {instructions: Preheat 10inch Dutch oven on open fire. Meanwhile, soak chips in 12 cup of milk. This will be your bottom crust. Soak biscuits with remaining ingredients, add extra milk if needed for a wet consistency. Salt and pepper, to your taste. Remove oven from the fire, put chips in first then add the biscuit mixture. Return Dutch oven to the fire. Be careful when putting coals on top and bottom. Cook for 20 to 30 minutes or until slightly firm. Serve with cactus sauce.nPuree all ingredients together and refrigerate., ingredients: [2 cups broken blue tortilla chips, 1 12 cups milk, 5 cups day old biscuits, 18 eggs, 12 cup chopped red bell peppers, 2 12 cups Mexican white cheese, shredded, Cactus Sauce, recipe follows, 14 ounces diced chiles, 3 to 4 ripe avocados], title: Breakfast Casserole, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 16032: {instructions: Mix the first 6 ingredients together in a large shallow bowl. Slice the strawberries and set them aside. Heat up the skillet and put a nice amount of butter on it so it is nicely coated. Dip the bread in the milk batter and then dip it into the nuts and then dip the bread in the battter again and then put it right into the hot skillet and cook for a couple of minutes or until its golden brown then flip and repeat for all pieces, try to keep warm. Place french toast on a plate and place sliced strawberries, bananas or other seasonal fruit on top. sprinkle with powdered sugar andor chocolate chips. Serve with maple syrup, ingredients: [6 12 inch thick pieces of brioche or challah bread, 3 cups milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup maple syrup, 4 eggs, Pinch cinnamon and nutmeg, 12 cup sliced almonds, Seasonal fruit, 14 cup chocolate chips, Powdered sugar, 1 stick sweet butter], title: Double Dipped Almond French Toast W Fresh Strawberries and Bananas, picturelink: null}, 16033: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place paper liners in a 12 cup muffin tin and brush the liners with butter.nIn a large bowl, using a hand mixer, beat the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and beat well after each addition. Stir in vanilla extract.nIn a separate bowl mix together flour, salt and baking powder, then slowly stir in the milk Add the flour mixture to the egg mixture and beat for 2 minutes or until everything is incorporated. Fill the muffin cups with the batter and bake for about 18 minutes or until golden brown. Insert a toothpick into the center of a cake and when it comes out clean, theyre ready.nRemove from the oven and set aside to cool while you make the frosting.nCombine all the frosting ingredients, except the cream, in a medium bowl and beat well. Gradually add the cream, a little at a time, for desired consistency. If you need it tighter add less cream or wetter add more cream.nWhen the cupcakes have cooled completely, spread the top of each cake with the frosting and sprinkle with colored sugar. Place on a platter and serve., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, plus softened butter for liners, 23 cup granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 cup whole milk, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon pink food coloring, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 cup colored granulated sugar, for decoration], title: Birthday Barbie  Mini Birthday Cakes, picturelink: null}, 16034: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix sugar and egg yolks. In a saucepan, bring cream and ginger root to a boil. Add cream to egg yolk and sugar mixture, mix well. Put mixture in a ramekin of any size, place in a 9 by 13inch baking pan, and fill with water until it reaches 12 up the side of the ramekin. Bake at a preheated 325 degree F oven for approximately 40 to 45 minutes. Creme brulee is done when cake tester or toothpick, once inserted, comes out clean., ingredients: [16 egg yolks, 1 quart heavy cream, 6 ounces sugar, 3 ounces ginger root, sliced], title: Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 16035: {instructions: Preheat the grill.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, add the water and the sugar. Cook over low heat until the sugar is dissolved. Pour 1 cup of the syrup into a small bowl and set aside.nTo the remaining syrup, add the red pepper, jalapenos, garlic, and cilantro and simmer on medium heat for 30 minutes, or until thickened and marmaladelike.nIn the meantime, toss the prawns in a bowl with half of the olive oil, juice of 1 lime, cayenne, chili powder, salt, and pepper. Place on the hot grill and grill each side until cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes. Set aside.nPlace the watermelon on a plate and brush each side with the reserved sugar syrup and the remaining olive oil. Place on the grill and cook on both sides, about 2 minutes.nOnce the red pepper marmalade is thickened, place watermelon on the plate with prawns on top. Squeeze the remaining lime over it and spoon on the marmalade. Garnish with coconut and scallions., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 red bell peppers, cored, seeded, and chopped, 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and chopped, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 3 cilantro sprigs, chopped, 1 pound 16 to 20 count prawns, peeled and deveined, with the tail left on, 14 cup olive oil, 2 limes, halved, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 small seedless watermelon, sliced into 14inch wedges, rind on, Unsweetened coconut, toasted for garnish, 1 scallion, sliced for garnish], title: Grilled Watermelon and Prawns, picturelink: null}, 16036: {instructions: For the zabaglione: In a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, wine, sugar, and cayenne pepper. Place the bowl over a pan of gently boiling water and whisk vigorously until thick and foamy, 6 to 8 minutes. Set aside.nFor the chocolate sauce: Reduce the pan of water to a simmer. Place the chocolate chips and cream in a small bowl. Place the bowl over the pan of simmering water and stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth, about 5 minutes.nSpoon the chocolate sauce into 4 small dessert bowls. Arrange the sliced strawberries on top. Spoon the zabaglione on top of the strawberries and sprinkle with the pistachio nuts, if using., ingredients: [4 egg yolks, 34 cup sweet Marsala wine, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 13 cup heavy cream, 16 medium strawberries, hulled and sliced, 12 cup whole salted pistachio nuts, shelled, optional], title: Spicy Zabaglione with Strawberries and Chocolate, picturelink: LMwM1ab9I5Qx5ZAmh8gpK0xi7DwBWf2}, 16037: {instructions: Combine all ingredients for hummus in a large food processor or electric mixer and puree. Add a little of the reserved chick pea liquid to smooth out. Adjust seasoning as needed. Press hummus through a large sieve. Garnish and serve with bread.nCombine all ingredients and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to simmer and continue to stir to prevent scorching on the bottom. Simmer until all liquid is gone and spread is smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Garnish with sliced green onions, diced red peppers and the extra virgin olive oil. Serve in a bowl with bread., ingredients: [1 pound cooked chick peas, drained, liquid reserved, 1 tablespoon roasted garlic, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup lemon juice, or more to taste, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 3 tablespoons tahini paste, or more to taste, Salt and pepper, Brunoise red onion, Roasted pine nuts, Parsley, Extra virgin olive oil, Lemon juice, Pita Bread, 1 pound dried fava beans, soaked overnight and skins removed, 2 12 quarts water, 6 cloves of garlic, pealed, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, Sliced green onions and diced red peppers, for garnish], title: Middle Eastern Dips, picturelink: null}, 16038: {instructions: In a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, cook 1 pound bulk pork sausage, breaking up the meat with a spoon, until cooked through, about 10 minutes. Add to the Bread Stuffing 101 along with the dried apples., ingredients: [1 pound bulk pork sausage, 1 cup chopped dried apples about 3 ounces, 1 recipe Bread Stuffing 101], title: Variations on Stuffing 101: Sausage and Apple Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 16039: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil in large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, garlic, ginger and chile pepper and sweat them out a few minutes. Stir in the carrots and tamari sauce, then cover the pot and cook for 7 to 8 minutes. Add the stock and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer the soup until the carrots are tender. Puree as smooth or chunky as you like with hand blender or in a processor, in batches. Season the soup with salt and pepper, to taste. Cool completely and store in the refrigerator for a makeahead meal.nReheat, in a covered pot, over medium heat and serve in shallow bowls with a fried egg on top, cooked to your liking. Garnish each serving with chives or scallions and a drizzle of toasted sesame oil on top. Pass the toasted sesame rolls at the table, for dunking., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil or vegetable oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1inch ginger root, grated or finely chopped, 1 chile pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 pounds carrots, peeled and sliced or chopped, 14 cup tamari sauce, 1 quart chicken stockinabox, 1 cup water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Toasted sesame oil, for garnish, 4 large eggs, fried, optional, Finely chopped chives or scallions, for garnish, Toasted sesame rolls, for dunking], title: GingerSoy Carrot Soup, picturelink: 481UUG395T29Ch7MBANz0LJgOGJ7bTm}, 16040: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 9 12inch pie pannPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the crust: Put flour in the food processor, add 6 tablespoons ice water, the butter and salt. Pulse in the food processor until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Remove from the food processor and knead until light. Wrap the dough and chill in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes. Remove and roll out dough to fit the pan. Place pie weights in the bottom and bake for 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow the pie shell to cool.nFor the filling: Place the pumpkin, brown sugar, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, cloves and salt in a large mixing bowl and blend with a whisk. Add the evaporated milk, molasses and eggs stir vigorously with the whisk until smooth.nPour the filling into the pie shell. Cover the edge of the crust with aluminum foil.nBake the pie on the center rack of the oven until the top is shiny and set. The pie is set when a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, about 1 hour.nFor the whipped cream: Chill the whipping cream for 15 to 20 minutes. Combine the chilled whipping cream and sugar in a bowl them whip them together with an electric mixer until you see firm peaks, a couple of minutes.nRemove the pie from the oven and carefully remove the foil. Cool the pie on a rack. Serve the pie warm, cold or at room temperature with a dollop of whipped cream., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 8 ounces butter, Pinch salt, 1 34 cups about one 15ounce can pumpkin puree, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons lightly packed dark brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups evaporated milk, 3 tablespoons molasses, 3 large eggs, 1 12 cups whipping cream, 12 cup powdered sugar], title: Deep Dish Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: eeeqHd70iyNZQJHGjNQSJ252g29K6tW}, 16041: {instructions: Whisk together the baking mix, milk, eggs, and half of the butter until smooth. Let rest for 10 minutes.nHeat a 7inch nonstick skillet over medium heat. Brush it with a little of the remaining butter. Pour 2 tablespoons of the batter into the pan, swirling it so the batter evenly covers the bottom of the pan. The first one may not work out so just eat it. Repeat with the remaining butter and batter, stacking the finished crepes onto a plate.nPreheat the broiler. Put a crepe on your work surface and run about 2 tablespoons of the chicken and gravy down the middle. Roll the crepe up and place it, seam side down, into a baking dish. When you have eight assembled, sprinkle the cheese evenly over the top. Broil until the cheese is melted and bubbling, about 1 to 2 minutes.nSeparate the chicken legs from the thighs, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Coat the pieces with the flour, shaking off any excess and reserve the leftover flour. Put the oil into a heavy bottomed skillet and heat it over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and brown it on all sides, about 5 minutes per side. Remove the chicken to a plate and add the carrots, celery, onion, mushrooms, and corn. Sprinkle with the reserved flour, and give it a good stir. Add chicken broth and stir. Nestle the chicken pieces into the vegetables and add enough water to just cover the chicken. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, cover, and simmer for 20 minutes.nJust before the cooking time is up combine the baking mix, poultry seasoning, and milk in a small bowl. Drop the batter by tablespoons on top of the simmering chicken leaving some room between the dumplings. Cover and simmer for 20 minutes. Serve hot.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and saute until soft, about 6 minutes. Put 12 of the onion in a large bowl and the remainder in another bowl. In the large bowl add the beef, bread crumbs, grill seasoning, Worcestershire sauce and the egg. Mix to combine everything well and form the mixture into 5 oval patties. Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in the same skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the patties until they are well browned, about 4 to 5 minutes per side. Remove the steaks and pour off all but 2 tablespoons the fat. The patties will not be cooked through and will finish cooking in the gravy.nPut the pan back on the heat, add the mushrooms, and cook for 5 minutes. Add the remaining onions, sprinkle in the flour, and cook for 2 minutes. Add the beef broth and bring it to a boil. Return the patties to the pan, reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the sauce has thickened and the steaks are cooked through, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup baking mix, 34 cup milk, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons melted butter, divided use, 1 cup leftover chicken and vegetables from Chicken and Dumplings, recipe follows, Leftover gravy from Salisbury Steak with Brown Gravy, recipe follows, 14 cup grated jack cheese, 4 pounds chicken leg quarters, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup canola oil, 4 carrots, sliced, 3 celery stalks, sliced, 1 medium onion, chopped, 12 8ounce package sliced mushrooms, 1 cup frozen corn, 2 14ounce cans chicken broth, Water, 1 cup baking mix, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 13 cup milk, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 12 pounds 80 percent lean ground beef, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 large egg, 12 8ounce package sliced baby portobello mushrooms, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 14ounce cans beef broth], title: Round Two Recipe: Chicken Crepes, picturelink: null}, 16042: {instructions: Place baby spinach in a large bowl and top with mandarin oranges and slivered almonds. Toss baby spinach salad with bottled dressing., ingredients: [6 cups baby spinach leaves, 1 can mandarin oranges, drained, 2 tablespoons sliced almonds, 4 tablespoons bottled sweet Vidalia onion dressing recommended: Newmans Own or any vinaigrette dressing], title: Baby Spinach Salad, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 16043: {instructions: Place water in large lidded pot, add salt and bring to a rolling boil. Add spaghetti, fanning it into the water so that each strand makes contact. Using a wooden spoon or tongs, gently bend noodles to submerge. Cover pot and return to a rolling boil, reducing heat to mediumhigh. Stir occasionally.nPour 3 tablespoons of good quality extra virgin olive oil into the bottom of a wide serving bowl along with garlic.nIn 4 minutes, start tasting. When done, a string of spaghetti should be springy when pulled on. To the tooth, there should be some resistance but not so much that the pasta sticks in the teeth. As soon as pasta is done, drain immediately in a large colander lidded models are the best. Shake pasta to stop cooking but dont shake dry. And no rinsingnAdd pasta to serving bowl and toss to coat. Quickly divide into individual bowls and toss, ingredients: [3 quarts water, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 16 ounces dried spaghetti noodles, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 to 3 cloves of garlic, minced fine, Capers, Sun dried tomatoes, Red pepper, Olives, Walnuts, Hard cheeses like Asiago and Parmesan, Soft or veined cheeses like gorgonzola or chevre, Canned Artichokes, Smoked oysters, Black pepper], title: Pasta, picturelink: null}, 16044: {instructions: Using a serrated knife, cut 2 horizontally layers from cake, each 14inch to 12inchthick. Set aside.nPrepare syrup: Spoon off 2 tablespoons of the simple syrup, cover, and refrigerate for the glazed almonds. Set the remainder of the syrup aside. Line a strainer with a double thickness of dampened cheesecloth and place it over a small bowl keep close at hand.nBring the water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the coffee, stir, and immediately pour the mixture through the lined strainer. You should have about 34 cup of very dark coffee. Stir in the instant coffee and the simple syrup. Set the syrup aside until needed. The syrup can be made up to a week ahead and kept covered in the refrigerator.nPrepare mousse: Beat the cream until it holds mediumfirm peaks, then cover and chill it until needed. Place the eggs and yolks in the bowl of a mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat at the lowest speed for a few seconds, just to break up the eggs set aside while you prepare the chocolate and sugar syrup.nMelt the chocolate in a microwave oven or in a metal bowl over a pan of simmering water. Remove the chocolate from the heat and, if necessary, pour it into a bowl large enough to hold all the ingredients for the mousse. Cool the chocolate to 114 degrees, as measured on an instantread thermometer.nWhile the chocolate is melting and cooling, place the sugar and water in a small heavybottomed saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil, stirring occasionally and washing down the sides of the pan with a pastry brush dipped in cold water. Boil the syrup over high heat without stirring it until it reaches 257 degrees F as measured on an instantread thermometer, about 8 to 10 minutes, then immediately remove it from the heat.nWith the mixer on the lowest speed, beat the eggs for a few seconds, then very slowly add the hot sugar syrup in a thin, steady stream. To avoid splatters, try to pour the syrup down the side of the bowl, not into the spinning whisk. Inevitably, some will splatter, but dont attempt to scrape the hardened syrup into the eggs, youll get lumps. Increase the mixer speed to high and beat the eggs for about 5 minutes, or until they are pale and more than double their original volume. If the mixture is still warm, reduce the speed to medium and continue to beat until the eggs are at room temperature.nUsing a large rubber spatula, fold about 14 of the whipped cream into the chocolate. Fold in the rest of the cream and then, very delicately, fold in the whipped egg mixture.nCenter an 8 34inch22 cm dessert ring on a cardboard cake round. Place 1 layer of genoise, cut side up, in the ring. Brush enough coffee syrup over the cake to moisten it thoroughly. Using an offset spatula or a flexible rubber spatula, spread 2 to 2 12 cups of mousse over the cake and smooth the top. Position a second layer of cake on the mousse, pressing down gently and jiggling the cake to settle it in place. Brush on some coffee soaking syrup and spread on another 2 to 2 12 cups of mousse smooth the top level with the edge of the dessert ring. You may have some syrup left over, and you will have extra mousse. The syrup can be refrigerated for another use or discarded. The mousse may be refrigerated for 2 days or frozen for a month. Transfer the cake to the freezer and freeze for 2 hours to set the mousse. The cake can be made to this point and frozen for up to 1 month. If youre not going to freeze the cake for longterm storage, it should be transferred to the refrigerator to defrost after its 2 hour freeze.nRemove the dessert ring. Using a long metal offset spatula, spread ganache over the top and sides of the cake. If you need to repeat with another 1 or 2 layers of ganache, there is plenty of extra ganache. If the ganache is set enough to hold a design, you can decorate the top now. If the ganache is still very soft, return the cake to the refrigerator for a few minutes to set it enough to hold a line drawn across its surface with a knife.nDecorate the top of the cake using the blade of a long serrated knife, such as a bread knife. Hold the handle of the knife with one hand and the tip with the other. Starting at one edge of the cake and holding the knife almost perpendicular to the cake, gently slide the knife from one edge to the other. Without losing your place at the edge of the cake, shift the blade about 116inch and slide it back to the opposite edge of the cake. You will have created the first V in a herringbone pattern. Continue until you have decorated the entire top of the cake. If the knife blade becomes clogged with ganache, clean the blade before continuing the pattern. Return the cake to the refrigerator for a few minutes to set the design. If you prefer, the cake can be finished with a smooth coating of ganache or you can decorate the top with swirls, ridges, or any other pattern that pleases you.nPress toasted almonds against the sides of the cake. If the ganache has set the almonds may not stick to the sides. You may warm the sides of the cake slightly with a hair dryer the ganache will help the almonds to adhere. The cake may be served now or chilled until serving time. If the cake is very cold and firm, let it rest at room temperature for 15 to 30 minutes before serving.nMethod continued .nPrepare the almonds: Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Toss the almonds with the cocoa, then toss with the syrup to coat, and spread them out on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Toast the almonds, stirring every 3 to 4 minutes, until they are deeply and evenly browned, about 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the sheet to a rack and cool the almonds to room temperature. The almonds can be used immediately or packed into an airtight container and stored at room temperature for about 4 days. .nPrepare the ganache: Place the chocolate and cocoa in a medium bowl. Bring the cream to a boil and remove it from the heat. Pour the cream into the chocolate in three additions, using a rubber spatula to stir the mixture in concentric circles, starting each time with a small circle in the center of the bowl and working your way out into larger circles. Youll have a smooth, glossy ganache. Allow the ganache to rest uncovered and undisturbed dont stir it at room temperature until it sets, 40 to 60 minutes, depending on the rooms temperature. When the ganache is properly set, it will hold a ribbon for a second or two when stirred. It is ready to be used now or covered and refrigerated until needed. If the ganache is chilled, it must be brought back to its proper consistency by leaving it at room temperature until spreadable, or by heating it over hot water or in a microwave oven at low power. Be sure not to overbeat. .nWhile the ganache is setting up, transfer the cake from the refrigerator to the counter. Working on a cold rather than a solidly frozen cake will facilitate applying the ganache..nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and center a rack in the oven. Butter a 9inch round cake pan. Dust with flour, tapping out the excess. Pour a few inches of water into a skillet large enough to hold the bowl from your mixer. Bring the water to a gentle simmer. Melt the butter and set it aside to cool. It should be just warm when youre ready for it.nWhisk the eggs and sugar together in the mixer bowl. Place the bowl in the skillet of simmering water and, whisking without stop, heat the mixture until it is foamy, slightly pale, and reads between 130 and 140 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 4 minutes. Remove the bowl from the water. Working in the mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the mixture on high speed until it cools to room temperature and triples in volume. When you lift the whisk, the batter will fall back into the bowl and form a ribbon that remains on the surface for 10 seconds before it dissolves, about 5 to 8 minutes.nStir about 2 tablespoons of batter into the slightly cooled butter and set it aside. With a large flexible rubber spatula, gently fold the flour into the batter in 2 or 3 additions, taking care to handle the batter gently in order to maintain its bubble structure. The batter will lose volume as you fold in the flour and later the butter. This reaction is inevitable and shouldnt jeopardize the success of the finished cake, but be careful just the same. Still working with the spatula, fold in the butter mixture.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until the top is golden and springy to the touch and a toothpick inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, 28 to 33 minutes. Transfer the cake to a cooling rack for 5 minutes. Remove cake from pan, invert, and cool completely on the rack.nYield: 1 9inch cakenStir the sugar and water together in a heavybottomed saucepan, place over medium heat, and bring to the boil. As soon as the syrup comes to the boil, remove it from the heat. Cool to room temperature.nYield: about 1 12 cups, ingredients: [1 9inch Genoise, recipe follows, Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 2 cups water, 5 ounces 2 packed cups very finely groundforespresso coffee, 12 teaspoon instant espresso or instant coffee, 1 34 cups heavy cream, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 4 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 10 ounces bittersweet chocolate preferably Valrhona Manjari, coarsely chopped, 12 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 1 12 cups sliced blanched almonds, 12 teaspoon Dutchprocessed cocoa, 2 tablespoons reserved Simple Syrup, 10 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate preferably Valrhona Noir Gastronomie, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons Dutchprocessed cocoa, 1 14 cups heavy cream, 4 tablespoons 2 ounces unsalted butter, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, plus more for pan, 6 large eggs, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons cold water], title: Carioca, picturelink: null}, 16045: {instructions: In a large glass filled with ice, pour in equal parts ginger ale, hard apple cider and green apple Schnapps., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 1 part ginger ale, 1 part hard apple cider, 1 part green apple Schnapps], title: Pacific Cider, picturelink: BsaPJZL5AvWwZvjrcUubZ2q66dvVcGC}, 16046: {instructions: Trim the stem end of the persimmons, then slice each into 8 wedges. Season with salt and pepper.nLay out a piece of prosciutto. Top with a persimmon wedge, basil leaf and piece of provolone roll up. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Arrange on a platter drizzle with olive oil and vinegar and season with pepper.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [2 ripe Fuyu persimmons, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 thin slices prosciutto about 2 12 ounces, cut in half crosswise, 16 small fresh basil leaves, 1 12 ounces aged provolone, cut into 16 small pieces, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, White balsamic vinegar, for drizzling], title: Prosciutto Persimmons, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 16047: {instructions: Bring sugar and water to a boil. Add strawberries and remove from heat. Steep strawberries until syrup is cool. Puree in a blender and pass through a sieve. Fill half of glass with strawberry puree, then add ice and club soda, seltzer or gingerl ale garnish glass with mint., ingredients: [12 cup superfine sugar, 1 cup water, 1 pint strawberries, washed and hulled, Mint for garnish], title: Strawberry Soda, picturelink: null}, 16048: {instructions: To a large pot of boiling salted water, add gnocchi and cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until they float to the surface. Drain and return to pot cover to keep warm.nIn a medium saucepan, over mediumhigh heat, whisk together white sauce mix and milk. Bring to a boil stirring constantly. Reduce heat to simmer and add minced garlic and Gorgonzola crumbles. Continue to simmer, stirring occasionally for 2 to 3 minutes as sauce thickens remove from heat.nAdd shredded chicken to gnocchi. Pour sauce over warm gnocchi and chicken, and toss to combine. Serve warm and garnish with chopped fresh parsley., ingredients: [1 pound potato gnocchi, 1 1.8ounce packet white sauce mix, 2 14 cups milk, 6 roasted garlic cloves, minced or pressed, 6 ounces Gorgonzola crumbles, 1 storebought roasted chicken approximately 2 pounds, shredded, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Gnocchi and Chicken with Roasted Garlic and Gorgonzola Cream, picturelink: wLflojNFs6Em6Av58K.tno.8C6yIe8i}, 16049: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F180 degrees C. Grease an 8inch20cm round cake pan and line with parchment paper.nGrind the walnuts together with the breadcrumbs in a food processor. Put the egg whites in a large bowl for whisking. Whisk the yolks and granulated sugar in a bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water without letting the bowl touch the water until they have tripled in volume and become thick, pale and ribbony. Take the yolk mixture off the heat. Scatter the nut mixture over the yolk mixture, along with the chocolate, if using, then drizzle over the butter and espresso. Fold very gently to blend. Whisk the egg whites to stiff peaks. Stir a spoonful of whites into the batter to loosen it, and then gently fold in the remainder.nPour the batter into the prepared cake pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool on a wire rack before flipping the cake out onto a serving plate.nDecorate with a sifting of confectioners sugar and a few walnut halves. Some white blossoms look nice, too. Serve small portions of cake with whipped cream and chocolate shavings or with coffee ice cream., ingredients: [4 ounces110 g shelled walnuts, plus more for decorating, 2 to 4 tablespoons fine breadcrumbs, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, separated, 12 cup100 g granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons grated bittersweet chocolate, optional, 14 cup60 g butter, melted until soft enough to pour but not oily, 1 tablespoon espresso, Cognac, Irish cream liqueur or other liqueur, Confectioners sugar, for serving, Whipped cream and chocolate shavings, or coffee ice cream, for serving], title: Walnut Cake, picturelink: null}, 16050: {instructions: Bring 12 cup dry white wine, 12 split vanilla bean, 1 star anise pod and a pinch each of salt and pepper to a simmer cook until reduced by half, 4 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 chopped peeled pears and 3 tablespoons water simmer 8 more minutes. Add 14 teaspoon chopped thyme, increase the heat and simmer until syrupy, 1 to 4 minutes. Let cool.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [], title: Pear Compote, picturelink: lj5QmhgKtTvQWEzlBaaQe4jdSMOhwx2}, 16051: {instructions: Remove any excess fat from the roast, leaving a thin layer. In a small bowl, combine dry mustard, sugar, and Dijon mustard. Brush mixture over the fat and cut surfaces of the roast. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nSet the roast, ribside down, in a heavy, shallow roasting pan. The ribs act as a natural rack. Using a paring knife, score the fat. Season with salt and pepper. Roast for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F and continue to roast, basting every 15 minutes, until it reaches a temperature of 125 degrees F for medium rare on an instantread thermometer. Remove roast to a platter. Let rest for 15 minutes before carving.nPour off all but 2 tablespoons of fat from the roasting pan. Set pan on stove over medium heat. Simmer until juices begin to darken, 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk in flour and cook, scraping up caramelized bits, until flour is deep golden brown, about 3 minutes. Add stock and bring to a boil, stirring until thickened. It should very lightly coat the back of a spoon. Season with salt and pepper. Strain gravy and serve with potatoes, Brussels sprouts, and Horseradish Sauce.nRoasted Potatoes:n3 pounds Idaho potatoes, peeled and halvednCoarse saltn12 cup drippingsnPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace potatoes and salt in a large saucepan. Add enough water to cover. Bring to a boil and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and drain. Score potatoes all over with the tines of a fork.nCombine cooked potatoes and drippings in a roasting pan large enough to allow the potatoes to roast in a single layer. Transfer to oven and roast until crispy and golden brown, about 1 hour.nHorseradish Sauce:n1 heaping tablespoon freshly grated horseradish or 3 tablespoons bottlednCoarse salt and freshly ground peppern12 lemon, juicedn1 cup heavy cream, whipped to soft peaksnStir horseradish, salt, pepper, and lemon juice into whipped cream., ingredients: [7 to 8 pound rib roast with 3 to 4 ribs, trimmed, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups beef stock, Roasted Potatoes, recipe follows, 2 pounds cooked Brussels sprouts, for serving, Horseradish Sauce, recipe follows], title: Standing Rib Roast, picturelink: null}, 16052: {instructions: Make the Crullers: Combine the water, butter, sugar, and salt in a large saucepan and bring to a rolling boil over mediumhigh heat. Immediately remove from the heat, add all the flour at once, and stir hard with a wooden spoon until all the flour is incorporated, about 30 to 60 seconds. Return the pan to the heat and cook, stirring, to evaporate some of the moisture, about 2 minutes.nScrape the mixture into a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or use a hand mixer or mix by hand, and mix at medium speed. With the mixer running, and adding 1 egg at a time, add 3 of the eggs, stopping after each addition to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Mix until the dough is smooth and glossy and the eggs are completely incorporated. The dough should be thick, but should fall slowly and steadily from the beaters when you lift them out of the bowl. If the dough is still clinging to the beaters, add another egg and mix until completely incorporated.nLine a sheet pan with parchment paper. Using a pastry bag fitted with a star tip use a large size, like 12, pipe the dough onto the sheet pan in rows of 2 12inch rings. Freeze them for 30 minutes to make them easier to pick up.nMeanwhile, make the Glaze: Stir together the powdered sugar and milk in a small bowl.nPour the vegetable oil into a large pot to a depth of 2 inches and heat to 325 degrees F. Working in batches, lift the dough circles off the sheet pan and carefully slip them into the oil. Fry, turning once, until lightly browned. Drain the crullers on a brown paper bag then dip them completely in the glaze. Let the crullers cool and set before serving., ingredients: [1 cup water, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 stick, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup milk], title: Crullers, picturelink: 8lbtIx1zkM3NKFSGXe8qXbeCT38554S}, 16053: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add onions and saute until tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Dont allow the onions to brown at all. Carefully add the vermouth and stir with a wooden spoon. Simmer until the vermouth is reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Strain clams and reserve juice. Add clam juice and reduce a little, and then add cream and reduce by half. Add salt, pepper, and sugar to taste. Add potato soup and bring to a simmer. Add clams and cook just until clams are warm. Taste for seasoning, and add truffle oil, if using. Serve in sourdough bowl. Top with chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 12 onion, minced, 3 tablespoons dry vermouth, 1 can or jar clams in juice, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and white pepper, Sugar, 1 can cream of potato soup, 12 teaspoon truffle oil, optional, Sourdough bread bowls, optional, for serving, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 16054: {instructions: Make shell: Preheat oven to 350 degrees and lightly coat an 11inch tart pan with a removable fluted rim with vegetableoil cooking spray.nIn a food processor grind graham crackers with sugar to fine crumbs. Working quickly, line tart pan with 1 phyllo sheet, allowing edges to overhang evenly, and with a pastry brush dot phyllo on bottom of tart pan with butter in 4 or 5 places. Sprinkle phyllo in bottom of tart pan evenly with one third crumb mixture and top with another phyllo sheet, arranging it at right angles to first phyllo sheet so overhang is even all around. Dot phyllo with butter and sprinkle with one third crumb mixture in same manner. Repeat layering procedure with remaining 2 phyllo sheets, remaining one third crumb mixture, and butter in same manner, ending with phyllo. Trim phyllo overhang with scissors to one inch beyond rim of tart pan and roll toward center, forming a shallow edge just inside tart pan. Brush shell with remaining butter and bake in middle of oven 12 minutes, or until golden and crisp. Cool shell in tart pan on rack. Shell may be made 1 day ahead and kept, covered loosely, in tart pan in a cool dry place.nMake filling: In a heavy 12inch skillet simmer pineapple, sugars, vanilla seeds, and reserved vanilla pod over moderate heat, carefully turning pineapple occasionally try to keep slices whole, until most liquid is evaporated and pineapple is slightly translucent reducing heat as liquid is evaporated, about 25 minutes. Cool mixture slightly and discard vanilla pod.nArrange pineapple in overlapping concentric circles in shell and top with any remaining syrup in skillet. Tart may be made one day ahead and kept, covered loosely, at room temperature.nEach serving about 180 calories and 4 grams of fat 19 percent of calories from fat., ingredients: [Vegetableoil cooking spray, Three 2 12inchsquare graham crackers, 1 12 tablespoons granulated sugar, Four 17 by 12inch phyllo sheets, thawed if frozen, stacked between 2 sheets wax paper and covered with a kitchen towel, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 large ripe pineapple about 4 12 pounds, peeled, halved lengthwise, cored, and cut crosswise into 14inchthick slices, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, Seeds scraped from 12 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise, and pod reserved], title: Pineapple Tart, picturelink: null}, 16055: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a bowl whisk together eggs and granulated sugar until combined well and stir in lemon juice and flour. Pour lemon mixture over hot shortbread. Reduce oven temperature to 300 degrees F. And bake in middle of oven until set, about 30 minutes. Cool completely in pan and cut into 24 bars. Bar cookies keep, covered and chilled, 3 days. Sift confectioners sugar over bars before serving.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees.nCut butter into 12inch pieces. In a food processor process all ingredients until mixture begins to form small lumps. Sprinkle mixture into a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking pan and with a metal spatula press evenly onto bottom. Bake shortbread in middle of oven until golden, about 20 minutes. While shortbread is baking, prepare topping., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup fresh lemon juice, 13 cup allpurpose flour, Hot shortbread base, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 12 sticks 34 cup unsalted butter, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Lemon Bars, picturelink: null}, 16056: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: wooden skewersnCut the fruit into bite sized chunks. Thread a piece of each fruit onto a skewer along with a mint leaf. Set aside.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, add the maple syrup. Whisk in the cocoa powder until the mixture is smooth. Stir in the orange extract and cook until hot. Dont let it come to a boil. Spoon into a serving dish and serve immediately as a dipping sauce with the fruit skewers., ingredients: [2 peaches, 2 nectarines, 2 plums, Fresh mint leaves, 1 cup maple syrup, 1 cup cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon orange extract], title: Fruit Skewers with Chocolate Dipping Sauce, picturelink: QEqXP.ey2G6WLqg7pORqhGkgHJiIhGu}, 16057: {instructions: Special equipment: a grill pannFor the burger: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the bacon on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until golden brown but not completely crisp, 15 to 20 minutes. Keep warm for the burgers.nFor the beer cheese sauce: Meanwhile, melt the butter in a heavybottom saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until soft, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, until the roux starts to brown, about 2 minutes. Whisk in the beer until smooth.nReduce the heat and cook until the beer begins to reduce and the alcohol is cooked out, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the cream and garlic and continue to cook, stirring continuously, until the sauce thickens, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and season with 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper gradually whisk in the cheeses until melted completely. Keep warm. Note: This recipe makes about 4 cups of cheese sauce, more than needed for the burgers. Refrigerate the extra for up to 3 days.nTo make the burgers, cut the butter into four 12inch thick pieces and set aside, taking care to keep them cold. In a medium bowl, gently fold the ground beef with 1 to 2 teaspoons salt and some pepper to season, and divide into four equal portions. Form each portion of meat into a ball and press your thumb into the center. Place a cold slice of butter into each indent and cover over with some meat, pressing each ball into a patty so the butter is in the center. Hold the patties on a plate for cooking.nHeat a grill pan over medium high heat, and brush with oil. When the pan is hot, add the patties, spacing them evenly. Cook on one side until browned, about 5 minutes, and then flip the patties and cook to desired doneness, adding the cheese slices in the last 2 minutes.nButter both sides of the pretzel buns and place on the grill pan, cutside down. Grill until golden brown and toasted. Place the buns onto plates, and place the patties onto the toasted buns. Top each burger with 2 bacon slices and 14 cup beer cheese sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus additional for toasting buns, 2 pounds ground chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 thick slices Cheddar or American cheese, 4 pretzel buns, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups light beer, such as lager, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 clove garlic, grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces grated sharp Cheddar, 6 ounces grated Swiss cheese], title: Butter Burger with Beer Cheese Sauce and Bacon, picturelink: V.l.7JDpdKsGbjiy7dqgAJykuIbJSG2}, 16058: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a soup pot with 8 cups water and set on mediumhigh heat.nIn a pan, fry the chopped bacon. When it is done, take out and put into the water in the soup pot.nIn the drippings of the bacon, fry the pork loin and then the onions. When brown, put them into the soup pot and bring to a boil. Add the crushed tomatoes, mushrooms, celery root, celery, carrots and some salt and cook for 15 minutes.nNext, add the potatoes, sausage, leeks, allspice, bay leaves and Hungarian paprika and cook for another 15 minutes.nAdd the pickles, garlic and seasoning if using, and let boil for 10 minutes. Add the dill and heavy cream and season with salt and pepper. Guten Appetit, ingredients: [4 strips bacon, chopped, 1 cup finely chopped pork loin, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 12 cups crushed tomatoes, 12 cup finely chopped mushrooms, 2 tablespoons shredded celery root, 4 stalks celery, chopped, 2 medium carrots, peeled and chopped, Salt and black pepper, 3 cups cubed potatoes, 12 cup chopped Polish sausage, 2 tablespoons finely chopped leek, 1 teaspoon allspice, 1 teaspoon bay leaves, 1 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, 1 cup diced pickles, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon Eastern European seasoning, such as Vegeta, optional, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Hangover Soup, picturelink: FayRzIUtNOzo2vraL6IZu7KHJ.MVY0C}, 16059: {instructions: Coat a large wide pot with olive oil and add the bacon. Render the bacon over medium heat. Add the red onions, season with salt, and sweat for 4 to 5 minutes. Add the carrots and stir to combine. Add the cabbage, cider vinegar, mustard seeds, thyme and bay leaves. Season with salt and taste. This will taste very vinegary but the salt will help offset the sharpness of the vinegar.nReduce to a simmer, cover and cook for 15 to 20 minutes or until the cabbage is very soft. Remove the lid, add the apple cider and simmer for an additional 10 minutes or until most of the vinegar has absorbed but the cabbage is still moist but not soupy. Serve right away or let it hang out in the refrigerator. It will probably be better in a couple of days. Garnish with chives., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 6 slices thick cut bacon, cut into lardons, 2 red onions, julienned, Salt, 3 carrots, peeled and grated, 1 medium head savoy cabbage, thick ribs removed and shredded, 1 12 cups apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons, mustard seeds, 1 thyme bundle, tied with string, 4 bay leaves, 14 cup to 12 cup apple cider, 1 small bunch chives, cut into 2inch pieces], title: Warm Savoy Cabbage Slaw, picturelink: LZntmATr.GWFbDMFsQLYoBCUGh5ieK}, 16060: {instructions: Wrap 1 slice of bacon around the edge of each steak, and secure with a wooden pick.nIn a medium skillet, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Cook steaks for 4 to 6 minutes per side, or until steaks reach desired degree of doneness.nIn a small bowl, combine brown sugar, butter, and chipotle mustard. Spread on steaks, and cook briefly to melt sauce. Serve immediately.nNote: Remove wooden picks from steaks before serving., ingredients: [2 slices bacon, 2 6 ounce eyeofround steaks, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons firmly packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, 2 tablespoons chipotle mustard Recommended: Silver Spring], title: Bacon Steak with Caramelized Butter, picturelink: null}, 16061: {instructions: For the cherry filling: In a heavybottomed skillet cook fresh or frozen cherries and lemon juice over mediumhigh heat, stirring, until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Add the sugar, cornstarch, and cinnamon. Bring the mixture to a simmer, stirring, until thickened, about 3 minutes. Remove the mixture from the heat, stir the almond extract into the cherries and cool. For the pies: Roll out the dough on a wellfloured surface. Using the ring from the lid of the jar, cut out 4 circles of dough, that will be the tops of your pies. With the remaining dough, use a 6inch inverted pie plate to cut 4 circles that will line the inside of each 12 pint glass ovensafe jar. Working with the dough as little as possible, make sure that the dough covers the surface area inside the jar with the exception of a 12inch at the top. Once each jar is lined with pie dough, fill each with 12 a cup of cherry pie filling. Place a small pat of butter on top of each pie, and top with the pie dough circles or make a lattice pattern. Make sure you vent the top of the crust by creating a slit so that the steam can escape. Using your finger or a fork, press the 2 pieces of dough together around the perimeter. Brush each pie crust with melted butter and sprinkle with sugar. Seal each jar with its metal lid and place in the freezer for up to 3 weeks. Baking instructions: If baking pies fresh, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bake 40 to 45 minutes or until the crust is golden brown and filling is bubbly. If baking pies that have been frozen, bring them to room temperature before placing in the oven., ingredients: [5 cups fresh or frozen pitted cherries, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon almond extract, Pie crust recipe making 1 9inch pie crust or use a storebought variety, 4 tablespoons cold butter, cubed, Melted butter, for topping, Sugar, for topping, Special equipment: 4 12pint ovensafe glass jars], title: Cherry PieinaJar, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 16062: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBegin by making the sauce: Warm the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, until it shimmers. Add the ginger, garlic and serrano pepper. Saute until the ginger and garlic brown a little. Add the garam masala and paprika and saute for 30 seconds. Stir in the tomato sauce and water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, until thickened, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile for the turkey, in large skillet, warm 2 tablespoons of oil. When shimmering, add the pistachios and raisins. Cook until the raisins swell up and the pistachios toast slightly. Remove from the pan and set aside.nReturn the pan to medium heat, add 1 to 2 more tablespoons of oil, and warm until shimmering. Add the cumin seeds and allow them to sizzle for about 10 seconds, or until some of the sizzling subsides. Stir in the onions and bell pepper saute until softened and starting to brown. Add the serrano pepper. Saute for another couple of minutes, seasoning with a little salt. Stir in the turkey, breaking up the big lumps. Cook until opaque, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, your sauce should be ready. Pour the sauce into the skillet with the turkey. Stir and bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer until the mixture has thickened slightly, about 10 minutes.nOnce the turkey is cooked and the sauce has thickened a little, remove the serrano pepper unless you want to eat it whole, like my Dad does. Add the honey, halfandhalf, pistachios and raisins. Stir through and taste for seasoning. Before serving, garnish with fresh cilantro.nToast the buns, fill with the turkey mixture and serve. Eat with your hands and enjoy, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 serrano chile, seeded and finely minced save the other half for the turkey, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 12 teaspoon paprika, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce, 1 cup water, 3 to 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, Small handful shelled pistachios, about 14 cup, Small handful raisins, about 14 cup, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 large white onion, finely diced, 1 red bell pepper, seeds and membrane removed, finely diced, 12 serrano chile, seeds intact dont chop it up unless you like things spicy, Kosher salt, 1 pound ground turkey, 12 teaspoon honey, 14 cup halfandhalf, Small handful chopped fresh cilantro soft stems included, 4 to 6 hamburger buns], title: Sloppy Bombay Joes, picturelink: DQb0rJS8N9sHuSfjgD4QyFcB5zYkZwq}, 16063: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the baguette pieces on a baking sheet. Brush with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake 8 to 10 minutes, until crisp and light golden brown. Set aside.nPut the sweet potato in a medium saucepan with cold water to cover, salt the water generously, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until the potato is just fork tender, about 6 minutes drain and cool. Peel the potato and dice it into 14inch cubes.nHeat a medium skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the duck legs skin side down and cook until the fat has rendered and the duck is warm, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the duck to a plate. If the skillet seems dry, add a bit of olive oil. Add the smashed garlic cloves and rosemary and cook until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Discard the rosemary and garlic. Add the onion and cook until tender, about 4 minutes. Add the celery and red pepper and cook until tender, about 3 minutes. Season with the 1 12 teaspoons salt and some pepper. Add the minced garlic and cook about 2 minutes more.nWhile the vegetables cook, remove the skin from the duck legs and discard. Shred the duck meat into long strips. Add the sweet potatoes, shredded duck and chicken broth to the skillet and warm over medium heat, adding more stock if mixture seems dry. Stir in the hoisin and hot sauce, and season, to taste. Remove from heat and stir in the chopped parsley and sherry vinegar. To serve, top each baguette slice with 1 heaping tablespoon of the duck hash.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 baguette, sliced on an angle about 13 inch thick 30 pieces, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more as needed, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 medium sweet potato, about 8 ounces, 2 legs duck confit, about 1 pound total, room temperature, 3 cloves garlic, 2 peeled and smashed, 1 minced, 1 sprig rosemary, 12 small onion, finely diced, 1 rib celery, finely diced, 12 red bell pepper, finely diced, 14 cup chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, plus more as needed, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, Hot sauce, optional, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves chopped, Splash of sherry vinegar], title: Duck Hash on Toasted Baguette, picturelink: null}, 16064: {instructions: Place the potatoes and butterbeans in a pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil and season the water with salt and pepper reduce the heat to simmer. Cook until just tender, about 30 minutes. Drain well and set aside.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until soft and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the corn and squash and cook, stirring, until crisptender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the reserved butterbeans and potatoes. Cook, stirring, until heated through. Add the tomatoes, stirring to combine. Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound small Yukon gold potatoes, cut into bitesize pieces, 8 ounces shelled butterbeans, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil or bacon grease for an oldschool taste, 1 sweet onion, chopped, 2 cups fresh corn kernels from 3 ears, 2 small yellow squash, trimmed and quartered, 1 large tomato, cored, seeded and chopped], title: Summer Succotash, picturelink: fcPeNFeaFyqQnJvxZZXcsGuMX9PF4O}, 16065: {instructions: Mash the goat cheese, pepitas and 2 to 3 teaspoons hot sauce in a bowl with a fork until combined. Spread the mixture evenly on 4 slices of bread, then top with the ham and avocado.nToss the arugula with the olive oil, a few dashes of hot sauce, and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl. Add the arugula to the sandwiches and cover with the remaining bread. Serve with potato salad.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [6 ounces goat cheese, 3 tablespoons pepitas hulled green pumpkin seeds or chopped almonds, Chipotle hot sauce, 8 slices wholegrain sandwich bread, toasted, 12 pound thinly sliced Black Forest ham, 1 avocado, pitted, peeled and sliced, 2 cups baby arugula or mixed baby greens, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Potato salad, for serving optional], title: Ham and Goat Cheese Sandwiches, picturelink: bPYw7ebv6aAWIPogPayY.OV5deRstqW}, 16066: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a cupcake or muffin pan with 24 regularsize cupcake liners.nCombine the chocolate chips and hot coffee together, stirring occasionally until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth. In a large bowl sift together the sugar, flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt. In another bowl, beat the eggs with an electric mixer until thickened slightly. Slowly add the buttermilk, oil and vanilla. Add the melted chocolate mixture to the eggs, and combine completely. Add the sugar mixture and beat on medium speed until well combined.nFill the prepared cupcake liners threequarters full with the cupcake batter. Place in the oven and bake until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 18 to 21 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nWhile the cupcakes are baking, prepare the Chocolate Ganache and the Peppermint Marshmallow Buttercream Frosting. Put the frosting into a pastry bag fitted with a star tip.nTo assemble: Using an apple corer, remove the center of each cupcake. Fill each cupcake with a spoonful of the Chocolate Ganache. Using the frostingfilled pastry bag, frost the cupcakes. Sprinkle with crushed peppermint candies.nBring the heavy cream and butter to a simmer in a small saucepan. Turn off the heat and add in the chocolate. Stir the mixture until smooth. Set aside to cool.nWhip together the butter and marshmallow cream, using an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Add the peppermint extract. Slowly add 2 cups of the powdered sugar and continue to mix on a slow speed. Add the milk and additional powdered sugar, up to 2 cups, until desired consistency is reached., ingredients: [2 ounces mini semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup hotbrewed coffee, 2 cups sugar, 1 23 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 13 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows, Peppermint Marshmallow Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows, 14 cup crushed peppermint candies, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 tablespoon unsalted butter, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, 12 cup butter, softened, 7 ounces marshmallow creme, 1 teaspoon peppermint extract, 4 cups powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons milk], title: Peppermint Hot Chocolate Cupcake, picturelink: ifZZ6.99FrNVHoY8pATZalSmZsEr.}, 16067: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly brush the tortillas, front and back, with olive oil. Season generously with adobo seasoning.nCut each tortilla round into 8 triangular wedges with kitchen scissors or a very sharp knife. Spray 2 or 3 baking sheets lightly with vegetable oil cooking spray. Evenly spread the tortilla chips in a single layer pm a large baking sheet. Bake, turning halfway through the cooking time, until crisp and golden brown, about 15 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 8inch wholewheat tortillas, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons adobo or Creole seasoning recommended: Brunos Dry Adobo Seasoning, Vegetable oil cooking spray], title: WholeWheat Tortilla Chips, picturelink: null}, 16068: {instructions: Steam the beans separately until tender as they each have different cooking times. Toss with the melted butter and add salt to taste., ingredients: [13 pound frozen peas fresh if in season, 13 pound haricots verts, 13 pound snow peas, 14 cup melted butter, Salt], title: Medley of Beans, picturelink: null}, 16069: {instructions: Boil the potatoes for about 20 minutes, or until tender, and allow them to cool. In a large bowl, combine the remaining ingredients. Mix and chill before serving., ingredients: [2 dozen small new potatoes, peeled and halved, 4 hardboiled eggs, chopped, 1 to 2 celery stalks, finely diced, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 tablespoons chopped pimento, 3 tablespoons sweet relish, 4 to 5 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon sugar], title: Mamas Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 16070: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine everything except chicken and skewers in a large nonreactive bowl and whisk to combine. Add chicken strips and toss to coat. Cover and marinate at least 4 hours.nWhen ready to cook, heat oven to 425 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle. Remove chicken from marinade reserving marinade and thread 1 piece of chicken on each skewer.nHeat the reserved marinade in a small saucepan until boiling and boil for 3 minutes. Cool a bit before using.nArrange skewers on a foillined baking sheet in a single layer. Bake for 10 minutes, flip skewers and baste with remaining marinade you dont need to use it all. Bake about 5 more minutes, until golden brown on both sides and cooked through., ingredients: [1 cup orange marmalade, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds boneless skinless chicken breast or thigh meat, cut lengthwise into 1inch wide strips, 36 to 40 6inch wooden skewers], title: Thyme Marmalade Chicken Skewers, picturelink: VXAigTBjZ1GJJliczGQLaOtMvaJs2}, 16071: {instructions: Melt the butter in a saute pan over medium heat. Whisk the flour into the butter until the flour has dissolved, making a roux. Let cook 2 to 3 minutes, and then reduce the heat to mediumlow.nIn a liquid measuring cup, combine the cider and broth together. Slowly pour in over the roux and whisk constantly until all liquid has been incorporated into the mixture. Stir in the mustard. If there are any pan drippings from the roasted turkey you can add them at this point. Add fresh thyme and let simmer until the gravy is thickened, 4 to 5 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup cider, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon brown mustard, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves], title: Cider Gravy, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 16072: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nCut bell peppers in half lengthwise discard seeds and membranes. Place pepper halves, skin sides up, on a foillined baking sheet flatten with hand. Broil 15 minutes or until blackened. Place in a ziptop plastic bag and seal. Let stand 15 minutes. Peel peppers. Place bell peppers, sour cream, and next 6 ingredients sour cream through garlic in a food processor process until smooth, scraping sides of bowl occasionally. Place bell pepper mixture in a small bowl. Cover and chill. Bring 6 cups of water to a boil in a Dutch oven. Add shrimp cook 3 minutes or until done. Drain and rinse with cold water peel. Cover and chill shrimp. Serve shrimp with sauce., ingredients: [4 large red bell peppers about 2 pounds, 3 tablespoons lowfat sour cream, 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 pounds large shrimp], title: Shrimp with Roasted PepperHorseradish Dip, picturelink: null}, 16073: {instructions: Make the filling: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and drizzle a baking dish with olive oil. Arrange the onion wedges in the dish and set the turkey breast on top. Add the thyme sprigs, season the turkey generously with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Roast until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the turkey registers 165 degrees F, about 45 minutes. Let cool, then shred, discarding the skin. You should have about 4 cups meat.nMelt the butter in a large castiron skillet over medium heat. Add the diced onion, chopped carrots, celery and thyme, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are tender, about 7 minutes. Stir in the mustard, then sprinkle the flour over the vegetables. Cook, stirring, until the flour is toasted, about 2 minutes. Whisk in the broth, milk and shredded turkey and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and season with salt and pepper.nMake the topping: Whisk the flour, cornmeal, chives, baking powder, sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, the baking soda and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl. Using a pastry blender or your fingers, cut the butter into the flour mixture until it resembles coarse crumbs. Add 34 cup buttermilk and stir until the dough comes together. Stir in up to 14 cup more buttermilk, a little at a time, if the dough feels dry.nStir the peas into the turkey filling. Using a spoon, drop about 14 mounds of batter on top. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the topping is puffed and golden, about 25 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 2 large onions 1 cut into wedges, 1 diced, 1 2 12pound skinon boneless turkey breast half, 3 thyme sprigs, plus 2 teaspoons chopped thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups lowsodium turkey or chicken broth, 12 cup whole milk, 1 cup frozen peas, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornmeal, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons sugar, Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, Freshly ground pepper, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cubed, 34 to 1 cup buttermilk], title: Turkey Biscuit Pie, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 16074: {instructions: Place the flour in a shallow pan and season with salt and white pepper. Lightly dust the veal in the seasoned flour. Saute the veal in clarified butter quickly, until just rare. Remove from the pan and set aside. Add the shallots, mushrooms, and capers. Cook until the mushrooms are tender, about 6 minutes. Deglaze the pan with wine. Add the lemon juice and veal stock and simmer until the sauce reduces by half. Season with salt and pepper. Pour over veal. Garnish with melon and parsley., ingredients: [4 2 ounce veal scaloppine, 1 cup flour, Salt, White pepper, 1 ounce clarified butter, 1 teaspoon minced shallots, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, 12 teaspoon drained capers, 1 ounce white wine, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 4 ounces veal broth, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 crescents peeled honeydew, 4 crescents peeled cantaloupe, Chopped parsley], title: Vincenzos Veal Scaloppine, picturelink: null}, 16075: {instructions: Begin by slapping the fresh tarragon to bring out the aromatics. Drop the tarragon into a cocktail shaker, reserving a few leaves for the garnish. Add the lime juice, vodka, and honey syrup to the shaker. Add 2 ice cubes to the shaker, and short shake to make the liquid cold without diluting it. Strain the mixture into a high ball glass filled with 4 more ice cubes. Top the glass with the soda water, and use the reserved tarragon for the garnish., ingredients: [1 small bunch fresh tarragon leaves, 1 ounce fresh lime juice, 2 ounces vodka, 34 ounces honey syrup, 6 ice cubes, Soda water or seltzer], title: Siberian Sling, picturelink: null}, 16076: {instructions: In a large skillet heat 3 tablespoons clarified butter over moderate heat and saute the shallots until golden. Add the sliced mushrooms and cook, stirring frequently, until mushrooms release their liquid and the liquid has evaporated. Season the mushrooms with the nutmeg, salt and pepper. Remove the skillet from the heat and set aside.nPeel a potato and coarsely grate into a bowl of cold water. Repeat procedure for the remaining potatoes. Heat 3 tablespoons clarified butter in a 6 to 8inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Drain 12 of the grated potatoes on paper towels and pat dry. Season with salt and pepper and toss to combine. In the heated skillet carefully spread out half of the seasoned potatoes. Top with half of the cooked mushrooms and then spread the other half of the seasoned potatoes on top. Using a spatula gently press down the potatoes and drizzle with 1 to 2 tablespoons of clarified butter. Cook until golden brown about 15 minutes.nWhen potato cake is golden brown gently slide it on to a flat pot lid or plate. Invert skillet over potato cake and flip, uncooked side down, into skillet. Drizzle 3 tablespoons butter around edges of the potato cake and continue to cook until golden brown. Transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in 300 degree F. oven. Repeat process with remaining potatoes and mushrooms. Cut potato and mushroom cakes into wedges and serve hot., ingredients: [34 cup clarified unsalted butter, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 1 pound mixed wild mushrooms, including morels, shiitakes, chanterelles, oyster, andor white cultivated mushrooms, sliced, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large Idaho potatoes], title: Wild Mushroom and Potato Rosti, picturelink: null}, 16077: {instructions: Heat electric griddle to 375 degrees F or a skillet or frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Melt butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Whisk flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl. Add buttermilk, egg, and 2 tablespoons butter whisk to combine. Batter should have small to medium sized lumps.nHeat oven to 175 degrees F. Test griddle by sprinkling a few drops of water on it. If water bounces and spatters, it is hot enough. Using a pastry brush, coat griddle with butter and wipe off excess. Dip mold into pan of melted butter, and set it on griddle.nUsing a 2ounce ladle about 14 cup, pour pancake batter into the mold, filling it to just below the edge. When pancakes have bubbles on top and are slightly dry around the edges, or after about 2 12 minutes, remove mold, and flip pancake. Cook until golden on bottom, about 1 minute more.nRepeat with remaining batter, dipping mold in melted butter each time. Keep finished pancakes warm on a heatproof plate in oven until ready to serve., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 13 cups buttermilk, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Maple syrup, for serving], title: HeartShaped Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 16078: {instructions: Mix salt, brown sugar, vegetable stock, apple cider vinegar, pickling spice, onion, carrot, peppercorns and bay leaves in a stockpot and bring to a boil until sugar and salt is well dissolved. Remove from heat and cool. In large pot or ice chest, add stockpot mixture to ice and cold water. Submerge turkey. Brine for 4 to 6 hours.nRemove turkey from brine and dry well. Combine Worcestershire sauce and kitchen bouquet browning sauce together and brush on skin of turkey. Rub salt, pepper and paprika onto turkey skin. Stuff inside of turkey with orange quarters and tie legs together.nSmoke turkey in smoker set to 250 degrees for about 7 hours. Checking internal temperature to be 170 degrees. Remove and let rest for 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup salt, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 gallons vegetable stock, 2 cups apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons pickling spice, 1 onion, quartered, 1 carrot, chopped into 2inch pieces, 1 tablespoon whole peppercorns, 4 bay leaves, 1 10 pound bag of ice, 2 gallons cold water, 16 to 18 pound turkey, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 4 tablespoon kitchen bouquet browning sauce, 2 tablespoons salt, Ground black pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons paprika, 6 large oranges, quartered], title: Brined Smoked Turkey, picturelink: null}, 16079: {instructions: Dig a pit in the sand 2 feet deep and 6 feet in diameter. Add the river rocks and cover with enough of the wood to get the fire underway to heat the rocks. You will add the additional wood as needed. Start the fire to heat the rocks to 800 degrees F. Add the metal panels on top of the fire to contain heat without smothering the fire.nUsing assistance place the gutted pig in the supine position on the stretcherlike platform and wrap the affixed chicken wire around to mostly secure the pig, but leaving enough room to be able to put the heated lava rocks inside the body cavity.nPlace some banana stumps in the body cavity of the pig to serve as a buffer between the hot coals and the pig meat to prevent the flesh from burning.nProtecting your face, hands, and body with proper gear and using safe equipment, remove enough of the metal panels from the fire to retrieve the heated rocks with fire safe tongs. Someone will use heavy fire mitts to hold the rocks in a pair of tongs, while the other person uses the ti leaves brush to dust off the ash. The rocks with the ash removed are then placed onebyone in the cavity of the pig so it will cook from the inside out with dry heat. Place some additional banana stumps in the body cavity of the pig to serve as a buffer between the hot coals and the pig meat to prevent the flesh from burning. The carcass of the pig is then closed with chicken wire and additional metal wire as needed to secure the chicken wire. Remove the attachments that have been holding the chicken wire to the stretcher. Transfer the pig to sit atop the metal panels of the imu, and use the additional ti leaves like aluminum foil, placing them dull side up, shiny side down in a cross configuration to steam the exterior of the pig with the moisture from the ti leaves.nWhen the pig is cooked through, approximately eight hours, use assistance to remove it from the fire, let rest for 30 minutes, then carve it down. The cheeks of the pig should be reserved for the most honored guest., ingredients: [Shovels, as needed, 15 cubic feet Lava river rocks lava rocks are porous to be preheated, 12 cord wood, 6 to 8 sheet metal panels measuring approximately 4 feet square these will retain the heat without being consumed by the fire, Metal fire tongs to move rocks, panels, wood, Fire mitts to protect your hands from the heat, Safety goggles and protective gear for your body, A large bunch of ti leaves bound together to be used as a brush to remove ash from the rocks, A stretcher constructed with 2 8foot by 2 by 6inch pieces lumber for the wood handles, connected by 2 2 by 6inch by 3 to 4 feet pieces wood, and an affixed support platform of plywood 34inch by 4feet by 3 to 4feet, 15 feet of 4 foot high heavy gauge chicken wire temporarily affixed to the platform part of the stretcher to hold the pig closed after adding the rocks to the carcass, 14 gauge wire as needed to secure the chicken wire, Wire cutters, 1 entire headon pig carcass, innards removed, Banana stumps to place between the pig meat and the hot coals to prevent the flesh from burning, Another large bunch of ti leaves, hard stalks snapped out, to be used like aluminum foil to steam the pig], title: Whole Kahlua Pig Roasted In A Sand Enclosed Oven For A Luau, picturelink: null}, 16080: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a food processor until the pesto reaches desired consistency.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCut eggplant in half lengthwise and brush each half with 12 teaspoon olive oil. Place cut side down on a nonstick baking sheet. Separate garlic cloves without peeling and wrap tightly in aluminum foil. Place eggplant and garlic in oven and cook until tender, approximately 25 minutes. Allow to cool. Unwrap garlic and peel. Scrape flesh from eggplant and discard skin. In a mediumsized bowl, combine garlic and eggplant. Add remaining oil, vinegar, salt and pepper, to taste and mix until wellblended.nToast rolls and smear with eggplant spread. Layer with sliced lamb and onions. Top with buratta, mache and pesto. Garnish with mascarpone and mint., ingredients: [1 cup packed fresh mint leaves, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, 34 cup olive oil, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 4 garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, Fresh mint sprig, 1 medium eggplant, 14 cup olive oil, divided, 8 cloves garlic, in paper, 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 rolls, Eggplant spread, 4 slices lamb sirloin, roasted, 2 onions, caramelized, 2 slices buratta cheese, 2 cups mache, 12 cup pesto, 12 cup mascarpone, 12 cup micro mint], title: Round 3: Roasted Lamb Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 16081: {instructions: Cut bacon into 14inch cubes. In skillet, place bacon and fry over low heat until fat is rendered. Drain on paper towel. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the fat. In stockpot heat reserved bacon fat. Add onions, salt and pepper and cook until onions turn a deep brown, about 10  15 minutes. Add chicken stock and simmer for 15 minutes. Skim and discard fat from the top and bring broth to a boil. Stir in fried bacon and the tomatoes. Return to a boil. Gently stir in beaten eggs, until cooked and thready, about 1  2 minutes, being careful not to over blend. Remove pot from heat. Ladle into bowls and sprinkle with cheese and serrano chiles. Serve with warm tortillas.nIn large bowl combine all ingredients and stir until smooth. The dough should be slightly sticky and form a ball when pressed together. To test, flatten a small of dough between your palms. If the edges crack, add water to the dough, a tablespoon at a time, until a test piece does not crack. Divide the dough into 24 golf ball size pieces for tacos and 12 large balls for quesadillas. Place on a platter and cover with a damp towel., ingredients: [6 ounces slab bacon, skin removed, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 12 cups chicken stock, 2 medium tomatoes cored, seeded and diced, 4 large eggs, beaten, 12 cup grated Anejo cheese, 2  4 serrano chiles, stemmed and chopped, Corn tortillas, recipe follows, 4 cups finely ground deep yellow masa harina, 2 34 cups cold water, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Drunken Eggs, picturelink: null}, 16082: {instructions: To prepare the softshell crabs: Put the flour in a pie dish or plate and season with a fair amount of salt and pepper. Dredge the crabs in the seasoned flour to coat, shaking off the excess. Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh flame. Lay the crabs in the hot oil in a single layer without crowding you may have to fry them in batches. Be careful, the crabs have a tendency to pop and spatter. Cook the crabs for about 3 minutes on each side, turning once, until golden brown. Drain on paper towels and cover to keep warm.nLower the heat to medium and add the butter to the pan. Let the butter melt and cook until it just begins to brown. Add the capers and wine cook, stirring, for 2 minutes until almost dry. Add the lemon juice and parsley season with salt and pepper. Pour the caper brown butter sauce over the crabs and serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 medium softshell crabs, cleaned and rinsed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 12 cup dry white wine, such as Sauvignon Blanc, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 handful fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Sauteed SoftShell Crabs with Caper Brown Butter, picturelink: null}, 16083: {instructions: Chutney: In a food processor, add the fennel with the ginger and Scotch bonnet pepper and pulse until evenly chopped. Combine the vinegar and sugar in a medium saucepan over medium heat and bring to a simmer, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Add the fennel mixture and the tomatoes and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the fennel is tender, the tomatoes break down, and the liquid is syrupy and reduced, about 15 minutes. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the pork loin into 2inch chunks. Combine the panko with all of the seasonings, dried herbs, salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Set up a breading station of 1 dish of flour, 1 dish of beaten eggs and 1 dish of seasoned panko bread crumbs. Dip the pork first in the flour, then the egg, and then in the panko.nHeat half the oil in saute pan on high heat and sear half of the breaded pork until golden brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer the pork to a sheet pan. Repeat with remaining oil and pork. Bake in the oven for 3 to 5 minutes for mediumcooked pork.nTransfer the pork to a serving dish and top with the fennel chutney., ingredients: [1 fennel bulb, cored and roughly chopped, 1inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 12 Scotch bonnet pepper or other spicy pepper, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup cherry or grape tomatoes, 2 pounds pork loin, 1 12 cups panko bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 tablespoon ground fennel, 1 teaspoon dried sage, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon dried parsley, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, beaten, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Crispy Pork Loin with Fennel Tomato Chutney, picturelink: hhv43FWXkIn2dexO2ZHXG0nPrsiomaa}, 16084: {instructions: Put the berries, 12 cup cold water, beet, lemon juice, honey and coconut oil into a blender. Blend on high until smooth, turning off the blender and pushing down on the ingredients with a spatula or wooden spoon as needed to help the blending process. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons more water if needed to adjust consistency., ingredients: [2 cups mixed frozen red berries such as strawberries and raspberries, 1 small red beet, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons unrefined extravirgin coconut oil], title: Red BerryandBeet Smoothie, picturelink: QLOmDq9Fa3ShcjvRgPTT67M2qMWyOre}, 16085: {instructions: Wash and dry the cucumbers. Using a sharp knife or a mandolin, slice the cucumbers thinly and place in a colander. Sprinkle with salt and toss to coat. Place the colander over a bowl and allow it to sit, covered, for about 1 hour. Rinse off the salt and dry the cucumber slices well. Place them into a sterilized quart jar.nIn a small saucepan add the remaining ingredients. Stir to dissolve sugar and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and allow it to cool. Pour the brine over the cucumbers in jar. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours, preferably overnight. Will keep, refrigerated, for about 2 weeks., ingredients: [6 kirby cucumbers or 2 regular cucumbers, 14 cup kosher salt, 1 cup water, 1 cup rice vinegar, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon coriander seed, 1 tablespoon mustard seed, 1 tablespoon whole allspice berries, 1 cinnamon stick, 3 cloves, 1 bay leaf], title: Quick Sweet Pickles, picturelink: EJRbiNDtseHxFZwDwzh0QgWZO8QaPO}, 16086: {instructions: Fan the jicama chips in a pinwheel on a serving dish and garnish with the lime wedges. Mix the remaining ingredients together in small bowl. Serve the chips and the chile and salt mixture with drinks like tequila and sangria. Each person selects a chip or two, sprinkles them with lime juice and then sprinkles the chile mix on the slices., ingredients: [2 medium sized jicamas, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 limes cut into palettes, 2 teaspoons medium hot Mexican chile powder, 1 teaspoon salt, to taste], title: Jicama Chips, picturelink: null}, 16087: {instructions: Place the corned beef and broth in a Dutch oven. Add the pickling spices and garlic and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until the beef is cooked, about 3 to 3 12 hours.nAdd the potatoes, carrots and turnips to the pot and cook until the meat and vegetables are tender, about 30 to 45 minutes. Meanwhile, cook the beets in a separate saucepan of boiling, salted water for 30 to 45 minutes this prevents the beets from discoloring the other vegetables.nRemove the beef and all of the vegetables from their broth and arrange on a heated serving platter. Pass the mustard and horseradish, if desired., ingredients: [1 corned beef brisket 4 to 5 pounds, 4 quarts chicken broth, 1 teaspoon pickling spices, 1 head garlic, unpeeled and cut into quarters, 12 small new potatoes, peeled, 6 carrots, coarsely chopped, 6 small turnips, diced, 8 small beets, with tops, Hot mustard optional, Prepared horseradish optional], title: New England Boiled Dinner, picturelink: null}, 16088: {instructions: Heat the oil in soup pot or Dutch oven. Add the bacon and brown. Remove the bacon, and reserve. Add the ham and brown, then remove and reserve. Melt in the butter, and add the garlic, onions, potatoes, carrots and bay leaf. Partially cover and cook to soften, 10 minutes. Add the stock, 2 cups water, the reserved ham and bacon, the sauerkraut and beans, and simmer until potatoes are cooked and soup flavor combines, 15 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper.nCool completely and store for a makeahead meal.nTo serve, reheat over medium heat. Add the parsley just before serving and pass bread at the table., ingredients: [A drizzle olive or vegetable oil, 4 ounces lean, smoky bacon, chopped, 12 ounces ham steak, 12inch dice, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 onions, chopped, 2 starchy potatoes, peeled and chopped about 1 12 pounds, 1 large carrot, chopped, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 pounds sauerkraut, rinsed and drained, One 15ounce can white or red kidney beans, Salt and pepper, A handful fresh parsley leaves, chopped, for garnish, Rye or sourdough bread, to pass], title: Ham, Bean and Bacon Soup with Sauerkraut, picturelink: 21eMetWcAK663x5kwwXYjbj4ISltxei}, 16089: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot over mediumlow heat, melt the butter. Add the marshmallows, stirring to coat with the butter. Continue to stir and cook until the marshmallows have completely melted. Remove from the heat and stir in the rice cereal and lemon zest. Mix until the cereal is completely coated.nUsing a scant 14 cup measure, roll the rice and marshmallow mixture into golf ballsize balls. Be sure to compress the cereal mixture tightly. Skewer a lollipop stick through the center of the ball. Repeat with remaining mixture and sticks.nMelt the chocolate over a double boiler. Dip each cake pop into the melted chocolate. Remove and allow any excess to drip off, spinning slightly, to coat completely. Stick the pops into a piece of floral foam or a bowl full of rice to stand upright so that the chocolate can set up slightly. Let sit 5 minutes. Dip the top half of each pop into the sprinkles. Place the sticks back in the foam or rice and place in the refrigerator to set up completely, or allow to set for several hours at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 12 cups miniature marshmallows, 3 cups puffed rice cereal, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 8 ounces white chocolate pieces or white coating chocolate, 14 cup colored decorating sugar or sprinkles, Special equipment: 1 dozen 5inch lollipop sticks], title: Sugar Plum Cake Pops, picturelink: tyydZS6aFtloa0Og7bnVGBbeHalshC.}, 16090: {instructions: Boil the potatoes until well done, drain and mash with butter. Set aside. In a large skillet over medium heat cook the onions and bacon together. Reserve 12 cup of mixture for spooning over the cooked perogies. Add the remaining bacon and onions to the potatoes. Stir the cheese into the potato mixture. Mix well. Chill until very cold. Mix flour and salt in large bowl. Make a well in the middle. Pour water and oil into the well. Mix together. Add more flour, 12 cup at a time until dough is firm. Knead dough until mixture does not stick to hands. Cover tightly and let stand for 12 hour in a warm place. On a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to 14inch thickness and cut in 2inch diameter circles. Add 1 teaspoon filling, fold over 1 half of circle and press the edges together to seal. Bring a large pot of water to a boil, add 1 tablespoon oil, then add perogies. Stir occasionally to perogies wont stick to the bottom. When perogies rise to the top, add 1 cup cold water to stop the cooking. Remove the perogies with a slotted spoon. Perogies will cook in 3 to 4 minutes. Serve topped with reserved onionbacon mixture., ingredients: [2 12 pounds red potatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 onions, chopped, 12 pound bacon, chopped, 6 ounces mild cheddar cheese, 2 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup warm water, 14 corn oil], title: Helens Perogies, picturelink: null}, 16091: {instructions: For the vinaigrette: Place the oil, apple juice concentrate, vinegar, maple syrup, salt, pepper, carrot, parsnip and shallot in a blender or food processor. Blend until smooth.nFor the salad: Place the lettuce, radicchio and endive in a salad bowl. Add the vinaigrette and toss until coated., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup frozen apple juice concentrate, thawed, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon maple syrup, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 roasted carrot, 1 roasted parsnip, 12 roasted shallot, 12 head romaine lettuce, chopped, 12 head radicchio, chopped, 1 spear Belgian endive, stemmed and chopped], title: Salad with Roasted Root Vegetable Vinaigrette, picturelink: QwGilTah0WltxxVtf07d95Lcmmd6e}, 16092: {instructions: Pound the veal cutlets until they are thin enough to roll. Divide the farmers cheese between the 3 veal cutlets and spread a thin layer on top of each piece of meat. Add the raisins, pine nuts and an olive tappanade on top of the cheese, then roll each cutlet into a log. Tie each log with butchers twine, and then set aside.nHeat olive oil in a medium sized pan and saute the veal logs over medium heat until they are cooked throughout and browned on all sides.nServe with Spaetzle and Frizzled Beets and Carrots. Place the spaetzle in a mound on the center of the plate. Halve the stuffed veal logs by slicing them on the bias. Prop up the pieces on either side of the spaetzle. Garnish with frizzled beets and carrots. Finish with fresh rosemary sprigs and some sauteed beet greens.nForm a mound of flour in a large bowl and make a well in the center. Incorporate the eggs, 1 at a time, in the well and slowly mix together with the flour. Add milk as you stir the flour batter together. Slowly integrate the rosemary and lemon zest. Continue to stir until a thickened batter forms.nPush the batter through a fine mesh strainer into a medium sized pot of boiling chicken stock. The spaetzle is done when the pieces float to the top of the stock. Use a slotted spoon to remove the cooked spaetzle. Melt butter in a large skillet, add garlic and spaetzle, then set aside.nHeat vegetable oil in a medium sized pan and fry the vegetables until they are crispy. Place the cooked vegetables on a paper towel to drain any excess oil. Sprinkle with salt, to taste., ingredients: [3 veal cutlet fillets, 8 ounces farmers cheese or goat cheese, 14 pound golden raisins, 14 pound pine nuts, toasted, 14 pound calamata olives, pitted, chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, for sauteing, Spaetzle, recipe follows, Frizzled Beets and Carrots, recipe follows, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, 12 cup milk, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, Chicken stock, for boiling spaetzle, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Salt and pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 beets, peeled and sliced into long, thin strips, 2 carrots, peeled and sliced into long, thin strips, Salt], title: Stuffed Veal Brasciola with Spaetzle and Frizzled Beets and Carrots, picturelink: null}, 16093: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 by 8inch casserolenPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large saucepan on medium heat, melt butter and saute onions and jalapenos until tender, about 5 minutes. Add flour and stir to coat evenly, being sure to not burn the onions. Cook flour until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Whisk in milk and cheese and stir until melted, then remove from heat. Add the eggs to a small bowl, and stir in 14 cup of hot mixture to temper the eggs. Stir add the egg mixture into the pan, along with corn, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour into a buttered 8 by 8inch casserole dish. In a small bowl, mix together bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese. Sprinkle evenly over top of casserole, place in the oven and bake until custard sets and the top is golden brown, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, plus extra for casserole, 12 large onion, chopped, 1 jalapeno, chopped, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 10ounce bag frozen corn, Salt and freshly ground black pepper 14 cup bread crumbs 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Baked Corn Pudding, picturelink: HhflFJpbOueRbyIxlyoXqpEYyc3xsm}, 16094: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine baking sheets with silpats French nonstick baking mats or parchment paper set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter, brown sugar, and granulated sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs mix on high speed to combine. Mix in vanilla set aside.nCombine the rolled oats, flour, wheat germ, baking soda, and baking powder in a large bowl. Stir to combine. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture, and beat on low speed to combine, 10 to 15 seconds. Remove bowl from mixer and stir in raisins.nUsing a large metal scoop, drop dough onto prepared sheets, about 2 inches apart. Bake until golden and just set, about 18 minutes. Transfer sheets to wire rack to cool., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup wheat germ, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 cups mixed dried fruits and nuts, coarsely chopped golden raisins, currants, dried apricots, dried cherries, pecans, or a combination of above], title: Oatmeal Cookies, picturelink: oxKk9hrbS0441WlnOKR8jNwwNKe.AV2}, 16095: {instructions: For the sandwich: Take the bread slices and arrange them on a large plate or cutting board. Slather the almond butter, using 1 tablespoon per slice of bread. Layer the banana slices on top of the almond butter. Then shake a few goji berries on top and sprinkle with a pinch of cinnamon. Leave each sandwich openfaced without a slice of bread on top.nFor the spread: Process the cherries, vinegar, lemon juice, cayenne, salt, apples and chipotle in a food processor until slightly smooth with a bit of chunky texture, 15 seconds. Drizzle the spread on top of the openfaced sandwiches in an artful fashion. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 medium slices whole grain or glutenfree bread, 4 tablespoons raw almond butter, 2 ripe bananas, sliced, 2 tablespoons dried goji berries, Pinch ground cinnamon, 34 cup fresh cherries, pitted and halved, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Pinch cayenne pepper, Pinch sea salt, 2 medium Fuji or Pink Lady apples, chopped, 18 dried chipotle pepper, soaked to soften], title: Banana ABandJ Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 16096: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all ingredients in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring frequently, until cranberries begin to break down and water evaporates, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to cool before serving., ingredients: [8 ounces frozen or fresh whole cranberries, 12 navel orange, zested, 1 whole navel orange, juiced, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds], title: Fennel Orange Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: 0YuK3s2HjWvWYrJJys.v3TqsJXR0mTK}, 16097: {instructions: Remove stems from chiles and shake out and discard seeds. In small saucepan place chiles with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and let sit 20 minutes to soften. Drain and discard water. In a blender combine dried chiles, annatto seeds, garlic, cumin, red wine vinegar and jalapeno. Puree at high speed 1  2 minutes, or until thick and smooth. Add olive oil and salt and blend again until mixed. Cut beef hearts into 2 x 14inch strips. Place in a bowl, pour over chile mixture and toss to coat evenly. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator at least 4 hours or overnight. Preheat grill or broiler. Thread 4  5 pieces of beef heart on a bamboo skewer. Grill until seared on all sides, about 3  5 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [8 dried Puya chiles or 4 dried California chiles, wiped clean, 4 Chiles de Arbol, 2 tablespoons Annatto seeds, 1 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 jalapeno chile, stemmed, seeded and roughly chopped, 12 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 pound beef hearts, trimmed of all sinew and silverskin], title: Anticuchos Grilled Beef Heart, picturelink: null}, 16098: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the pitas onto a large baking sheet and spray with cooking spray. Combine the spice blend and sprinkle onto the torn pitas. Place the baking sheet into the oven and bake for about 10 minutes, or until golden brown.nCombine garlic, lemon juice, olive oil, salt and pepper, to taste, in a salad bowl. Add the peppers, tomatoes, onions, parsley, mint and pita chips to the bowl, toss., ingredients: [2 pitas, torn into chips, Extravirgin olive oil cooking spray, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon grill seasoning, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 clove garlic, grated, 2 lemons, juiced, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 beefsteak tomato, chopped, 1 medium red onion, chopped, 12 cup chopped flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 cup chopped mint leaves], title: ForPitasSake Salad, picturelink: rXySq96y9HM.d5xhCjLK.j3OMNhNTiS}, 16099: {instructions: Spray an 8 by 8inch glass baking dish with nonstick spray and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCook the noodles to al dente according to the package directions and drain. Place the noodles in a single layer on a cutting board and use a pizza cutter to slice into 1inch wide strips. Toss the noodles and 1 tablespoon of the butter together in a medium bowl.nPuree the remaining butter, cream cheese, sour cream, eggs, sugar, vanilla extract, and salt in a blender until thoroughly combined, 30 to 45 seconds. Pour the cream cheese mixture over the noodles, add the apricots and raisins, and stir to combine. Transfer the noodle mixture to the prepared pan and sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar and the nutmeg. Cover with foil and bake for 35 minutes. Uncover and continue to bake until the pudding is set, slightly puffed, and golden around the edges, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 8 ounces lasagna noodles 9 to 10 noodles, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, cooled slightly, and divided, 8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 8 ounces sour cream, room temperature, 4 whole eggs, room temperature, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 ounces dried apricots, coarsely chopped, 4 ounces golden raisins, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg], title: Lasagna Noodle Kugel, picturelink: gghwcID0rfrqTtzWp1XBrSYjVqNlcja}, 16100: {instructions: To prepare the mole sauce: In a blender or food processor, blend tomatoes and garlic cloves, adding water if necessary. Strain and set aside. In a spice grinder pulverize the sesame seeds, peppercorns, oregano and cinnamon set aside.nMake a lengthwise cut on 1 side of each ancho and guajillo chile and remove seeds. Put chiles in a bowl and cover with boiling water, letting soak for 20 minutes or until soft. Place chiles and soaking water in a blender. Puree, strain and set aside. In a medium stockpot, heat 3 tablespoons of canola oil. Add the dried spices stirring continuously. Add the two purees and bring to a boil. Add the chocolate, sugar, and salt to taste let simmer for about 20 minutes.nTo prepare the lamb shanks: Season the lamb shanks with salt and in a hot skillet sear shanks in oil on all sides. In a bowl, dip each shank in mole sauce, sprinkle with some of the vinegar, chopped onion and salt, then wrap in a banana leaf and then in aluminum foil. Place shanks in a roasting pan and bake in a preheated 325 degree oven for 3 12 to 4 hours, or until the meat is falling off the bone. Place shank on a plate and top with additional warm mole sauce., ingredients: [6 plum tomatoes, roasted in a 375 degree oven until blackened, 2 garlic cloves, roasted, Water, for consistency, 3 teaspoons sesame seeds, toasted, 14 teaspoon freshlyground black peppercorns, toasted, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, toasted Mexican preferred, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, toasted, 8 ancho chiles, 6 guajillo chiles, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 12 ounce Mexican chocolate, 12 cup sugar, 4 medium to large lamb foreshanks, Salt, 14 cup canola oil, for searing, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 12 medium yellow onion chopped, 4 12inch square banana leaves available in the frozen section of Mexican markets], title: Mixiote de Borrego en Mole Coloradito: Lamb Shank in an Oaxacan Red Mole Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16101: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a roasting pan, arrange the veal bones in a single layer, then drizzle with oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast the bones in the lower part of the oven, flip after 20 to 30 minutes and remove from the oven after 40 minutes to 1 hour, when the bones are golden brown.nSmear the tomato paste over the bones with a spoon. Add the carrots, celery, onion, leeks, and garlic. Return to oven and roast for 1 additional hour.nInto a large stockpot, add the roasted bones, roasted vegetables, thyme, rosemary, and parsley and 16 cups of water. Discard fat from roasting pan. Place roasting pan directly onto stovetop and heat on medium for 1 minute. Remove from heat and immediately add 12 cup to 1 cup of water to the roasting pan, scraping up the brown bits. Add the deglazed liquid to the stockpot. Bring the liquid to a tremble 190 degrees F, and simmer for 8 hours, skimming and discarding the froth frequently during the first hour.nPour the stock in batches through a large fine sieve and discard the solids. Skim off the fat. Alternatively, cool the stock, uncovered, and chill, covered. Scrape away and discard congealed fat from the chilled stock. Gently simmer the stock, skimming the froth occasionally, until it is reduced to about 4 cups, about 1 hour. Before storing the stock cool it completely, about 1 hour, uncovered. Stock keeps, 1 week when covered and chilled or, 3 months when frozen in airtight containers,nCooks Note: If desired, pour the cooled stock into icecube trays and freeze. Frozen cubes keep 3 months in heavyduty resealable plastic bags. Stocks are key to any restaurant as they are the base of so many recipes. When you go to cooking school, learning how to make stocks is one of the first things you do. Although this might seem laborious when you can just go to the grocery store and get one out of a box, there is nothing better than a homemade stock to add that extra depth to anything you might be making, whether its a soup, a sauce, a braise or a roast. Just pick a rainy day when you have some stuff to do around the house, get your ingredients and go for it You wont regret it. The best part about this is that you can freeze it in containers and use it for up to three months. Time very well spent. Not to say that grocery store stocks are bad, they do the job and if you really dont have the time, its a great alternative.nWhen roasting the bones, youll know its time to add the vegetables when theyre an irresistible golden brown color, almost caramelized by the glistening fat. You cant get any better than that, ingredients: [8 meaty veal bones, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 4 carrots, 4 celery stalks, 3 onions, 2 large leeks, 1 whole garlic head, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 4 fresh rosemary sprigs, 4 large fresh flatleaf parsley sprigs, 16 cups, plus 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, Sea salt], title: Veal Stock, picturelink: null}, 16102: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees.nTrim off any loose bits of meat and excess fat, leaving about 14 inch of fat. Put lamb in a roasting pan skin side up, cover with aluminum foil, and roast for 1 12 hours.nRemove from oven, uncover, and rub generously with butter. Cover with foil and return lamb to oven. Repeat 3 more times, once every 15 minutes.nAfter 3 12 hours, remove foil, raise heat to 425 degrees and cook 10 more minutes, or until the skin side is gold and crusty.nRemove from oven, place shoulder on a large platter, and let rest for 5 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and ground cumin. Carve and serve with salt and cumin in small dishes on the side., ingredients: [1 shoulder of lamb, about 6 to 7 pounds, 14 pound unsalted butter, Salt, Ground cumin], title: Mechoui, picturelink: null}, 16103: {instructions: Whisk together the ketchup, molasses, vinegar, Worcestershire, sugar, paprika, onion powder, garlic powder, mustard powder, salt, pepper and liquid smoke in a medium pot. Bring to a simmer over low heat and cook to allow the flavors to concentrate, 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool to room temperature before using., ingredients: [1 12 cups ketchup, 12 cup molasses, 13 cup apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon liquid smoke], title: Sweet and Sticky BBQ Sauce Kansas City Style, picturelink: sRj6PH1jtAsH9tpXA2WTWikwG6Ht.oG}, 16104: {instructions: For a relish for the adult burgers, combine the cherry tomatoes, parsley leaves, minced garlic and olive oil in a small bowl. Season with a pinch of salt, and toss everything together. You can do this ahead of time and chill it in the fridge.nDivide the ground beef into 4 patties. You can make the kid patties slightly smaller, or they can have leftovers.nDent the center of each burger patty, and divide the white Cheddar between 2 of the indentations and the pimento cheese between the other 2. Doing the best you can, fold the meat up and over the cheese, then lightly press to seal everything together.nGrill or sear the burger patties over mediumhigh heat, roughly 4 minutes per side. Let the burgers rest for about 5 minutes. Put the burgers in the buns.nServe the kid white Cheddar burgers with apple wedges, chips or fries.nServe the adult pimento cheese burgers topped with the tomatoparsley relish., ingredients: [1 cup halved cherry tomatoes, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Pinch of salt, 2 pounds ground beef, 2 to 3 tablespoons shredded white Cheddar cheese, 2 to 3 tablespoons homemade or storebought pimento cheese, 4 burger buns, split and lightly toasted, Apple wedges, chips or fries, for serving], title: One Recipe, Two Meals: Stuffed Burgers with So. Much. Cheese., picturelink: null}, 16105: {instructions: By hand or in a food processor shred sprouts. Melt butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add sprouts and saute until tender but still crisp. Add balsamic vinegar and sprinkle with parmesan cheese., ingredients: [1 pound brussels sprouts, trimmed of stems and coarse outer leaves, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, Salt and pepper, Balsamic vinegar, to taste, Grated Parmesan], title: Shredded Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: null}, 16106: {instructions: Preheat your oven to 325 degrees F. Grease your springform pan with a little oil and line the base with parchment paper.nMeasure and sift the cocoa powder into a bowl or pitcher and whisk in the boiling water until you have a smooth, chocolatey, still runny but only just paste. Whisk in the vanilla extract, then set aside to cool a little.nIn another smallish bowl, combine the almond meal or allpurpose flour with the baking soda and pinch of salt.nPut the sugar, olive oil, and eggs into the bowl of a freestanding mixer with the paddle attachment or other bowl and whisk arrangement of your choice and beat together vigorously for about 3 minutes, until you have a paleprimrose, aerated, and thickened cream.nTurn the speed down a little and pour in the cocoa mixture, beating as you go, and when all is scraped in, you can slowly tip in the almond meal or allpurpose flour mixture.nScrape down, and stir a little with a spatula, then pour this dark, liquid batter into the prepared pan. Bake for 4045 minutes or until the sides are set and the very center, on top, still looks slightly damp. A cake tester should come up mainly clean but with a few sticky chocolate crumbs clinging to it.nLet it cool for 10 minutes on a wire rack, still in its pan, and then ease the sides of the cake with a small metal spatula and spring it out of the pan. Leave to cool completely or eat while still warm with some ice cream, as a dessert., ingredients: [23 cup regular olive oil, plus more for greasing, 6 tablespoons goodquality unsweetened cocoa powder, sifted, 12 cup boiling water, 2 teaspoons best vanilla extract, 1 12 cups almond meal flour or 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, pinch salt, 1 cup superfine sugar, 3 eggs, 1 X 9inch springform, cake pan], title: Chocolate Olive Oil Cake, picturelink: null}, 16107: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the shrimp in a large mixing bowl. Add 12 cup lime juice and let stand for 15 minutes so the shrimp can cook in the lime juice any less and it wont cook, any more and it toughens.nMeanwhile, in a separate large mixing bowl, mix the remaining 12 cup lime juice, cucumbers, tomatoes, cilantro, red onions and serrano chile to incorporate evenly. Transfer the mixed vegetables into the shrimp bowl and mix well to incorporate. Season the ceviche with some salt. Serve with saltine crackers, bottled hot sauce and lime wedges if desired., ingredients: [1 pound highquality medium raw shrimp, peeled, deveined, tail removed, cut into thin pieces, 1 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 cup peeled, seeded and finely chopped cucumber, 1 cup seeded and finely chopped tomato, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup finely chopped red onion, 1 serrano chile pepper, deveined, seeded and minced, Kosher salt, for seasoning, Saltine crackers, Bottled hot sauce, Lime wedges, optional], title: Shrimp Ceviche, picturelink: JED3PuVMfbtDxrPoyJ9K8.SYuCxGvnG}, 16108: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking water drain the pasta.nMeanwhile, heat a grill pan over high heat. Stuff the garlic slices into the cut sides of each tomato, then sprinkle with the red pepper flakes, and salt to taste drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Grill the tomatoes and pepper strips, skinside down, until charred and tender, about 10 minutes transfer to a cutting board.nBrush the zucchini and eggplant slices lightly with olive oil season with salt. Grill until marked and tender, about 5 minutes per side. Roughly chop the tomatoes and transfer to a large pot cook over mediumhigh heat, 3 minutes. Roughly chop the remaining grilled vegetables and add to the pot along with the herbs and the remaining olive oil.nAdd the pasta to the pot and cook, tossing, until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes. Add some of the reserved pasta water to loosen, if needed. Divide among bowls top with the goat cheese and more herbs.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces lasagnette or other long ribbon pasta, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 3 to 4 large tomatoes, halved crosswise and cored, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 bell pepper any color, cut into 8 strips, 2 small zucchini, sliced lengthwise 12 inch thick, 1 Japanese eggplant, sliced lengthwise 12 inch thick, 34 cup fresh basil andor parsley, chopped, plus more for topping, 2 ounces goat cheese, crumbled], title: Ratatouille Pasta, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 16109: {instructions: Heat the oil in a 9inch skillet and add the potato slices one at a time so they dont stick together. Alternate layers of potato with the onion slices and salt the layers lightly. Cook slowly over medium heat the potatoes will really boil in the oil rather than fry, lifting and turning the potatoes occasionally, until they are tender but not brown. The potatoes should remain separated, not in a cake. Drain the potatoes in a colander, reserving about 3 tablespoons of the oil.  The onion and potato give the oil a wonderful flavor, so save the rest for some other use.  Wipe out the skillet, scraping off any stuck particles. If this is difficult to do, wash the skillet. It will be used again to set the omelet and must be completely clean to avoid sticking.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl beat the eggs with a fork until they are slightly foamy. Salt to taste. Add the potatoes and julienned red peppers to the beaten egg, pressing the potatoes down with a pancake turner so that they are completely covered by the egg. Let the mixture sit for 15 minutes.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the reserved oil in the skillet until it reaches the smoking point. It must be very hot or the eggs will stick. Add the potatoes, pepper and egg mixture, spreading it out rapidly in the skillet with the aid of a pancake turner or offset spatula. Lower the heat to mediumhigh and shake the pan often to prevent sticking. When the eggs begin to brown underneath, invert a plate of the same size over the skillet and flip the omelet onto the plate. Add about 1 tablespoon more oil to the pan, then slide the omelet back into the skillet to brown on the other side.nLower the heat to medium and flip the omelet two or three more times this helps to give the omelet a good shape while it continues to cook, cooking briefly on each side. It should be juicy inside. Transfer to a platter and cool , then cut in thin wedges, ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 4 large potatoes, peeled and cut into 18inch slices, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, Coarse salt, 4 large eggs, 1 small jar roasted red peppers, julienned], title: Spanish Potato Omelet, picturelink: null}, 16110: {instructions: Heat skillet on high. Sprinkle foie gras with salt and pepper. Just before the skillet reaches smoking point, add foie gras to the pan. Quickly brown the foie gras on high heat. Serve on top of a mound of frisee. Drizzle with Port Wine Sauce.nTo make Port Wine Sauce: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Score the skin and season duck breasts with salt. Add the duck breasts to skillet skin side down and cook 4 minutes. Turn and cook about 2 minutes longer for mediumrare. Transfer to heated platter and tent with foil to keep warm. Pour off fat from skillet. Add 1 tablespoon butter to skillet and melt over medium heat. Add shallot and saute until transulent, about 2 minutes. Add Port and figs. Increase heat and boil until liquid is reduced to glaze, scraping up any browned bits, about 4 minutes. Add duck glace. Remove from heat and whisk in remaining 2 tablespoons butter 1 tablespoon at a time. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 slices fresh foie gras, Salt and pepper, 2 cups frisee, 1 tablespoon warm Port Wine Sauce, Olive oil, 2 large duck breast halves, boned bones reserved, Salt, Freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, minced, 12 cup Port, 6 Calimyra figs, stemmed and quartered, 2 tablespoons duck glace], title: Salad of Frisee and Sauteed Foie Gras, picturelink: null}, 16111: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nCut a lengthwise slit in each plantain and set it on a baking sheet. Bake until the flesh is thoroughly soft and oozing through the slit, 40 to 50 minutes, Set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, make the stuffing: Finely dice the poblano chile. Combine with beans, scallions,, cheeses, and pepper in a mixing bowl and stir to combine. The stuffing can be made up to a day in advance and reserved in the refrigerator.nMake the sough in a food processor or in a mixer with a paddle attachment: Peel, trim and discard any tough ends from the plantains. Combine the plantains, banana and salt and pulse until a smooth puree is formed, or mix until just blended. Be careful not to overwork the dough, or it will become too starchy. Wrap in plastic and chill about 2 hours.nTo assemble the empanadas, roll 2 tablespoons of the dough lightly between your palms to form a ball. Line the bottom of a tortilla press with a small plastic bag and place the ball of dough in the center. Place another small bag over the dough and press to form a 3 12inch circle. If you do not have a tortilla press, the dough can be flattened with the palm of your hand on a counter, with a sheet of plastic above and below to prevent sticking. Place about 1 teaspoon of the bean stuffing on half of the dough circle and fold over to enclose, pressing the edges to seal. Place the stuffed empanadas on a platter and chill at least 30 minutes or as long as a day. Stuffed empanadas can also be frozen.nTo cook the empanadas, heat the peanut oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Fry 4 to 6 empanadas, at a time, shaking the pan constantly, about 1 minute per side or until dark brown all over. If they darken too quickly, as they may if very ripe plantains were used, lower the flame slightly. Drain on paper towels. Serve hot with Crema, Creme Fraiche or sour cream for dipping.nIn large pot place beans and water and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce to a simmer and cook for 1 hour, or until tender and creamy in center. Crush the beans in their liquid with the potato masher or the back of a wooden spoon. In a large saucepan heat lard or oil over medium heat. Stir frequently, until the liquid evaporates and the beans form a creamy mass that pulls away from the bottom and sides of the pan, about 15 minutes cooking time. Serve immediately. Refried beans can be kept in the refrigerator 3  4 days and reheated in a covered casserole in a 350 degree oven., ingredients: [1 small Poblano chile, roasted, peeled and seeded, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 cup cold Refried Black Beans, recipe follows, or goodquality canned, 3 ripe plantains, unpeeled, 1 ripe banana, peeled, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 scallions, white and some green parts, thinly sliced, 14 cup peanut oil, 1 cup Crema, recipe follows, 14 cup grated Anejo, Romano or Feta cheese, 14 cup grated Manchego or Feta cheese, Creme Fraiche or sour cream for garnish, 2 cups dried black beans, washed and picked over, 3 tablespoons lard or vegetable oil, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 712 cups water, 1 large onion], title: Plantain Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 16112: {instructions: Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Butterfly the pork: Slice lengthwise down the center, stopping about 12 inch before cutting through the meat. Open the pork like a book and flatten slightly with your hands. Lay a piece of plastic wrap on top and pound with the flat side of a meat mallet or a skillet until 12 inch thick.nPut the pork and zucchini in a large bowl. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil, the lemon zest, cumin, coriander, 1 teaspoon salt and the cayenne and toss let sit 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the orzo to the boiling water and cook as the label directs. Drain and rinse under cold water. Transfer to a bowl add the tomatoes, parsley, lemon juice, the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and 14 teaspoon salt toss.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to medium high. Grill the pork and zucchini, flipping once, until the pork is cooked through and the zucchini is tender, about 12 minutes for the pork and 14 minutes for the zucchini. Slice the pork on an angle and serve with the zucchini, orzo and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 large pork tenderloin about 1 14 pounds, 2 zucchini, halved lengthwise and crosswise, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, plus wedges for serving, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup orzo, 2 tomatoes, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Pork and Zucchini with Orzo, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 16113: {instructions: In a large bowl combine the ice cream, grape jelly and smooth peanut butter. Gently stir to combine, leaving streaks of jelly and peanut butter throughout the ice cream. Spoon the mixture into 4 dessert bowls. Garnish each bowl with 2 vanilla wafer cookies and various toppings, if so desired., ingredients: [2 cups lowfat vanilla ice cream, softened, 14 cup grape jelly or jam or strawberry preserves, 14 cup smooth peanut butter, 8 vanilla wafer cookies, Sprinkles, Chocolate chips, Peanuts, Chocolate fudge, Mini chocolate sandwiches recommended: Oreos], title: Peanut Butter and Jelly Swirled Ice Cream with Vanilla Cookies, picturelink: F0qDF39.d0Dn8ATTXLaozMJp..RUUsi}, 16114: {instructions: Make the cinnamonvanilla vodka: Pour the vodka into a jar add the cinnamon sticks and cover. Store in a cool, dark place, shaking the jar every day or so, for 1 week. Strain discard the cinnamon sticks.nMake the martini: Coat the rim of a martini glass with marshmallow cream if its too thick for rimming the glass, mix with some water. Sprinkle some graham cracker crumbs and cocoa powder on the marshmallow cream. Lightly toast the marshmallow rim with a kitchen torch.nPut 1 ounce of the cinnamonvanilla vodka, the Drambuie, chocolate liqueur and chocolate bitters in a cocktail shaker filled with ice shake until frothy. Strain into the prepared martini glass. Rinse out the shaker and refill with ice. Add the heavy cream and honey and shake vigorously without the ice until slightly thick. Spoon the heavy cream mixture over the cocktail. Garnish with a toasted marshmallow.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 bottle 750 ml vanillaflavored vodka, 9 cinnamon sticks, Marshmallow cream, for the glass, Fine graham cracker crumbs, for the glass, Cocoa powder, for the glass, 1 ounce Drambuie honeyflavored scotch, 1 ounce chocolate liqueur preferably Godiva, Dash of chocolate bitters, 2 ounces heavy cream, 1 teaspoon honey, Toasted marshmallow, for garnish optional], title: Smores Martini, picturelink: SiSQ7fmQEoRGknNNIOPWjAQJ1Erene}, 16115: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSpray 4 8ounce ramekins or custard cups with cooking spray. Stir pie filling, preserves, dried cherries, and almond extract in a large bowl to blend. Spoon cherry mixture into ramekins. Place ramekins on a cookie sheet.nToss oats, brown sugar, almonds, and cinnamon in medium bowl to combine. Drizzle melted butter over stir to moisten. Sprinkle topping over cherry mixture. Bake for 20 minutes, or until topping is golden and cherry mixture bubbles. Serve warm with whipped topping or sour cream., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup prepared cherry pie filling, 1 cup cherry preserves, 14 cup dried cherries, 1 12 teaspoons pure almond extract, 1 cup quickcooking oats, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup sliced almonds, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 5 tablespoons butter, melted, Whipped nondairy topping, or sour cream], title: Cherry Almond Crumble, picturelink: T5ilRbPr5EQ6MFrp8X4GT6rMBGQqkN.}, 16116: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nShred the carrots, cabbage and onions in a food processor fitted with a shredding blade. Place the vegetables in a large bowl and mix in the mayonnaise, sugar, vinegar, granulated garlic, granulated onion and a pinch each salt and pepper. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to overnight.nServe chilled., ingredients: [2 large carrots, 12 green cabbage, quartered, 12 Spanish onion, quartered, 1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon granulated onion, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Classic Creamy Coleslaw, picturelink: TNt70Z4nohjjQghAkALdQ0Ke8ysPWre}, 16117: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork pieces and brown on both sides, about 6 to 8 minutes. Add the onion, cut sides down, and brown, about 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in the chicken broth. Season with chili flakes, salt, vinegar and garlic powder. Bring to a boil, then turn down the heat to a simmer. Adjust seasoning, if desired. Add the collard greens and garlic cloves, stir to combine and cover. Cook until greens are tender, approximately 35 to 45 minutes. Remove the onion halves, garlic cloves, pork pieces, for better presentation. Transfer the greens to a serving bowl.nHeat the oven to 375 degrees F. Coat an 8 by 8inch baking pan with cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, whisk together all the ingredients except the butter and pour into the pan. Bake for 18 to 20 minutes, until the cornbread is lightly golden brown.nOnce baked, remove from the oven and brush with butter. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 to 2pound smoked salt pork thickly sliced or turkey wings, 1 onion, halved, 1 quart chicken broth, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 pounds fresh collard greens, washed, stems removed and roughly chopped, 6 cloves garlic, Sweet Maple Cornbread, recipe follows, Cooking spray, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 4 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 cup oil, 2 eggs, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons butter, softened], title: Main Challenge: Spicy Southern Collard Greens with Sweet Maple Cornbread, picturelink: zjP8bjzxz9z0.KQWm97lCt0shXjKgpC}, 16118: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees and butter a 1 12quart quiche dish or pie plate.nIn a food processor pulse half of corn until chopped coarse. In a bowl stir together chopped corn and remaining corn kernels and sprinkle with sugar and salt, stirring until combined well.nIn another bowl whisk together milk, eggs, vanilla seeds, butter, flour and chives and stir into corn until combined well. Pour pudding into quiche dish or pie plate and sprinkle with nutmeg. Bake pudding in middle of oven until center is just set, about 45 minutes. Garnish pudding with chives, ingredients: [2 10 ounce packages frozen corn kernels, thawed, 14 cup sugar, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 2 cups milk, 4 large eggs, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped, reserving pod for another use, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 3 tablespoons all purpose flour, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Garnish: 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: Corn Chive Pudding, picturelink: null}, 16119: {instructions: Special equipment: six small cast iron pans or 6 to 8ounce ovenproof ramekins a 4inch round biscuit cutternFor the peaches: Remove the skins from the peaches and cut into wedges. Place in a bowl and toss with the sugar, lemon juice, cornstarch and cinnamon.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the peaches and bourbon and simmer until the liquid is mostly cooked off and the peaches are just tender but not too soft. Divide the peaches among 6 small cast iron pans or 6 to 8ounce ovenproof ramekins.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the biscuit topping: Stir together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Using a pastry cutter, blend the butter into the flour mixture until it looks like big crumbs but is not completely mixed in. Stir in the buttermilk and mix until just combined.nTransfer the biscuit dough to a lightlyfloured work surface and gently roll out the dough until even and about 12inch thick. Cut out 6 rounds with a 4inch biscuit cutter. You may have extra dough the rest can be baked separately and served on the side with butter.nPlace a dough round on each dish of peach cobbler. Brush the top of each round with heavy cream and sprinkle with sugar.nPlace the cobblers on a baking sheet. Bake until the fruit is bubbly and the biscuits are golden brown, about 20 to 30 minutes.nServe with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [5 ripe peaches, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling out dough, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces, chilled, 34 cup cold buttermilk, 14 cup heavy cream, for brushing, Raw sugar, for sprinkling, Whipped cream or vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Touchdown Peach Cobbler, picturelink: EpyKSbjqMiTYemeZo9QaBLNegjuaa}, 16120: {instructions: Prepare the pie crust according the recipe and press into a 9inch pie plate. Place 13 of the apples and all the salt, cinnamon, dates, and vanilla powder in a food processor. Process the mixture until it is almost the consistency of applesauce. Continue adding apples, processing only until apples are chopped into small to medium sized pieces. Add raisins to the mixing bowl. Stir in ground flax seeds, mix well, and set aside for 15 minutes. The raisins and flax seeds will soak up the juice from the apples. Pour the apple mixture into the prepared pie crust.nPlace almonds in a food processor and process until mixture resembles flour. Add salt and vanilla powder to the almonds and process well. Add pecans, walnuts, and dates to the food processor and process just until combined. Press the mixture into a 9inch glass pie pan. The crust may be made ahead of time and refrigerated or frozen., ingredients: [1 Raw Apple Pie Crust, recipe follows, 3 apples, peeled and cored, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 dates, soaked for 1 hour and then drained, 12 tablespoon vanilla powder, 12 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons flax seeds, ground, 1 cup almonds, soaked in water for 12 hours, then drained and dehydrated for 12 hours, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 tablespoon vanilla powder, 1 cup pecans, soaked in water for 12 hours, then drained and dehydrated for 12 hours, 1 cup walnuts, soaked in water for 12 hours, then drained and dehydrated for 12 hours, 1 12 cups pitted dates], title: Raw Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 16121: {}, 16122: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 13inch baking dish with cooking spray or butter.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together the heavy cream, whole milk, brown sugar, cinnamon, salt, vanilla and egg yolks and set aside.nAdd the cubed apples, pecans and cubed bread to the prepared baking dish and toss to combine. Pour the custard over the bread and apple pieces. Carefully toss to coat, making sure that the cubed bread is submerged in the custard, and let stand to allow the bread to soak up the custard, 10 to 15 minutes.nBake until the center has set, about 45 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes. Drizzle Caramel Dessert Sauce over the bread pudding. Serve with extra sauce and vanilla ice cream.nIn a heavybottomed saucepan, combine the sugar, butter, buttermilk and corn syrup. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and slowly add the baking soda it will foam up, followed by the vanilla and cinnamon. The sauce will thicken as it cools. Serve warm., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray or butter, for greasing, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups whole milk, 34 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 9 large egg yolks, 3 12 cups Granny Smith apples, peeled and chopped, 34 cup pecans, chopped and toasted, 1 loaf challah bread, cut or torn into 1inch pieces preferably stale, Caramel Dessert Sauce, recipe follows, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch salt], title: Apple Bread Pudding with Caramel Dessert Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16123: {instructions: Place all ingredients in food processor and pulse until salt is bright green., ingredients: [1 bunch cilantro leaves, 34 cup kosher salt, 34 cup sea salt], title: Cilantro Salt, picturelink: null}, 16124: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Healthy Eating, picturelink: null}, 16125: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the butternut squash in half lengthwise to remove the seeds and strings. Peel the skin using a paring knife and cut the squash into small cubes.nPlace the olive oil and shallots in a deep skillet over medium heat. When the shallots begin to color, add the squash and season with salt and pepper. Saute a few minutes to lightly caramelize the surface of the cubes. Add the bay leaf, nutmeg, sage, and chicken broth. Cover the pan and cook until the squash is tender but still holding its shape, about 8 minutes.nPuree the sauce with a standard or immersion blender and serve with potato gnocchi. Top with grated cheese and chopped chestnuts before serving. If desired, fry some sage and shallots in olive oil to garnish., ingredients: [1 large butternut squash, about 1 12 pounds, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, minced, Salt and pepper, 1 bay leaf, Pinch ground nutmeg, 6 fresh sage leaves, cut in thin strips, 1 cup chicken broth, 12 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano, Chopped chestnuts, for garnish], title: Butternut Squash Sauce with Sage, picturelink: FDUHyy0UMYKPEVEegfSOuZh9S4cSv62}, 16126: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHalve eggplants lengthwise. Scoop out the flesh leaving the shells 18inch thick. Salt the shells and invert to drain over paper towels for 30 minutes. Salt the flesh and drain it in a strainer.nDefrost the spinach in a microwave, squeeze out all of the water and separate it with fingertips. Put the spinach in a mixing bowl.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat with extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan. Add the meat, sage and salt and pepper, to taste. Lightly brown the meat, then stir in the garlic and cook for 30 seconds, Add the meat mixture to the mixing bowl.nMelt 4 tablespoons butter in a sauce pot over medium heat. Whisk in the flour, cook for 1 minute, then whisk in milk and bring the mixture to a bubble. The sauce should be thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Season the sauce with salt, pepper and nutmeg, to taste. Cool for a few minutes, then add it to the meat and spinach. Pat the salted flesh of the eggplant dry and finely chop, then stir it into meat mixture along with an egg and about 12 cup cheese.nTear the bread, add it to a food processor and pulsegrind into fresh crumbs. Finely chop the parsley leaves and stir it into the bread crumbs.nPat the eggplant shells dry and drizzle a baking dish with extravirgin olive oil. Arrange the eggplant shells in the dish and mound the filling into them. Top with bread crumbs and a little more cheese, dot with dabs of butter and bake until lightly golden, about 30 minutes. Cool completely, cover and refrigerate for a makeahead meal. To reheat, put the eggplant in a 350 degree F oven, loosely covered, for 20 minutes, then uncover and bake until deeply golden in color, about 10 to 15 minutes. Serve a whole eggplant per person., ingredients: [4 small, firm eggplants, each 5 to 6 inches in length about 1 34 pounds, Salt, 1 box organic chopped frozen spinach, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for baking dish, 1 pound ground veal, 1 teaspoon ground or rubbed sage, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 5 tablespoons butter, 3 slightly rounded tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 large egg, About 34 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 3 slices pane bello or good quality white, crusty bread, crusts trimmed and torn, A few sprigs fresh parsley, leaves only], title: Stuffed Eggplant with Veal and Spinach, picturelink: 481UUG395T29Ch7MBANz0LJgOGJ7bTm}, 16127: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a pot, add the giblets, neck bone, onion and stock. Simmer and cook on low for 20 minutes. Discard the onion and neck bone. Remove the remaining giblets and chop. Place back in the stock and set aside. Strain the oysters over the pot of stock and set aside the oysters.nIn a large bowl, mix all the stuffing cubes with the parsley and set aside.nIn a saute pan on medium heat, add 2 tablespoons butter, celery, onions, sage, thyme and garlic. Season with a pinch of salt and a nice grind of pepper. Cook until the onions and celery are tender, but the garlic is not browned. Remove to the bowl of bread cubes. In the same pan, add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and the oysters. Saute until the edges begin to curl on the oysters. Remove to the bowl of stuffing cubes and stir to combine with everything. Pour the stock over the mixture and stir. This is a wet dressing, so it will be very moist. Pour into a 13by9inch baking dish. Press down to make it compact, and then cover tightly with aluminum foil. Bake for 45 minutes, then raise the temperature to 400 degrees F and bake uncovered until golden brown on top, about 15 minutes more., ingredients: [Turkey or chicken giblets and neck bone, 14 onion wedge, 2 12 cups chicken stock, 16 ounces shucked oysters in their liquor, 4 cups herbed stuffing cubes, 4 cups corn bread stuffing cubes, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 cup chopped celery, 1 cup chopped onion, 12 fresh sage leaves, chopped, 12 sprigs fresh thyme, striped and gently chopped, 4 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mommy Andersons Oyster Dressing, picturelink: null}, 16128: {instructions: Place the mayonnaise, sour cream, yogurt, cream cheese, scallions, dill, parsley, lemon zest, lemon juice, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Puree for a few seconds, until well mixed. Add the cucumber and puree for another few seconds, until combined. Pour into a container and refrigerate for a few hours to allow the flavors to develop., ingredients: [12 cup good mayonnaise, such as Hellmanns, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup plain yogurt, such as Stonyfield, 2 tablespoons cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup chopped scallions, white and green parts 4 scallions, 12 cup minced fresh dill, 14 cup minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup seeded, grated hothouse cucumber], title: Fresh Dill Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16129: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt and mix well. Cut the butter and shortening into small pieces and add to the flour mixture. Using your fingers, work the cold butter and shortening into the flour mixture until it resembles coarse crumbs. Add the egg, the buttermilk, the currants and the caraway seeds and mix into the flour mixture until it is incorporated. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead gently until the dough forms a smooth ball. Place the dough into a lightly greased loaf pan. Score the top of the loaf with a very sharp knife. Brush the top of the loaf with melted butter. Sprinkle with sanding sugar. Place the loaf in the oven and bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 1 egg, beaten, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup currants, 2 tablespoons toasted caraway seeds, 1 tablespoon melted butter, 1 tablespoon sanding sugar], title: Sweet Irish Soda Bread, picturelink: null}, 16130: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small skillet over medium heat, melt butter. Add chopped onions, garlic and tomato paste and sweat them for 5 minutes to soften and sweeten. Sprinkle in sugar and remove from heat. Cool in a bowl, 5 minutes. Add tomato paste mixture, Worcestershire, hot sauce to bowl and combine. Add chicken to the bowl then grill seasoning and combine the burgers well to evenly distribute the flavors and form 4 patties. Wash up.nHeat 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook patties 6 minutes on each side.nCombine the honey, lemon juice, and remaining extravirgin olive oil in a bowl. Add relish, cabbage mix and sliced onions and season with salt and pepper. Toss the slaw to coat and reserve.nServe burgers on bun bottoms topped with slaw and bun tops., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, cut into pieces, 1 small red onion, 12 finely chopped, 12 thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, eyeball it, 1 14 pounds ground chicken, 1 tablespoons grill seasoning recommended: McCormick brand a palm full, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 2 tablespoons honey, eyeball it, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 rounded tablespoons sweet pickle relish, 2 cups shredded cabbage mix, Salt and pepper, 4 cornmeal Kaiser rolls, split], title: BBQ Chicken Burgers with Slaw, picturelink: EJRbiNDtseHxFZwDwzh0QgWZO8QaPO}, 16131: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the canola oil and heat. Add the onion, garlic and ginger and saute, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the cabbage and cook until just starting to wilt, about 2 minutes. Add the soy sauce and rice vinegar and stir well and cook just until cabbage is wilted, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and drizzle with the sesame oil., ingredients: [2 teaspoons canola oil, 1 small onion, sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 1 head napa cabbage, cleaned and sliced, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil], title: StirFry Cabbage, picturelink: s8Xxh168N7nKwGEBPeqvje93nJWwTVq}, 16132: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat with cooking spray the bottom only of a 9 by 13 inch glass cake pan.nFOR CAKE: Set grated zucchini in a mesh strainer over a bowl and lightly press with a spatula to release water. In a large mixing bowl, combine the cake mix, cinnamon, eggs, egg whites, nonfat yogurt, and applesauce. Beat on low speed with an electric mixer for 2 minutes, scraping the sides of the bowl often. Fold in drained grated zucchini. Pour into prepared cake pan.nBake for 45 to 50 minutes or until toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool completely. When cool, invert cake onto a large plate or platter, and cut cake into 12 large squares with a clean, sharp knife.nFOR MOUSSE TOPPING: While cake is baking, combine tofu, pudding mix and cinnamon in a bowl. Using an electric mixer beat on high speed for 2 minutes. Fold in the whipped topping with electric mixer on low speed. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nTo serve, cut each cake square in half diagonally to make 2 triangles. Use a spoon to decorate each plate with chocolate sauce, set 2 cake triangles on each plate, sprinkle generously with confectioners sugar and cocoa powder, and dollop with chocolate mousse., ingredients: [1 large zucchini, finely grated about 2 cups, 1 1pound and 2.25ounce package chocolate fudge cake mix recommended: Betty Crocker Super Moist, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 large egg, 2 large egg whites, 34 cup plain nonfat yogurt, 34 cup applesauce, 1 12ounce package soft silken tofu, 1 3.9ounce package instant chocolate fudge pudding recommended: JellO, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 8ounce package whipped topping recommended: Cool Whip Lite, Garnish: Chocolate sauce, confectioners sugar, cocoa powder], title: Super Moist Chocolate Cake with ChocolateCinnamon Topping, picturelink: we5hKSuGIIYEz8ArKcCb0wuCkmOrFX6}, 16133: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium pot over medium heat, heat the beef broth and drippings. Add the mushrooms and onions. Bring to a simmer, and then stir in the short ribs. Let heat through and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups beef broth, 2 cups drippings, reserved from Holiday Short Ribs, 13 cup mushroom and onions, reserved from Mushroom Walnut Tarts, 1 short rib, reserved from Holiday Short Ribs, meat removed and coarsely chopped], title: Round 2 Recipe  Braised Beef and Mushroom Soup, picturelink: upQAErEfoW.sPgJPpGbrjEqm0QBfV9i}, 16134: {instructions: In a microwavesafe bowl, heat dressing in microwave on HIGH for 30 seconds.nIn a large bowl, combine spinach, artichoke hearts, eggs, and bacon. Pour warm dressing over top and toss to dress salad.nServe immediately., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil and vinegar dressing, 4 cups bagged baby spinach, 1 cup quartered artichoke hearts, 2 hard boiled eggs, sliced, 14 cup crumbled real bacon pieces], title: Warm Spinach Salad with Eggs and Bacon, picturelink: S.MsUG.IiLFfE6ajKBodwgOjjdE0.lS}, 16135: {instructions: Pour enough water about 2 cups into a large wide pot to come 1inch up the sides. Cover and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Add the whole head of cauliflower to the boiling water. Reduce the heat to medium. Cover and steam until a skewer inserts easily into the core of the cauliflower, about 8 minutes. Transfer the cauliflower to the center of a 16 to 20inchdiameter platter. Set aside to cool completely.nArrange the giardiniera, corn, and roasted bell peppers in piles around the cauliflower. Sprinkle the onions and olives over the vegetables. Sprinkle the capers over.nWhisk the oil, vinegar, and black pepper in a medium bowl to blend. Drizzle the vinaigrette over the vegetables, and serve. The salad can be prepared ahead. Cover the salad and refrigerate it overnight. Bring the salad to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [1 2pound head cauliflower, 3 16ounces each jars giardiniera, drained, 1 15ounce can baby corn, drained and rinsed, 1 12ounce jar roasted red bell peppers, drained, 1 7.5ounce jar baby pearl onions, drained, 1 7ounce jar green olives, drained, 1 6ounce jar pitted kalamata olives, drained, 1 4ounce jar capers, drained, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Insalata di Rinforzo, picturelink: null}, 16136: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBreak 3 ounces of the chocolate into pieces and place the pieces in a bowl set over a pan of simmering water. Whisk in the coffee liqueur, water and espresso granules and heat the mixture until the chocolate just melts. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.nPlace the egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on medium speed for 3 minutes, until the mixture is the texture of mayonnaise. Add the cocoa powder and vanilla, and slowly pour in the cooled chocolate mixture.nPut the egg whites and salt in the clean bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat on high speed until the whites form soft not dry peaks. Fold them carefully into the chocolate mixture. In the same bowl no need to clean it beat the heavy cream until it forms soft peaks and fold it carefully into the chocolate mixture. Grate the remaining 4 ounces of chocolate and fold it into the mixture.nPour the mixture into a 10cup souffle dish, cover with plastic wrap and freeze for several hours or overnight.nFor the whipped cream, place the heavy cream, sugar and vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, and whip on medium and then high speed until it reach stiff peaks. Spoon the whipped cream into a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip. Pipe the edge of the mousse with the whipped cream, and sprinkle extra chocolate shavings over the center of the mousse for decoration. Serve frozen., ingredients: [7 ounces bittersweet chocolate, divided, plus extra for decorating, 3 tablespoons coffee liqueur, 3 tablespoons water, 2 teaspoons instant espresso granules, 6 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, separated, 34 cup sugar, 14 cup cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch of kosher salt, 2 cups cold heavy cream, 1 cup cold heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Frozen Mocha Mousse, picturelink: F57xnvwjeB8LkubjxK7san7xdTd2cG}, 16137: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix the egg, egg yolks, and 12 cup of the sugar together on low speed until just combined. Meanwhile, scald the cream in a small saucepan until its very hot to the touch but not boiled. Add the cardamom and mix well. With the mixer on low speed, slowly add the cream to the eggs. Add the framboise and vanilla. Distribute the raspberries among 6 6 to 8  ounce ramekins and then pour the custard mixture into the ramekins until theyre almost full. I use a large glass measuring cup for easy pouring.nPlace the ramekins on a sheet pan and carefully pour hottest tap water into the pan to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, until the custards are just set when gently shaken. Remove the custards from the water bath, cool to room temperature, cover and refrigerate until cold.nTo serve, spread 1 tablespoon of sugar evenly on the top of each ramekin and heat with a kitchen blowtorch until the sugar caramelizes evenly. Allow to sit at room temperature for a minute until the caramelized sugar hardens.n284784Recipe courtesy Ina Garten ., ingredients: [1 extra  large egg, 4 extra  large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, plus 1 tablespoon for each serving, 3 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon cardamom, 2 tablespoons framboise liqueur, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 pint fresh raspberries], title: Raspberry Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 16138: {instructions: Mix together to form the crumbs.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Mix all syrup ingredients together. Add 12 of the crumb mixture. Blend well. Pour into and unbaked pie shell. Sprinkle remainder of crumbs on top. Bake for 1 hour., ingredients: [4 cups flour, 2 cups brown sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 3 tablespoons shortening, 2 cups molasses, 2 beaten eggs, 2 cups hot water, 1 teaspoon baking soda, dissolved in the hot water], title: ShooFly Pie, picturelink: null}, 16139: {instructions: Make the dressing: Whisk the mayonnaise, cornichons and their liquid, mustard, hot sauce, and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl.nPrepare the salad: Halve the shrimp lengthwise. Whisk the egg and 2 tablespoons water in a medium bowl. In another bowl, whisk the flour, Cajun seasoning and 2 teaspoons salt.nHeat about 1 inch of vegetable oil in a deep skillet until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees. A piece of shrimp will sizzle on contact. Dip each shrimp in the egg mixture, then dredge in the flour mixture. Working in batches, fry the shrimp until crisp and golden, turning once, about 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on a papertowellined plate season with salt.nToss the romaine, tomato, onion and bell pepper with the dressing in a large bowl season with salt and pepper. Divide the salad among plates and scatter the shrimp on top.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped cornichons, plus 2 tablespoons of the pickling liquid, 2 teaspoons wholegrain mustard, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 large egg, 1 cup instant flour such as Wondra, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, Kosher salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 romaine hearts, torn into bitesize pieces, 1 medium tomato, chopped, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 green bell pepper, cut into strips, Freshly ground pepper], title: Popcorn Shrimp Salad, picturelink: g2j.paGx404tEBlqtLxIgJwLV2AJe}, 16140: {instructions: Put a large pot of water on to boil for the pasta. When it comes up to a boil, salt the water, drop in the pasta, and cook to al dente.nWhile the pasta is working, season the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat a large nonstick skillet with 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken to the pan and brown lightly on both sides remove to a platter and cover with foil to hold in heat. To the same skillet, add 2 tablespoons more extravirgin olive oil and 1 clove garlic. Cook garlic a minute or so, then remove and add the mushrooms. Let the mushrooms brown evenly and become tender, 8 to 10 minutes.nWhile the mushrooms work, start gravy for pasta. In a deep medium skillet melt 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat. Add a clove of crushed garlic and cook a couple of minutes then remove. Whisk flour and tomato paste into garlic infused butter. Cook the flour a minute or 2 then whisk in the stock. Add rosemary and whisk in tomato paste and Worcestershire sauce. Simmer to thicken, 5 minutes. Season the sauce with salt and pepper, to your taste.nTo the cooked mushrooms, add capers and Marsala and reduce a minute or so. Add 2 tablespoons butter in small bits to finish sauce and shake the pan to incorporate. Slide the chicken back into sauce and warm.nDrain pasta and toss with sauce and a handful of cheese. Serve pasta alongside Chicken Marvalasala. Scatter arugula or spinach across both the chicken and pasta, to garnish., ingredients: [34pound pappardelle pasta wide ribbons, substitute fettuccine if unavailable, Salt, 4 large, thin pieces boneless skinless chicken breast cutlets, Ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 large cloves garlic, crushed, 2 portobello mushroom caps, sliced, 12 shiitakes, stemmed and sliced, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, look for this in a tube its easy to store that way, 1 12 cups chicken stock, eyeball it, 2 tablespoons minced rosemary leaves, a couple of sprigs, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 12 cup Marsala wine, Grated pecorino Romano cheese, A couple handfuls arugula or baby spinach leaves, thinly sliced], title: Chicken Marvalasala and Pappardelle with Rosemary Gravy, picturelink: .bnDEN8CQ.BVVAzisaJJLQkmlZ7VgvC}, 16141: {instructions: Preheat the convection oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine all of the dough ingredients in a large bowl, then cover the bowl with a dishtowel and set aside to rest for about 30 minutes.nCombine the walnuts, Gorgonzola, truffle oil, garlic, salt, and sugar in a small bowl.nRoll the dough out on a lightly floured surface and cut it into 6 equal squares.nPut equal slices of pears and provolone cheese on 1 half of each piece of dough. Top with 2 tablespoons of the walnut mixture. Fold the dough square in half to make a triangle and close the edges by pressing down with your fingers or a fork. Brush each calzone with olive oil and sprinkle with garlic salt.nPut the calzones on a lightly greased cookie sheet. Bake until lightly browned, about 17 minutes. Remove the calzones from the oven and put them on serving plates., ingredients: [2 12 cups bread flour, 1 package active dry yeast, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons finely granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup candied walnuts, 4 tablespoons crumbled Gorgonzola, 2 tablespoons white truffle oil, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 pears, thinly sliced, 4 ounces Provolone cheese, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon garlic salt], title: Pear and Provolone Calzones, picturelink: null}, 16142: {instructions: Trim the sharp tips of the outside artichoke leaves with a sharp knife. Cut off the top of the artichoke about 1inch and remove the stem so that the bottom is flat. Wash the artichoke in cold water and rub all cut surfaces with some of the fresh lemon juice and pulp.nA round slice of lemon may be tied to the bottom of the artichoke to prevent oxidation of the base.nBring water to a boil, add the salt and the remaining pieces of the lemon, rind and all, and place the artichokes base down. Cover the pot and bring the water to the boil again before lowering the heat to a simmer. Cook the artichoke at a steady simmer for 35 to 45 minutes or until a leaf pulls easily free from the center. Allow to cool for 10 minutes in the water, remove cool to room temperature. When cool some of the cooking juices may be drizzled over the top of the artichokes.nIn a stainless steel bowl combine the vinegar, mustard, herbs, salt and pepper and whisk to emulsify. Add the oil in a small steady stream until all the oil has been incorporated and the dressing has achieved a silky, smooth texture. The dressing may be stored, covered, for up to two weeks in the refrigerator, but should be brought to room temperature before using.nServe the artichoke with some vinaigrette on the side as a dip for each leaf or drizzled over the heart., ingredients: [4 extra large globe artichokes, 1 lemon, 2 quarts water, 2 teaspoons salt, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons chopped, fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped, fresh tarragon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat leaf parsley, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil], title: Artichoke Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 16143: {instructions: Bring the chicken broth to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce the heat to medium low, stir in the oats and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender and thickened, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the prosciutto in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, flipping once, until crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a paper towelu00bflined plate to drain.nAdd the olive oil, garlic, 1 teaspoon thyme and the rosemary to the skillet. Reduce the heat to medium and cook until the garlic is lightly toasted, 10 seconds. Stir in the tomatoes and 12 cup water. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is slightly thickened, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper cover to keep warm.nWipe out the skillet and fill halfway with water bring to a gentle simmer over mediumhigh heat. Carefully crack the eggs into the water and cook until the whites are set but the yolks are still runny, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate with a slotted spoon and season with salt and pepper. Top each serving of oats with the tomato sauce and parmesan. Sprinkle with the remaining 1 teaspoon thyme and top with the poached eggs and prosciutto.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup steelcut oats, 8 slices prosciutto one 3ounce package, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 1 15ounce can nosaltadded whole peeled tomatoes, crushed by hand about 2 cups, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 large eggs, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese], title: Savory Oats with Poached Eggs, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 16144: {instructions: About 30 minutes before roasting, bring the chickens to room temperature. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons salt, the white pepper, coriander and fivespice powder in a small bowl rub all over the chickens. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine and tuck the wings under the body.nArrange the chickens breastside up on a rack set on a rimmed baking sheet or in a shallow roasting pan, leaving a bit of space between them. Roast until the skin is slightly golden and crisp, about 1 hour.nMake the glaze: Combine the honey, soy sauce, ginger and sesame oil in a small bowl. Increase the oven temperature to 400 degrees F. Brush the chickens all over including the underside with half of the glaze. Continue roasting, brushing with the remaining glaze halfway through, until the skin is deep golden brown and crisp and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165 degrees F, about 20 more minutes.nRemove the chickens from the oven transfer to a cutting board or platter. Pour the pan drippings into a small bowl skim off any excess fat. Brush the chickens with the pan drippings and let rest 15 minutes. Sprinkle the chickens with the scallions and sesame seeds. Remove the twine and carve the chickens serve with any remaining pan drippings., ingredients: [2 3 to 4pound chickens, giblets removed, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 12 teaspoons fivespice powder, 14 cup honey, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons grated peeled ginger, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, Toasted sesame seeds, for topping], title: SoyGlazed Roast Chicken, picturelink: Pa.9npCb6WvZMjJ5QyYCAgudrFTn3C}, 16145: {instructions: Wash the bones in cold water to remove any scales or unwanted materials, then combine all ingredients in a large pot. Quickly bring just to a boil, then lower the heat to a slow simmer and cook 1 hour.nWhile the stock simmers, skim and discard any coagulated proteins from the fish bones that rise to the surface. Remove from the heat, pour the stock through a finemesh sieve lined with cheesecloth, and then cool as quickly as possible in an ice water bath. Refrigerated and covered, the fish stock should keep well for up to 1 week. The stock can also be kept frozen as long as 6 months., ingredients: [2 pounds fish bones from nonoily fish such as red snapper, flounder, sea bass or sole. Avoid salmon, pompano, and tuna, 1 large onion, peeled and diced, 2 stalks celery, washed and chopped including leaves, 1 leek, split, washed, and sliced, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, leaves and stems, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon white peppercorns, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 quarts water, 12 cup dry white wine, such as Chardonnay], title: Fish Stock, picturelink: null}, 16146: {instructions: Pulse the peppercorns in a spice grinder until coarsely ground. Add the salt and sugar and pulse a few more times. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the olive oil, lemon zest, and garlic. Microwave until hot but not boiling, about 45 seconds. Let cool., ingredients: [1 teaspoon white peppercorns, 1 12 teaspoons coarse sea salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup finely grated lemon zest from 4 large lemons, 2 cloves garlic, smashed], title: LemonPepper Slather, picturelink: null}, 16147: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together and place in an airtight container. Rub on beef, pork, chicken, lamb anything generously and marinate 1 to 5 days, refrigerated, before cooking., ingredients: [1 pound salt, 4 ounces chili powder, 3 ounces black pepper, coarsely ground, 3 ounces black pepper, finely ground, 2 ounces hot paprika, 2 ounces garlic powder], title: Rudy Mikeskas All Purpose Seasoning Rub, picturelink: null}, 16148: {instructions: To make egg white pancakes: Lightly beat egg whites with wheat starch, salt, and pepper until well combined. Heat a nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add some oil and heat. Pour 2 teaspoons of the mixture into the pan, spreading it out into a shape of a circle, while making sure it is as thin as a piece of paper. Repeat with all of the batter.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine chicken, shrimp, mushrooms, fat, scallions, cilantro, water chestnut, white pepper, salt, sesame oil, and oyster sauce. Pulse until all the ingredients are chopped. Remove the leaves from several cilantro sprigs. Blanch sprigs in boiling water for 15 to 30 seconds to soften enough to be able to tie into a knot.nTo make dim sum: Lay out an egg white pancake. Add some of the chicken meatball filling. Fold the pancake around the filling and tie the opening with the softened cilantro. Trim the top of the dumpling. Put the dumplings into a steamer, and cook for about 5 to 10 minutes.nEgg white sauce: heat the water and add the egg white, stirring vigorously, add 1 tablespoon flour and season with salt.nGarnish the dumplings with ground dried Virginia ham or crumbled hardboiled egg yolk mixed with kosher salt and some egg white sauce., ingredients: [4 egg whites, 12 teaspoon wheat starch, 14 teaspoon salt, 116 teaspoon white pepper, Vegetable oil, 12 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast, chopped fine, 6 31 to 35 shrimp per pound size shrimp, peeled, chopped fine, 4 pieces black mushroom, chopped fine, 1 ounce back fat, chopped fine, 13 piece scallions, chopped fine, 2 pieces cilantro, minced, 8 pieces water chestnut, chopped fine, 18 teaspoon white pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 to 12 teaspoon oyster sauce, Cilantro sprigs, 12 cup chicken broth or water, 1 egg white, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, Virginia ham slice, dried and ground into a powder or crumbled hard boiled egg yolk mixed with kosher salt, for decoration], title: Chicken Meatball Dim Sum, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 16149: {instructions: Cooks Note: The potatoes need to sit overnight in the refrigerator, so plan ahead.nPlace potatoes in large pot of cold water to cover and add 4 tablespoons of salt to pot. Slowly bring to a boil and then reduce the heat and simmer until tender. Drain and let cool. Refrigerate potatoes overnight.nThe following day, peel potatoes and grate into a bowl. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons of clarified butter in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the unsalted butter and melt. Add leeks and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add crumbled bacon and set aside.nFor the first Rosti:nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nAdd half of the remaining clarified butter and unsalted butter to a small or medium nonstick saute pan and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add 14 of the potatoes and 12 the leeks and spread evenly over the top. Cover evenly with 14 more of the potatoes. Brown the potatoes for about 5 minutes and then place a plate over the top. Flip the potatoes over, and slide them back into the pan. Brown for another 5 minutes. Sprinkle 12 of the Gruyere over the top and melt. Remove from the pan and place in the oven to keep warm.nFor the second Rosti:nAdd remaining clarified butter and unsalted butter to the saute pan. Repeat the process with the remaining potatoes, leeks, and Gruyere. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 large russet potatoes, 4 tablespoons salt, 4 tablespoons clarified butter or olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 leek, split and sliced, 4 slices bacon, cooked and crumbled, 4 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated, Salt and pepper], title: Rosti, picturelink: XkCr5CiOtHwH9.XQfv8.RwqKOoAxy}, 16150: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the pineapple juice, soy sauce, Marsala wine, brown sugar, sesame oil, garlic, chili powder, and red pepper flakes until the sugar is dissolved. Put the chicken drumettes in a 1gallon size, resealable plastic bag. Add the pineapple liquid to the chicken and seal removing as much air as possible from the bag. Marinate the chicken for 3 hours in the refrigerator.nPut an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil and spray it liberally with vegetable cooking spray.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and arrange in a single layer on the prepared pan. Season the chicken with salt, to taste, and bake until the skin is caramelized and very dark in spots, about 30 to 35 minutes.nMeanwhile, put the marinade into a small saucepan. Whisk in the arrowroot or cornstarch, if using, and bring to a boil over medium heat in order to kill bacteria. Reduce the heat to a low boil and cook until thick, about 5 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes.nUsing a pastry brush, brush some of the cooked marinade over the chicken or pour it into a small bowl and serve on the side. Arrange the chicken on a platter, sprinkle with chopped cilantro and serve., ingredients: [34 cup pineapple juice, 13 cup reducedsodium soy sauce, 14 cup sweet Marsala wine, 14 packed cup light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 to 1 12 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes, 3 pounds chicken drumettes, Vegetable oil cooking spray, Kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons ground arrowroot powder or 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Sweet and Spicy Chicken Drumettes, picturelink: s69TgN5rt272mXHa6rf9IZdbi4FgyYW}, 16151: {instructions: Put all the ingredients into a bowl and whisk until well blended. Refrigerate until ready to serve. May be made 1 week in advance., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 teaspoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay], title: Chesapeake Tartar Sauce, picturelink: wUMjKzeCX9KZxBCUXCO3VL2MMBKN7a}, 16152: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.nUnfold the puff pastry, and cut it into 4 equal squares you dont have to roll the dough out. Arrange the squares, evenly spaced, on the prepared baking sheet. Measure about 14 inch in from one side of each square, and score the dough all down that side almost all the way through with a sharp knife. Repeat with the remaining 3 sides, making sure the cuts meet in the corners youre making a square within a square. Poke each inner square several times with a fork.nBake the dough until puffed and lightly golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool for a few minutes, then press on the center of each puff with the bottom of a measuring cup to make a well. Let cool completely. These shells can be made up to 3 days in advance and stored in an airtight container at room temperature.nCrack 1 egg directly into the well of each pastry shell. Dividing evenly, arrange the tomato halves cutside up on the egg whites. Sprinkle the egg and tomato with salt and pepper. Bake until the egg whites are just set but still slightly jiggly and the yolk is still runny, 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk together the harissa, 1 tablespoon water, 1 teaspoon of the oil and a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Toss the herbs, feta, scallions, lemon juice, the remaining 1 teaspoon oil and a pinch of salt in another small bowl.nDrizzle each baked tart with some of the harissa sauce, and top with a little mound of the herb salad., ingredients: [One 9ounce sheet puff pastry, thawed, 4 large eggs, 8 red andor yellow cherry tomatoes, halved, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoons prepared harissa, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 cup packed fresh parsley andor dill leaves, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 scallion, sliced, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice], title: Kids Can Make: Baked EggandHarissa Tarts, picturelink: Gw3eZE5JNELjkvHNbIKS1TDXu0YiKwS}, 16153: {instructions: Cut goose breast into small chunks, wrap each piece in bacon, and secure with a toothpick. Grill until fully cooked., ingredients: [1 goose breast, Bacon, Toothpicks], title: Goose Breast Wrapped in Bacon, picturelink: null}, 16154: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the steak in the freezer for half an hour to firm the fat.nHeat a griddle or large castiron skillet over high heat for 5 minutes.nRemove the steak to a cutting board and using a long, thin carving knife, cut the steak horizontally think the streets of Manhattan rather than the avenues into 14 to 13inch strips. If wider pieces are desired, cut on bias. Try to use a minimum of back and forth sawing while slicing.nWhen the skillet is hot, quickly sear each slice 20 to 30 seconds per side and remove to a platter. Serve immediately with a sprinkling of sea salt or soy sauce., ingredients: [One 14 to 16ounce kobe or wagyu strip steak, Coarse sea salt or soy sauce to taste], title: GriddleSeared Kobe, picturelink: iwp3lpniV6BivRKhI1T.GVEfnivROu}, 16155: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Spray the grill with vegetable oil cooking spray.nFor the pesto: Pulse the basil, nuts, lemon juice, garlic, lemon zest, salt and pepper until finely chopped in a blender or food processor. With the machine running, gradually add the oil until the mixture is smooth and thick. Add the cheese and pulse until just incorporated. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the skewers: Thread 1 round of zucchini onto a skewer. Thread 1 crumpled piece of prosciutto onto the skewer. Repeat 3 more times ending with a round of zucchini. Each skewer should have 5 rounds of zucchini and 4 pieces of prosciutto. Drizzle the skewers with olive oil and grill, turning occasionally, until the zucchini are tender, about 5 minutes.nBrush the skewers with the pesto, using a pastry brush, and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 2 packed cups fresh basil leaves, 13 cup toasted pine nuts, see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed, Zest of 1 large lemon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup 1 12 ounces grated Parmesan, 3 medium zucchini, trimmed and each cut into ten 12inchthick rounds, Six 18inchthick slices prosciutto, quartered, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Special equipment: Six 6to8inch bamboo skewers soaked in water for 30 minutes to prevent scorching, or 6 metal skewers.], title: Grilled Zucchini and Prosciutto Skewers, picturelink: kt5fdHWv4wEs.Ooukc5ZnJMTFFQYY5W}, 16156: {instructions: Combine the milk, coconut milk and vanilla bean and seeds in a medium nonreactive saucepan bring to a simmer over low heat.nWhisk the egg yolks, sugar and cornstarch together in a large bowl. Slowly whisk the warm milk into the egg mixture. Return the mixture to the pan, set it over medium heat and bring to a boil. Cook, whisking constantly, until thickened. Scrape the mixture into a bowl, remove the vanilla bean and whisk in the rum and vanilla extract. Let the custard cool to room temperature, then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cold, at least 2 hours.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [34 cup whole milk, 34 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 12 vanilla bean, seeds scraped out, bean and seeds reserved, 4 large egg yolks, 13 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 teaspoons coconut rum, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Coconut Custard, picturelink: null}, 16157: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat olive oil in large saute pan over low heat. Add onions and salt and sweat until soft, about 10 minutes. Add garlic and continue cooking for 5 minutes. Add butter to pan and melt. Add mushrooms, and soy sauce, increase heat to medium and continue cooking for 5 to 10 minutes, until mushrooms release their liquid. Add wine and chicken broth and simmer 5 minutes, until wine begins to evaporate. Add wheat berries, rice, thyme, rosemary, and lemon rind to heat through. Adjust seasoning, to taste., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 12 cups onion, chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 pound mushrooms, sliced, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 14 cup red wine, 14 cup chicken broth, 1 12 cups cooked wheat berries, 1 12 cups leftover, cooked rice, 12 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, finely chopped, Pepper and additional salt], title: Mushroom Wheat Berry Pilaf, picturelink: JEunew1ttkC3wJn1y5gT1qOG61gxnVG}, 16158: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nUsing a sharp knife, slash the salmon skin to form crosshatch marks. Stir the spices together in a small bowl, and then rub over the flesh side of the salmon.nHeat the oil in a medium oven proof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Place the salmon, skinside up, and cook until seared and golden, about 3 minutes. Turn the salmon and cook until the skin sizzles and fries, about 1 minute. Transfer the skillet to the oven and continue cooking until the salmon is firm to the touch, about 4 minutes.nTransfer the fillets to 4 plates. Serve with the sauteed greens, if desired., ingredients: [4 6ounce salmon fillets, preferably skin on, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 34 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch cayenne, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Serving Suggestion: Sauteed spinach or other greens], title: Spicerubbed Sauteed Salmon, picturelink: null}, 16159: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 13inch casserole dish.nIn a large saucepan, combine the water, thyme, bay leaf, and salt and bring to a boil over medium heat. Add the chicken and simmer until cooked through, about 15 minutes, depending on thickness of the chicken. Remove the chicken to a cutting board. When cool enough to handle, dice into 12inch cubes and reserve.nReturn the water to a boil, add the wild rice, and cover. Cook over medium heat until the rice grains split, 40 to 45 minutes. Drain the excess water, transfer the rice to a bowl and set aside.nIn a small pot, over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons of butter. When the butter is melted add the brown sugar, cranberries, rosemary, bread crumbs, and a pinch of salt. Stir until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is uniform. Transfer to a bowl and set aside. In a large straightsided saute pan over mediumhigh heat, melt 2 tablespoons butter. Add the mushrooms, onions, and a pinch of salt. Saute until the mushrooms are browned, about 5 minutes. Add the heavy cream and the cinnamon, bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer about 2 minutes to thicken slightly. Add the Gruyere and mix to incorporate. Add the rice and chicken to the pot and stir to combine. Season the mixture with salt and pepper, to taste, then transfer it to the prepared casserole dish. Spread the cranberry mixture evenly over the top of the casserole and bake until golden and bubbling, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve hot., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for casserole dish, 5 cups water, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf 2 tablespoons salt, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 13 cups wild rice, 6 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 cup cranberries, fresh or frozen, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 14 cup bread crumbs, Salt, 5 ounces button mushrooms, quartered, about 2 cups, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 12 cups heavy cream, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups shredded Gruyere cheese, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamy Baked Chicken and Wild Rice Casserole, picturelink: VBpz8ty3eHRxZzVuJc1KfIFIOm592}, 16160: {instructions: Cook 1 12 cups orzo in boiling salted water until al dente reserve 14 cup cooking water, then drain. Toss with 3 tablespoons butter, cup each chopped chives, dill and parsley, and the zest of 1 lemon. Add the reserved pasta cooking water to loosen, if needed. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: LemonHerb Orzo, picturelink: YiMIYwLkSwbrq7t.xfWCr9GQvKExgq}, 16161: {instructions: Trim the mushrooms and cut or tear into 12inch pieces. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook the jalapenos, garlic and shallots until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms and 12 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms release most of their liquid and are tender and browned in places, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the cilantro and lime juice and season with salt and pepper.nLay out the empanada rounds and fill each with 2 tablespoons of the mushrooms. Brush the edge of the rounds with water, and then fold the circles in half. Crimp the edges tightly with a fork, to seal. Refrigerate until ready to fry.nHeat 1 12 inches of oil in a medium pot to 375 degrees F. Working in batches of 2 or 3, fry the empanadas until crisp and golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per batch. Transfer immediately to a paper towellined plate to drain. Return the oil to 375 degrees F between batches., ingredients: [1 pound mixed wild mushrooms, such as hen of the woods, chanterelles, trumpet and shiitake about 8 cups, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced jalapeno, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 medium shallot, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 2 teaspoons lime juice, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 packaged empanada dough rounds, thawed, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Wild Mushroom Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 16162: {instructions: In a bowl combine juice of the lime, ginger, garlic and onion. Add olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place swordfish steak in baking pan and pour marinade over fish. Coat and let sit for 15 to 30 minutes. Remove fish from pan and grill in cast iron pan or on grill for about 3 minutes per side., ingredients: [1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon ginger, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 onion, sliced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound swordfish], title: Marinated Swordfish, picturelink: null}, 16163: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill to medium heat.nMix the meat, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, anise, cayenne pepper, chocolate powder, cumin and turmeric in a large bowl. Form the mixture into burgers and season with salt and pepper.nGrill the burgers to desired doneness and serve on the toasted rolls., ingredients: [10 pounds Angus ground chuck, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, Pinch of ground anise, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Pinch of dark chocolate powder, Pinch of ground cumin, Pinch of turmeric, Himalayan or Hawaiian salt, for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper, 20 quality Kaiser rolls, toasted on grill], title: Terrys Burgers with Turferrific Spices, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 16164: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix the kasha and egg white together in a small bowl until the kasha is well coated. Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the kasha mixture and cook, stirring constantly, until the grains soften and separate and the egg adheres to the grains and dries out, about 3 minutes. Let cool completely.nSpread the hazelnuts out on to a baking sheet and bake until golden and toasted, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and cool. Rub the skins off the nuts with a kitchen towel, then coarsely chop the nuts.nBring 2 cups of water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the kasha, bring back to a boil, reduce the heat to medium low, cover and simmer until most of the water is absorbed and the kasha is tender, about 15 minutes. Spread the grains out on a baking sheet to cool.nWhisk together the vinegar, oil, honey and 34 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the cooled kasha, hazelnuts, carrot, parsley and feta and gently stir to combine. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [34 cup kasha, 1 large egg white, lightly beaten, 14 cup hazelnuts, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon honey, Kosher salt, 1 medium carrot, finely grated, 12 cup loosely packed fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 3 tablespoons crumbled feta cheese], title: Kasha Salad with Hazelnuts and Feta, picturelink: Mrm33PLXznSR10PrceXJWCl.tbbg6zG}, 16165: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the beets: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lay out a large sheet of foil on top of a roasting dish and spread the beets across evenly on the sheet. Drizzle with a little olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Top with another sheet of foil and crimp to seal the edges. Poke holes in the top to allow steam to escape. Place in the oven and roast until the beets are tender, 30 to 45 minutes. Remove from the oven. Allow to cool in the foil pouch before loosening the skins and discarding. Quarter the peeled beets and place in a large bowl.nFor the cherry vinaigrette: Drain the cherries and roughly chop. Whisk together the vinegars including the red wine vinegar from the cherries and cherries while slowly drizzling in the olive oil so it lightly emulsifies. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside until ready to use.nFor the salad: Toss the warm beets with the cherry vinaigrette. Add the kale, pepitas, goat cheese and mint, continuing to toss. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds medium red, golden and striped beets, scrubbed, Extravirgin olive oil, to coat, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup dried cherries reconstituted in 14 cup red wine vinegar for 30 minutes, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup chiffonade of kale leaves, 2 tablespoons pepitas, toasted, 13 cup crumbled goat cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint], title: TriColor Beet Salad with Cherry Vinaigrette, picturelink: WAKKHiYgY0ftUl3HaBsOlBHqg89uURO}, 16166: {instructions: Combine the dipping sauce ingredients in a small bowl set aside.nCombine filling ingredients in a medium bowl mix well. To shape each potsticker, place 1 teaspoon of filling in center of a potsticker wrapper. Brush edges of wrapper with water fold wrapper in half, crimping 1 side, to form a semicircle. Pinch edges together to seal. Cover potstickers with a dry towel to prevent drying.nPlace a wide frying pan over medium heat until hot. Add 1 to 12 tablespoons cooking oil, swirling to coat sides. Add potstickers, half at a time, seam side up. Cook until bottoms are golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Add 13 cup water reduce heat to low, cover, and cook until liquid is absorbed, 4 to 5 minutes. Place potstickers, browned side up, on a serving plate keep warm. Cook remaining potstickers with remaining oil and water.nGarnish potstickers with basil. Serve with dipping sauce., ingredients: [13 cup rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon chili garlic sauce, 2 teaspoons black bean garlic sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 pound lobster meat, coarsely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped bamboo shoots, 1 large egg white, 1 tablespoon shredded basil, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine or dry sherry, 2 teaspoons finely minced ginger, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 30 potsticker wrappers, 3 tablespoons cooking oil, 23 cup water, Basil sprigs, for garnish], title: Lobster Potstickers, picturelink: null}, 16167: {instructions: Place a beer glass in the freezer for at least 30 minutes. Put some crab boil seasoning on a saucer. Rub the edge of the chilled glass with a wedge of lime and dip in the crab boil seasoning.nAdd the tomato juice, lime juice, hot sauce and Worcestershire to the prepared glass. Top with the beer. Stir and garnish with the remaining lime wedge., ingredients: [Crab boil seasoning, such as Old Bay, or celery salt, for rimming glass, 2 lime wedges, 2 ounces tomato juice, 34 ounce lime juice, 2 dashes hot sauce of choice, 2 dashes Worcestershire, One 12ounce Mexican beer], title: Michelada, picturelink: rJ6agD.0PE4axYZc4aiIVbr.kXVBXJy}, 16168: {instructions: Place prawns in a small bowl and marinate with 1 cup of the blood orange sauce for 1 to 2 hours. Place on a hot grill, season with salt and pepper and brush with remaining cup of blood orange sauce. Grill for about 1 to 2 minutes per side or until cooked through.nSimmer blood orange juice over low heat until reduced to 14 cup, stirring occasionally to prevent scorching. Remove from heat and reserve. In a small saucepan, combine shallots and red wine vinegar and reduce over low heat. Add white wine, chicken stock and reduce again. Remove from heat and slowly whisk in olive oil until incorporated. Stir in reserved blood orange syrup, strain sauce and keep warm., ingredients: [16 U10 Santa Barbara Prawns, cleaned, deveined, 2 cups Blood Orange Sauce, recipe follows, Kosher salt, Cracked black pepper, 1 cup blood orange juice about 6 blood oranges, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 cups good chicken stock, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and ground white pepper], title: Grilled Santa Barbara Prawns with Blood Orange Glaze, picturelink: VuD6c68KNdgahb8OchdHGV9fzZycG}, 16169: {instructions: In a large bowl, fold together the turkey, stuffing, corn, drippings and parsley. Pour this into the prepared baking dish and smooth out the top. Cover with the mashed potatoes, making sure to get it completely covered. Bake until the mixture is bubbling and the top is lightly browned, 30 to 35 minutes. Let rest for 5 minutes before serving.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Let the turkey sit at room temperature, covered, for 30 minutes to come to temperature before preparing.nZest and juice the lemon, lime and orange. Reserve the juice for another use and set the rinds aside. Mix the butter with the citrus zest and salt and pepper to taste. Rub the seasoned butter all over the turkey, inside and out, as well as under the skin. Put the citrus rinds and leeks into the cavity. Tie up the legs and put the turkey, breastside up, onto the rack in a roasting pan. Pour 2 cups water into the pan and roast, basting with the pan juices every 15 to 20 minutes. Cook until the internal temperature taken from the thickest part of the thigh is 170 degrees F, 15 to 20 minutes per pound. Remove the turkey from the oven and let it rest for 20 minutes before carving.nCut the bread into large cubes and spread them onto a baking sheet. Leave them uncovered overnight to get stale.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13inch baking dish with 1 tablespoon of the butter.nPut a large skillet over medium heat and add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. When it is melted, add the mushrooms, celery and onions and season with salt and pepper. Cook until all the vegetables have softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Let cool for a few minutes.nIn a large bowl, combine the bread, cooked vegetables and water chestnuts. Toss to combine. In a separate bowl, whisk the eggs with the broth, parsley, soy sauce and citrus juices. Fold into the bread mixture. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. If the mixture seems too dry, add more broth or a little water. Spread the mixture into the prepared baking dish. Can be covered and refrigerated overnight until you are ready to bake. Let it come to room temperature first.nCover the pan with foil and put it into the oven for 20 to 25 minutes. Uncover and cook until the top is browned, about another 20 minutes. Let rest for 5 minutes before serving.nPeel the potatoes and cut them into 1inch pieces. Put them into a large pot of cold water. Add a big pinch of salt and put the pot over high heat. When it comes to a boil, cook until the potatoes are just cooked through, about 20 minutes.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, slice the leeks into small pieces and thoroughly wash to remove any dirt. Put a medium skillet over mediumlow heat and add 2 tablespoons butter. When the butter is melted, add the leeks and season with salt and pepper. Cook the leeks until they are very soft, being careful not to let them color or burn, about 20 minutes.nDrain the potatoes in a colander. Then put the potatoes back into the pot and let the potatoes dry out a bit while you finish the leeks.nIn a small pot over low heat, add the milk, the remaining 4 tablespoons butter, garlic and thyme and warm it up. Strain the garlic and thyme from the warm milk and stir the milk into the potatoes using a wooden spoon. Mash with a potato masher, breaking up the big lumps. Stir in the melted leeks, taste and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 12 cups chopped roasted turkey, such as Triple Citrus Buttered Turkey, recipe follows, 1 cup Country Bread Stuffing, One 10ounce package frozen corn, thawed, 12 cup pan drippings, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 2 cups Leek Mashed potatoes, warmed, recipe follows, One 12 to 14pound frozen turkey, thawed, 1 lemon, 1 lime, 1 orange, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 leeks, green parts only, 1 loaf country wheat bread, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, One 8ounce package sliced fresh mushrooms, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 8ounce can sliced water chestnuts, drained and rinsed, 2 large eggs, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 lime, juiced, 1 orange, juiced, 4 pounds russet potatoes, Kosher salt, 2 leeks, white parts only, 6 tablespoons butter, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup milk, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 sprigs fresh thyme], title: Round 2 Recipe  Thanksgiving Pie, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 16170: {instructions: You need a heavybottomed frying pan. If it is large, make two frittate. If it is smaller, make four.nIf you have no leftover risotto, cook the rice in double the quantity of boiling salted water for 10 minutes and drain. Stir all the other ingredients except for the butter into the cooked rice or risotto.nFor each frittata, melt 18 stick of butter in the pan. Put in enough rice mixture to make a flat, even pizzalike round. Cook on a very low heat, turning the pan round slowly clockwise so that it cooks evenly. When the bottom has turned crisp and golden, cover the pan with a large plate, invert it to turn out the frittata, add more butter to the pan, and cook the other side the same way. Dont get tempted to hurry the procedure. The end result will be worth your patience., ingredients: [Leftover risotto, or 1 23 cups Carnaroli rice or Vialone nano or Arborio, Generous 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 eggs, beaten, 6 tablespoons fresh tomato sauce, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley, 4 basil leaves, Salt and black pepper, 14 to 12 stick butter for frying], title: Frittata di Riso Rice Omelet, picturelink: null}, 16171: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients, except the potatoes, in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place warm potatoes in a large bowl and pour the mixture over potatoes and mix well. Season again with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 12 cups prepared mayonnaise, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons chipotle pepper puree, 1 large ripe tomato, seeded and diced, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 3 scallions, chopped, white and green parts, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 new potatoes, about 3 to 4 pounds, cooked, drained and sliced 12inch thick], title: Mesa Grills Southwestern Potato Salad, picturelink: HYYw0DwvZmKEDSYo14SQ9Is9P1CrTFa}, 16172: {instructions: Stir the soups, milk, thyme, black pepper, vegetables and chicken in a 3quart shallow baking dish. Top with the stuffing.nBake at 400 degrees F for 25 minutes or until the stuffing is golden brown.nUse a combination of cut green beans and sliced carrots., ingredients: [1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Celery Soup Regular or 98 Fat Free, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Potato Soup, 1 cup milk, 14 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, crushed, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 cups cooked cutup vegetables , 2 cup cubed cooked chicken OR turkey, 4 cups prepared Pepperidge Farmu00ae Herb Seasoned Stuffing], title: Country Chicken Casserole, picturelink: vA7ULpU7ZwcMTDVtDrPxuueL5lSExTO}, 16173: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nUnroll pie crusts onto a flat surface. Top each quadrant of crust with 12 cup of beef, 14 cup of cheese and about a tablespoon of chiles, making even layers and spreading ingredients to within 12inch of the edges. Top with second pie crust. Using a pastry cutter or sharp knife, make an X across the circle, making 4 equal sections. Pinch around the edges with a fork to seal.nTransfer empanadas to a baking sheet and make small slits in the top of each one to allow steam to escape during cooking. Bake 8 to 10 minutes, until crust is golden brown., ingredients: [2 9inch refrigerated pie crusts, 2 cups cooked shredded beef, 1 cup shredded Monterey jack cheese, 1 4ounce can diced green chiles], title: Green Chile Beef Empanadas, picturelink: DT6up7kocLQIe07Si97knX.jZt0qMoa}, 16174: {instructions: For the cake: Mix sugar and shortening until creamy. Add egg yolks and bananas, beat thoroughly. Dissolve soda in sour milk. Sift flour, baking powder and salt. Mix alternately. Add vanilla. Beat egg whites until stiff and fold into batter. Pour into a buttered 9inch round cake. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 40 minutes.nFor the icing: Cream the sugar, shortening and butter until light and fluffy. Cook vanilla pudding with milk until very thick. Cool and add to butter mixture. Mix with electric mixer at high speed for 15 minutes or until it is not grainy. Add 1 teaspoon vanilla. Ice the cake with the icing., ingredients: [1 12 cup sugar, 12 cup solid vegetable shortening, 2 eggs, separated, 2 or 3 bananas, mashed, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup sour milk or buttermilk, 2 14 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup solid vegetable shortening, 12 cup butter, 1 large package vanilla pudding, not instant, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Banana Cake, picturelink: i1DhtDdhJy3VU2ubxP8XrW4a06vB7nu}, 16175: {instructions: Toss 2 sliced sweet onions with 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup water, and salt and pepper in a baking dish. Cover roast at 425 degrees F until tender, 25 minutes. Toss 1 cup croutons and 12 cup grated gruyere with some parsley, olive oil, salt and pepper sprinkle over the onions and bake 5 more minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: French Onions, picturelink: ek7KkR9a8BUL0bNlh9iIov0SDjC1ju}, 16176: {instructions: In a 1quart nonreactive saucepan, over medium high heat, reduce the tangerine juice to about 34 cup. Add the lemon juice. Remove from the heat and strain with a fine sieve.nReturn to saucepan, and reduce until the mixture bubbles and has a syruplike consistency. You should have about 14 cup. Remove from the heat and strain again. Let cool to room temperature. Add the olive oil and salt. Refrigerate for up to 1 12 weeks.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace beets in a baking pan, drizzle with the oil, and season with salt. Cover with foil. Bake for about 1 hour, or until tender when pierced with a knife.nWhen cool enough to handle, peel them, slice thinly into round, and place in a dish.nRemove wedge of blue cheese from the freezer. Using a microplane grater, grate the desired amount over the top of the beets. Garnish with almonds as desired.nBlanch 1 cup almonds in boiling water, until the skins peel off.nIn an ovenproof skillet, heat 2 tablespoons butter, and add the peeled almonds. Sprinkle with Napastyle spice rub, and toss to coat. Place skillet in the oven and bake for about 6 to 7 minutes, or until light brown.nToast the fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns in a small, heavy pan over medium heat. When the fennel turns light brown, work quickly. Turn on the exhaust fan, add the red pepper flakes, and toss, toss, toss, always under the fan. Immediately turn the spice mixture out onto a plate to cool. Put in a blender with the chili powder, salt, and cinnamon and blend until the spices are evenly ground. If you have a small spice mill or a coffee grinder dedicated to grinding spices, grind only the fennel, coriander, pepper, and chile flakes. Pour into a bowl and toss with the remaining ingredients. Chefs Note: Toasting freshens spices, releases their oils, and makes them more fragrant, as well as adding a new dimension of flavor. Keep the spice mix in a glass jar in a cool, dry place, or freeze. Taste your chili powder and, if spicy and hot, cut back the amount. California chiles are almost sweet, not hot.nYield: about 1 cup, ingredients: [2 cups tangerine juice, or orange juice, 1 12 teaspoons lemon juice, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Pinch gray salt, 3 medium yellow beets about 1 pound, stems removed, 3 medium red beets about 1 pound, stems removed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups baby leaf spinach, 14 pound whole piece blue cheese, frozen, Napastyle Toasted Spice Rub Almonds, recipe follows, 1 cup almonds, 3 tablespoons Napa Style spice rub, recipe follows, 14 cup fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon peppercorns, 1 12 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 14 cup 1 ounce pure California chile powder, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon], title: Roasted Beet Salad with Grated Blue Cheese, picturelink: null}, 16177: {instructions: Heat a grill pan or outdoor grill to medium heat. To roast the corn, rub the shucked ears of corn with 12 teaspoon olive oil, reserving the remaining oil to dress the salad. Place the corn on the grill and cook, turning often, until the corn is slightly charred and still crisp, 8 to 10 minute. Remove from the heat and cool briefly.nCut the kernels off the cob and place in a large bowl. Two cobs of corn should yield 1 12 to 2 cups of kernels. Add the cucumber, tomatoes, red onion, remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, red wine vinegar, smoked paprika and salt and pepper, to taste. Toss to combine., ingredients: [2 ears corn, shucked, 1 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon olive oil, divided, 1 cup seeded and diced English cucumber, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 14 cup finely diced red onion, 1 12 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 34 teaspoon smoked paprika, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Corn and Cucumber Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 16178: {instructions: Put vinegar in a medium saucepan over high heat, bring to a boil and reduce until thick and syrupy. Stir in the honey and coarsely ground black pepper and transfer to a bowl. Can be made 1 day in advance and refrigerated and brought to room temperature before using.nHeat the grill to high.nBrush both sides of the eggplant with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the eggplant on the grill and grill until golden brown and slightly charred, about 4 minutes. Turn over and continue grilling until just cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes longer.nTransfer 8 slices of the eggplant to a flat surface and top each slice with a slice of cheese and 2 basil leaves and season with salt and pepper. Repeat, making 4 stacks, each with 3 slices of eggplant and 2 slices of cheese. Carefully return the stacks to the grill and grill for 2 minutes, or until the cheese is slightly melted. Remove the stacks to a large dinner plate and drizzle with some of the balsamicblack pepper glaze. Garnish with some of the chopped basil., ingredients: [2 cups balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 14 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 3 medium eggplants, sliced 14inch thick you will need 12 equal slices, 13 cup pure olive oil, 8 14inch thick slices Manchego cheese, Salt, 16 fresh basil leaves, plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil], title: Grilled Eggplant and Manchego Cheese Salad with Fresh Basil and BalsamicBlack Pepper Glaze, picturelink: DYhD4uwoLHOpWkr.hqlqVVGNaGVNaUu}, 16179: {instructions: Make the gravy: Melt the butter with the vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Sprinkle in the flour and cook, whisking, until smooth and deep golden brown, about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in the milk and simmer, whisking to remove any lumps, until the gravy thickens, 4 to 6 minutes. Add 2 to 3 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Cover and remove from the heat.nMake the steak: Place the steaks between 2 pieces of heavyduty plastic wrap and pound to 18 inch thick with a mallet or heavy skillet. Season generously with salt and pepper. Whisk the flour, baking powder and 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a shallow bowl. In another shallow bowl, whisk the milk and eggs. One at a time, dredge each steak in the flour mixture, dip in the egg mixture, then return to the flour mixture, pressing firmly to coat. Transfer the breaded steaks to a rack.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Set another rack on a rimmed baking sheet. Heat about 1 inch of vegetable oil in a castiron skillet or Dutch oven over high heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. One at a time, fry the steaks until golden brown, turning once, about 5 minutes return the oil to 350 degrees F between each steak. Transfer the finished steaks to the rack on the baking sheet and keep warm in the oven while you make the rest.nMeanwhile, reheat the gravy. Stir in some water, 1 tablespoon at a time, if the gravy is too thick. Drizzle the fried steak with the gravy and top with scallions.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups whole milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 beef cube steaks 1 12 to 2 pounds total, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup whole milk, 2 large eggs, Vegetable oil, for frying, Sliced scallions, for topping optional], title: ChickenFried Steak With Cream, picturelink: C3o9nCPK0Iez7GvPMrAVPwN7lzQXEZy}, 16180: {instructions: Thinly slice the apples. Toss with the lemon juice in a large bowl.nMake the dressing: Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and 12 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 8 minutes. Whisk in the vinegar and mustard remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Whisk in the sour cream and 14 cup water.nAdd the dressing to the bowl with the apples. Add the ham, watercress and endives. Season with salt and pepper and toss to coat.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 crisp apples such as Cortland, Juice of 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 shallots, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons dijon mustard, 14 cup sour cream, 12 pound delisliced Black Forest ham, torn into pieces, 2 bunches watercress, trimmed, 4 endives, sliced crosswise, Freshly ground pepper], title: AppleandHam Salad, picturelink: 8ZSWoXE1j7h6aXhbbQFRGCCg7brGmm}, 16181: {instructions: Tear frisee into bitesize pieces and put in a large bowl. If using slab bacon, cut lengthwise into 14inchthick slices. Cut bacon slices crosswise into 14inchthick sticks lardons.nIn a heavy skillet cook bacon over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until golden and remove skillet from heat.nHave ready another skillet with 1inch warm water. Halffill a 4quart saucepan with water and stir in white vinegar. Bring liquid to a bare simmer. Break each egg into a teacup. Slide 1 egg into simmering liquid and immediately push white around yolk with a slotted spoon, moving egg gently. Egg will become oval, with yolk completely covered by white. Add remaining 3 eggs in same manner. Simmer eggs about 1 12 minutes for runny yolks to about 3 minutes for firm yolks. Serving this salad with runny, not fully cooked yolks may be of concern if there is a problem with salmonella in your area. Immediately transfer eggs to skillet of warm water. Reheat bacon in its skillet over moderate heat. Add shallot and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add redwine vinegar and boil 5 seconds. Immediately pour hot dressing over frisee and toss with salt and pepper to taste. Divide salad among 4 plates and top with drained poached eggs. Season eggs with salt and pepper and serve salad immediately., ingredients: [12 pound frisee French curly endive, 6 ounces slab bacon or thickcut bacon slices, 2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 4 large eggs, 2 tablespoons chopped shallot, 3 tablespoons redwine vinegar], title: Frisee Salad with Lardons and Poached Eggs, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 16182: {instructions: Put the vinegar, soy sauce, sugar, peppercorns, red pepper, garlic, bay leaves and 12 cup water in a large resealable plastic bag. Close and shake to combine the ingredients and dissolve the sugar.nOpen the bag, add the chicken and reseal shake to distribute the marinade around the chicken. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight.nAdjust an oven rack to the top position and preheat the broiler. Line a baking sheet with foil.nPour everything from the bag into a large Dutch oven or pot and arrange the chicken in a single layer. Bring to a boil over high heat cover, adjust the heat to low and cook, turning the drumsticks occasionally, until the chicken is tender and registers 165 degrees F in the deepest part of the leg, 25 to 30 minutes. Uncover the pot and transfer the chicken to the prepared baking sheet.nIncrease the heat and bring the remaining liquid in the pot to a boil. Cook until reduced and just slightly thinner than maple syrup, 7 to 9 minutes. Strain the sauce and discard the solids.nMeanwhile, broil the chicken until browned in spots, turning once, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a shallow bowl and pour the sauce over. Sprinkle with the scallions and serve with rice., ingredients: [23 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, Large pinch crushed red pepper, 4 garlic cloves, crushed, 2 bay leaves, 8 chicken drumsticks 2 12 to 2 34 pounds total, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, Cooked rice, for serving], title: Chicken Adobo, picturelink: jpOYVkH1FjfRHUQQZvbXebMjkE7.X1O}, 16183: {instructions: To temper the chocolate, place it over simmering water, melting it to 115 to 120 degrees F on a chocolate thermometer. Turn off the heat, remove the bowl from the simmering water, and let cool, stirring until it reaches 82 to 86 degrees F. It will begin to set a little around the edges at this point. Return the bowl to the hot now turned off water for a few seconds at a time, until it reaches 88 to 91 degrees F. Do not let it go over 91 degrees F, or it will go out of temper.nFit a pastry bag with a small tip that has a 18inch opening. Fill the bag with tempered chocolate and, onto a silpat, or parchment lined baking sheet, pipe small disks about 34inch in diameter. Shake on the sprinkles and allow them to set up at room temperature. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [1 pound chocolate, tempered, 1 jar colored sprinkles], title: Nonpareils, picturelink: null}, 16184: {instructions: Boil 14 cup white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons water, 12 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Pour over 1 thinly sliced shallot cool. Whisk in 1 teaspoon dijon mustard and 13 cup olive oil. Toss 10 cups mixed greens with dressing to taste and season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate leftover dressing for up to 3 days.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [], title: Green Salad With Shallot Dressing, picturelink: R.0qPcCDOlMmBclNFRDjMsSouYmR4K}, 16185: {instructions: In a large serving bowl, toss together the lettuce leaves, bell peppers, sugar snaps, asparagus, broccoli, cauliflower, radish, scallion, and carrot and season with salt and pepper to taste. Lightly dress with the salad dressing. Season the tomato wedges with salt and pepper and arrange around the inside edge of the bowl. Serve., ingredients: [3 cups loosely packed mixed torn greens, such as romaine, red or green leaf lettuce, Bibb or Boston leaves, washed and dried, 12 red bell pepper, seeded, halved, and thinly sliced, 12 yellow bell pepper, seeded, halved, and thinly sliced, 8 sugar snaps peas, blanched or steamed, 8 asparagus, blanched or steamed, chopped, 5 broccoli florets, blanched or steamed, quartered, 4 cauliflower florets, blanched or steamed, quartered, 3 radishes, trimmed and quartered, 2 scallions, white and green parts, chopped, 1 medium carrot, grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Salad dressing of your choice, such as blue cheese, misosesame, poppy seed, and thousand island, 1 large beefsteak tomato, cut into 8 wedges], title: Mixed Garden Salad for Two, picturelink: null}, 16186: {instructions: In a blender combine yolks, pepper and 1 tablespoon lemon juice. In a small saucepan heat the clarified butter until bubbling hot. Cover the blender and blend the yolk mixture on high speed for several seconds. Either remove center cap of blender lid or carefully remove lid with blender still running. Pour hot clarified butter in a thin stream into whirring egg mixture. As sauce thickens add a tablespoon of hot water at a time to help prevent the sauce from thickening too much. Taste the sauce and adjust the seasoning with lemon juice, salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 egg yolks, see below, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 to 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 sticks unsalted butter, clarified, Hot water, to thin sauce accordingly], title: Blender Hollandaise Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16187: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F.nLine a baking tray with parchment paper. Pulse the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a food processor, until fully combined. Add the butter and continue pulsing until it is roughly combined. There will still be lumps of butter. Tip the mixture into a bowl, and stir in the 2 eggs and cream with a knife. Gently mix in the blueberries with your hands.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and press it into a 6 by 6inch square pan. Cut the pastry into quarters, then halve each quarter. Place the pan onto the prepared baking tray and brush the scones with the egg and milk glaze. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until golden. Serve warm with butter, if you like., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more as needed, 1 tablespoon caster sugar superfine, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 1 pinch salt, 3 12 ounces 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled and cubed, 2 eggs, lightly whisked, plus 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon milk, for glazing, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup fresh or frozen blueberries, tossed lightly in flour], title: Blueberry Breakfast Scones, picturelink: null}, 16188: {instructions: Bring water with salt to a boil in a 2quart heavy saucepan and stir in rice. Cover pan and reduce heat to low, then cook until water is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Stir in milk and sugar and cook over very low heat, covered, until mixture resembles a thick soup, 50 minutes to 1 hour.nWhisk together egg, egg whites, vanilla, cardamom, and a pinch of salt. Whisk about 1 cup hot rice mixture into egg mixture, then stir mixture into remaining rice. Cook over low heat do not let boil, whisking constantly, until an instantread thermometer registers 170 degrees F and thick, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in raisins and cherries.nTransfer pudding to a 1quart dish and chill, its surface covered with waxed paper, until cool but not cold, 1 to 2 hours.nEach serving contains about 192 calories and 2 grams fat., ingredients: [1 cup water, 14 teaspoon salt, plus a pinch, 12 cup longgrain white rice, 3 cups 1 percent fat milk, 13 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 2 large egg whites, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 18 teaspoon ground cardamom, 13 cup golden raisins, 13 cup dried tart cherries], title: Dried Cherry and Raisin Rice Pudding, picturelink: null}, 16189: {instructions: Oil a grill or grill pan and preheat it to 400 degrees F.nSteam pastrami and sauerkraut together in a double boiler. Place tortillas on hot grill and divide half of the Swiss on top of the tortillas. Cook until cheese is melted. Divide the pastrami and sauerkraut mixture evenly on top of the melted cheese. Squirt Russian dressing evenly over each tortilla. Divide the remaining Swiss among the tortillas. Fold tortillas in half and cook until cheese is melted. Transfer to a cutting board and cut into wedges. Serve immediately.nMix all ingredients together in a bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Transfer to a squirt bottle before using on tortillas., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for grill, 16 ounces sliced pastrami, 8 ounces sauerkraut, drained, 4 6inch flour tortillas, 6 ounces imported shredded Swiss cheese, 6 ounces Russian dressing, recipe follows, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup minced green onions, 2 tablespoons drained and chopped capers, Dash hot sauce], title: Pastrami Reuben Melt, picturelink: null}, 16190: {instructions: Mix all dry ingredients together. Add 8 ounces of the warm water and mix just until blended. Add the remaining water, a little at a time, until a soft, but not sticky, dough develops. Cover and allow to rest at room temperature for 30 minutes.nTear into 2ounce balls and roll out flat to about 10 inches in diameter and 14inch thick. Heat the corn oil in a heavybottomed pot or deep fryer to 350 degrees F. Gently place the pieces of dough in the corn oil and cook on each side until golden brown.nWhen done, carefully remove the flat breads from the oil and drain on absorbent paper towels., ingredients: [13 ounces flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons dry milk powder, 10 fluid ounces warm water, Corn oil, as needed], title: Indian Flat Bread, picturelink: null}, 16191: {instructions: Ask your butcher to debone the saddle of pork for you. Wash the kidneys thoroughly and slice them in half lengthwise. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place a meat platter to heat in the warming oven.nRemove the rind from the lower flaps or breast. Score the remaining top rind with a sharp knife in long diagonal strokes, both ways in order to form diamonds. Place the saddle flat on the board inside up and season generously with freshly ground salt and black pepper and thyme. Place the kidneys on top and roll up firmly. Tie securely with string every 2 inches. Place the saddle on a roasting pan and season the outside with salt and white pepper. Drizzle clarified butter across the meat.nRoast the saddle in a preheated 375 degree oven for 3 hours and 20 minutes. No basting is required. The saddle has its own fat to keep it moist. Remove the saddle to a cutting board and cut off the string. Cut the rind down the center and run a carving knife under rind and remove. Cut the crispy rind into serving size pieces, if desired. Put on the warm meat platter and carve.nRecommended Drink: A good dry white Burgundy or a cool but excellent Rose., ingredients: [10 pounds saddle of pork 6 ribs cut short on flap or skirt, 3 pork kidneys, Pinch thyme, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground black pepper, White pepper, Butchers twine, Clarified butter], title: Carre de Porc Farci, picturelink: null}, 16192: {instructions: For the salad: In a small bowl, combine the onions, celery leaves, and oil and toss well to coat. Season the salad, to taste, keeping cold until plating.nFor the sauce: In a small saucepan over medium heat, cook the pomegranate juice, vinegar, and sugar for 10 to 12 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, add the cinnamon, and cook for an additional 4 to 5 minutes, allowing the sauce to thicken to almost a syrup consistency. Once reduced, remove the sauce from the heat, whisk in the butter, allowing the butter to fully incorporate into the sauce. Hold at room temperature.nFor the duck: Place the duck breasts on a cutting board, skinside down, and slice from top to bottom into 6 or 7 18inch thick slices. Season with salt and pepper on both sides, then thread each slice onto a 10inch wooden skewer in a ribbon fashion. Heat the oil in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat until wisps of smoke appear. Season the duck again with salt and pepper and add to the hot pan, searing on each side for 2 minutes, cooking in batches if necessary.nTo serve: Place 2 skewers of duck sate over a bed of salad and drizzle with the pomegranate sauce., ingredients: [14 cup red onion, peeled, halved, and thinly sliced, 12 cup celery leaves, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup pomegranate juice, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 4 to 6ounce duck breasts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil], title: Duck Sate with Pomegranate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16193: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, heat the milk and vanilla bean to a boil over medium heat. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse for 10 minutes. In a bowl, whisk the egg yolks and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Add the cornstarch and whisk vigorously until no lumps remain. Whisk in 14 cup of the hot milk mixture until incorporated. Whisk in the remaining hot milk mixture, reserving the empty saucepan.nPour the mixture through a strainer back into the saucepan. Cook over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and slowly boiling. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter. Pour into individual dessert dishes and chill. Chill at least 2 hours or until ready to serve. The custard can be made up to 24 hours in advance. Cover with plastic wrap if you are keeping it longer than that.nRaspberry Mash: Place 14 of a pint of raspberries in a bowl with the sugar and mash it with the back of a fork. Toss in the remaining 14pint of raspberries and gently toss to coat.nWhip the cream with the sugar and serve on the custard and mash., ingredients: [2 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 6 egg yolks, 23 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup cream, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 pint raspberries, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Vanilla Custard with Raspberry Mash, picturelink: null}, 16194: {instructions: To prepare in a slow cooker: Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and celery and cook until the onions are soft and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, 45 to 60 seconds. Transfer to a slow cooker. Add the diced tomatoes and tomato sauce. Fill the tomato sauce can with water and add to the cooker, as well. Add the chicken, pork, corn, butterbeans and potatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Turn the cooker on high and cook for 4 hours, or cook on low for 8 hours. Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper.nTo prepare on the stove: Heat the oil in a large heavyduty pot over medium heat. Add the onions and celery and cook until the onions are soft and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, 45 to 60 seconds. Add the diced tomatoes and tomato sauce. Fill the tomato sauce can with water and add to the pot, as well. Add the chicken, pork, corn, butterbeans and potatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to simmer and cook uncovered, stirring often, until the potatoes and butterbeans are tender and the mixture is thick, about 45 minutes. Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, very finely chopped, Two 28ounce cans lowsodium diced tomatoes, One 15ounce can lowsodium tomato sauce, One 2pound roast or BBQ chicken, meat coarsely shredded skin and bones discarded, 1 pound chopped or pulled BBQ pork, Scraped kernels from 4 ears fresh sweet corn about 2 cups or 2 cups frozen corn, defrosted, 1 12 cups frozen butterbeans, defrosted, 2 Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Slow Cooker Brunswick Stew, picturelink: Hau7nwfvyOEwZXzbctDUXVkbv3ja7LO}, 16195: {instructions: With a sharp knife, score the fat of the duck breast in a crisscross pattern, being careful to not cut into the meat. Season the duck with salt and pepper. Warm a castiron or heavybottomed pan over mediumlow heat and add enough oil to just coat the bottom of the pan.nPlace the duck breast fatside down in the skillet to render off the fat, about 8 minutes. Once the fat has rendered out and the skin is golden brown and crisp, turn the duck breast over and add the butter, thyme and garlic. Turn up the heat to mediumhigh and, once the butter is foamy, begin basting the duck breast using a spoon. Continue basting until the duck breast reaches medium rare and measures 135 to 140 degrees F. on an instantread thermometer, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the pan and let rest for 3 to 4 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [One 4ounce Pekin duck breast see Cooks Note, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Grapeseed or vegetable oil, for frying, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 cloves garlic], title: Seared Duck Breast, picturelink: ycmtIkvg3mefGme6hsFLLPU7aNAT9q}, 16196: {instructions: Set aside or prepare the stock.nChar and blister the chile peppers by placing over a burner, an open flame or under a broiler, and turning until black. Place the charred peppers in a small bowl and cover until cool enough to handle. Peel and seed the peppers and add them to a food processor. Meanwhile, lightly toast nuts and add to the processor bowl. Add the cilantro, spicy greens, marjoram, garlic, cumin, lime juice, a splash of stock, salt, and pepper, then pour in about 14 cup extravirgin olive oil and pulse the processor to form the pesto sauce. Place in a container, cover, and store in the refrigerator for a makeahead meal.nTo serve, place the pesto in the bottom of a large serving bowl. Heat a large pot of water to a boil for pasta, salt the water and cook pasta to al dente. Just before draining, add a ladle of starchy cooking water to the pesto, drain the pasta and add the hot pasta to the serving bowl and toss 1 to 2 minutes, serve immediately with grated Manchego on top.nPlace the cheese rind, herb bundle, onion, celery, carrots, lemon rind, bay leaves, chicken stock, and water into a pot and bring to a bubble, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Simmer at least 1 hour, and then remove the rind, herb bundle, and vegetables with a slotted spoon or strainer., ingredients: [About 13 cup Parmigiano and HerbFortified Stock, recipe follows, 3 Fresno chile peppers, 14 cup pistachio nuts or sliced almonds, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves or fresh flatleaf parsley, packed, 1 cup arugula or other spicy greens, packed, A couple sprigs fresh marjoram or oregano, leaves picked, 2 cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped, 1 teaspoon cumin, 13 palmful, Juice of 1 lime, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, About 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound rice flour, whole grain or whole wheat spaghetti, Grated Manchego cheese, for garnish, 1 large rind trimmed from a hunk of ParmigianoReggiano cheese or a few small pieces rind perhaps savedup, Herb bundle of several sprigs each fresh thyme, parsley and rosemary, tied, 1 onion, quartered, 2 ribs celery, sliced on angle, 2 carrots, sliced on angle, Peeled rind of 1 lemon, 2 fresh bay leaves, 4 cups chicken stock, 12 cups 3 quarts water], title: MexicanStyle Pesto With Rice or Whole Grain Pasta, picturelink: U4r4.0dxX220SVsS1KSVtvKGLt4TFKO}, 16197: {instructions: Place broccolini in a large bowl. Add 1 cup water and tuck lemon peels in and around the broccolini. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave for 5 minutes. Remove from the microwave, drain and add a little salt., ingredients: [1 12 pounds broccolini, washed, chopped, 1 cup water, 4 strips lemon peel, Salt], title: LemonScented Broccolini, picturelink: null}, 16198: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil, salt it generously and cook the pasta for 8 minutes add the asparagus, carrot and snap peas and cook for 3 minutes. Check the pasta and vegetables to make sure theyre cooked through but still have texture, then drain.nWhile the pasta is cooking, heat the olive oil in a large saute pan, add the ham and shallot and cook until lightly browned, 3 minutes or so. Add the garlic and pepper flakes and cook until fragrant, 1 minute. Add the cream, stock and mustard and simmer for a minute or two, scraping up any brown bits.nAdd the pasta and vegetables to the pan. Toss and cook for another 2 minutes, until cooked through and the pasta is coated. Taste for seasoning, add salt if necessary and serve immediately in warm bowls.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound penne or farfalle, 1 pound asparagus spears, stems trimmed, cut into 1 12inch lengths, 1 large carrot, cut into matchsticks, 1 cup snap peas, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces sliced prosciutto, jamon iberico or other highquality ham, diced, 1 large shallot, sliced 18 inch thick, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup chicken stock, preferably homemade or lowsodium storebought, 3 tablespoons dijon mustard], title: Primavera With Prosciutto, Asparagus and Carrots, picturelink: 0Oe6PLmYDaBIplj34.9uL2R7ay6gd.}, 16199: {instructions: Dredge both sides of the swordfish in blackening spice. Heat a heavy, castiron skillet over high heat until it is smoking hot.nAdd the swordfish and cook for 3 minutes. Turn over and cook for 3 minutes more. Warm the crab hash in saute pan, turning to warm throughout. Place warm Voodoo Sauce on a plate and top with sweet potato crab hash. Top with swordfish. Top with tomato and scallion garnish.nHeat the olive oil in a saute pan. Add the roasted sweet potatoes, shallots, and poblano peppers and saute for 2 minutes. Add Voodoo sauce and Worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper, to taste. Add the crabmeat and gently toss until the crab is heated through.nIn a saucepan over low heat, reduce the cream by 13. In a separate saucepan, heat the BBQ sauce. Add the reduced cream. Add the butter and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. Whisk in the salt and pepper. Keep warm until ready to serve.nIn a large pot, add the butter, onion, and garlic and let sweat until translucent. In a large bowl, blend together the vinegar, apricot jam, dry mustard, brown sugar, and Dijon mustard until smooth. Add this mixture to the garlic and onion mixture with the rest of the ingredients. Bring to a simmer and cook for 1 hour., ingredients: [1 9ounce swordfish steak, 12 cup blackening spice, 2 cups Sweet Potato Crab Hash, recipe follows, 4 ounces Voodoo Sauce, recipe follows, 1 ounce tomato concasse, 1 ounce scallions, chopped, Olive oil, to coat saute pan, 12 pound sweet potatoes, roasted until tender and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 poblano pepper, stemmed, seeded, and julienne, 3 ounces Voodoo Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Salt and pepper, 12 cup jumbo lump crabmeat, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 cups BBQ sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound butter, 3 large onions, chopped, 1 cup finely chopped garlic, 16 ounces white wine vinegar, 1 jar apricot jam, 14 cup dry mustard, 12 box brown sugar, 34 cup Dijon mustard, 13 cups 1 10 can chili sauce, 1 quart apple juice, 12 cup finely chopped cornichon, 18 cup hot red pepper sauce, 34 tablespoon cayenne, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup turmeric, 14 cup ground celery seed, 1 14 cups peeled, cored, and diced apples], title: Blackened Swordfish with Sweet Potato Crab Hash, picturelink: null}}