{16200: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. High Altitude 35006500 ft No change.nIf using crescent rolls: Unroll dough separate into 4 rectangles. Firmly press perforations to seal.nIf using dough sheet: Unroll dough cut into 4 rectangles.nCut each into 6 squares. Gently press squares into 24 ungreased miniature muffin cups dough will not completely cover inside of cup do not press too much.nSpoon about 1 teaspoon bean dip into each cup. Top each with 12 teaspoon chiles, 12 teaspoon bell pepper and about 1 teaspoon cheese.nBake 15 to 20 minutes or until edges are deep golden brown. Cool in pan on wire rack 5 minutes remove from muffin cups. Garnish each with guacamole and olives.n1 Appetizer: Calories 50 Calories from Fat 20 Total Fat 2g Saturated Fat 1g, Trans Fat nc, Polyunsaturated Fat nc Cholesterol 5mg Sodium 170mg Potassium nc Total Carbohydrate 5g Dietary Fiber 0g, Soluble Fiber nc, Insoluble Fiber nc, Sugars 2g Protein 2 Daily Value: Total Fat 3 Saturated Fat 5 Cholesterol 2 Sodium 7 Potassium nc Total Carbohydrate 2 Dietary Fiber 0 Vitamin A 2 Vitamin C 4 Vitamin D nc Riboflavin nc, ingredients: [1 can 8 oz. Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 1 can 8 oz. Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu00bf refrigerated flaky dough sheet, 12 cup hot bean dip with jalapeno peppers from 9oz. can, 14 cup Old El Pasou00ae chopped green chiles from 4.5oz. can, 14 cup finely chopped red bell pepper 14 medium, 12 cup finely shredded colbyMonterey Jack cheese 2 oz., Guacamole, if desired, Sliced ripe olives, if desired], title: Crescent Nacho Mini Cups, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 16201: {instructions: In a bowl, mix the pork with the garlic, scallion, 12 teaspoon of the sugar, 1 12 tablespoons nuoc mam, the egg and the cornstarch. Leave the mixture in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare a charcoal fire.nWhen you are ready to cook the pork, shape the mixture roughly into 6 pingpong sized balls. Lightly oil a steamer tray and steam the pork balls for 5 minutes. Transfer the partially cooked pork balls to a hot grill fire. Cook for 10 minutes, turning occasionally so all sides of the balls get golden brown. Remove the pork balls from the fire, cut them in half, and return them to the fire, cut side down. Grill them for 5 more minutes. Remove the pork and when it is cool enough to handle, cut it in shreds roughly 1 12 inches thick. Reserve.nBring a few quarts of salted water to the boil. Plunge the shrimp into the boiling water and turn the heat off. Remove the shrimp form the water when just cooked 2 to 3 minutes. In a bowl, mix together the remaining 2 tablespoons of fish sauce and the remaining tablespoon of sugar. When the shrimp are cool enough to handle, peel them and slice them in half the long way cutting each shrimp into 2 thin, Cshaped pieces. Reserve the shrimp and fish sauce sugar mixture.nSubmerge 1 sheet of banh trang in a basin of warm water for 2 to 3 seconds, then remove it immediately. Try to dip all of it into the water simultaneously and handle it carefully so it doesnt tear. Place the sheet on a dry towel.nRoll the sheet right on the towel: About 1inch above the lower edge of the sheet, spread out 18 cup of shredded lettuce. Leave a 1 12inch gap between the left edge of the sheet and the lettuce and the same between the right edge of the sheet and the lettuce. Define a rectangle with the lettuce that is about 5 inches wide and 3 inches long toward the center of the sheet. Now evenly top the lettuce rectangle with 18 of the bean sprouts, 18 of the shredded carrot and 18 of the peanuts. Evenly distribute 18 of the grilled pork shreds over the rectangle. Tear 5 to 6 mint leaves, and an equal amount of cilantro and distribute those over the rectangle. Top everything with a few sprinkles of nuoc mam.nCarefully pick up the right edge of the sheet and fold it toward the center of the filling. Make sure the folded sheet is even and uncreased. Do the same with the left edge of the sheet. The rectangle of filling should now be covered by the folded sheet with the left and right edges meeting each other at the center of the rectangle. Pick up the bottom edge of the sheet and start rolling away from you, making sure to tuck the filling in tightly as you roll. When you have rolled about halfway to the top of the sheet, dip the shrimp halves in the reserved fish saucesugar mixture. Place 2 shrimp halves along the cylinder that you have halfrolled and keep on rolling until a fully rolled cylinder has been formed. Place it under a damp towel. Repeat the process 7 more times to make 7 more rolls. Serve immediately or cover the rolls with damp towels and, ingredients: [12 pound fatty ground pork, 2 medium cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 thin scallion, finely minced, 3 12 tablespoons nuoc mam Vietnamese fish sauce, plus extra for sprinkling, 1 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 egg, beaten, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 8 mediumsized shrimp, about 14 pound, 8 square sheets banh trang, 8 12 inches per side, 1 cup shredded lettuce, 12 cup mung bean sprouts, 12 large carrot, shredded, 4 teaspoons chopped dryroasted peanuts, 1 large bunch fresh mint, 1 large bunch fresh cilantro], title: Vietnamese Summer Rolls with Shrimp and Ground Pork, picturelink: null}, 16202: {instructions: Generously rub salt and pepper over entire roast, lightly coating the ends.n3 ribs or under: Roast at 325 degrees for 18 minutes per pound, or until internal temperature on meat thermometer reads 115120 degrees for rare, and 130 degrees for medium rare.nOver 3 ribs: Roast at 275 degrees. Check with meat thermometer after 1 12 hours. Internal temperature should be 115120 degrees for rare, and 130140 degrees for medium., ingredients: [Salt, Pepper], title: Prime Rib, picturelink: null}, 16203: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace the Brussels sprouts on a baking sheet, drizzle with the olive oil and balsamic vinegar, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until tender on the inside and golden on the outside, 15 minutes.nAdd the pancetta to a saute pan over medium heat. Cook until crisp and golden, 6 to 7 minutes.nTransfer the roasted Brussels sprouts to a serving platter and garnish with fried pancetta and crumbled goat cheese., ingredients: [2 to 3 pounds Brussels sprouts, halved, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Drizzle of balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces thickcut pancetta, cubed, 2 ounces goat cheese, crumbled], title: Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Crispy Pancetta, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 16204: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. With the mixer running on low, add the eggs one at a time, scraping down the bowl after each addition. Add the vanilla and almond extracts and mix well.nIn a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In three parts, alternately add the dry ingredients and the buttermilk to the batter, beginning and ending with the dry. Mix until just combined. Fold in 7 ounces coconut.nLine a muffin pan with paper liners. Fill each cup to the top with batter. Bake for 25 to 35 minutes, until the tops are brown and a toothpick comes out clean. Allow to cool in the pan for 15 minutes. Remove to a baking rack and cool completely.nMake the cream cheese icing: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, blend together the cream cheese, butter, and vanilla and almond extracts. Add the confectioners sugar and mix until smooth.nFrost the cupcakes with the cream cheese icing and sprinkle with the remaining coconut.nPhotograph by Quentin Bacon, ingredients: [34 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups sugar, 5 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons pure almond extract, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 14 ounces sweetened, shredded coconut, 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon pure almond extract, 1 12 pounds confectioners sugar, sifted], title: Coconut Cupcakes With Cream Cheese Icing, picturelink: MuAB0LTRtnlhX9IetDp49lISyNHAEra}, 16205: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Sweet Potato Cider Cupcake with Marshmallow Frosting, picturelink: AX7G60nAHRsMuC6Fk.OJhFiRnOsrI56}, 16206: {instructions: Toss the tomatoes, scallions and the red onions in olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Char the tomatoes, scallions and onions on a charcoal grill or grill top. Place the grilled vegetables in a bowl and cool to room temperature. Rough chop the vegetable and add the remaining ingredients. Mix thoroughly and refrigerate Combine the tomatoes, onions, jalepeno peppers and olive oil together and mix. Right before service add the cilantro, lime juice, salt and pepper and toss. Let stand for 10 minutes and serve the salsas with red, blue and corn tortilla chips.nIn a mixing bowl combine all of the ingredients and whisk. You may use a food processor to prepare the marinade To Grill or Sear the Fajitas: Marinate the skirt steak and the chicken separately for about 23 hours Prepare your charcoal grill making sure that there is enough charcoal for a hot grill. You may use a very hot saute pan or skillet to sear the meats if a charcoal grill is not available. Cook the skirt steak for about 23 minutes on each side. Cook the chicken for about 34 minutes on each side until cooked thoroughly. Let stand for several minutes then cut into strips. Keep warm until service. Saute the peppers and onions with olive oil and place on a platter. Arrange the skirt steak and the chicken on a platter with the peppers and onions. Serve immediatelynIn a mixing bowl combine the ripe avocado with the skin and seed removed, the lime juice, garlic, onions and tomatoes, and jalepeno pepper and cilantro sprigs and mash with a spoon. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve the fajitas with warm flour tortillas and the condiments listed above., ingredients: [1 bunch scallions, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup cilantro, chopped, 2 teaspoons cumin, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 3 limes, freshly squeezed lime juice, 12 cup cilantro  chopped, Salt, to taste, 2 teaspoons garlic  minced, Black pepper, to taste, 6 tomatoes  cut in half, 1 red onion  sliced 12 inch thick, 14 cup olive oil, Cracked black pepper  to taste, 1 teaspoon Chipotle peppers  minced, 4 limes  freshly squeezed lime juice, 6 tomatoes, diced, 1 onion, diced, 2 teaspoons jalepeno peppers, minced, 12 cup onions, minced, 1 jalepeno, seeded and minced, 12 lime juice, fresh, 1 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup cilantro, chopped, 12 cup scallions finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons cumin, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, Salt to taste, 1 pound chicken breast, boneless and skinless, fajita marinade recipe above, 1 red bell pepper, fine julienne cut, 1 green bell peppers, fine julienne cut, 1 Spanish onions, julienne cut, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 ripe avocado with the skin and seed removed, Juice of 1 lime, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup of minced onions, 12 cup of diced tomatoes, jalepeno pepper, minced, 5 cilantro sprigs, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Salsa Sampler and Fajitas, picturelink: null}, 16207: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil for the tortellini. Place the peppers in a roasting pan and roast in preheated oven, checking every 15 minutes, and turning them with tongs until the skin is fully wrinkled and charred black. White the peppers are roasting, boil tortellini until al dente, drain, and set aside to cool. Put the charred peppers into a bowl filled with a couple of inches of ice water. Once cooled, you can then use your fingers to work quickly to slip off and discard the skins of the peppers while they are in the water. Transfer them to a plate, peel away any remnants of the charred skins, slice open and remove the stem and seeds, then julienne the peppers and set aside.nThrough the feed opening of a running blender, add scallions, garlic cloves, sundried tomatoes, and 12 cup of the fresh basil leaves packed, reserving the rest of the basil. Add the vinegar and blend until a paste is formed, then leaving the blender running, add the olive oil in a slow steady stream allowing the mixture to emulsify. Season the dressing with salt and pepper, to taste.nJulienne the rest of the basil except for the sprigs for garnish. Toss with the tortellini, julienned red bell peppers, and dressing. Transfer to serving dish and decorate with reserved basil sprigs. Can be served at room temperature or chilled., ingredients: [2 large red bell peppers, 1 pound cheese tortellini, fresh or frozen, 4 scallions green onions, white and tender green parts only, 2 cloves garlic, quartered, 4 to 6 sundried tomatoes, oil packed or soaked in water if dehydrated or 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 bunch fresh basil about 6 ounces, soaked, rinsed thoroughly, and stripped from stems reserve about a half dozen of the sprigs from the top of the stem for garnish, 18 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Tortellini Salad with SundriedTomato and Balsamic, picturelink: 9EMQclf5UfgPfHOdqpgwWspXN78HWK}, 16208: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh heat.nPlace the chili powder, paprika, thyme, salt, garlic powder, pepper, cumin, and cayenne pepper in a large bowl and whisk to combine. Set aside.nRinse chicken under cold running water and pat dry with paper towels. Rub the spice mixture all over the chicken legs or thighs. Place the chicken skin side down on the grill. Cook about 5 minutes, then turn at a 45 degree angle to establish nice grill marks. Cook another 3 to 5 minutes, until skin is crispy, then flip the chicken pieces over. Cook chicken until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F and until the juices run clear, about 8 to 10 minutes more.nRemove the chicken from the grill and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup chili powder, 3 tablespoons paprika, 3 tablespoons fresh thyme, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons kosher or sea salt, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 chicken legs or thighs], title: Tam Valley Bike Club Chain Gear Rub, picturelink: blh6Ptn2k5pXnOqgrBljolnGWPjdm}, 16209: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place paper liners into 1 10 or 12cup muffin tin.nCombine the bran and buttermilk and set aside. Cream the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment for about 5 minutes, until light and fluffy. With the mixer on low, add the eggs, 1 at a time. Scrape the bowl and then add the molasses, orange zest, and vanilla. The mixture will look curdled. Add the branbuttermilk mixture and combine.nIn a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. With the mixer on low speed, slowly add the flour mixture to the batter just until combined. Dont overmix it Fold in the raisins, bananas and walnuts with a rubber spatula.nWith an ice cream scoop or large spoon, fill the muffin cups to the top and bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until a cake tester comes out clean., ingredients: [1 cup unprocessed wheat bran, 1 cup buttermilk shaken, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 6 tablespoons unsulphured molasses, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup raisins, 1 cup largediced bananas, 12 cup chopped walnuts], title: Chunky Banana Bran Muffins, picturelink: lpoA7kpilRmc3lwuKDe8XyV1NJm.VTK}, 16210: {instructions: Special equipment: a pink edible markernScoop vanilla ice cream into a flatbottomed cake cone to come just past the rim. Press the top of the ice cream into crushed chocolate cookies. Secure the cone in a 3ounce paper cup and freeze until firm, about 15 minutes. Place another scoop of ice cream on top of the crushed cookies. Snip a marshmallow in half crosswise and stretch to make an oval paw shape. Draw bunny paw pads on the smooth sides of the marshmallow pieces with a pink edible marker and stick to the ice cream. Pipe or top with a quartersized dollop of sweetened whipped cream between the feet for a bunny tail. Push 2 small oval shaped sandwich cookies such as Mini Milanos into the top of the ice cream scoop for bunny ears., ingredients: [], title: Bunny Butt Sundae Cone, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 16211: {instructions: Special equipment: Heavy bottomed ovenproof skillet A 6inch cast iron pannPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWith a sharp knife score the fat of the duck breasts in a crisscross pattern. Season the duck with salt and pepper. Warm a heavy bottomed ovenproof skillet over medium heat.nPlace the duck breasts, fat side down, in the skillet to render off the fat, about 6 minutes. Reserve rendered duck fat. Turn the duck breasts over and sear for 1 minute. Turn the fat side down again and place the skillet into the oven to roast for 7 to 9 minutes, until breasts are medium rare. Let the duck breasts rest for 5 minutes then thinly slice.nGrate the potatoes and squeeze out excess liquid using your hands. Toss the potatoes with the melted butter, rosemary, salt, and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon of duck fat in a 6inch cast iron pan over mediumhigh heat. Press some of the potato mixture into the hot pan to make a 14inch thick cake. Reduce the heat to medium and cook until the rosti is golden brown, about 5 minutes. Flip the rosti in the pan and add more duck fat. Continue cooking until golden and crisp. Place the finished rosti onto an unlined baking sheet and continue cooking the rest of the potato mixture. Reheat rosti in a 400 degree F oven for 10 minutes.nCombine the brown sugar, raspberry vinegar, red wine vinegar, and white wine vinegar in a medium pot. Place over mediumlow heat and stir to dissolve the brown sugar. Simmer for 5 minutes.nAdd the blueberries, onion, green peppercorns, lemon juice, and ginger. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 45 minutes or until thickened, stirring occasionally to prevent scorching.nThe chutney will keep for several weeks stored in the refrigerator in an airtight container., ingredients: [3 Muscovy duck breasts about 1 12 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Potato Rosti, recipe follows, Blueberry Green Peppercorn Chutney, recipes follow, 1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, Duck fat, for frying, 2 cups brown sugar, 14 cup raspberry vinegar, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 4 cups blueberries, fresh or frozen, 1 cup minced onion, 14 cup green peppercorns , 1 lemon, juiced, 1 12 teaspoons grated fresh ginger], title: Pan Roasted Duck Breast, picturelink: 4HBAszCwovSwYkmYMTBbgOWMhnqU6te}, 16212: {instructions: Heat olive oil in deep 12inch nonstick skillet or 5quart saucepot and brown chicken and sausage over mediumhigh heat. Remove chicken and sausage and set aside.nCook potatoes, onion and fennel in same skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes or until vegetables are tender and starting to brown. Stir in vinegar and roasted red peppers and cook 1 minute. Stir in Sauce and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low, then return chicken and sausage to skillet. Simmer covered, stirring occasionally, 40 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked. Garnish, if desired, with chopped fresh parsley., ingredients: [1 Tbsp. olive oil, 1 lb. boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into bitesized pieces, 1 lb. hot or sweet Italian sausage links, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 lb. allpurpose potatoes, peeled and cut into 14inchthick slices about 2 potatoes, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 1 small fennel bulb, trimmed and thinly sliced optional, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 jar 7 oz. roasted red peppers, drained and thinly sliced, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Arrabbiata Sauce], title: Chicken and Sausage Scarpariello Arrabbiata, picturelink: MycvZFzfNo7yQr3y4jQ8eWHrhy2hXky}, 16213: {instructions: Put the eggs in a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then turn off the heat, cover and let sit for 15 minutes. Drain the water from the pot and fill with cold water to cool the eggs. Change the water twice so that the eggs will cool down quickly.nPeel the eggs and slice a small piece off the bottoms so that they will stand upright. Slice the top third off of each and save the tops. Carefully remove the eggs yolks with a small spoon and put them in a mediumsize bowl. Break up the egg yolks with a potato masher. Add all the remaining ingredients except the bacon and chives. Mix until well blended and smooth.nTransfer the mixture to a releasable bag, cut off the corner of the bag and pipe the filling into each egg. Sprinkle each with chopped chives and bacon bits, if desired. Cover with the egg tops and arrange them on a serving platter., ingredients: [1 dozen eggs, 14 cup mayonnaise, or yogurt as a healthy alternative, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons sweet pickle relish, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 2 tablespoons bacon bits or crumbled bacon, for garnish, optional], title: Straight Up Deviled Eggs, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 16214: {instructions: Cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the tomato sauce, tuna, capers, and lemon peel in a heavy large skillet. Using a fork, break the tuna into chunks. Simmer to blend the flavors, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nDrain the pasta, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid. Add the pasta to the sauce and toss to coat. Toss the pasta with enough reserved cooking liquid to moisten. Stir in the parsley and serve.n12 cup extravirgin olive oiln1 small onion, choppedn2 cloves garlic, choppedn1 stalk celery, choppedn1 carrot, choppednSea salt and freshly ground black peppern2 32ounce cans crushed tomatoesn4 to 6 basil leavesn2 dried bay leavesn4 tablespoons unsalted butter, optionalnIn a large casserole pot, heat oil over medium high heat. Add onion and garlic and saute until soft and translucent, about 2 minutes. Add celery and carrots and season with salt and pepper. Saute until all the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, basil, and bay leaves and simmer covered on low heat for 1 hour or until thick. Remove bay leaves and check for seasoning. If sauce still tastes acidic, add unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon at a time to round out the flavors.nAdd half the tomato sauce into the bowl of a food processor. Process until smooth. Continue with remaining tomato sauce.nIf not using all the sauce, allow it to cool completely and pour 1 to 2 cup portions into freezer plastic bags. This will freeze up to 6 months.nYield: 6 cupsnPrep Time: 15 minutesnCook Time: 1 hour and 20 minutesnEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [1 pound fusilli, 1 26ounce jar Simple Tomato Sauce, recipe follows or other purchased marinara sauce, 2 6ounces each cans albacore tuna packed in oil, drained, 1 tablespoon drained capers, 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves], title: Fusilli with Tuna and Tomato Sauce, picturelink: Ec.dkaqtUPGSclHDFpo.SZmYi4ErMaK}, 16215: {instructions: Soak the noodles in a bowl of warm water until soft enough to separate, about 10 minutes. Mix the fish sauce, sugar, chili sauce and lime juice in a separate bowl. When the noodles are soft, drain and return to the bowl. Put the bowls and other ingredients next to the stove this dish cooks quickly.nHeat a wok or large skillet over high heat until very hot. Add the vegetable oil, then add the shrimp and stirfry until pink, about 2 minutes. Transfer the shrimp to a bowl using a slotted spoon leave the oil in the pan. Add the garlic and tofu to the pan stirfry until just golden. Add the noodles and 14 cup fishsauce mixture stirfry until the noodles absorb the sauce, about 3 minutes. Add up to 14 cup water if the noodles seem dry, but dont let them become mushy.nAdd the radishes, scallions and 14 cup peanuts toss to combine. Stir in the remaining fishsauce mixture. Taste and adjust seasoning you can add more water, lime juice or fish sauce.nReturn the shrimp to the pan and heat through, about 2 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a platter top with bean sprouts, jalapenos and the remaining 14 cup peanuts. Serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [8 ounces flat Thai rice noodles, 14 cup fish sauce, 14 cup raw or turbinado sugar, 1 to 2 tablespoons hot Asian chili sauce sambal oelek or sriracha, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, plus lime wedges for garnish, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 pound large shrimp, butterflied with the shells on, 4 large cloves garlic, chopped, 1 12ounce package extrafirm tofu, cut into 12inch cubes, 6 radishes, cut into thin strips, 4 scallions, halved lengthwise and cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup roasted salted peanuts, coarsely chopped, 2 cups bean sprouts, 2 jalapeno peppers red and green, seeded and thinly sliced into strips], title: Shrimp Pad Thai, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 16216: {instructions: Bring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil over medium heat.nCoat a large, wide pot set over mediumhigh heat with olive oil. Toss in the garlic and crushed red pepper. When the garlic becomes golden and very aromatic, remove from the pan and discard. Toss in the tomatoes, zucchini and onions and roll them around in the oil. Add 1 cup of the stock and season with salt. Reduce the heat to medium and cook until the tomatoes start to burst and give off their juices, 8 to 10 minutes. Add 12 cup more stock if the liquid level is very low.nDrop the tagliatelle into the boiling water and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Toss the shrimp into the pot with the tomatoes and stir to combine. Drain the pasta, reserving 12 cup of the pasta cooking water, and then toss the pasta immediately into the pot with the tomato mixture. Add in the reserved cooking water, if needed. Toss vigorously to combine. Remove from the heat and drizzle some finishing oil over the top, then add the Parmesan and a sprinkling of fresh oregano to garnish. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter and serve immediately.nPlace the flour on a clean dry work surface. Make a hole this is also called a well in the center of the flour about 8inches wide bigger is definitely better here. Crack all of the eggs and the yolk into the hole and add the olive oil, a pinch of salt and 1 to 2 tablespoons water.nUsing a fork, beat the eggs together with the olive oil, water and salt. Then begin to incorporate the flour into the egg mixture be careful not to break the sides of the well or the egg mixture will run all over your board and you will have a big mess Also, dont worry about the lumps. When enough flour has been incorporated into the egg mixture that it will not run all over the place when the sides of the well are broken, begin to use your hands to really get everything well combined. If the mixture is tight and dry, wet your hands and begin kneading with wet hands. When the mixture has really come together as a homogeneous mixture, THEN you can start kneading.nWhen kneading it is VERY important to put your body weight into it, get on top of the dough to really stretch, but not to tear, the dough. Using the heels of your palms, roll the dough to create a very smooooooth, supple dough. When done, the dough should look VERY smooth and feel almost velvety. Kneading will usually take 8 to 10 minutes for an experienced kneader and 10 to 15 minutes for an inexperienced kneader. Put your body weight into it, you need to knead This is where the perfect, toothsome texture of your pasta is formed. Get in there and have funnWhen the pasta has been kneaded to the perfect consistency, wrap it in plastic and let rest for at least 1 hour. If using immediately, do not refrigerate.nTo roll out the pasta, you need to run the dough through a pasta roller a bunch of times to get it long and thin. To start, cut off about a quarter of the dough, keeping the rest wrapped up so it doesnt dry out. Squish the dough to flatten it. Run the dough through the pasta roller starting on the widest setting, number 1. Then dust the dough with flour, fold it into thirds, and put the dough through this setting two more times. If the dough ever feels sticky or tacky, dust with flour. Now adjust the setting to number 2 and repeat the process again, changing the setting each time until the dough reaches the desired thickness. Once the dough is rolled out, be sure to keep the pasta covered so it doesnt dry out. Repeat this process with the remaining dough, then cut the dough to the desires pasta shape., ingredients: [Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, for coating, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 2 cups heirloom cherry tomatoes, assorted sizes and colors, 2 small zucchini, diced, 12 onion, diced, 1 12 cups vegetable or chicken stock, 1 pound AllPurpose Pasta Dough, cut into tagliatelle shape, recipe follows, 6 to 8 medium shrimp, shelled, deveined and heads removed, Highquality extravirgin olive oil, for finishing, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Fresh oregano leaves, for garnish, 1 pound allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 4 whole eggs, plus 1 yolk, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt], title: Tagliatelle with Shrimp, Zucchini and Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: omKUqlHK7Cddvt2ZiMxkPtIEfaMCAxO}, 16217: {instructions: 1. Blend salad dressing and dill in a small bowl. Set aside.n2. Cook chicken according to package directions. Dice.n3. Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium. Add mushrooms and onion cook 3 to 5 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Add chicken and stir.nServing Suggestion: Stuff pita bread halves evenly with chicken mixture. Top with lettuce and dressing. Serve with carrot sticks. Refrigerate leftovers., ingredients: [3 Tyson Grilled and Ready Breast Fillets, 34 cup ranchstyle salad dressing, 1 teaspoon dill weed, dried, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup mushrooms, fresh sliced, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, separated into rings, 1 cup lettuce, shredded, 4 large pita bread pockets, halved], title: Chicken Pita Pockets, picturelink: tcSVdj3XvehvtwzsjEgLznFpsNY2KMu}, 16218: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCoat bottom and bottom inch of sides of a 10inch springform pan with softened butter. Layer 1 cup chopped hazelnuts on bottom of pan. In food processor or blender, combine remaining 1 cup hazelnuts, eggs, pudding mix, and melted butter. Process until wellmixed and nuts are ground fine. Pour into prepared pan. Bake about 20 minutes or until edges of torte are firm but center jiggles when pan is shaken. Remove from oven and cool 10 minutes. Release pan sides. Cool to lukewarm then transfer to serving plate and dust with cocoa powder and powdered sugar. Serve at warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 cups chopped hazelnuts, 5 eggs, 3 3.13ounce packages chocolate fudge pudding mix, 12 cup butter, melted and cooled slightly, Cocoa powder and powdered sugar], title: Chocolate Hazelnut Torte, picturelink: null}, 16219: {instructions: Combine just enough garlic and olive oil to coat the bottom of a large, heavy frying pan and adjust the temperature to medium heat. Dust the trout fillets with flour, and then dip the fillets in the beaten egg mixture. Dredge the fillets in crushed pecans. Saute the fish in the olive oil until cooked through  approximately 4 minutes each side depending on thickness of fillets.nServe with Salsa and Latin Rice.nMix all of the ingredients in a nonmetallic bowl. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate. Serve the salsa as an accompaniment to the pecan trout.nCook the rice according to the instructions on the package, adding some olive oil to the water. Add 12 can of the peas and entire jar of pimentos to the rice and stir is together gently. Serve with the black bean and corn salsa and the rainbow trout., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, minced, Olive oil, for sauteing, 3 fillets rainbow trout, Flour, for dusting, 1 small bag crushed pecans, 2 eggs, beaten, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Black Bean and Corn Salsa, recipe follows, Latin Rice, recipe follows, 1 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 12ounce can sweet yellow corn, drained, 1 14.5ounce can chopped tomatoes with onions, drained, 2 green onions, chopped, 12 medium red onion, chopped, 12 cup fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 14ounce bag yellow rice, 12 13.25ounce can petite green peas, 1 small jar pimientos, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Pecan Encrusted Trout with Latin Rice and Black BeanCorn Salsa, picturelink: null}, 16220: {instructions: Prepare marinade by combining the oregano, sour orange juice, chopped garlic, and oil, to taste. Let marinade stand for 1 hour.nWith a very sharp knife, cut ham across lengthwise, exposing the bone. Cut around the bone around to remove it. Use small cuts to butterfly the ham, so it lies flat. Trim into a rectangular shape. Discard any excessive fat. Season the meat with marinade and set aside, refrigerated, for at least 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace rice stuffing in the middle of ham and fold both ways until stuffing is fully covered. Tie with string both lengthwise and across.nPlace in a roasting pan and cook for 20 minutes per pound or until inside cavity reaches 150 degrees.nBring beans, 5 cups water, bay leaf, and 12 piece of Italian pepper to a full boil. Simmer until beans are soft. Strain and remove the pepper. Reserve the water if necessary, add water to make 4 cups.nSaute the onion, pepper, garlic, and oregano in olive oil until translucent. Add the rice, beans, and water and bring to a boil. Season with salt. Reduce heat and cook covered until rice is soft.nSaute crushed garlic cloves in the 4 tablespoons of olive oil until brown. Remove the cloves and add to the rice. Season with vinegar and let stand., ingredients: [Oregano, Sour Orange, Chopped Garlic, Oil, 1 6 to 8 pound fresh ham, Black Beans and Rice Moros y Cristianos, recipe follows, 12 pound dried black beans, soaked overnight, drained, and rinsed, 5 cups water, 1 bay leaf, 12 Italian pepper, 1 onion, diced, 1 Italian pepper, diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, plus 2 garlic cloves, unpeeled and crushed, 12 teaspoon oregano, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 4 tablespoons, 1 pound uncooked white rice, Salt, Vinegar], title: Roasted Pork Stuffed with Black Beans, picturelink: null}, 16221: {instructions: In a blender, combine pumpkin, soy milk, yogurt, pumpkin spice, juice of half a lemon, and 1 dash of vanilla extract. Blend together until smooth, and begin adding the ice while continuing to blend. When mixture is thick and creamy, stop and hold in refrigerator at least 30 minutes. Cut off the top 13 of the orange. Remove the inside of the orange and reserve the rind. In a medium mixing bowl, combine cream, powdered sugar, and the remaining vanilla extract then whip on high until a stiff peak forms. Transfer the smoothie into the orange rind, and garnish with whipped cream and cinnamon sticks., ingredients: [2 cups canned pumpkin, 12 cup vanilla soy milk, 12 cup vanilla yogurt, 1 tablespoon pumpkin spice, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 dash vanilla extract, plus 2 dashes, 1 12 cups crushed ice, 1 naval orange, 1 cup lowfat whipping cream, plus garnish, 5 teaspoons powdered sugar, Cinnamon sticks, for garnish], title: Pumpkin Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 16222: {instructions: In a large bowl stir together the mashed potatoes, sour cream, horseradish, pepper and Worcestershire sauce. Cover with a damp paper towel and microwave on HIGH for 3 minutes., ingredients: [1 24ounce container homestyle mashed potatoes recommended: Country Crock, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Horseradish Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: aumgKtWiotOJPb.VVoEj5SL.CYJnK2}, 16223: {instructions: Season the fish on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat oil and 1 tablespoon of the butter together in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Saute the fish 2 minutes on each side, until it has a crispy brown crust. Remove from the heat.nIn a separate saute pan set over mediumlow heat, melt the remaining tablespoon of butter. Lightly toast the tortillas on both sides. Keep them warm on a plate by covering with a clean kitchen towel.nUsing a fork, flake the fish and place a small amount on each tortilla. Top with guacamole, tomatoes, onions and cilantro roll up., ingredients: [8 to 12 ounces tilapia or Dover sole, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 package 6inch flour tortillas, Prepared guacamole, Diced tomato, Diced red onion, Chopped fresh cilantro], title: Warm Fish Tacos, picturelink: null}, 16224: {instructions: In a blender or food processor, puree all ingredients with salt and pepper to taste until smooth. Pesto keeps in a jar with a tightfitting lid, chilled up to 1 week. Let pesto come to room temperature before using. Drizzle over grilled vegetables., ingredients: [23 cup firmly packed fresh basil leaves, 23 cup firmly packed fresh mint leaves, 23 cup firmly packed fresh parsley leaves, 13 cup pine nuts, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 large garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, or to taste, A variety of grilled vegetables], title: ThreeHerb Pesto with Grilled Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 16225: {instructions: Preheat the broiler on low.nGently dry the bread under the broiler, just until dry and with no browning.nIn a small bowl, toss the cheese with the white wine and allow to sit.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, mix together the sour cream, garlic, mustard, salt, and pepper. On a baking sheet, lay out the bread slices. Take less than onequarter of the sour cream mixture and divide evenly among the bread slices, spreading thinly to coat 1 side of each slice. Next, evenly distribute the ham on top of the bread. Divide the rest of the sour cream mixture over the ham. Spoon the cheese on top of the sour cream mixture, blotting lightly before adding to remove any excess wine.nPreheat a large, nonstick saute pan over medium heat and melt the butter. Crack the eggs into the pan and fry, either overeasy or sunnyside up, according to your preference.nWhile the eggs are cooking, place the openfaced sandwiches under the broiler until very bubbly and lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Watch closely and dont let the topping burn. Place each sandwich on a plate. Season the fried eggs with salt and pepper and place 1 egg on each sandwich. If desired, use a biscuit cutter to cut the egg into an evenly round shape., ingredients: [4 large slices countrystyle bread, 1 12 cups shredded Swiss, 2 tablespoons white wine, 14 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large slices good quality lunchmeat ham, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 eggs], title: Quick Croque Madames, picturelink: P6suDXlXQ9TwgTMhHT5NA9fwPfYpni}, 16226: {instructions: Special equipment: A food processor, an ice cream maker, optionalnIf using, prepare the bowl of the ice cream maker according to manufacturers directions.nPlace the mango chunks in the food processor and puree until smooth. You should have about 3 cups of puree. Place the 3 cups of puree in a mixing bowl and stir in the simple syrup, lime juice, and chili powder. Pour the mixture into a shallow dish and place in the freezer. Freeze for at least 3 hours and up to overnight.nIf using an ice cream maker, pour into maker and freeze according to manufacturers directions. Transfer the sorbet to a freezable container and freeze until firm, about 1 to 2 hours.nServe cold, sprinkled with a little coarse salt and more chili powder, if desired.nIn a small saucepan, dissolve the sugar in the water and bring to a boil. Boil 2 to 3 minutes, then remove from the heat and allow to cool completely., ingredients: [3 large mangos, peeled and pitted and chopped into chunks, 2 cups simple syrup, recipe follows, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 tablespoon chili powder, plus extra for garnish, Coarse salt, 2 cups water, 2 cups sugar], title: Mango Sorbet with Lime and Chili, picturelink: vRyZVF2NdYPwlG698G3ELX3nf3.d1OK}, 16227: {instructions: Add corn, milk, sugar, brown sugar, cinnamon, and salt to a blender and puree until smooth. Heat in saucepan until warm. Serve in mugs with cinnamon sticks., ingredients: [1 8ounce package fresh frozen white corn, defrosted, 3 cups milk, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon salt, 4 cinnamon sticks], title: Sweet Milk and Corn Drink: Atole, picturelink: null}, 16228: {instructions: In a medium saucepan combine pork, chicken broth, vinegar, sugar, chili powder, paprika, cumin, salt, and pepper. Set pan over medium heat and bring to a simmer.nCook 15 minutes, until liquid reduces and sauce thickens. Serve pork on halved kaiser rolls., ingredients: [12 ounces leftover cooked pork, shredded, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 kaiser rolls, halved], title: Pulled Pork Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 16229: {instructions: 1. In small saucepan heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce heat to medium. Add garlic, rosemary, orange zest and red pepper. Cook, uncovered, for 3 to 5 minutes or until garlic is golden, stirring frequently.n2. Cut cheese into 8 even pieces. Place in 1quart gratin dish or 9inch pie plate. Sprinkle with cranberries. Pour garlic oil over top. Bake, uncovered, at 375 degrees F for 10 to 15 minutes or until cheese is warm. Serve warm with KEEBLER TOWN HOUSE Flatbread Crisps  Sea Salt and Olive Oil.nEntwine Pairing: Chardonnay rich, garlicky cheese gets tempered by the wines apple notesnNutrition Information:nServing Size: 1.5 oz. cheese mixture plus 4 crackers Calories 250, Calories From Fat 160, Saturated Fat 9g, Trans Fat 0g, Total Fat 18g, Cholesterol 30mg, Sodium 300mg, Total Carbohydrates 13g, Sugars 4g, Dietary Fiber 1g, Protein 9g, Vitamin A 10, Vitamin C 2, Calcium 10, Iron 4, ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 3 long strips orange zest, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 log 11 oz. fresh goat cheese, 14 cup dried cranberries, 32 Keebleru00ae Town Houseu00ae Flatbread Crisps  Sea Salt and Olive Oil], title: Herb Garlic Baked Goat Cheese, picturelink: mHhehZ80DNeEN8e1jhTaZLA62TsTf0C}, 16230: {instructions: For the gnocchi: Put the porcini in a large bowl and add enough hot water to cover the porcini. Allow the porcini to soak for a few minutes or until soft. Then finely chop the porcini to a pastelike consistency.nOn a work table, peel and mash the potatoes with the back of a fork or use a potato ricer. Add the porcini to the mashed potatoes and then add the flour, Parmigiano, salt, and pepper. Combine together and knead until the mixture becomes regular dough consistency, smooth and slightly sticky. Add more flour if needed, which will absorb any excess moisture.nOn a lightlyfloured work surface, take pieces of the dough and roll them out into thin logs, approximately 12inches thick. Cut them 1inch long.nMake the ridges on each gnocchi by using the back of a fork in a rolling action.nCooks Note: The imprints will allow the sauce to get trapped on the surface of the gnocchi.nPut the gnocchi on a tray in a single layer and place a cloth over the top to prevent them from drying out. They may also be set in refrigerator or freezer until needed.nCook the gnocchi in a pot of boiling salted water for about 1 to 2 minutes or until they float to the surface.nFor the sauce: Melt the butter in a saucepan and add the fresh sage leaves. Remove the gnocchi from the boiling water with a slotted spoon or drain and add them directly to the saucepan with about 12 cup pasta water. Cook the gnocchi with the sauce for about 30 seconds and then remove them from the heat. Add the Parmigiano and mix well. Plate and serve., ingredients: [1 cup250 ml dry porcini, 3 large baking potatoes, boiled in salted water,, 2 cups500 ml flour, plus more for dusting and as needed, 12 cup125 ml finely grated Parmigiano cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons30 ml unsalted butter, Fresh sage leaves, 1 cup250 ml finely grated Parmigiano cheese], title: Porcini Gnocchi, picturelink: null}, 16231: {instructions: Cut the top off each orange, just enough to scoop out the pulp for later use. Discard tops and freeze empty orange shells.nNOTE: For easier scooping, roll the oranges by hand before cutting the tops, using a firm downward pressure to loosen the pulp.nIn a colander, fine mesh strainer, or food mill, mash the orange pulp to remove as much juice as possible. Add additional juice, if necessary, to make 1 12 cups.nCombine water and sugar in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. When the sugar is totally dissolved, remove from heat and allow to cool. Add orange juice and orange liqueur.nPour the mixture into a shallow glass dish and place level in the freezer for 2 to 3 hours, mixing gently with a fork every 20 minutes until it forms ice crystals and thickens. The frequent mixing will keep the granita from freezing into a solid block.nFill orange shells with frozen granita mixture and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 small oranges, empty and frozen, 1 12 cups orange juice from scooped oranges, 12 cup water, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Cointreau], title: Orange Granita, picturelink: 9EMQclf5UfgPfHOdqpgwWspXN78HWK}, 16232: {instructions: Let the buttermilk and eggs come to room temperature 1 hour before making the filling.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Ease the dough into a 9inch deepdish pie plate and crimp as desired. Pierce all over with a fork. Line the dough with foil, then fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until the edges are golden, about 20 minutes. Remove the parchment and weights and continue baking until lightly golden all over, about 10 more minutes. Let cool completely on a rack.nMake the filling: Beat the butter and sugar in a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment or use a hand mixer on mediumhigh speed until combined, about 1 minute. Add the egg yolks and beat until pale and thick, about 1 minute. Reduce the mixer speed to medium low add the flour, lemon juice, lemon zest, nutmeg and salt and beat until just incorporated. Increase the speed to medium high and slowly pour in the buttermilk. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and continue beating until combined. Transfer to a large bowl.nClean the mixer and whisk attachment. Add the egg whites and beat on mediumhigh speed until stiff peaks form, about 4 minutes. Fold the egg whites into the yolk mixture in three additions until no white streaks remain. Pour the filling into the prepared crust. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake until golden and set around the edges the center will still jiggle, 45 to 50 minutes, rotating the pie halfway through. Let cool on a rack. Dust with confectioners sugar before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 14 cups lowfat buttermilk, 2 large eggs, separated, 1 disk refrigerated or homemade pie dough, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Buttermilk Pie, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 16233: {instructions: An hour before the cocktail hour is to commence, combine all the ingredients for the sangrita in a blender. Blend until frothy. Cover and refrigerate for the flavors to marry. To serve, pour the sangrita into 8 straight, tall shot glasses. Pour the tequila into 8 identical shot glasses and place them all on a tray lined with a napkin desired, and serve immediately with lime wedges and salt, if desired., ingredients: [1 14 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, 13 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 12 tablespoons grenadine syrup, Generous 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 pint tequila preferably aged blue Agave, 2 limes, cut into wedges optional, A small dish of salt optional], title: Tequila con Sangrita, picturelink: null}, 16234: {instructions: Special equipment: An immersion blendernFor the rice: Combine the rice and enough cold water to cover by 1 inch let soak 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a medium saucepan, stir together the chicken broth, cilantro, onion, mustard, oil, jalapenos, garlic, 34 teaspoon salt and 34 cup water bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Using an immersion blender, blend until finely chopped.nDrain the rice. Return the broth mixture to a boil and stir in the rice. Cover tightly and simmer over mediumlow heat until the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and let the rice stand, covered, 5 minutes. Add the lime zest and fluff with a fork.nFor the shrimp: Meanwhile, combine the tomatoes, chipotles, oil, garlic and 12 cup water in a blender and puree until smooth season with about 1 teaspoon salt. Transfer the tomato mixture to a large skillet and cook until heated, about 5 minutes. Add the shrimp and simmer, stirring occasionally, until cooked through, about 4 minutes. Serve with the rice and sprinkle with cilantro., ingredients: [2 cups mediumgrain rice, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 1 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 small onion, chopped, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 to 2 jalapenos, seeded and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Salt, Zest of 1 lime, One 15ounce can crushed fireroasted tomatoes, 2 chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, Salt, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, Chopped fresh cilantro, for sprinkling], title: Spicy Chipotle Shrimp with Jalapeno Green Rice, picturelink: UQWSBstQx8oMvE98hfsUhRghx0yV5e}, 16235: {instructions: Melt chocolate over a double boiler with milk and butter. Cool until lukewarm and add yolks one by one. Stir in tequila. Beat cream to soft peaks and fold into chocolate mixture. Beat egg whites to stiff peaks and fold into chocolate mixture. Spoon into phyllo cups and sauce plate with pomegranate juice. Garnish with seeds., ingredients: [6 12 ounces Ibarra chocolate, chopped fine, 2 tablespoons milk, 112 ounces butter, at room temperature, 2 eggs, seperated, 1 tablespoons Tequila Herradura Reposado, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 prepared phyllo cups, 1 pomegranate, half seeded and half juiced, sweetened], title: Tequila and Mexican Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: null}, 16236: {instructions: Preheat broiler or prepare grill.nRub flank steak with black pepper, pressing it into meat. Grill steak on an oiled rack of a broiler pan, about 3 to 5 inches from heat 6 to 7 minutes on each side for medium rare. Or, grill over glowing coals 5 to 8 minutes on each side for medium rare. Transfer steak to a cutting board and cool. If desired, chill beef, loosely wrapped, at least 2 hours and up to 1 day to facilitate thin slicing. Cut beef across the grain into very thin slices.nIn a large bowl stir together lime juice, fish sauce, sugar, and chilies until combined well sugar should be dissolved if using.nAdd steak, shallots, scallions, coriander and mint and toss well. Score cucumber lengthwise with tines of a fork and cut crosswise into thin slices.nArrange cucumber around edge of a platter and mound beef salad in center. Garnish with coriander sprigs., ingredients: [34 pound flank steak, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, or to taste, 1 tablespoon Asian fish sauce, or to taste, 14 teaspoon sugar, or to taste, 1 small fresh red or green Thai chili or serrano, seeded and minced, 13 cup thinly sliced shallots, 2 scallions, cut into 12inch pieces, 14 cup packed fresh coriander leaves, washed well and spun dry, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 12 seedless cucumber, Fresh coriander sprigs], title: Thai Grilled Beef Salad, picturelink: null}, 16237: {instructions: BEAT heavy cream in large bowl with electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until stiff and soft peaks form. Beat in vanilla. Reserve 34 cup for topping. Stir 34 cup hazelnut spread in medium bowl until smooth. Stir into remaining whipped cream until combined. Spoon evenly into graham cracker crust.nSPREAD reserved whipped cream over center of pie to within 1inch of edge. Place 1 tablespoon hazelnut spread into corner of small resealable plastic bag. Microwave on HIGH 10 seconds or until soft. Cut a small corner off of bag. Drizzle over top. Chill 2 hours., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, chilled, 2 tsps. vanilla extract, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon Jifu00ae Mocha Cappuccino Flavored Hazelnut Spread, divided, 1 6 oz. readymade graham cracker pie crust], title: Mocha Mousse Pie, picturelink: E6Zy.eQd.9izLqFDFGiNJKQhVgIqUa.}, 16238: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCooks Note: Canned fruit cocktail can be substituted for the fresh fruitnAdd the grapes, nectarines and orange to a large pitcher. Pour in the brandy, wine and sparkling water. Mix well, then refrigerate for at least 1 hour. When you are ready to serve, fill glasses with ice, if desired, and pour in the sangria. Spoon some of the fruit into the each glass and serve, ingredients: [2 cups red grapes, sliced in 12, 1 nectarine, sliced, 1 orange, sliced, 12 cup brandy, 1 bottle dry red wine recommended: Sterling Vintners Collection Meritage, 1 bottle white wine recommended: Sterling Vintners Collection Sauvignon Blanc, 2 cups sparkling water], title: Blushing Sangria, picturelink: ibgefmJkt4n03oYhPYtzvNXaB0wHiy}, 16239: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pesto: Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the peppers on a baking sheet, rub them with the canola oil and season with salt and black pepper, to taste. Roast until they are slightly charred and soft, turning several times, about 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer the peppers to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let them steam for 10 minutes. Remove the skins and seeds.nPut the peppers, garlic, basil and pine nuts into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, slowly pour the olive oil through the feed tube and pulse to emulsify. Add the cheese and salt and pepper, to taste and pulse a few more times just to combine. Scrape the mixture into a bowl.nFor the pizza: Light a grill to high heat.nRoll the pizza dough into 2 12inch circles, brush the top with some canola oil, and season them with salt and black pepper, to taste. Put them on the grill, oiled side down, and grill until the bottoms are slightly charred and golden brown. Brush the tops with additional oil before flipping the pizzas over. Continue grilling until the crusts are just firm, about 40 seconds.nTransfer the shells to a baking sheet, top each with some of the pesto, mozzarella and shaved Parmigiano and return them to the grill. Close the cover and grill until the cheese melts. Remove the pizzas from the grill and finish the pizza with some sliced red onion and handful of arugula. Slice and serve.nCombine the bread flour, sugar, yeast and kosher salt in the bowl of a stand mixer and combine. While the mixer is running, add the water and 2 tablespoons of the oil and beat until the dough forms into a ball. If the dough is sticky, add additional flour, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the dough comes together in a solid ball. If the dough is too dry, add additional water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Scrape the dough onto a lightly floured surface and gently knead into a smooth, firm ball.nGrease a large bowl with the remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil, add the dough, cover the bowl with plastic wrap and put it in a warm area to let it double in size, about 1 hour. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and divide it into 2 equal pieces. Cover each with a clean kitchen towel or plastic wrap and let them rest for 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 medium red bell peppers, stemmed, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Pizza dough, recipe follows, Canola oil, as needed, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 ounces fresh mozzarella, sliced, 1 wedge ParmigianoReggiano, shaved, 1 red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 2 cups baby arugula leaves, 3 12 to 4 cups bread flour, plus more for rolling Chefs Note: Using bread flour will give you a much crisper crust. If you cant find bread flour, you can substitute it with allpurpose flour which will give you a chewier crust., 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 envelope instant dry yeast, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 cups water, 110 degrees F, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 teaspoons], title: Red PepperBasil Pesto Pizza, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 16240: {instructions: Brown the onions, green pepper, and garlic. Add the meat and brown. Add the Mexicorn, tomato sauce, wine, chili powder, salt, pepper and simmer for 15 or 20 minutes. Place mixture in a casserole dish. Make the topping with the cornbread mix, 1 cup of creamstyle corn, 12 cup cheese, and milk to make runny. Sometimes I add an egg. Pour over the casserole and bake, in a preheated oven, at 400 degrees for 35 to 45 minutes. 10 minutes before serving, sprinkle top with crushed Fritos and add the remaining cup cheddar cheese. Garnish with sliced black olives., ingredients: [1 large onion, chopped, 1 green pepper, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 pounds ground chuck, 2 cans Mexicorn sold at most supermarkets, 2 8ounce cans tomato sauce, 8 ounces red wine, 1 tablespoon chili powder, Salt, pepper, to taste, 12 package Jiffy brand cornbread mix, 1 small can creamstyle corn, 1 12 cups grated cheddar, 12 cup milk, 1 egg optional, 1 medium package Frito corn chips, Sliced black olives, for garnish], title: Tamale Pie, picturelink: null}, 16241: {instructions: Mix all seasoning in a large bowl. Add short ribs and toss to coat evenly. Allow to sit for one hour before smoking. Build a hickory fire in grill on one side only. Place the beef ribs on the grill on the opposite side of the fire and close off the air so the fire goes down. Maintain a temperature of 275 degrees for 3 hours, basting with mop every 15 minutes for the last 45 minutes.nMix all ingredients together., ingredients: [10 pounds short ribs of beef, 2 inches thick, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon garlic, 1 teaspoon thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon ancho powder, 3 tablespoons Frenchs mustard, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 cup apple cider], title: Bbq Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 16242: {instructions: Vinaigrette: Whisk all the ingredients together, except oil, until smooth. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil and whisk until combined. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nSeafood: Brush the tuna, shrimp and scallops with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the tuna to rare, grill the shrimp and sea scallops until just cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes per side.nVegetables: Preheat grill. Brush peppers and squash with oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill each for 5 to 6 minutes on each side, until just cooked through.nPlace the green beans and tomatoes in bowls. Toss each with 2 tablespoons of the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper to taste.nLine 8 plates with the red leaf lettuce. On each plate arrange 2 scallops, 3 shrimp and 1 piece of the tuna. Divide the squash, beans, roasted pepper, tomatoes and olives among the plates. Drizzle the remaining dressing over the salad., ingredients: [12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 2 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound tuna steak, cut into 8 pieces, 12 jumbo shrimp, shelled and deveined, 12 large sea scallops, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 red bell peppers, quartered, 1 yellow squash, cut into 14inch thick slices, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 pint each red and yellow cherry tomatoes, sliced in half, 34 pound haricots verts, cooked al dente, Red leaf lettuce, 12 cup Nicoise olives, pitted], title: Grilled Seafood Salad Nicoise, picturelink: null}, 16243: {instructions: Put the carrots in a sieve set over a bowl. Toss carrots with 1 tablespoon of the salt and let stand to get rid of excess water, about 45 minutes. Gently press carrots against the sieve to remove any remaining moisture. Rinse and drain. Place the carrots in a clean kitchen towel, then twist the towel to squeeze out any excess water. Repeat the process using the daikon. Whisk together the sugar and vinegar until sugar is completely dissolved. Divide this pickling mixture among 3 quartsize plastic bags, and set 1 bag aside to use in Step 4. Add the carrots and daikon separately to the other 2 bags, seal and toss to coat evenly. Lay bags flat on a plate and refrigerate at least 24 hours, turning the bags over every hour if possible. After about 20 hours, repeat step 1 using the cucumbers. After draining, place the cucumbers in the third plastic bag of pickling mix, seal, and toss to coat. Lay the bag flat on a plate and refrigerate for 4 to 6 hours, turning bag every hour if possible. The cucumber needs only 4 to 6 hours to absorb the flavor of the vinegar marinade. Drain the carrots, daikon and cucumbers well at room temperature for 30 to 45 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 pound carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch long matchsticks, 3 tablespoons coarse sea salt, 1 pound daikon, peeled, cut into 2inch long by 12inch wide thin planks, 6 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup white rice vinegar, 1 12 pounds cucumber, peeled, halved lengthwise and sliced diagonally 18inch thick], title: Rau Cai Chua: Pickled Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 16244: {instructions: For the chicken: Combine the rosemary, thyme, zest, sugar, salt, fennel seeds, garlic, onion and pepper. Then rub the mixture evenly into the chicken pieces, coating both sides. Place the chicken in a plastic food storage bag and chill several hours or overnight.nTo serve, heat a turn of the pan olive oil in a skillet, griddle pan or grill over mediumhigh heat. If using griddle or grill wipe with the oil then add the chicken. Cook the chicken 12 minutes, turning occasionally. Remove from the heat let rest a few minutes, then slice.nFor the salad: While chicken is cooking, whisk up the lemon juice and honey, season with salt and pepper, and whisk in the EVOO. Combine the parsley, celery, arugula, fennel and fronds. Dress the salad and toss to coat. Then, using a vegetable peeler, add lots of cheese curls to the salad.nServe the salad in shallow bowls and top with sliced chicken breast.nGet Rachaels shopping list for this episodes recipes here., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, optional, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon granulated onion, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 4 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breast 6 to 8 ounces each, Olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon honey, Salt and pepper, 3 to 4 tablespoons EVOO, 12 cup celery leavestops, 12 cup parsley leaves, 1 bundle arugula, coarsely chopped, 1 bulb fennel, trimmed and very thinly sliced plus a small handful of fronds, ParmigianoReggiano, for shaving], title: Lemon Pepper Cured Chicken with Fennel Salad, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 16245: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the convection oven to 325 degrees F. Line 24 regular cupcake pans with liners.nRough chop the chocolate covered coffee beans and set aside. Combine the flour, baking powder and salt in a bowl. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy, 4 to 8 minutes. Slowly add the eggs, one at a time, scraping the bowl as needed. Add the vanilla extract. On low speed, gradually alternate adding the flour mixture and the milk, beginning and ending with the dry ingredients.nWhen the batter is smooth, divide evenly into the cupcake liners. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon crushed coffee beans on each cupcake. Bake until lightly browned and fully cooked through, about 15 minutes. Cool completely.nFor the espresso syrup: In a small saucepan, combine 13 cup water, sugar and espresso powder. Heat over mediumhigh heat until the sugar is completely melted, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and stir in the coffee liqueur.nFor the mascarpone cream: In a medium bowl, combine the mascarpone, confectioners sugar, coffee liqueur and vanilla extract. Place the heavy cream in the bowl of a stand mixer. Using the whisk attachment, whip the cream until soft peaks form. Gradually fold onethird of the whipped cream into the mascarpone mixture. Continue folding in the cream in two more additions.nTo assemble: Using a fork, poke holes in the tops of the baked cupcakes. Gradually spoon 2 tablespoons of espresso syrup over each cupcake. Place the mascarpone cream in a piping bag fitted with a metal tube and pipe desired amount of cream onto each cupcake. Dust with cocoa powder and sprinkle with chocolate shavings.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [Crushed chocolate covered coffee beans, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, 2 cups sugar, 4 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup milk, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons espresso powder, 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur, One 8ounce container mascarpone, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, Cocoa powder, for garnish, Chocolate shavings, for garnish], title: Tiramisu Cupcakes, picturelink: Pai87H.tRg3XItgAgqP9RTxmPukxsy}, 16246: {instructions: For the hardcooked egg aioli: Place the eggs in a single layer in a straightsided sauce pan, and cover completely with water. Bring to a boil, and then remove from the heat and cover tightly with a lid, 15 minutes.nImmediately shock the eggs in an ice bath. When the eggs are cool enough to handle, gently peel off the shells and finely chop.nStir together the mayonnaise, dill, horseradish, mustard and capers until combined. Fold in the eggs, and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.nFor assembly: Slice the bread into 12inch slices, and then cut each slice lengthwise into 3 or 4 pieces to create 35 to 40 crostini.nTop each crostini with a slice of salmon and a dollop of the aioli, and garnish with dill fronds., ingredients: [8 large eggs, 2 12 cups mayonnaise, 12 cup chopped fresh dill, plus dill fronds for garnish, 6 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 6 heaping tablespoons wholegrain Dijon mustard4 tablespoons capers, drained, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 loaves Irish brown bread, 40 paperthin slices Irish smoked salmon], title: Irish Smoked Salmon on Brown Bread Crostini with HardCooked Egg Aioli, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 16247: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the yogurt, pomegranate molasses, cucumber, cumin and black pepper in a bowl. Season with salt, then cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Add the chopped mint just before serving, if desired. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nHeat a grill to medium heat.nCombine the spices in a small bowl. Stir in enough oil to make a paste and set aside. Brush the lamb leg with some canola oil and season top side of the meat with the curry rub. Let it sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.nSeason the lamb with salt, to taste. Put it on the grill, spice side down, and cook until slightly charred and a crust as formed. At this point, flip the leg over, close the grill cover and cook to a mediumrare doneness. Remove the meat from the grill to a cutting board, loosely tent it with foil and let it rest for 15 minutes. Thinly slice the lamb, against the grain, and arrange the meat on a serving platter. Serve with the raita., ingredients: [1 12 cups Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses, 12 cup coarsely chopped cucumber, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves, optional, 6 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 4 teaspoons ground cumin, 4 teaspoons ground coriander, 4 teaspoons ground fennel, 4 teaspoons ground turmeric, 2 teaspoons ground cardamom, 2 teaspoons ground cloves, 2 teaspoons ground chile de arbol, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 14 cup canola oil, 1 boneless 5 to 7pound leg of lamb, butterflied, Canola oil, as needed, Kosher salt], title: Curry Crusted Leg of Lamb with Pomegranate Raita, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 16248: {instructions: For the blue cheese dressing: Combine the sour cream, mayonnaise, blue cheese, buttermilk, hot sauce and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Mix together until well blended. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the salad: Cut off about 2 inches of the root end of each romaine heart and discard. Remove 8 outer leaves from each and place them spineside down on a large serving platter. Chop up the remaining leaves into 12inchthick pieces and place in a large bowl. Add the tomatoes and blue cheese dressing and toss to coat.nEvenly distribute the dressed salad among the whole romaine leaves. These can be held in the refrigerator for up to 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [14 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Juice of 12 lemon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 romaine lettuce hearts, 2 cups quartered grape tomatoes or diced plum tomatoes], title: Salad Tacos, picturelink: null}, 16249: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil. Gently poach the fingerlings for 5 minutes. Drain the potatoes, cut in half and dry thoroughly.nHeat a large pan over mediumhigh heat. Melt the butter, add the leeks and season with salt and pepper. Saute until softened, about 8 minutes. Set aside.nIn the same pan, heat the olive oil. Put the fingerlings cutside down in the pan and cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes flip and repeat on the skin side. Add back the leeks, drizzle with the honey and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes.nSprinkle with the parsley and lemon zest. Season with additional salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [Salt, 2 pounds fingerling potatoes, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 leek, halved, thoroughly washed and then sliced up to pale green part, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 tablespoon minced fresh Italian parsley, 1 lemon, zested], title: PanFried HoneyLemon Fingerling Potatoes and Leeks, picturelink: Yb0ZnzDRSSra4vevByAXeWJOQmJfMm}, 16250: {instructions: Chop the tops off the chile peppers and shake out the seeds. Peel the daikon radish, and puncture one end deeply in several places with an ice pick or chopstick. Force the peppers into the holes, then set aside for 5 minutes to let the chiles soften.nGrate the stuffed daikon over a bamboo mat or cheesecloth, and squeeze out some of the moisture. Set aside for garnish.nWash and parboil the cabbage leaves in a large pot of water for 2 to 4 minutes, or until tender. Drain, salt lightly and pat dry. Lay the leaves on a bamboo mat and roll to form a tight cylinder. Press for a few minutes, then unwrap and cut into 1 12inch rounds. Refrigerate until ready to arrange the platter.nCut off the root cluster of the mushrooms. Separate each bunch into thirds and tie each bundle with a gourd strip. Parboil the carrots briefly and plunge into cold water. Drain and set aside.nArrange all of the ingredients on a large platter, decoratively placing the fish and other ingredients, and balancing the color.nPlace the kelp in a donabe casserole and fill 23 full of water. Bring just to the boiling point and remove the kelp. Begin by placing some of the fish into the pot.nAfter 2 or 3 minutes, place some of each remaining ingredient in pot. When ingredients are cooked, diners should remove them with chopsticks and dip them into ponzu sauce and daikon. Season to taste with chopped scallions and Daikon Pepper garnishes. Keep adding and cooking remaining ingredients.nWhen all of the fish and vegetables are eaten, diners can drink the remaining broth., ingredients: [2 to 3 dried chile peppers, 4inch length of daikon, 6 leaves Napa cabbage, 6 4inch strips dried gourd, softened in boiling water, 2 bunches enoki mushrooms, 2 blocks of tofu, cut into chunks, 1 bunch edible chrysanthemum leaves, washed and trimmed, 1 carrot, peeled and cut into rounds or decorative stamps, 1 bunch watercress, washed, 12 pound snow peas, blanched and halved diagonally, 2 12 pounds firm white fish fillets with skin, such as snapper or bream, cut into 2inch pieces, 4inch square giant kelp konbu, wiped with a damp towel to clean, 6 scallions, finely chopped, for garnish], title: Fish OnePot, picturelink: null}, 16251: {instructions: Put the oxtails, onions, salt, sugar, garlic powder, ketchup, soy sauce, liquid browning, allspice, tomatoes and scallions in a 10 to 12quart pot. Fill with enough water to cover everything. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium or mediumlow and cook until tender, 2 hours. Add the beans and stir. Thicken with cornstarch if using., ingredients: [7 pounds beef oxtails, 1 pound onions, minced, 1 ounce salt, 1 ounce sugar, 12ounce garlic powder, 14 cup ketchup, 13 cup soy sauce, 2 teaspoons liquid browning or soy sauce, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 tomatoes, diced, 1 bunch scallions, minced, 2 cans butter beans, drained, Cornstarch mixed with a little cold water, if necessary], title: Oxtail Stew, picturelink: null}, 16252: {instructions: Cook the polenta: In a medium, heavy pot over high heat bring the cream, stock, salt, and nutmeg to a boil. Add the polenta gradually, whisking constantly. When the mixture thickens, switch to a wooden spoon and adjust the heat to maintain a bare simmer. Cook, stirring often, until thick, smooth, and creamy, about 15 minutes. Add the Parmesan and stir. Keep the polenta warm over low heat, stirring occasionally. If the polenta gets dry as it sits, stir in about 14 cup of warm stock or cream.nSaute the mushrooms: In a medium skillet over high heat, heat the olive oil. When the oil is hot, sprinkle in the mushrooms in a single layer. Dont stir them Let them sizzle until they have caramelized on the bottom, about 2 minutes. When the bottoms are caramelized, toss them once and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Continue to cook without stirring for about 5 minutes. Season mushrooms with salt and pepper. Add the butter and cook until it begins to brown, then add the garlic. Continue to cook until the garlic begins to brown. Add the thyme and cook for about 10 seconds. Add the lemon juice and cook until the liquid evaporates. Add the wine, and simmer until the mushrooms are glazed with the sauce. Add the parsley. Then stir and remove the pan from the heat.nPlace or pipe about 1 tablespoon of warm polenta onto a spoon. Place about 12 teaspoon of the mushroom on top of the polenta. Garnish with grated Parmesan. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 teaspoon finely ground sea salt, preferably gray salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 1 cup polenta, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound button or cremini mushrooms, cut into quarters, Finely ground salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 34 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons finely chopped Italian parsley leaves], title: Polenta Bites with Caramelized Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 16253: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAioli: Combine the mayonnaise, mustard and paprika in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nBurger:nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nCombine the ground turkey, onion, carrot, bell pepper, Parmesan and all of the seasonings in a large bowl. Lightly whisk the egg separately and then fold it in to the meat mixture. Form the turkey into patties. Lightly brush grill grates with olive oil, then arrange the patties on the grill and firmly close the grills lid. Cook while making sure the patties obtain grill marks, about 6 to 8 minutes. Gently flip each burger over and continue grilling. Add the provolone after 3 minutes and shut the lid once more to melt the cheese, an additional 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the patties from heat and keep them warm by casually tenting them in foil. Reduce the grills heat to medium, add another brush of olive oil and arrange the buns on grill, toasting them until they are heated through and slightly crispy, about 2 minutes. Assemble the burgers by spreading the Paprika Aioli onto the bottom halves of the buns, and topping it with the meat patties. Garnish with a slice of avocado, a slice of tomato and a helping of alfalfa sprouts. Cover with the bun tops and enjoy, ingredients: [2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon Hungarian hot paprika, 12 pound ground dark meat turkey, 12 pound ground white meat turkey, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 carrots, shredded, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 3 heaping tablespoons grated Parmesan, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon Hungarian hot paprika, 12 teaspoon Hungarian sweet paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon dried habanero powder, 14 teaspoon powdered ginger, 14 teaspoon curry powder, Pinch salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 large egg, Olive oil, as needed, 4 slices provolone, 4 organic onion buns, 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and sliced, 1 tomato, sliced, Alfalfa sprouts, as needed], title: Tassas Turkey Cornucopia Burger with Paprika Aioli, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 16254: {instructions: For the hash browns: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nGrate the onion on the largest holes of a box grater into a large bowl. Grate the potatoes and put in a strainer lined with cheesecloth or a kitchen towel. Squeeze the liquid from the potatoes, then add the dry potatoes to the bowl with the onions. Season with salt and pepper. Add the herbs and mix until well combined.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil in a medium castiron skillet over medium heat. Drop 14 cup of the potato mixture into the skillet, pressing down lightly with a spatula. Repeat until there are 4 hash browns in the skillet. Cook until golden brown on the bottom, 5 to 7 minutes, reducing the heat to medium low if they start to brown too quickly. Flip and cook until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes more. Transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven. Repeat the process with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and remaining potato mixture.nFor the cheesy eggs: In a medium bowl, whisk together the milk and eggs and season with salt and pepper.nMelt the butter in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Lower the heat and add the egg mixture. Using a heatproof rubber spatula, push the eggs toward the center of the skillet and let the liquid run out. Cook, continually moving, until just set, about 2 minutes. Drop 2 tablespoons of the garlicherb cheese into the middle. Gently fold the cheese into the warm eggs.nDivide the hash browns among 4 plates. Top each with some cheesy eggs and sliced avocado. Dollop each portion of eggs with 1 tablespoon of the remaining garlicherb cheese. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 small onion, 1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs, such as parsley and thyme, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 8 large eggs, 12 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 6 tablespoons garlicherb cheese, such as Boursin, 1 avocado, sliced], title: Hash Browns with Cheesy Eggs and Avocado, picturelink: QdV.TvN5T4404t5XawY1js3QD6MLGq}, 16255: {instructions: Prepare the pork chops. Make a brine by combining the water, sugar, salt, thyme sprigs, clove and allspice berries in a resealable bag. Add the pork chops, seal up the bag and put in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nDrain the pork chops and pat dry. Using a paring knife, make a horizontal cut into the center of each chop to make a pocket. Stuff a slice of fontina and prosciutto inside each pocket and secure with a toothpick. Set 2 large cast iron skillets over mediumhigh heat and add a 2count of extravirgin olive oil to each skillet. Add 2 chops to each of the skillets and cook for 4 to 5 minutes until golden. Turn chops, push to 1 side and set grape clusters in pan. Drizzle with a little olive oil and season with salt and pepper before putting the pans in the oven. Roast chops for 5 to 7 minutes until cooked through and cheese has melted. Remove from oven when done and set chops and clusters of roasted grapes aside on a plate  keep warm.nConsolidate juices into 1 pan and set over medium heat. Add a splash of chicken stock to the pan, scraping the bottom to extract all the flavors. Fold in cold butter while whisking to thicken sauce. Season with salt and pepper. To serve, set 1 pork chop on each plate on top of a Grilled Polenta Square, garnish with a cluster of roasted grapes and drizzle with pan sauce. Set a stack of hydroponic watercress to 1 side and serve.nBring water and salt to a boil in a large saucepan. Gradually whisk in the cornmeal in a slow steady stream. Lower heat and continue to whisk until the polenta is thick and smooth, about 20 minutes. Add the cream and butter and continue to stir until incorporated. Remove from heat fold in Parmesan and black pepper. Pour the polenta into a buttered 9 by 13inch shallow baking dish and spread evenly with a spatula. Cover and chill a few hours. Cut the polenta into squares. Brush both sides with olive oil and transfer to a hot grill. Grill on both sides until golden brown., ingredients: [4 bonein pork chops, about 1 12 inches thick, 2 quarts water, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup kosher salt, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 10 cloves, 6 allspice berries, 8 slices about 3 ounces prosciutto, 4 slices about 3 ounces fontina, 12 cup chicken stock, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled, 4 sprigs flatleaf parsley, for garnish, 1 pound California red grapes, on the vine and cut into 4 smaller clustersbunches, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Grilled Polenta Squares, recipe follows, 8 cups water, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups polentayellow cornmeal, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Fresh cracked black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Fontina and Prosciutto Stuffed Pork Chops with Grilled Polenta Squares and Roasted California Grapes, picturelink: 0bssw4q1tU0SUvESKln9OdvcJVaaae}, 16256: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn an oiled shallow baking dish, combine lemon juice, Dijon, honey, and lemon zest. Stir together. Season both sides of salmon fillets with salt and pepper and place in the baking dish. Flip salmon to coat in glaze. Bake immediately or cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for up to 3 hours.nWhen ready to cook, preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Bake 10 minutes or until fish is forktender., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 4 5ounce salmon fillets, Salt and ground black pepper, Cooking spray], title: Honey Mustard Glazed Salmon Fillets, picturelink: zaV3DtSRclU5O6F2B44CZuhS5O6NK}, 16257: {instructions: Bring water for pasta to a boil. Salt the water add the pasta and cook to al dente, about 7 to 8 minutes. Use a vegetable peeler to make ribbons of carrot and zucchini. Keep the vegetables flat on counter and run the peeler the length of the vegetable. Drop the carrots and zucchini into the pasta water for the last 4 minutes of cooking time.nHeat a medium skillet over medium heat with extravirgin olive oil and butter. Saute the shallots and garlic 3 to 4 minutes then add peas and heat through, 2 minutes, stir in wine, reduce for half a minute and stir in stock. Toss drained pasta and vegetables with the sauce, season with salt and pepper, and combine with cheese and parsley., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound spinach fettuccine, 2 carrots, peeled, 2 medium zucchini, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup frozen green peas, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup vegetable or chicken stock, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus some to pass at table, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, a generous handful], title: Spinach Fettuccine Primavera, picturelink: 8PL9UXsSBb695HYLH7yNvMDh4iVgP6W}, 16258: {instructions: For the beef tartare: Fill a large bowl with ice and place a smaller bowl over the ice. Finely dice the beef and place it in the bowl over the ice. This will help to keep the meat fresh. In another large bowl, combine the cheese, olives, oil, mustard, shallots, celery leaves, chives and parsley. Add the beef and stir gently to combine. Season with hot sauce, salt and pepper.nFor the crispy parsnips: Heat the canola oil in a deep fryer to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C. Fry the parsnips until golden brown and crisp. Transfer to a baking sheet lined with paper towels to drain. Season with smoked salt and pepper. To serve, divide the beef tartare among plates and garnish with the crispy parsnips., ingredients: [2 pounds1kg beef tenderloin, 1 cup250ml cubed ParmigianoReggiano, 14 cup60ml garlicstuffed olives, halved, 3 tablespoons45ml olive oil, 1 tablespoon15ml Dijon mustard, 2 shallots, diced, A handful celery leaves, A handful fresh chives, finely chopped, A handful fresh parsley, chopped, Green hot sauce, such as Tabasco, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, for frying, 6 parsnips, peeled and julienned, Smoked salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Beef Tartare, picturelink: null}, 16259: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the pork butt in a shallow pan. To the pork rub, add the dry mustard and mix well. Rub the whole surface with the Pork Rub. Drizzle the surface with olive oil and rub well again. Cover and refrigerate at least 6 hours or overnight in the refrigerator.nSoak the apple chips in cold water for at least 30 minutes. Preheat 1 side of the charcoal grill to medium. Drain the apple chips and place on the hot side of the grill in the wood chip tray or in a small metal tray by the fire. Keep the other half of the grill on very low heat.nPlace the pork on the hotter side of the grill and sear until golden brown on all sides, about 15 minutes. Remove to the lower heat side of the grill. Cook slowly, over low heat, 300 degrees F, until the meat is tender and falling off the bone, about 2 12 hours. Turn the meat every 20 minutes or so.nRemove from the grill and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice or shred into bitesize pieces and place in a large bowl. Toss with desired amount of BBQ Sauce. Place on buns and top with red onions and pickles.nMix all ingredients together and stir well.nYield: about 1 cupnIn a medium saucepan, over medium heat, add the vegetable oil. Saute the onions, garlic, and oregano until translucent, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients, ketchup, tomato puree, Worcestershire sauce, honey, brown sugar, hot sauce, paprika, cayenne, cumin, coriander, salt and black pepper. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally, then lower heat to a simmer and allow to simmer for 1 hour 30 minutes.nTaste and adjust seasoning and heat to desired taste.nYield: about 3 cups, ingredients: [1 5 to 6 pounds pork butt, 12 cup Pork Rub, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, Olive oil, Apple chips, soaked in water, BBQ sauce, recipe follows, 8 large rolls, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 2 large pickles, sliced into thin rounds, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 4 tablespoons onion powder, 4 tablespoons garlic powder, 4 tablespoons dried thyme, 4 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons mild paprika, 2 tablespoons hot paprika, 4 teaspoons cayenne, 4 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 2 teaspoons white pepper, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 medium onion, minced, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 cup ketchup, 1 cup tomato puree, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 13 cup honey, 13 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons southern style hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Slow Cooked Apple Smoked Barbecue Pork, picturelink: 9QBg.dGLQ9YWqIIChrRFwehONIGnfSy}, 16260: {instructions: Bring the broth to a simmer in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat cover and keep warm.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Reduce the heat to medium low. Stir in the wine until the liquid is absorbed, about 3 minutes.nLadle in 34 cup hot broth and cook, stirring constantly, until the liquid is absorbed, 6 to 7 minutes. Repeat with the remaining broth, adding 34 cup at a time, until the rice is tender but somewhat chewy, about 50 minutes.nStir in 34 teaspoon salt, pepper to taste and 12 cup parmesan. Divide among bowls. Top with the remaining 14 cup parmesan and the basil., ingredients: [6 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 1 12 cups black rice, 12 cup dry white wine, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 34 cup grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced], title: Black Rice Risotto, picturelink: v2UPZ64avJ1BzkzOirPI.KPpGZe16Km}, 16261: {instructions: To prepare salad, combine juice, molasses, olive oil, salt, and pepper in a small bowl, stirring with a whisk. Combine Croutons, juice mixture, spinach, onion, and oranges toss well to coat. Serve immediately.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees.nTo prepare croutons, combine first 3 ingredients in a small bowl. Place won ton strips and vegetable oil in a large ziptop plastic bag seal and toss to coat. Open bag. Sprinkle with cumin mixture seal and toss to coat.nPlace won ton strips in a single layer on 2 baking sheets. Bake at 400 degrees for 8 minutes or until crisp turn strips once. Cool., ingredients: [13 cup fresh orange juice, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, Croutons, recipe follows, 12 cups torn spinach about 6 ounces, 1 cup thinly sliced red onion, Two 11ounce cans mandarin oranges in light syrup, drained, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 ounces won ton wrappers, cut into 14inch strips, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil], title: Spinach Salad with Pomegranate Dressing and Crispy Won Ton Croutons, picturelink: null}, 16262: {instructions: Cook the beans: Rinse the beans, place in a saucepan, and add cold water to cover by 2 inches. Bring to a boil, cover, and remove from the heat. Let stand for about 20 minutes, then drain.nReturn the beans to the saucepan along with the prosciutto, onion, celery, carrot, garlic, and bay leaf. Pour in the chicken stock and then add water as needed to cover the beans by 2 inches. Slowly bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat. If you heat them too fast, the skins may break. Adjust the heat to maintain a bare simmer and cook, uncovered, until the beans are almost tender, 20 minutes or longer, depending on the age of the beans. Add salt, to taste, and continue cooking until the beans are tender but not mushy, about 20 minutes longer. Remove from the heat and let the beans cool in the liquid.nMeanwhile, make the bruschetta: Preheat a stovetop grill pan. Place the bread slices in a single layer on the grill pan and toast until each side is crisp and has grill marks, about 6 minutes. You can also toast the bread in a 500 degrees F oven on a baking sheet. Remove from the pan and lightly brush the bread slices on both sides with olive oil, then season lightly with salt. Let cool.nStrain the cooled beans and other solids through a sieve, reserving the liquid. In a food processor, puree the beans and solids in batches with 3 12 cups of the cooking liquid and 2 tablespoons olive oil. Using a rubber spatula, push the solids through a fine mesh sieve into a clean large saucepan you should have about 6 cups of soup in the saucepan. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper, then bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally.nMeanwhile, in a small skillet over high heat, warm the 14 cup olive oil. Turn on the fan above your stove. Add the garlic to the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until it begins to turn brown. Add the red pepper flakes and cook for a few seconds, then add the basil. Cook until basil wilts.nTo serve, ladle the hot soup into warmed bowls. Top the soup with the basil mixture. Serve bruschetta with each bowl, adding Parmesan, if desired., ingredients: [1 pound dried cannellini beans, 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, 1 yellow onion, quartered lengthwise, 1 celery stalk, quartered crosswise, 1 carrot, quartered crosswise, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and lightly crushed, 1 bay leaf, 1 quart chicken stock, Finely ground sea salt, preferably gray salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, optional, 6 slices countrystyle bread, each 34inch thick, Extravirgin olive oil, Finely ground sea salt, preferably gray salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 to 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup lightly packed fresh basil leaves, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: SuperTuscan White Bean Soup, picturelink: P8VVbMCV0PtZMYs1h0rnbC1Yp1v30oS}, 16263: {instructions: Put a small saucepan, filled halfway with water, over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Stir in the sugar and a pinch of salt. Add the onions and poach until fork tender. Remove the onions from the water to a small bowl and cool. Halve the onions and set aside.nMeanwhile, make the vinaigrette: Chop the garlic and shallot in a food processor or blender. Add the thyme and rosemary leaves and pulse to combine. Add the vinegar, lemon zest and juice, and a pinch of salt and pepper. With the motor running, slowly pour in the olive oil until the mixture is emulsified. Pour the mixture into a bowl and stir in the chives. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside.nHeat a small saute pan over mediumlow heat. Add the sliced almonds and toast for 3 to 4 minutes. Stir them so they dont burn Remove from the heat and let cool.nTo assemble the salad, put the arugula in a large bowl, add the toasted almonds, grape tomatoes, fennel, cipollini onions, and a few spoonfuls of dressing. Add more dressing, to taste, and season with salt and pepper, if needed. Serve the salad on chilled plates and garnish the top with cheese, ingredients: [1 teaspoon sugar, Salt, 3 cipollini onions, peeled, 2 cloves garlic, 1 shallot, finely diced, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves only, 12 cup champagne vinegar, 2 tablespoons lemon zest, plus 1 12 lemons, juiced, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 cups olive oil, 1 bunch fresh chives, chopped, 14 cup sliced almonds, 1 12 cups arugula, 8 grape tomatoes, halved, 2 small bulbs fennel, sliced, 12 cup grated jack cheese, for garnish], title: Arugula and Fennel Salad with LemonHerb Vinaigrette, picturelink: iACnc0L4pJkrhMpQ02TF183DAPcMRrS}, 16264: {instructions: In a blender on high speed, or in a small food processor, add the ginger and garlic and blend until you have a paste. In a large bowl combine the ginger and garlic paste with the remaining ingredients. Add the chicken and mix until the chicken is evenly coated. Let marinate in the refrigerator overnight.nGrill chicken over mediumhigh heat until it is fully cooked and tender.nYou can also bake the chicken in the oven: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the chicken and remaining marinade evenly in a baking pan. Cover with aluminum foil and bake for 30 to 40 minutes, or until chicken is tender.nServe with mint or yogurt., ingredients: [2 to 3inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon red chili powder, 12 teaspoon garam masala, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar or lemon juice, 1 cup plain yogurt, plus more for garnish, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 pound chicken breast, boneless and cut in small pieces, Mint leaves, for garnish], title: Chicken Tikka Masala, picturelink: 5ONMhIhmVPa783qJ8efaP3D3bMs3LK}, 16265: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange the fresh figs, cut side up, in a buttered 2quart baking or gratin dish. Sprinkle the dried figs and raspberries around and on top of the fresh figs. Set aside. In a blender or food processor, combine the flour, 1 14 cups of the cream, the sugar, eggs, and salt. Process until wellmixed, about 30 seconds. Pour the batter over the fruit. Sprinkle the top with the sliced almonds. Bake in the middle of the oven until the top is golden and the batter is slightly firm to the touch, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer the pan to a rack and let it cool for 15 minutes. In the meantime, combine the remaining 1cup cream with the confectioners sugar and the vanilla, and whip until soft peaks form. Spoon the clafoutis onto individual plates, and serve with whipped cream., ingredients: [10 fresh figs about 1 pound, halved lengthwise, 6 dried figs, thinly sliced, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 14 cups heavy cream, 12 cup sugar, 3 eggs, Pinch salt, 13 cup sliced almonds, 2 teaspoons confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Fig and Raspberry Clafoutis, picturelink: null}, 16266: {instructions: Sprinkle the flour on a work table. Roll out the pizza dough to about 14inch thickness. Cut the dough into small squares resembling ravioli squares.nHeat up the extravirgin olive oil in a deep saucepan. Gently place the doughsquares in the hot oil, a few at a time, and fry until they have puffed up and are golden. Turn the dough over to cook on all sides.nTransfer to a plate with a slotted spoon and place on an absorbent paper towel. Sprinkle with salt, while hot. Drizzle with honey and serve.nAdd the water to a bowl. Then add the yeast a little at a time and break up the cube of yeast with your hands. Cooks Note: You can also use yeast in the powder form. Let the yeast fully dissolve in the warm water and let stand for 2 minutes.nAdd the flour on a smooth work surface and create a well in the center of the flour. Slowly add the yeastwater mixture, olive oil, and salt until the flour has absorbed the liquid. Knead the dough until the mixture becomes an even dough consistency. If necessary, add a little more flour to absorb any excess liquid.nDivide the dough into 4 equal portions to make individualsize pizzas. Place on a lightlyfloured surface or pan and cover with a cloth. Let rest for about an hour at room temperature or until the dough has doubled in size., ingredients: [Flour, for work table, 10 ounces300 g pizza dough, recipe follows or prepared pizza dough, 1 cup300 ml extravirgin olive oil, Salt, 3 tablespoons45 ml honey, for drizzling, 2 cups500 ml lukewarm water, 1 cube or 2 tablespoons30 ml fresh yeast, 4 cups1 L allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons30 ml extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon5 ml salt], title: I Cocoli, picturelink: null}, 16267: {instructions: Place shallot, garlic, white wine and saffron in a small saucepan and reduce by 34. Place the mixture into a blender, add the vinegar, mustard and honey and blend until smooth. With the motor running, drizzle in the olive oil and blend until emulsified. Add the tomatoes and blend for 10 second, just to chop slightly. Season with salt and peppernHeat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and cook until soft. Increase heat, add clam broth and squid ink and reduce by half, season with salt and pepper, tonHeat grill. Brush scallops with oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 1 to 2 minutes on each side.nAssemble: Squid ink broth 1 pound angel hair pasta, cooked al dente and drained well Grilled Scallops TomatoSaffron Vinaigrette Chopped parsleynBring the squid ink broth to a simmer over low heat. Add the angel hair pasta to the broth and toss to coat. Divide the pasta among 4 plates. Arrange 3 scallops around the edge of the pasta and drizzle with the vinaigrette and choppe, ingredients: [1 shallot, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup white wine, Pinch of saffron, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 plum tomatoes, sliced in half and oven roasted until soft and chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 cups clam broth, 1 tablespoons squid ink, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 sea scallops, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Sea Scallops with Angel Hair Cooked in Squid Ink and Roasted TomatoSaffron Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 16268: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the onions and saute for a few minutes, until softened. Add the apricots and couscous, and cook for 2 minutes to toast the couscous. Add 1 14 cups water, the beef broth and the salt, and bring to a boil. Turn the heat down to low, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is absorbed and the couscous is tender, 10 to 12 minutes.nTransfer the couscous to a serving dish and serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 medium red onion, diced, 14 cup chopped dried apricots, 1 34 cups Israeli couscous, 34 cup beef broth, 1 12 teaspoons salt], title: CrowdPleasing Couscous, picturelink: F.xqvGCrucRBbQMvIzK6N2rw56Hui}, 16269: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a saute pan large enough to hold all the tomatoes in one layer. Add the garlic to the oil and cook over medium heat for 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes, basil, parsley, thyme, salt, and pepper. Reduce the heat to low and cook for 5 to 7 minutes, tossing occasionally, until the tomatoes begin to loose their firm round shape. Sprinkle with a little fresh chopped basil and parsley and serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced garlic 2 cloves, 2 pints cherry tomatoes or grape tomatoes, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus more for garnish, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Garlic and Herb Tomatoes, picturelink: sn3dJCiu3bzuV84rT7motl7R.2VG2}, 16270: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl combine all ingredients and mix to coat the squash.nPlace squash on a nonstick baking sheet or a baking sheet lined with foil. Bake until the squash is tender and brown about 30 to 35 minutes making sure to flip the squash after 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 20ounce package peeled cubed butternut squash, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon lemon pepper seasoning, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Balsamic Glazed Butternut Squash, picturelink: mMw2pKBf1gZwVPewQ8im4iTXNqZlW}, 16271: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhip all ingredients to stiff peaks. Set aside until making the puddingnMix sugar, flour and salt in a large heavy saucepan. Gradually stir in the scalded milk with a whisk. Cook the mixture over moderate heat while stirring constantly until slightly thickened. Slowly stir in approximately 14 cup the hot mixture into the beaten egg yolks. Next add the yolks to the balance of the hot mixture and cook, stirring constantly until the mixture is fully thickened to a custardlike consistency and coats a spoon. Remove from heat and stir in the vanilla. Let cool completely and then fold in 12 cup of the whipped cream. Use a large crystal bowl or a trifle bowl and spread a little of the custard on the bottom. Alternately layer banana slices and vanilla wafers, reserving 4 wafers, with custard in between each. Repeat and end with vanilla wafers on top. Spread remaining whipped cream over the top. Grind the 4 reserved wafers coarsely and mix with the ground macadamia nuts. Sprinkle on top of the whipped cream. Garnish with a fresh sprig of mint. Chill at least 30 minutes and serve., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups scalded milk, 3 large egg yolks, beaten, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Whipped cream mixture, 1 12ounce box vanilla wafers, 5 medium size ripe bananas, peeled and thinly sliced, 14 cup roasted macadamia nuts, coarsely ground, Sprig fresh mint], title: Banana Pudding, picturelink: ZPCzRAOE8282tk0tNT0T3ZTpXKemwK}, 16272: {instructions: Coarsely chop the tomatoes, making sure to reserve the juice. Place tomatoes and juice in large bowl. Add the vinegar, 3 tablespoons of the extravirgin olive oil, and the basil. Add the tablespoon of olive oil to a saute pan over medium high heat. Saute the garlic for 3 minutes, stirring. Do not allow it to brown. Add to tomato mixture. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Let mixture sit at room temperature for at least 4 hours. When ready to serve, cook linguine in a large pot of boiling, salted water. When pasta is al dente, drain in a large colander, then transfer to a large bowl. Toss linguine with a tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil and then with the ParmigianoReggiano. Divide linguine among 4 to 6 bowls. Top each bowl with about a cup of tomato chunks, retrieved from the tomato mixture with a slotted spoon. Ladle the remaining liquid around., ingredients: [3 pounds very ripe tomatoes, 3 tablespoons redwine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil plus 1 tablespoon pure olive oil, 12 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, Salt, pepper to taste, 1 pound linguine, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Linguine with Raw Tomatoes and Basil, picturelink: null}, 16273: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the wine, peach puree, brandy, syrup, blackberries and sliced peaches in a pitcher. Cover the pitcher and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours. Serve the sangria over ice in red wine goblets. Garnish the goblets with sliced peaches., ingredients: [1 bottle red Spanish table wine, chilled, 1 12 cups peach puree, from fresh peaches, 1 cup peach brandy, 14 cup simple syrup, chilled, 1 cup fresh blackberries, 2 ripe peaches, halved, pitted and sliced, plus more for garnish, Ice cubes], title: PeachBlackberry Sangria, picturelink: l7SCZQ4Gl8EZczpx0rI.VhcgH5VNKwW}, 16274: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Heavily butter madeleine mold including outer edges and chill. In bowl of electric mixer beat eggs with sugar for 6 to 8 minutes or until mixture falls in a ribbon when beater is lifted. Stir in grated orange rind and orange juice. Sift flour over mixture, onefourth at a time and fold in lightly with a rubber spatula. Add butter in a stream, folding it in and making sure that no butter remains at the bottom of the bowl. Spoon batter into prepared madeleine mold, filling each indentation twothirds full and arrange mold on baking sheet. Bake in lower third of oven for 10 minutes or until golden brown at the edges. Turn them out onto a rack and let cool to warm., ingredients: [2 eggs, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon grated orange rind, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 12 cup flour, 4 12 tablespoons clarified butter], title: Madeleines, picturelink: null}, 16275: {instructions: Steam green beans covered in 12inch boiling water for 2 minutes. Transfer beans to a colander and run under cold water. Drain well.nHeat a wok shaped skillet or large nonstick frying pan over high heat. Go oncearoundthepan with wok or vegetable oil, add several drops sesame oil, and crushed pepper flakes. The pan will smoke. Add beans and stirfry for 2 minutes. Add sesame seeds and coarse salt and toss to coat beans evenly., ingredients: [1 12 pounds green beans, washed and trimmed, 1 tablespoon wok or vegetable oil, 1 turn of the pan in a slow stream, 1 teaspoon dark sesame oil, several drops or a drizzle, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds a handful, Coarse salt], title: Sesame Green Beans, picturelink: HsjGfqzOu6zefbpyoeLCdM3bF48HEJG}, 16276: {instructions: Lay salmon slices flat. Spread each slice thickly with 2 tablespoons cream cheese. Roll up jelly rollstyle into even, 1inch thick rolls. Wrap each tightly in plastic wrap, twisting ends to make a compact package. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour to firm. Using a sharp knife, cut each into 14inch thick rounds. Place one round on each cucumber., ingredients: [1 pound smoked salmon, cut into 8 slices, 1 cup chive cream cheese, 6 1inch diameter Kirby cucumbers, washed, dried, and cut into 14inch thick rounds], title: Smoked Salmon Roulades, picturelink: null}, 16277: {instructions: First blanch the haricots verts in salted boiling water until al dente or cooked to your liking. Once this is done, drain the beans into a strainer or colander and then they should be shocked by dunking the strainer of beans into a waiting bowl of ice water to stop the cooking process, which will also help them retain a great color. Drain and set aside in refrigerator until needed.nPlace 1 of the limes in a small microwavesafe bowl and microwave it until the essential oils in the skin are released. These limes will be hot coming from the microwave, so you can let them cool before squeezing them. Turn on the blender and through the feed tube, add the rosemary, tarragon, cilantro, stoneground mustard, rice wine vinegar, and fresh ginger, and blend together until a smooth paste has formed. At this point the limes should be cool enough to squeeze. With the power on, add the lime juice through the blender feedtube, and then very slowly add the oil and water until the mixture thickens and can coat the back of a spoon. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Set aside in refrigerator until needed. When chilled, the dressing should resemble something like mayonnaise.nReserve some of the dressing to drizzle on the plate later. Then, mix the beans, tomato, and onions with the dressing adjusting the amount to your preference and refrigerate for only a couple of hours. Dont mix too far ahead, because the salad ingredients will bleed and you will have a very runny dressing.nHeat a large saute pan or heavy skillet for about 3 minutes over high heat. Season the salmon fillets with your choice of seasoning. Add the oil carefully, a little bit at a time, to the pan swirling it around to coat the sides. Place the salmon, flesh side down, and leave untouched for about 3 minutes. Do not shake the pan You are trying to get the fishs natural sugars to come to the surface in this browning process. After about 3 minutes, use a spatula to turn the fish over and cook the other side. The fish will cook quickly, although cooking time will vary according to the thickness of the fillet. Do not overcook it. When you touch the flesh and it springs back, it is done. Remove the fish to a platter and let it rest for a couple of minutes. This rest time is very important it will allow the juices to flow back into the fish. Dont worry, it wont get cold, ingredients: [1 pound haricots verts very thin string beans, 2 limes, 14 cup fresh rosemary leaves, 18 cup fresh tarragon leaves, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons stoneground mustard, 18 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger, 12 cup grapeseed oil or your choice of olive or canola oil, plus 14 cup, 18 cup bottled water, 2 tomatoes, seeds removed and finely diced, 1 medium red onion, finely diced, Six 6ounce salmon fillets, skin on, Salt and pepper or adobo seasoning], title: Pan Seared Salmon with Haricots Verts Salad, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 16278: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMix together 1 teaspoon of the salt, with the coriander and turmeric, rub spice mixture all over the chicken and season with black pepper. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sear the chicken thighs on both sides until golden brown, about 6 minutes total, and transfer to a plate. Reduce heat to medium, remove pan from heat and add the cumin seeds and cook until golden brown and aromatic, about 15 seconds. Add the scallions, return pan to heat and cook until softened, about 1 minute. Add the cabbage and remaining 1 12 teaspoons salt, toss together, and wilt slightly, about 2 minutes. Nestle seared chicken thighs into cabbage, place pan in oven and cook in until the chicken is cooked through and the cabbage is tender, about 10 to 12 minutes, the chicken should register 160 degrees on an instantread meat thermometer. Sprinkle with the cilantro, lemon juice, and pepper. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 4 bonein chicken thighs, skin removed about 1 pound, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 1 bunch scallions white and green parts, thinly sliced, 12 small head green cabbage, cored, halved, and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped cilantro leaves, Squeeze of lemon juice], title: Spice Rubbed Chicken Thighs with Cumin Scented Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 16279: {instructions: Simmer the pork in large pot of water until tender. Drain the pork and return it to the pot. Add the enchilada sauce, cilantro, onion, green onion and green chiles and simmer until heated thoroughly., ingredients: [3 34 pounds lean pork, diced, One 21ounce can green enchilada sauce, 13 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 13 large onion, chopped, 13 bunch green onions, chopped, 1 12 ounces canned diced green chiles, 1 fresh jalapeno, seeded and chopped, Garlic powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pork Chili Verde, picturelink: acSZBOGQH39CyoOnadSIXkEjd2RhK3e}, 16280: {instructions: Remove the tenderloins small muscle on the underside from the chicken breasts. Cut the chicken breasts in half lengthwise. Cut all the chicken into 1 12inch pieces. Season with 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper.nHeat the oil in a large ovenproof pot over high heat. When the oil is almost smoking, add the chicken. Cook until well browned on 2 sides, turning once, 6 to 7 minutes total. Add the sausage to the pan. Cook for 10 seconds.nSeason the shrimp with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Add the shrimp to the pan, stir once then cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in 1 12 teaspoons paprika and the oregano. Pour the mixture onto a baking sheet to cool.nReturn the pan to high heat. Add onions, carrots, and celery. Pour the juices from the baking sheet into the pan. Reduce the heat to mediumlow. Cook until the vegetables are soft, but not brown, about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRaise the heat to high. Add 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, and remaining 2 teaspoons paprika. Cook for 2 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the rice. Stir to evenly coat the grains with oil. Cook for 1 minute. Add the stock and bring it up to a simmer. Add the tomatoes and stir to incorporate. Sprinkle in the saffron. Taste and adjust the seasonings, if needed. Cook until the liquid comes back to a simmer. Cover and put the pan in the oven. Cook for 15 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven. Return the chicken, sausage, and shrimp to the pan. Cover the pan again and put it back in the oven to cook for an additional 10 to 15 minutes until everything is warm.nServe the paella warm with a bowl of pepperoncini on the side. Invite guest to add a couple pepperoncini to the servings and drizzle some of their vinegar on the paella., ingredients: [4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, about 2 pounds total, Finely ground sea salt, preferably gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 ounces spicy dried Italian sausage, cut crosswise into 18inch slices quartered if large, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 12 teaspoons Spanish paprika, divided, 2 tablespoons whole fresh oregano leaves, 1 cup finely chopped yellow onion, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 12 cup finely chopped carrot, 3 cups arborio rice, 6 cups chicken stock, 1 small can 12 ounces peeled crushed tomatoes or 1 pound fresh tomatoes, peeled, seeded or quartered, 1 teaspoon saffron, Pepperoncini, for serving], title: Paella Italiana, picturelink: XKJHTX6aGeHmatscV1NkGMFARV0qy3y}, 16281: {instructions: Fill your largest pot 34 full with water and bring to a boil on high heat. Melt the butter and croutons in a skillet. Add the mustard and caraway seeds and stir over medium heat until the butter browns and smells nutty. Remove the skillet from the heat, but leave dressing in the pan. Add the salt and sugar to the boiling water and cook until dissolved. Place the cabbage in the boiling water and cook for 2 minutes exactly. Drain the cabbage in the bowl of the salad spinner or colander. Spin the cabbage to remove any excess water. Add the cabbage to the buttercrumb dressing and toss to coat thoroughly., ingredients: [12 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup pulverized, seasoned croutons, 2 pinches dry mustard, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 1 small head cabbage, shredded, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Shred, Head, Butter and Bread, picturelink: null}, 16282: {instructions: Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a deep skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and chopped sage and cook until the garlic just starts to brown, about 4 minutes. Add the beans including the liquid from the cans and 1 cup water. Increase the heat to medium high and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes. Add the kale and cook, stirring occasionally, until the kale is tender and the liquid looks creamy, 8 to 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, toss the tomatoes, celery, olives and roasted peppers in a medium bowl. Heat the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat, then fry the sage leaves until crisp, 3 to 4 minutes drain on paper towels. Reserve the oil.nBreak the tuna into large chunks and divide among shallow bowls. Spoon the bean mixture around the tuna and top with the olive salad and fried sage. Drizzle with the reserved sage oil and season with salt.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 16 fresh sage leaves 8 chopped, 8 whole, 2 15ounce cans cannellini beans, 34 pound kale, stems and ribs discarded, large leaves torn in half, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup grape tomatoes, thinly sliced, 3 inner stalks celery, thinly sliced with some leaves, 12 cup chopped pitted kalamata olives, 13 cup chopped roasted red peppers, 1 12ounce can solid white albacore tuna in water, drained], title: Tuscan Beans With Tuna, picturelink: MZN.dXY7MXql2RiumqBgP6kzi6TEPG}, 16283: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Use about half of the olive oil to rub all the vegetables and place them on a large baking sheet the tomatoes should be cut side up and the garlic should be tucked underneath the other vegetables so it does not burn. Roast the vegetables, removing the tomatoes after about 15 minutes, the garlic after 30 minutes, the eggplants and peppers after 45 to 60 minutes depending on their size, and the onions and potatoes after 1 hour. All the vegetables should be softened and golden. As the vegetables are cool enough to handle, peel the garlic and halve it lengthwise. Peel the eggplants and peppers and tear them into thin strips with your fingers.nArrange all the vegetables on a large round platter, making an attractive design with the colors. All the pieces should be small enough so that the mixture can be scooped up onto a croute. Season generously with salt and pepper and sprinkle with lemon juice. Drizzle the remaining olive oil over the top and scatter on the parsley. If desired, sprinkle with goat cheese and chopped olives. Place the toasted croutes around the edge of the platter., ingredients: [13 cup Spanish olive oil, 15 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 3 medium tomatoes, halved crosswise, 1 12 pounds small eggplants, 3 large red bell peppers, 3 medium onions, 3 Russet potatoes, halved lengthwise, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, halved, 12 small bunch flat leaf parsley, leaves only, finely chopped, 13 cup crumbled goat cheese optional, 13 cup whole Spanish green olives stuffed with pimientos, coarsely chopped, 1 loaf country white bread, sliced 12inch thick and toasted until golden], title: Escalivada, picturelink: null}, 16284: {instructions: Special equipment: soaked butcher twinenFor the jam: Burn the onions on a grill or under the broiler until completely charred, about 8 minutes. Chop the burnt onions into a fine paste adding the vinegar in small amounts.nFor the steak: Preheat the grill. Butterfly the steak and sprinkle one side liberally with salt and pepper. Thinly coat the same side of the steak with the mustard. Lightly top the mustard with 1 tablespoon of the burnt onion jam, spreading evenly but trying not to mix the two. Sprinkle the parsley and rosemary on top and cover everything with the cheese.nRoll the roulade tightly and secure with three pieces of wet butcher twine. Brush the outside with olive oil, then sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill for about 12 minutes. Rest the meat, and then cut into four slices and serve with some roasted piquillo peppers., ingredients: [4 large red onions, sliced into 14inch rings, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, One 8ounce wagyu skirt steak, cleaned and trimmed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons flatleaf parsley leave, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary needles, chopped, 1 cup grated Parmesan, Olive oil, for brushing, Fireroasted piquillo peppers, for serving], title: Wagyu Skirt Steak Roulade, picturelink: UP6M9sMn4KPPS6OS6cf.tTlNrYgw0wa}, 16285: {instructions: Make 4 deep, diagonal slashes down to the bone on both sides of the fish. Insert the ginger into the slashes. Refrigerate the fish until ready to cook.nIn a small saucepan, bring the sake, soy sauce, 14 cup lemon juice, and sugar to a boil. Remove the pan from the heat, and let it cool. Stir in the sliced scallions.nFill a wok or deepfryer large enough to hold the fish with peanut oil to cover the fish by 1 inch. Heat the oil until very hot, about 375 degrees F on a deepfrying thermometer.nSeason the fish lightly all over with salt and pepper, then dust it lightly but evenly with cornstarch. Hold the fish by the tail, carefully slip it head first and away from you into the hot oil. Fry it until the skin is crispy and golden brown and the flesh is cooked through, flaky, and separates easily from the bone, about 10 minutes.nWith longhandled metal tongs, remove the fish from the wok, letting excess oil drip back into the wok. Transfer the fish to a serving platter. Garnish the fish with scallion strips and cilantro and squeeze the lemon half over it. Serve immediately, passing the sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 whole black bass, cleaned and scaled, fins trimmed, 8 14inch thick slices fresh ginger, 12 cup sake, 12 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup lemon juice, plus 12 lemon for garnish, 1 teaspoon sugar, Peanut oil, for deepfrying, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, plus 2 scallions, cut into strips, for garnish, Fresh cilantro sprigs, for garnish], title: AsianStyle Sizzling Black Bass, picturelink: null}, 16286: {instructions: For the rice: Place the rice in a heavybottomed saucepan, and add the boiling water. Bring the mixture to a boil, and then cover it with a tightfitting lid, and reduce the heat to low. Cook for 15 to 20 minutes. Uncover the pan, and remove it from the heat. Fluff up the rice grains with a fork, and serve immediately.nFor the sauce: In a blender, puree the garlic, tomatoes, ginger, chopped chile, red pepper, water, ketchup, and brown sugar.nFor the chicken: Heat a wok over a high heat, and add the groundnut oil. Add the chicken to the hot pan, and stirfry for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the pieces start to turn brown. Add the zucchini, and red peppers and stirfry together for another 1 minute. Pour in the sauce, and bring everything to a boil.nSeason the dish with the soy sauce and garnish with the spring onions, and serve immediately with the jasmine rice., ingredients: [12 ounces jasmine or basmati rice, washed until the water runs clear, 2 cups boiling water, 4 cloves garlic, crushed and finely chopped, 2 tomatoes, sliced, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, sliced and finely chopped, 1 medium red chile, seeded and finely chopped, 12 red pepper, seeded and sliced into strips, 5 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons tomato ketchup, 1 teaspoon light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon groundnut oil peanut, 9 ounces skinless chicken breasts, sliced, 1 zucchini, sliced into strips, 12 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced into strips, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 2 large spring onions green, sliced lengthwise], title: Chile Chicken with Jasmine Rice, picturelink: null}, 16287: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Combine all spices and place in a mortar. Using the pestle, crush them. Set aside. In a medium saucepot, combine the heavy cream, milk, and sugar. Bring to a scald. Pull from heat. Add the crushed spices and allow to infuse for about 10 minutes. Add the chopped chocolate. Stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth. At this time mixture should be heated slightly, the tea added and infused for 10 minutes. After the infusing process, add a small amount of warm mixture the yolks and temper. Add entire yolk mixture back to the custard, stir. At this point the entire mixture should be passed through a chinois. Pour custard base into desired ovenproof dishes. Fill about 23 full allowing room for the ginger cream. Bake in a water bath just until set. Allow the custard to sit at room temperature to cool for about 30 minutes. Chill.nFor the Ginger Cream: Combine heavy cream, milk and sugar. Bring to a scald. Pull from the flame. Add ground ginger and allow to infuse for about 15 minutes. In the meantime, presoak a gelatin leaf in cool water. Pass milk mixture through a chinois. Add gelatin and stir until dissolved. Cool mixture in ice bath while stirring. Just before it sets, pour ginger cream over the top of the baked chocolate custard. The top should be smooth and just the white should be showing. Chill and allow the Ginger Cream to set., ingredients: [4 whole cloves, 4 green cardamom, 1 stick cinnamon, 12ounce dry whole ginger, 3 black peppercorns, 16 ounces heavy cream, 10 ounces milk, 3 ounces sugar, 7 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, 12ounce Darjeeling tea, 7 egg yolks, 6 ounces heavy cream, 3 ounces milk, 1 12 ounces sugar, 34 tablespoon whole dried ground ginger, 1 sheet gelatin, Pinch of salt], title: Chai Chocolate Custard with Ginger Cream, picturelink: null}, 16288: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a large bowl, whisk the egg whites lightly to a froth. Add the yogurt and whisk to combine. In another large bowl, combine the cornmeal, bread crumbs, cayenne, black pepper, oregano, paprika and salt.nDip the chicken breasts in the flour. Then dip them in the beaten egg whites, and finally in the seasoned cornmealbread crumb mixture. After breading the chicken, place it on a nonstick cookie sheet or a low sided roasting pan and put it in the oven.nCook for 35 minutes or until fully cooked and crispy brown.nServe with mashed potatoes blended with skim milk and nonfat sour cream., ingredients: [6 egg whites, 2 tablespoons nonfat yogurt, 12 cup cornmeal, 12 cup bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 12 cup flour], title: High Bar Olympic Chicken, picturelink: null}, 16289: {instructions: Begin sauce by sweating garlic, ginger and onions in saucepan. Add spice mixture and white wine and cook until almost dry, add chicken stock and coconut milk. Bring to a boil and simmer for 20 minutes, season to taste with honey, salt and pepper. Strain.nBlend flour with massala spice mix, salt and pepper and place in shallow dish. Beat eggs with milk and place in separate shallow dish. In food processor, pulse peanuts with crushed red pepper and 2 tablespoons of the massalaflour mixture and place in shallow dish. Season chicken with salt and pepper and roll in flour mixture, then roll in egg mixture and finally in peanut mixture. Heat vegetable oil on mediumhigh heat and fry coated tenders for about 15 minutes. Drain excess oil on paper towels and serve with sauce.nGrind in coffee grinder or with mortar and pestle., ingredients: [2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons fresh grated ginger, 1 cup chopped white onion, 1 tablespoon massala spice mixture, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 can unsweetened coconut milk, Honey, Salt and pepper, 1 12 cups flour, 3 tablespoons dry massala spice mix recipe to follow, 3 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons ground pepper, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 cup toasted lightly salted peanuts, 1 12 teaspoons red chili flakes, 2 pounds boneless and skinless chicken thighs, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 tablespoon toasted cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon toasted coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon aniseed, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon toasted fenugreek seeds, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon yellow mustard seeds], title: Peanut Coated Chicken Thigh Tenders with Curry Coconut Sauce, picturelink: MIbb.qr.ikPzOptyOBd8d0BpV.DmdmK}, 16290: {instructions: Preheat grill to medium high. Brush eggplant, peppers and onions on both sides with 14 cup of the oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, until lightly golden brown and almost cooked through. Remove vegetables from grill and cut into 12inch dice. Combine eggplant, peppers and onions in a medium bowl. Add remaining ingredients inluding the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 eggplants, cut vertically into 12inch thick slices, 2 red peppers, quartered and seeded, 2 yellow peppers, quartered and seeded, 2 red onions, sliced 12inch thick, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 4 ounces soft goat cheese, crumbled, 2 tablespoons finely chopped oregano, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: EggplantRed Pepper Salsa with Cumin Dusted Tortilla Chips, picturelink: null}, 16291: {instructions: Season chicken strips or tenders with salt, pepper, onion powder, garlic powder and cayenne pepper to taste. Grill on a grill or in a grill pan. Heat olive oil in a skillet and saute mushrooms. Season mushrooms with the same spices as the chicken. Finish mushrooms by deglazing the pan with the Marsala wine and allow to reduce until the wine has evaporated.nMeanwhile, take a loaf of Italian bread and invert it. Cut a V wedge out of the bottom of the loaf and set aside. Into the hollowed out portion of the loaf, sprinkle Parmesan cheese, layer thinly sliced provolone, chicken, Swiss cheese, mushrooms and sliced jarred roasted red peppers. Repeat the layering until it is even with the top of the bread. Put wedge back in loaf and roll tightly in aluminum foil  shiny side in.nBake at 325 for 20 minutes. Remove and let the loaf rest a few minutes. Serve by slicing portions on a diagonal., ingredients: [2 boneless chicken breasts, Salt, pepper, onion powder, garlic powder and cayenne pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, One 10ounce box sliced mushrooms, 12 cup Marsala wine, 1 loaf Italian bread, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 12 pound thinly sliced provolone cheese, 12 pound thinly sliced Swiss cheese, 1 jar roasted red peppers], title: Marks Awesome Chicken Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 16292: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic, carrots, celery and onions, and cook until the vegetables begin to soften, about 4 minutes. Sprinkle the flour into the saucepan to toast the flour, stirring constantly, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Gradually whisk in the stock, and then the milk and beer. Stir in the potatoes and bring the soup to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer the soup until the potatoes are tender, 20 to 30 minutes.nRemove the saucepan from the heat and, using an immersion blender, puree the soup until smooth. Return the soup to low heat. Add 1 cup of the Cheddar, a handful at a time, stirring until melted and smooth after each addition. Add additional chicken stock if necessary to adjust the consistency. Sprinkle with hot sauce, Worcestershire, salt and pepper. Divide the soup among bowls and top with the remaining Cheddar, sour cream, bacon and chives. Serve with Ginas Spinach Salad with Spiced Pecans.nFor the pecans: Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Stir in all the spices and the pecans. Stir and toast the pecans for about 5 minutes. Transfer them to a plate to cool.nFor the salad: Whisk together the balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard and shallots in a small bowl. Drizzle in the olive oil in a continuous stream, whisking to emulsify. Season with a pinch of sugar, salt and pepper.nAdd the spinach to a large serving bowl. Toss the greens with the prepared dressing, the bacon, blue cheese, cherry tomatoes and spiced pecans., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 rib celery, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 14 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups chicken stock, plus more if needed, 1 cup whole milk, One 12ounce bottle lightbodied beer, 2 large russet potatoes, peeled and chopped, 2 cups grated extrasharp Cheddar about 8 ounces, Dash hot sauce, Dash Worcestershire sauce, Sour cream, for topping, 4 slices bacon, cooked crisp, for topping, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, for topping, Ginas Spinach Salad with Spiced Pecans, for serving, recipe follows, Spiced Pecans:, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup pecan halves, Spinach Salad:, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 small shallot, minced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Pinch sugar, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, One 10ounce package prewashed baby spinach, 4 slices bacon, cut into 14inch pieces, fried crisp, 4 ounces crumbled blue cheese, 1 cup halved cherry tomatoes], title: FullyLoaded Cheesy Potato Soup with Ginas Spinach Salad, picturelink: Tp6oemVkT.SI8TYCVtjMMSCTX4Eig2}, 16293: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a heavybottomed Dutch oven or soup pot to medium heat and add the oil. Put the chicken wings and breasts in skinside down and cook without moving until golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Set aside the chicken.nAdd the carrots, celery and shallots. Saute until the shallots are translucent, about 10 minutes, stirring all the while. Deglaze with the dry sherry and scrape up any bits off the bottom. Add the stock, fresh thyme and bay leaf, return the chicken to the pot and bring to a low simmer simmer until the chicken is cooked through, about 20 minutes. Set aside the chicken to cool on a plate.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nShred the chicken breasts and whatever can be salvaged from the wings and pour any reserved juices back into the soup pot. Add in the chicken and adjust the seasoning if necessary. Just before serving, add in the lemon zest and juice to taste.nCook the tortellini in the salted water just until al dente.nPut some tortellini in each individual bowl, then ladle the soup over. Serve immediately to retain the al dente quality of the tortellini. Garnish with a wedge of lemon and fresh parsley., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 chicken wings, 3 bonein, skinon chicken breasts about 2 12 pounds, 3 carrots, diced, 3 stalks celery, diced, 2 shallots, minced, Couple splashes dry sherry, 24 cups 6 quarts goodquality, lowsodium chicken stock, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, chopped, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, plus lemon wedges, for garnish, 2 cups cheese tortellini, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Quick Chicken Tortellini Soup, picturelink: 7mVp1PwjzvZKMqKRLwS2AXvklu6Ylri}, 16294: {instructions: Tear off two sheets of aluminum foil, each about 18 inches square, and place one on top of the other. Use 1 tablespoon of the oil to smear a patch in the center of the foil, large enough to hold the chicken. Make a bed of the lotus root or jicama in the center, then top with the chicken breasts, red pepper, mango, lime lives, scallions, coconut milk, nam pla, and another tablespoon of the oil.nFold the foil over the chicken onto itself and crimp the edges as tightly as possible by making 1 or 2 inch folds, one after the other, each sealing the other. Seal the package very tightly, but leave plenty of room around the chicken. You can prepare the recipe up to 3 hours in advance to this point refrigerate the package as is for up to 3 hours before proceeding.nPlace a skillet large enough to hold the package over high heat. A minute later, add the remaining oil, then pour out all but a film. Put the package in the skillet it will sizzle. About 2 minutes later, the package will expand like a balloon be careful of the escaping steam. Cook for 5 minutes longer from that point.nRemove the package from the heat, again taking care to avoid any escaping steam. Let rest for 1 minute, then cut a slit down the length of the top with a knife. Use a knife and fork to open up the package, then spoon the chicken, garnish, and juices onto a plate and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons peanut or neutral oil, such as canola or grapeseed, 6 to 8 thin slices of lotus root or peeled jicama, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 12 ounces, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 8 thin slices peeled green unripe mango, 2 lime leaves, minces or minced zest of 1 lime, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions, 14 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk, 1 teaspoon nam pla Thai fish sauce], title: ThaiStyle Chicken Breasts in Foil, picturelink: null}, 16295: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nFor the dressing: Place the vinegar, honey, Italian seasoning, garlic and some salt and pepper in a blender or food processor. While the machine is running, slowly drizzle the olive oil until the dressing is combined and emulsified. Adjust the seasoning if necessary, or add more oil if you want it less acidic.nFor the salad: Lay out the bacon in rows on the prepared baking sheet. Place in the oven on the upper rack and cook until crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. Once it is nice and crispy, chop it up for your salad.nIn a large bowl, combine the bacon, pasta, gorgonzola, romaine, cabbage, iceberg, tomatoes and red onions. Add the dressing and toss together until all is well coated. Taste and adjust the seasoning., ingredients: [12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 1 pound bacon, 2 cups ditalini pasta, cooked al dente and cooled, 1 cup crumbled gorgonzola, 2 hearts romaine, chopped, 14 small head red cabbage, chopped, 14 head iceberg, chopped, 1 to 2 large tomatoes, chopped, 12 small red onion, minced], title: Italian Chopped Salad, picturelink: b80LULFN8dwAaCRHTs3j0abPBv868hK}, 16296: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the quartered apples into 12inch slices and mix with the lemon juice in a large bowl. Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the apples, toss to coat and cook, 5 to 7 minutes. Sprinkle the sugars, cinnamon, salt, nutmeg and allspice over the apples and toss to coat evenly. Sprinkle the flour over the mixture to thicken, and then let cool completely. Roll out one of the Perfect Pie Dough discs on a floured surface. Fit into a 9inch pie plate, giving yourself a 12inch overhang. Roll the marzipan between 2 pieces of parchment paper into a 9by18inchthick circle. Place the marzipan over the bottom crust. Dock the bottom crust, using a fork, and fill the pie with the apple mixture. Roll out the second pie dough disc to fit on top of the apples. Place on top of the pie and trim the edges to about 12inch overhang. Pinch the top crust to the bottom, fluting the edge or pressing to seal with the tines of a fork. Vent the pie by cutting 4 slits in the top, and brush with the egg wash. Transfer the pie to a sheet tray and bake until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbly, 45 to 50 minutes. Let cool 20 minutes before serving.nMix the flour and salt together in a food processer. Add the butter into the flour mixture and pulse until you have large peasize chunks scattered throughout. Add 8 to 10 tablespoons ice water slowly, while stirring with a fork, just until combined. Transfer to a floured surface, divide in half, shape into 2 discs and wrap separately in plastic wrap. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes., ingredients: [4 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and quartered, 4 McIntosh apples, peeled, cored and quartered, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Perfect Pie Dough, recipe follows, One 7ounce tube marzipan almond paste, 1 egg, beaten, for egg wash, 3 cups flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, chilled or frozen], title: MileHigh Apple Pie, picturelink: f9Iwi5Ll5cAD8mxCzJkqZrzL9gccrk2}, 16297: {instructions: In a medium saucepan add milk and cream to saucepan. Using the tip of a small, sharp knife, split the vanilla bean and scrape the insides of the vanilla beans into the milk mixture. Bring to a boil over medium high heat. Remove from the heat and set aside for 30 or 40 minutes to allow the vanilla to infuse into the milk. Pour through a fine sieve and strain into bowl and set aside.nPreheat griddle to medium heat.nIn a medium bowl, combine the egg yolks, sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg and mix together well with a wooden spoon. Little by little add the milk mixture, stirring well with the wooden spoon to blend. Pour mixture through a fine sieve and strain into a clean bowl. Cut bread into 1 to 1 12inch wide strips.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter on the griddle. Dip bread sticks into creme brulee mixture. Cook a few at a time for 2 to 4 minutes on each side or until they are golden brown. Add additional butter as needed to keep pan greased. Sprinkle French toast sticks with powdered sugar and serve with syrup., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 2 34 cups heavy cream, 5 vanilla beans, 9 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 loaf French or Italian bread cut into 1 12inch wide sticks, 2 tablespoons butter, plus more if needed, Powdered sugar, for dusting, Maple syrup, to taste], title: Creme Brulee French Toast Sticks, picturelink: null}, 16298: {instructions: For the dressing: Grate the ginger into a deep bowl large enough to hold the salad ingredients. Add the olive oil, sesame oil, peanut butter, honey, mustard, soy sauce and lime juice. Season the dressing with salt and pepper. Whisk together until emulsified, about 1 minute.nFor the salad: Add the spaghetti, carrots, peppers, scallions and cilantro to the bowl. Using tongs, toss until the noodles are coated with the dressing. Cover the bowl, and marinate for at least 30 minutes and up to overnight, so the noodles can absorb the flavors from the dressing., ingredients: [1inch piece ginger, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon peanut butter, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon soy sauce, Juice of 1 lime, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups cooked spaghetti, 1 carrot, julienned, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, Handful fresh cilantro leaves, chopped], title: Vegetable Noodle Salad, picturelink: 1f0S0TDvCl2KhXgMXKlj16077elsYvm}, 16299: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the olive oil, mayonnaise, scallions and relish to make a tartar sauce. Refrigerate until needed.nHeat oil in deepfryer to 350 degrees F.nCombine cornmeal, Blackfish Spice and salt and pepper, to taste. Dredge catfish fillets in seasoned cornmeal. Deepfry coated pieces in batches until they are cooked through, about 10 minutes. For basic reference, use the manufacturers instructions for your deep fryer for similar foods, then test the fish see that it is fork tender. Allow to drain on paper towels and serve with tartar sauce and fresh lemon wedges to squeeze lemon juice over the fish., ingredients: [2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 34 cup mayonnaise, 2 scallions white and tender green parts only, minced, 2 teaspoons drained sweet pickle relish, 1 liter canola, approximately, as needed for deepfrying, 3 cups cornmeal, approximately, as needed for breading stage, 2 tablespoons Irvine Spices Cajun Blackfish spice you may need more if you use more cornmeal for breading, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 pounds catfish fillets, Lemon wedges, for service], title: Southern Fried Catfish, picturelink: r9WSr.NOgwO2Y9CbKtFij5fT.3nHcC}, 16300: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a medium skillet over moderate heat. Add garlic slices and saute until lightly browned, about 12 minutes. Drain garlic on paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and serve., ingredients: [1520 large cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon coarse salt], title: Garlic Chips, picturelink: null}, 16301: {instructions: In a large deep skillet, cook the pancetta over moderate heat until it is slightly crisp and the fat is rendered, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the shallots, season with salt and pepper and cook until golden, about 10 minutes. Add the brussels sprouts and vinegar and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to Iow, cover the pan and cook until the sprouts and shallots are tender and the pan is almost dry, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and keep warm until serving., ingredients: [12 pound thickly sliced pancetta, cut into 14 inch dice, 8 large shallots, quartered, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds brussels sprouts, quartered, 12 cup white wine vinegar], title: Panroasted Brussels Sprouts with Pancetta, picturelink: null}, 16302: {instructions: In a food processor pulse to break up goat cheese. Add cream and pulse until smooth. Remove to a large bowl. Add tarragon, thyme, chives, pepper, wine and zest. Whisk together until smooth. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [8 ounces soft goat cheese, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 3 tablespoons tarragon, chopped, 2 tablespoons thyme, chopped, 1 bunch chives, chopped, Pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon dry white wine, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest], title: Herbed Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 16303: {instructions: Soak sweetbreads in bowl of cold water for 1 hour. Drain and place in fresh cold water in saucepan and bring slowly to boil. Drain and place in fresh bowl of water, then drain and remove skin. Slice in 12 and set aside.nMeanwhile, heat oven to 400 degrees F. Paint bread with clarified butter and toast for 15 minutes. Remove from oven and lightly paint edges with egg white. Coat edges with most of parsley and keep warm.nMelt butter in saucepan and add flour. Stir to form a roux and cook 1 minute over low heat. Add veal stock, increase heat and whisk until it boils. Season with salt and pepper and add bay leaves. Reduce to simmer and cook 5 minutes.nHeat clarified butter in frying pan over medium heat. Add champignons and onions and fry gently for 2 minutes. Season with salt, pepper and lemon juice. Remove from heat and add to sauce. Add sweetbreads and simmer 5 minutes.nCombine 2 tablespoons cream with egg yolks. Add a little hot sauce to eggcream mixture and return all to sauce, stirring carefully. Remove bay leaves and add remaining cream to sauce. To serve, fill croustades with sweetbread mixture and sprinkle with parsley and paprika., ingredients: [1 pound lamb sweetbreads, 1 10inch sandwich bread loaf, unsliced, cut into 4 2inch thick slices, slices hollowed out leaving 12inch crust, 1 egg white, beaten, Finely chopped parsley, to garnish, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 cups veal stock, Salt, Pepper, 2 bay leaves, Clarified butter, 14 pound champignons, 15 small white onions, parboiled for 15 minutes, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons plus 14 cup cream, 2 egg yolks, Hot sauce, Paprika, to garnish], title: Blanquette Ris dAgneau en Croute, picturelink: null}, 16304: {instructions: Soak 13 cup finely diced white onion in ice water 15 minutes drain. Mix with 12 cup each finely diced tomato and chopped cilantro, 1 each seeded minced aji chile and garlic clove, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon lime juice and 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil. Thin with water. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Aji Chile Salsa, picturelink: R.0qPcCDOlMmBclNFRDjMsSouYmR4K}, 16305: {instructions: Puree 12 chopped cantaloupe in a blender with 1 pint vanilla ice cream and 12 cup milk until smooth. Divide among 4 glasses.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Melon Shakes, picturelink: DtcqQqlgAwmtFkG1wSrJcQIaCOJ8Gr.}, 16306: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Lay the butterflied leg of lamb flat on a work surface, fat side down. Combine the bread crumbs, currants, pine nuts, parsley, garlic, feta cheese, olives, rosemary, olive oil, and lemon juice in a bowl and blend well to make a coarse stuffing for the lamb. Spread the stuffing evenly along the center of the inside of the leg of lamb. Fold the lamb towards the center, one side and then the other, to enclose the stuffing and form a roll. Pin the roll closed with toothpicks or skewers, or tie the roll in several places with butchers twine so that it does not open during cooking.nSeason the outside of the lamb with salt and pepper and place, seamsidedown, in a roasting pan. Place in the oven and roast for 45 minutes, then add the baby eggplants to the roasting pan with the lamb. Continue roasting the lamb and eggplant for another 35 to 40 minutes for medium rare.nRemove the lamb and eggplants from the oven and allow the roast to cool for 20 minutes before slicing. Serve 2 to 3 slices of lamb per person and 1 or 2 roasted eggplants. The eggplant should be left whole during roasting, then split down the middle to serve. They should be eaten by scooping out the creamy eggplant interior, leaving the shells behind., ingredients: [1 7 to 8pound leg of lamb, butterflied, bones removed, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 14 cup currants, 14 cup pine nuts, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 3 large cloves garlic, chopped, 12 pound Greek feta cheese, crumbled, 12 pound Kalamata or other Mediterraneanstyle ripe black olives, pitted and coarsely chopped 2 tablespoons dried rosemary, crushed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 8 to 10 small baby eggplants, washed], title: Boneless Roast Leg of Lamb with Feta Cheese, Olives, and Baby Eggplant, picturelink: null}, 16307: {instructions: I love this recipe, my good friend the Australian cook, Maggie Beer from the Barossa Valley, made this Membrillo Aioli when she stayed at the Cookery School a few years ago.nFor the aioli: Put the chopped rosemary into a little saucepan with 3 tablespoons of oil and warm gently for 2 or 3 minutes, careful not to burn. Keep aside.nPut the egg yolks into a bowl with the mustard, salt, and the white wine vinegar and add the crushed garlic. Put the oil into a measuring cup. Take a whisk in one hand and the oil in the other and drip the oil onto the egg yolks, drop by drop, whisking at the same time. Within a minute you will notice that the mixture is beginning to thicken. When this happens you can add the oil a little faster, but dont get too cheeky or it will suddenly curdle because the egg yolks can only absorb the oil at a certain pace. Taste and add a little more seasoning and vinegar, if necessary.nIf the mayonnaise curdles it will suddenly become quite thin, and if left sitting the oil will start to float to the top of the sauce. If this happens you can quite easily rectify the situation by putting another egg yolk or 1 to 2 tablespoons plus 1 to 2 teaspoons of boiling water into a clean bowl. Then whisk in the curdled mayonnaise, a half teaspoon at a time, until it emulsifies again.nChop the membrillo and warm gently in a little saucepan until it melts. Cool and add to the mayonnaise with the rosemary and oil. Taste and correct seasoning.nFor the lamb: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F220 degrees Cgas mark 7. Score the skin of the lamb, you may like to insert a few tiny sprigs of rosemary and slivers of garlic here and there on the skin side. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper.nRoast for 25 to 30 minutes, depending on the age of the lamb and the degree of doneness required.nAllow to rest for 5 to 10 minutes. Carve, allowing 2 to 3 cutlets per person, depending on size. Garnish with a sprig of rosemary and serve with the Rosemary and Membrillo Aioli., ingredients: [2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary, plus sprigs, for garnish, 8 fluid ounces1 cup 225 milliliters oil sunflower, olive oil, or a mixture, 2 egg yolks, preferably free range and organic, Pinch of English mustard or 14 teaspoon French mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 dessertspoon white wine vinegar, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 1 12 to 2 ounces 35 to 50 grams membrillo quince paste, 4 racks of lamb or 1 leg of spring lamb, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, optional, 1 to 2 cloves garlic, optional, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Roast Rack of Lamb with Rosemary and Membrillo Aioli and Rustic Roast Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 16308: {instructions: This sauce can be made with or without tomatoes. If youre using tomatoes in the sauce, score the skins on the bottom of the tomatoes with a large X, being careful not to cut deeper than the skin. Bring a small pot of water to a rolling boil, add the tomatoes and cook 1 minute then remove with slotted spoon or tongs, cool a minute or 2 until you can handle, then peel the skin and dice the tomato into small pieces.nPlace the clams, wine and clam juice in large pot and bring to a boil, cover, reduce heat to a simmer and cook 8 to 10 minutes to open the clam shells. Scoop out the clams and shuck them, place in food storage container and cool completely. Store the clams in the refrigerator until ready for use. Strain the stock and reserve, wipe out the pot and return to the heat.nMeanwhile, make a seafood paste by adding the red onion, chile pepper, lemon zest, garlic, thyme, parsley, and bay leaves to the food processor and pulsechop into a thick, but finely chopped, speckled paste.nHeat about 14 cup olive oil, 4 turns of the pan, in the clam pot over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the anchovy filets and melt them into the oil, 1 minute or so, then add the paste and stir 2 minutes. Add the reserved stock and stir to combine. Add the tomatoes, simmer 5 minutes, then cool the sauce completely and store for makeahead meal.nTo serve, bring a large pot of water to boil for pasta. Salt water and cook pasta to al dente.nMeanwhile, heat the sauce over medium heat. Once the pasta has been dropped to cook, stir the clams into the sauce and simmer a few minutes. Add a ladle of starchy cooking water to the sauce and toss with pasta 1 to 2 minutes for the flavors to combine and absorb into the pasta., ingredients: [4 ripe heirloom or vine tomatoes, optional, 4 pounds cherry stone clams, scrubbed, 1 cup dry white wine or crisp, light bodied beer, 1 8ounce bottle clam juice, 1 small red onion, coarsely chopped, 1 red chile pepper, coarsely chopped, Zest of 1 lemon, 3 to 4 large cloves garlic, peeled, About 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, 2 fresh bay leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 5 to 6 anchovy filets, 1 pound linguini, or flavorinfused long cut pasta such as pepperoncini or lemonflavored spaghetti or linguini], title: The Ultimate Linguine with Clam Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16309: {instructions: Add ingredients to a small saucepan and set over lowmedium heat for 10 to 12 minutes until the cranberries are just cooked through and tender. You want them cooked through but not falling apart., ingredients: [2 cups fresh cranberries, 12 cup fullbody red wine, 14 cup sugar, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Cranberry Chutney, picturelink: 169Ptce37weujN1X6M6udFjjGPhxWbe}, 16310: {instructions: At least 3 hours and up to 7 days before serving, remove the grapes from their stems and place in the freezer. When ready to serve, whisk the egg whites with the lemon juice in a large bowl until frothy. Put the sugar in another bowl.nDrop the grapes into the bowl of egg whites, then pour the contents of the bowl through a strainer to drain the liquid. Dump the grapes onto a paper towel and roll them around until most of the excess egg white has been absorbed. Working in batches, add the grapes to the sugar and shake them around to coat. Shake off any excess. Transfer to serving glasses and serve immediately.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [40 large, unblemished green grapes, 13 cup egg whites from about 2 eggs, 5 drops scant 18 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 cups granulated sugar], title: Sugar Frosted Grapes, picturelink: null}, 16311: {instructions: Combine the molasses, butter, milk, and eggs in a mixing bowl. Next, combine the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, and cloves in a large mixing bowl. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients in 3 additions. Toss candied fruit and raisins lightly with flour to prevent sinking and add to batter. Stir in brandy.nPour into a greased and sugared steam pudding mold and place on a rack in a large covered pot with water that comes halfway up the sides of the mold. Cover and steam for 2 hours, checking occasionally to make sure water hasnt boiled out. Let cool for 5 minutes on a rack before turning out. Dust with powdered sugar and serve with a sprig of holly and Hard Sauce.nBeat all ingredients together until very well combined. Serve with pudding., ingredients: [1 cup light molasses, 34 cup melted butter, 12 cup warm milk, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus additional for tossing fruit, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 pint candied mixed fruit or diced dried fruit such as pineapple, pears, apples, and plums, 1 cup raisins, 1 12 ounces brandy, Holly sprig, for garnish, Hard Sauce, recipe follows, 14 pound butter, 1 cup sugar, 1 pinch salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1ounce brandy or rum], title: Nanas Traditional Christmas Steamed Plum Pudding with Hard Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16312: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 8inch wooden skewersnAdd water chestnuts, scallions, and jalapeno to a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Transfer to a bowl with the chicken along with cilantro and salt. Stir together with your hands until just combined. Form mixture into 18 2inch diameter patties on a baking sheet, then thread 3 patties through their sides onto each skewer.nHeat 1 teaspoon oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then transfer 3 skewers of patties using a large metal spatula to skillet and cook until golden and just cooked through, about 3 minutes on each side. Transfer to a platter and keep warm, covered with foil. Add remaining teaspoon oil to skillet and cook remaining patties in same manner., ingredients: [1 8ounce can whole water chestnuts, rinsed and drained, 1 bunch scallions, chopped 1 cup, 1 teaspoon minced fresh jalapeno chile, including seeds, 1 12 pounds ground chicken, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil], title: Asian Chicken and Water Chestnut Patties, picturelink: xE0qdBsqaZS7RP7DPurDJSytI1XDgl2}, 16313: {instructions: Bring a medium saucepan filled twothirds full of water to a boil. Place the quinoa in a fine mesh strainer and rinse a few times. Add the quinoa to the saucepan, lower the heat and simmer until the grains are tender and the germ which looks like a white tail just shows inside each grain, about 12 minutes. Strain the quinoa and rinse under cold water. Drain again, then set aside to dry out well.nMeanwhile, combine the spinach, cilantro, lime juice, jalapeno, oil and garlic in a food processor and pulse until finely chopped.nCombine the quinoa, the spinach mixture, and 34 teaspoon salt in the same saucepan the quinoa cooked in and set over mediumlow heat. Cook, stirring, until warmed through, about 3 minutes. Stir in 1 tablespoon of the cheese. Transfer to a serving dish and sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon cheese. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup quinoa, 2 cups baby spinach, 12 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves, Juice of 1 lime, 12 small jalapeno, seeded, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons Parmesan or Cotija cheese], title: Mexican Green Quinoa, picturelink: Mrm33PLXznSR10PrceXJWCl.tbbg6zG}, 16314: {instructions: Into a pitcher, put about 2 scoops of ice cubes. Squeeze in the juice of 8 Meyer lemons or 8 regular lemons in a pinch Add several dashes of sugar cane syrup. Add the leaves of 2 fresh mint sprigs, torn into pieces. Add a few lemon wheels for garnish. Add 4 ounces of Tequila and give it a stir. Place in the refrigerator to chill.nWhen serving, put the ice in tall glasses, and pour the Tequila Lemonade over the top. Top up with a splash of fizzy soda water. Garnish each glass with a wheel of lemon, a vanilla bean, a sprig of mint, and a paper umbrella., ingredients: [Ice cubes, about 2 cups, 8 Meyer lemons, Dash sugar cane syrup or simple syrup, 4 sprigs fresh peppermint, leaves torn, 1 lemon, sliced into wheels, 4 ounces Tequila, Dash of soda water or seltzer, 2 vanilla beans, for garnish], title: Tequila Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 16315: {instructions: Heat stockpot over medium high heat. Add olive oil, onion and saute for 4 to 5 minutes. Add rice and cook for 3 minutes. Add wine and cook for 5 minutes. Add stock 1 cup at a time, stirring constantly. Cook for 20 minutes or until just cooked. Add remaining ingredients, set aside and keep warm. Heat saute pan over medium high heat. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Season shrimp with salt and pepper and add to the pan. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side and add shallot, garlic, tomatoes, and wine and cook for 3 more minutes. Add butter 1 piece at a time, and season with salt and pepper. Saute carrots and green beans in butter. Divide rice among 4 plates. Top with shrimp and pour sauce over and enjoy., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds jumbo shrimp, Salt and pepper, 1 shallot, chopped fine, 2 cloves garlic, chopped fine, 5 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons cold butter, 12 pound baby carrots, blanched, 12 pound haricots verts, blanched, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, diced, 1 pound Arborio rice, 12 cup dry white wine, 4 cups chicken stock, should be simmering, 4 tomatoes, seeded and diced, 12 cup basil leaves, cleaned and julienned, 12 cup Parmesan cheese, grated, 4 tablespoons cold butter], title: Shrimp Risotto, picturelink: null}, 16316: {instructions: Cooks Note: To roast garlic, cut off the top third of each garlic head, drizzle with EVOO and wrap in foil. Roast in a 400 degree F oven until tender.nSqueeze the roasted garlic from the skins and combine with the softened butter, EVOO, rosemary, chile and lemon zest. Loosen the skin all over the chicken, then rub the garlic mixture onto the meat under the skin. Sprinkle the skin with salt and pepper. Put the chicken in a baking dish, cover and let stand for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Sprinkle the chicken with twothirds of the Zaatar Spice Blend and roast for 1 hour 15 minutes. Raise the oven temperature to 500 degrees F and roast for 15 minutes more to crisp the skin. Let the chicken rest until cooled, then cut it into quarters.nMeanwhile, heat a griddle or grill pan and grill the naan until warm. Brush with melted butter and cut in half.nDivide the chicken quarters among plates and sprinkle with the remaining Zaatar Spice Blend and the lemon juice. Serve with the naan and Green Harissa.nCombine the sesame seeds, sumac, thyme, cumin, oregano, salt and pepper. Store in an airtight container until ready to use. Cooks Note: The spice blend is great on chicken, beef, lamb, eggplant and anything grilled. You can make extra and store it for weeks. Sumac is available in larger markets and Middle Eastern markets.nPuree the cilantro, EVOO, cumin, chile peppers, garlic, spinach and lemon juice in a food processor until fairly smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate or serve immediately., ingredients: [2 heads roasted garlic, Green Harissa, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons butter, softened, plus some melted for serving, 14 cup EVOO, 2 to 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves finely chopped, 1 fresh chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, One whole chicken 4 to 5 pounds, spatchcocked butterflied open with backbone removed ask your butcher to do this for you, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Zaatar Spice Blend, recipe follows, Naan bread, pocketless pita or other flatbread, for serving, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons ground sumac, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 13 cup EVOO, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 serrano or jalapeno chile peppers, seeded and chopped, 1 clove garlic, made into a paste, 1 small bunch spinach from the farmers market, stemmed and chopped, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Middle Eastern Garlic Roasted Chicken with Green Harissa and Flatbread, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 16317: {instructions: Steam the cauliflower in a steamer insert set over boiling water, covered, until it is very soft, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer the steamed cauliflower to a blender and puree with the cheese, milk, sour cream and lime juice until smooth, scraping down the sides of the blender jar as necessary. Add the adobo sauce and salt and pepper to taste, pulse a couple more times and transfer to a serving bowl. Sprinkle with cilantro and serve., ingredients: [4 cups cauliflower florets about 1 large head, 1 cup grated mozzarella cheese, 12 cup milk, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon lime juice about 12 lime, 1 to 2 teaspoons adobo sauce, to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh cilantro, chopped, for garnish], title: Spicy, Smoky Cauliflower Mash, picturelink: MQopBjB..6lndwcN0EOfVAo6Rq7bRZm}, 16318: {instructions: Microwave 14 cup orange liqueur with 3 tablespoons sugar until the sugar dissolves, about 4 minutes. Cut 1 pound cake horizontally into 4 thin rectangles. Toss 2 cups mixed berries with the orange syrup and 2 tablespoons sugar. Beat 1 cup heavy cream with 2 tablespoons sugar until soft peaks form. Make a 4layer cake with the whipped cream and berries between each layer. Dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Shortcake Royale, picturelink: ek7KkR9a8BUL0bNlh9iIov0SDjC1ju}, 16319: {instructions: Toss portobello mushrooms in olive oil for grilling and add salt and pepper to taste.nApply to heat source gill side down until they sweat, about 2 minutes. Turn over and finish cooking. Remove from grill and toss in 12 cup balsamic vinegar to marinate. Do not cover: mushrooms will absorb flavor as they cool.nCook potatoes in cold, salted water. Bring up to a boil and simmer until tender. Strain and add to a mixing bowl. Mash by hand with 3 to 4 tablespoons of butter.nBring 1 cup heavy cream to a boil and slowly stir into mashed potatoes until smooth . Use as only as much of the heavy cream as you need. Add scallions, garlic and salt and pepper to taste.nIn a small saucepan reduce 2 cups balsamic vinegar over low heat until syrupy in consistency. Reserve warm for sauce.nBrush ears of corn with olive oil and add salt and pepper. Grill approximately 4 to 5 minutes, rotating corn to prevent burning. When cool enough to handle remove kernels with knife and reserve for garnish.nOn a plate lay a small amount of mesclun in center for underliner, place first portobello down and apply small amount of mashed potatoes as second layer. Repeat until third portobello is top layer, with two layers of mashed potatoes in between. Garnish around plate with roasted corn and chive sticks and red onion. Do not overcrowd plates. Using a spoon drizzle balsamic reduction on top of tower and around plate., ingredients: [8 to 9 small to medium size portobello mushrooms, stems removed, Olive oil for grilling, Salt and pepper, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 4 to 6 medium sized yukon gold potatoes, 3 to 4 tablespoons butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 bunch scallions sliced thin, approximately 12 cup, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 12 cups balsamic vinegar, 2 ears of corn, 2 cups mesclun greens for garnish, 1 small red onion sliced very thin, 1 small bunch chives, cut into 2inch sticks], title: Portobello Steak and Scallion Potato Tower, picturelink: null}, 16320: {instructions: MOUND chicken on microwaveable plate top with cheese. Microwave on HIGH 30 sec. or until cheese is melted.nMEANWHILE, mix mayo and pesto spread onto cut sides of roll.nFILL roll with chicken and peppers.nSubstitute:nSubstitute 14 cup sundried tomatoes for the roasted peppers.nServing Suggestion:nServe with a mixed green salad and your favorite fresh fruit to round out the meal.nVariation:nPrepare as directed, using grilled fresh chicken strips and 2 Tbsp. KRAFT 2 Milk Shredded Mozzarella Cheese., ingredients: [2 oz. 13 of 6oz. pkg. OSCAR MAYER Deli Fresh Grilled Chicken Breast Strips, 1 KRAFT Deli Fresh Provolone Cheese Slice, 1 Tbsp. KRAFT Real Mayo Mayonnaise, 1 tsp. pesto, 1 ciabatta sandwich roll, partially split, 14 cup roasted red pepper strips], title: Chicken Pesto Manifesto, picturelink: null}, 16321: {instructions: Cut pork slices into strips about 3 inches long and 12 to 1inch wide. Heat the oil in a medium skillet and saute pork strips over medium heat until lightly browned. Drain the pineapple and reserve the juice. Combine pineapple juice, 34 cup water, vinegar, soy sauce, brown sugar, and salt pour over pork in the skillet. Cover and simmer over low heat for 1 hour, or until meat is tender. In a cup, combine cornstarch and 2 tablespoons water stir until smooth. Add cornstarch mixture to pork and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture is thick and bubbly. Add pineapple chunks, onion and green pepper. Cover and simmer sweet and sour pork for 10 minutes longer, or until vegetables are tender. Serve sweet and sour pork over rice., ingredients: [1 12 pounds boneless pork loin, sliced 12inch thick, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 20ounce can pineapple chunks, in juice, 34 cup water, plus 2 tablespoons, 14 cup vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 14 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup thinly sliced onion, 1 green bell pepper, cut in thin strips, Steamed rice, for serving], title: Sweet and Sour Ski Pole Pork, picturelink: null}, 16322: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Healthy Eating, picturelink: null}, 16323: {instructions: In a large saucepan melt lard over moderate heat. Add pork, salt and pepper and simmer until tender. Cook about an hour, being careful not to crisp the meat. Remove pork and set aside until cool. Shred the meat by hand or with tines of a fork. Remove and discard any remaining fat. Transfer to a medium saucepan, add the arbol salsa and cook over moderate heat, stirring frequently. Serve or assemble within a toasted corn tortilla to make taco. Carnitas can stay refrigerated for up to five days before assembling within a taco., ingredients: [2 pounds lard, 2 12 pounds pork butt, trimmed and cut into 2inch cubes, 2 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup Chile de Arbol Salsa, recipe above], title: Carnitas, picturelink: null}, 16324: {instructions: In a spice grinder, coarsely grind peppercorns. Coat the tuna with the peppercorns, pressing them into the flesh of the fish. Add oil to a hot saute pan. Sear the tuna in the saute pan, for about 1 minute per side. Remove tuna from the pan and slice into 14 inch thick slices. In a saucepan, combine the soy sauce and orange juice and bring to a boil. Boil the soy sauce mixture until reduced by 70 percent and has achieved a syrup consistency. Cool. Whip the cream. Fold in the wasabi powder. Drizzle a little orange soy sauce onto each slice of tuna. Top with a little wasabi cream., ingredients: [1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon whole green peppercorns, 1 tablespoon whole red peppercorns, 1 pound of sushi grade yellowfin tuna, cut into a long, thin strip, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 cups low sodium soy sauce, 1 cup orange juice, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons wasabi powder], title: Yellowfin Tuna with Wasabi Cream, picturelink: null}, 16325: {instructions: Place lemon in a small bowl and microwave for a few minutes to release the essential oils. The lemon will be hot coming from the microwave, so set aside until it is just cool enough to handle. Heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a medium saute pan, and saute the red, yellow and green bell peppers. Add the red onion and the chili flakes and saute until they begin to soften. In a blender, puree stewed tomatoes, balsamic vinegar, and hot sauce. Leaving the blender running squeeze the lemon juice from the microwaved lemon after removing seeds through the feed opening. Transfer this mixture to the pan of peppers and onion and cook over medium heat, allowing to reduce by half. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature.nHeat the oil in the deepfryer to 375 degrees F, or as directed in the manufacturers instructions for similar foods. Combine flour, salt, black pepper, and garlic powder and dredge the snapper and grouper fillets in this mixture, shaking off any excess. Deepfry the fish until golden brown, and remove to paper towels to drain.nArrange the fish along each side of a long platter and spoon the escabeche down the middle. Garnish with scallions., ingredients: [1 fresh lemon, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 red bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and cut julienne, 1 yellow bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and cut julienne, 1 green bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and cut julienne, 1 medium red onion, diced, 1 teaspoon chili flakes, 1 16 ounce can stewed tomatoes, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 8 scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced on the diagonal, 1 liter canola oil, approximately, as needed to deep fry fish, 1 cup flour, 2 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 4 6ounce fillets red snapper, 4 6ounce fillets grouper], title: Snapper and Grouper Escabeche, picturelink: MJaqssfxtmjvu8iObdi01hbJYIKdQXG}, 16326: {instructions: For the pancakes: In a small saucepan over high heat, combine the rum, orange juice and raisins, and bring to a simmer. Remove the pan from heat and let sit for 15 minutes. Drain the raisins and reserve the soaking liquid.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, salt, baking soda, cardamom and nutmeg. In a smaller bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, melted butter, orange zest, vanilla and eggs. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Fold in the rehydrated raisins. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nBrush a generous coat of clarified butter onto a large castiron griddle over medium heat. Add a scant 14 cup of the batter to the pan and cook until the bottom is lightly golden brown and bubbles appear on the surface of the pancake, about 3 minutes. Flip the pancake over and continue cooking until the bottom is golden brown. Transfer to a plate. Repeat for the remaining pancakes.nFor the glaze: Beat the cream cheese, confectioners sugar and vanilla until smooth. Thin out the glaze with some of the raisin soaking liquidu00bfit should be just pourable.nServe 3 pancakes per person, drizzle each stack with the glaze and top with warm maple syrup or honey, if desired. Garnish with confectioners sugar and fresh mint., ingredients: [12 cup dark rum, 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup raisins, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons light brown muscovado sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for cooking, 1 tablespoon finely grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 14 cup clarified butter, 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, plus more for serving, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, Maple syrup or honey, for serving, Fresh mint leaves, for serving], title: Spice Raisin Pancakes with RumRaisin Cream Cheese Glaze, picturelink: fz5SAEjIbmxbM3nsYWln9ePhNs32a6}, 16327: {instructions: Combine butter, honey and lavender in a small saucepan and heat, whisking occasionally, until butter is melted and mixture is just coming to a simmer. Remove from heat and let sit in pan for 30 minutes. Remove lavender and discard. Pour syrup through a fine strainer and into a bowl or measuring cup to remove any stray lavender leaves.nPreheat gas grill to medium and lightly oil grate. Place all fruits on a rimmed baking sheet and brush with honey glaze. Grill until fruit is heated through, slightly tender and caramelized  about four minutes total for bananas, six for pineapple and peaches. As the fruits cook, brush them once or twice with additional glaze and turn once. Serve immediately with a scoop of vanilla ice cream if desired., ingredients: [12cup unsalted butter, melted, 12cup honey, 1 small bunch lavender, 1 large ripe pineapple, peeled, quartered, cored and cut into halfinchthick wedges, 3 slightly underripe bananas, peeled and sliced in half lengthwise, 3 ripe but firm peaches, peeled, halved, pitted, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, optional], title: Honey and Lavender Glazed Fruit, picturelink: null}, 16328: {instructions: In a small saucepan over mediumlow heat, combine the brown sugar, water and cinnamon. Cook until all the sugar has dissolved and the mixture is syrupy, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter. When melted, vigorously stir in the corn syrup.nAdd the softened ice cream to a large bowl. Pour the cinnamon caramel over the ice cream and quickly fold it in the hot caramel will string as it hits the cold ice cream. Refreeze or serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, softened], title: Cinnamon Swirl Ice Cream, picturelink: LmwrDV.ZGWyyJPlRqUHxiB4gaglTsdm}, 16329: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs about 3 minutes before the pasta is done, add the green beans. Drain the pasta and beans and rinse under cold water. Toss with half of the cheese, 1 tablespoon olive oil, the lemon zest and salt.nPreheat the broiler. Puree the arugula, parsley, nuts, lemon juice, 3 tablespoons water, the remaining cheese and 1 tablespoon olive oil, and salt to taste in a food processor. Transfer to a bowl.nPlace the chicken breasts between two pieces of plastic wrap and pound to about 12 inch thick. Transfer to a foillined baking sheet and season with salt. Rub all over with 14 cup of the arugula pesto and broil, turning once, until cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes per side.nArrange the tomatoes cutside up on another baking sheet and broil 2 minutes. Spread each with some pesto and sprinkle with the breadcrumbs. Broil until golden, 1 more minute. Serve the chicken, tomatoes and pasta salad with the remaining pesto.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 6 ounces orecchiette about 1 12 cups, 12 pound green beans, trimmed and cut into pieces, 13 cup grated parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 3 cups baby arugula, 12 cup firmly packed fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons almonds or hazelnuts, toasted, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 4 small skinless, boneless chicken breasts about 1 14 pounds, 2 medium tomatoes, halved, 2 teaspoons wholewheat breadcrumbs], title: Chicken With Arugula Pesto, picturelink: IB9SySbTEmeDrlpLUqz1uRH9FdmfWi}, 16330: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a mixer bowl or by hand, cream butter and confectioners sugar until light and fluffy, about 2 to 3 minutes. Beat in egg, almond extract, vanilla, and salt. Blend flour into mixture in several additions, beat until just combined.nRemove half the dough from the bowl. Blend red food coloring into the half remaining in the bowl until the coloring is even. Cover dough a kitchen towel to keep it from drying out as you work. Use a floured teaspoon to measure 1 teaspoon each of white and red dough for each cookie. Roll into 4inch ropes on a lightly floured surface. Place a red and white rope sidebyside, press together lightly and twist to form a spiral. Place on ungreased cookie sheet. Curve top down to form handle of a candy cane. Bake until set, about 9 minutes. While the cookies are baking, put peppermint candies in a resealable plastic bag and crush into small pieces with a rolling pin. Mix the candy with the sugar. Place cooling rack over shallow pan. Immediately remove cookies from cookie sheet and gently place onto cooling rack. Sprinkle with candysugar mixture.nOptional: Cool cookies, drizzle with melted chocolate, and add more candy mixture on top of chocolate., ingredients: [1 cup butter, softened, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 egg, 2 teaspoons almond extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon red food coloring, 24 pieces round peppermint candy, 14 cup sugar, Melted chocolate, for drizzling, optional], title: Candy Cane Cookies, picturelink: null}, 16331: {instructions: Rub the steaks all over with 1 teaspoon mustard and 14 teaspoon each salt and black pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the steaks and cook until browned, 5 to 6 minutes per side for medium rare. Transfer to a cutting board. Wipe out the skillet.nHeat 1 more tablespoon olive oil in the skillet. Add the mushrooms and cook, undisturbed, until golden, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and continue to cook, stirring, until just soft, 3 more minutes.nWhisk the parmesan, sour cream, 3 tablespoons water, the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and 3 teaspoons mustard, the green peppercorns and brine, and 14 teaspoon each salt and black pepper in a large bowl. Add the mushrooms, lettuce, celery, tomatoes and croutons and toss. Cut the steak into bitesize pieces add to the bowl and toss. Divide among plates and top with more parmesan., ingredients: [2 8ounce beef eye round steaks, 4 teaspoons dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces white mushrooms, halved or quartered, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping, 3 tablespoons lowfat sour cream, 2 to 3 teaspoons brined green peppercorns, drained and chopped, plus 1 teaspoon brine from the jar, 2 large romaine lettuce hearts, chopped, 3 stalks celery, sliced, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved or quartered, 2 cups wholewheat croutons], title: SteakPeppercorn Salad, picturelink: S8vaDZqAHWa9i58EIztBSsBVhrh3y9i}, 16332: {instructions: Picadillo:nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Put the turkey in the skillet and cook, separating the clumps of meat with a spoon or spatula, until crumbly and lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer the turkey and any juices to a bowl. Reserve.nAdd the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the butter to a skillet and heat until hot. Add the garlic, onion and bell peppers, season with salt and pepper, and saute for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.nStir in the turkey, tomato, tomato paste, red wine, sherry, capers, raisins, olives, and scallions. Lower the heat to mediumlow, season to taste, and cook for about 15 minutes until the flavors meld. Remove from the heat.nPapas Rellenas:nCombine the mashed potatoes and yuca in a large bowl. Lightly beat 2 of the eggs, and add to the potato mixture, along with the thyme, salt, black pepper, and cayenne. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nForm the potato mixture into balls about 1 12 inches in diameter. Using your thumb or forefinger, make a little well large enough to hold 12 tablespoon of filling in each ball. Add the filling and pinch the dough to seal. Pat the seam gently, then roll the ball to make it smooth and round.nBring out 3 shallow bowls, Put the flour in 1 and season with salt and pepper. In another, beat the remaining 3 eggs with the water. Put the bread crumbs in the third bowl. Roll each ball in flour, then in the eggs, and then in the bread crumbs to coat.nIn a deep fryer or deep pot, heat the oil to 375 degrees F. Drop the papas rellenas in the oil, in batches, and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels. Serve., ingredients: [14 cup pure olive oil, 1 14 pounds ground turkey, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 medium red onion, diced, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and diced, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 large tomato, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 12 cup tomato paste, 1 cup dry red wine, 12 cup Spanish dry sherry, 12 cup small capers, well rinsed and chopped, 12 cup raisins or currants, roughly chopped, 5 tablespoons lightly rinsed and roughly chopped green olives, 34 cup sliced scallions, 3 cups mashed Idaho potatoes about 1 12 pounds potatoes, 3 cups mashed boiled yuca about 1 12 pounds yuca, 5 extralarge eggs, 14 cup chopped thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 cups picadillo de pavo, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons water, 3 cups fine bread crumbs, Canola or peanut oil, for deepfrying], title: Papas Rellenas with Picadillo de Pavo, picturelink: null}, 16333: {instructions: Pulse the ginger, garlic, garam masala and 14 teaspoon each cayenne and salt in a food processor to make a paste. Toss the cauliflower, 1 tablespoon of the spice paste, 1 tablespoon water and a pinch of salt in a microwavesafe bowl set aside. Add the tomato paste to the remaining spice paste pulse, then transfer 1 tablespoon to a bowl. Add 12 cup yogurt, a pinch of salt and the chicken toss to coat.nHeat the olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining tomatospice mixture and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, 1 14 cups water and 12 teaspoon salt bring to a simmer and cook until thickened, 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the broiler. Put the chicken on a foillined baking sheet and broil until almost cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Microwave the cauliflower, 10 to 12 minutes. Toss with the cilantro.nWhisk the remaining 14 cup yogurt into the skillet. Add the chicken simmer until cooked through, 4 minutes. Serve with the cauliflower., ingredients: [1 2inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 4 cloves garlic, 2 teaspoons garam masala, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 1 large head cauliflower, cut into florets, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 34 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 8 skinless, boneless chicken thighs 1 34 to 2 pounds, trimmed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 15ounce can nosaltadded crushed tomatoes, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Chicken Tikka Masala, picturelink: 8Zu1IWBZpGnGs7T6178gB6WO7z8VV2}, 16334: {instructions: Whisk together 2 tablespoons of the vinegar, the almonds, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, the ginger, honey, half of the scallions and some pepper. Toss with the coleslaw mix and set aside.nMix together the remaining scallions, vinegar and soy sauce, the mayonnaise, sesame oil, tuna and some pepper. Divide evenly among the slices of bread. Cut the avocado into thin slices, and fan a quarter of avocado across each sandwich. Garnish with the sprouts. Drizzle lightly with vinegar and sprinkle with pepper.nToss the oranges with the fivespice. Divide the sandwiches, slaw and oranges evenly among four plates. Serve with milk., ingredients: [3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, plus more for drizzling, 2 tablespoons toasted slivered almonds, 3 teaspoons light soy sauce, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 1 teaspoon honey, 4 scallions, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups prepared coleslaw mix, 3 tablespoons light mayonnaise, 1 12 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, Two 5ounce cans solid white tuna packed in water, drained, 4 slices whole wheat bread, lightly toasted, 1 firmripe avocado, 12 cup alfalfa or broccoli sprouts, 3 oranges, cut into wedges, 12 teaspoon fivespice powder, Four 6ounce glasses reducedfat milk], title: Tuna Avocado OpenFaced Sandwiches with Crunchy Slaw and FiveSpice Oranges, picturelink: 47OU6SQLbZQ6aDOiFQ81oJonoFUJvGq}, 16335: {instructions: Slice 1 loaf sevengrain bread 14 inch thick cut each slice into thirds. Toast the bread on a grill pan over high heat, then transfer to a cutting board, drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Top each piece with a slice of tomato, then spread with honey mustard. Top with smoked salmon and more mustard sprinkle with pepper and fresh dill.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [], title: Smoked Salmon Toasts, picturelink: S2fo8eR4e.d7x30LW7ZmragtnpQ6v9u}, 16336: {instructions: In a large stem glass arrange slices of lemon and lime between ice cubes to fill the glass. Pour 4 ounces of white wine, 12 cup, and 2 ounces of sparkling lemon lime seltzer water, 14 cup, down over fruit and ice. Stir with cocktail stirstick or straw and serve., ingredients: [2 14inch slices lemon, 2 14inch slices lime, Ice cubes, 4 ounces Pinot Grigio or other white wine, 2 ounces lemon lime flavored seltzer water], title: Citrus White Wine Spritzer, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 16337: {instructions: In large bowl or fish bowl, pour ingredients over ice, stir and garnish with grapes and lime wedges. Ladle into glasses and serve with long straws., ingredients: [6 ounces vodka, 3 ounces rum, 1 ounce gin, 2 ounces Triple Sec, 12 ounces grape juice, 12 ounces lemon lime soda, 1 cup red grapes, for garnish, 4 lime wedges, for garnish], title: The Grape Ape Bowla, picturelink: null}, 16338: {instructions: Heat up the extravirgin olive oil in a large stewing pot. Add the onion, carrot, and celery. Cook until the vegetables have become soft. Add the cubed wild boar and season with nutmeg, salt, and black pepper. Mix the ingredients together and add the wine. Allow the wine to reduce. Add the tomato puree, beef broth, and salt. Cover with a lid and cook for 2 hours., ingredients: [4 tablespoons60 ml extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, coarsely chopped, 1 carrot, coarsely chopped, 1 celery stalk, coarsely chopped, 2 pounds900 g wild boar, cubed, 12 teaspoon2.5 ml nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup250 ml red wine, 1 28ounce800 g can pureed tomatoes, 1 cup250 ml beef broth], title: Spezzatino di Cinghiale: Wild Boar Stew, picturelink: null}, 16339: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing a hot skillet, fry slices of the sausage and bacon. Remove from the pan and set aside. Using the same pan, crack the eggs and fry them sunny side up for a couple of minutes until desired doneness. Slice the tomatoes and season with salt.nServe on a large plate while hot.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 pound black pudding, store bought or sausage, sliced, 1 pound sliced bacon, 8 eggs, 1 tomato, Salt], title: Traditional Black Pudding with Fried Eggs, picturelink: 8CfEw.dqOpkubjTV7snK7zYljr7eR36}, 16340: {instructions: In a large heavy bottom pot over medium heat, add in celery root, parsnip root, whole milk, garlic and thyme. Bring to a simmer and reduce heat. Simmer 5 to 7 minutes or until fork tender. Strain, reserving liquid. Discard thyme bundle. Place vegetables in food processor and pulse, adding reserved liquid as necessary to desired consistency, pulse to desired texture. Add butter and salt and pepper to taste, and pulse. Garnish with bacon and fried onions. Serve with reduced broth from Short Ribs.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large Dutch oven, over mediumhigh heat, cook bacon to render fat. Remove bacon and reserve for another use. Season ribs with salt and pepper. Sear all sides of ribs, in batches, ends included, and then remove. Add in vegetables, cook for 5 minutes, add flour and spices, cook for 3 minutes longer and deglaze pan with red wine. Put the ribs back into pot and add stock to cover 34 of the way up the ribs. Cover and cook in oven for 1 hour 30 minutes to 1 hour 45 minutes or until fork tender. Remove ribs to a baking dish and brush with Balsamic Glaze, cover with foil and keep warm in a preheated 250 degrees F oven. Strain and reduce broth by a third. Reserve broth for another use.nIn a small pot over medium heat, combine all ingredients. Whisk occasionally and reduce by one third., ingredients: [1 cup celery root, peeled and 12inch dice, 4 cups parsnip root, peeled and 12inch dice, 6 cups whole milk, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 6 thyme sprigs, whole, tied together with kitchen string, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, Bacon reserved from Short Ribs, recipe follows, for garnish, 14 cup crisp fried onions, for garnish, Reduced broth from Short Ribs, for serving, 14 pound bacon, diced, 4 pounds short ribs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 cup red bell pepper, 1inch dice, 2 cups carrots, 1inch dice, 2 cups celery, 1inch dice, 12 cipollini onions, peeled, whole, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons dried rosemary, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 tablespoon pickling spice, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup red wine, 3 cups beef stock, Balsamic Glaze, recipe follows, 1 12 cups balsamic vinegar, 34 cup pomegranate juice, 5 tablespoons honey], title: Parsnip Puree, picturelink: null}, 16341: {instructions: Heat butter in a skillet. Cook the onion, pepper and mushrooms for about 10 minutes or until tender. Add the paprika, tomatoes or liquid and bring to a simmer season to taste with salt and pepper.nAdd beef and vegetables to sauce and gently reheat until ingredients are heated through. Remove from heat, add sour cream if you wish and dill serve over noodles, boiled potatoes or rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup each finely chopped onion, bell pepper and mushrooms, 1 tablespoon paprika, About 2 cups cooked diced beef, About 1 to 2 cups leftover vegetables, chopped, 1 cup chopped canned plum tomatoes or leftover broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup chopped dill, Cooked rice or egg noodles], title: Second Time Around Beef Sauce for Pasta, picturelink: null}, 16342: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil add the pasta and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. Meanwhile, melt 1 tablespoon butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour, mustard and cayenne and stir with a wooden spoon to make a paste. Cook, stirring, until the paste puffs slightly, about 1 minute. Whisk in both milks and 12 teaspoon salt and simmer, whisking occasionally, until slightly thickened and creamy, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the cheddar and jack cheeses and all but 2 tablespoons of the parmesan and whisk until melted keep warm. Combine the panko, herbs andor scallions, 1 tablespoon butter and the remaining parmesan in a microwavesafe bowl and microwave until the butter melts, about 1 minute toss. Drain the pasta, reserving about 1 cup cooking water, and return to the pot. Toss with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, then stir in the cheese sauce, adding the reserved cooking water if needed. Season with salt and top with the breadcrumb mixture.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces gemelli, cavatappi or other spiralshaped pasta, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk, 12 cup whole milk, 34 cup shredded yellow sharp cheddar cheese, 34 cup shredded monterey jack cheese, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, 12 cup panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, chives andor scallions], title: TripleCheese Spirals, picturelink: T2QdyjsjC2R9yE0aLkkzNyejcuwStQC}, 16343: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the berries in the bottom of a 10inch stainless steel skillet. Use a fork to beat the egg and 14 cup water in a small bowl until combined. Put the flour and sugar in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until the mixture is uniform. Drop in the butter cubes, toss with a fork to coat in the flour mixture and pulse until the mixture is crumbly and moist, about 8 long pulses. Add half of the egg mixture and process about 15 seconds. Add the rest and process another 15 seconds.nDollop the batter over the berries. Spread the batter with the back of a spoonsome berries will poke through, which is fine. Bake until the berries are bubbling and a wooden skewer inserted into the center of the cake comes out with a few crumbs attached, about 30 minutes. Cool slightly and serve., ingredients: [], title: Raspberry Cloud Cake, picturelink: null}, 16344: {instructions: Place the lemons, 2 to 3 tablespoons salt, peppercorns, and lemon juice in a quart jar and cover with water. Store chilled for 3 weeks., ingredients: [3 organic lemons, skin scrubbed well, Kosher salt, 4 peppercorns, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Lemon Confit, picturelink: 9p1yrTII7zrnQtclwHPnj6ZPo6FQC}, 16345: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the batter: In a large bowl, whisk together the milk, eggs, 2 tablespoons melted butter and vanilla. In another bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar and salt. Combine the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients, whisking out any lumps. Let the batter rest for a few minutes while you prepare the fillings. Batter can be covered and refrigerated for up to 24 hours, but it may need to be thinned a bit.nFor the fillings: Mix together 1 cup cherry pie filling and the cream cheese cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Put the remaining cherry pie filling into a serving bowl. When ready to serve, slice the bananas and put them into a bowl put the chocolate spread into another bowl.nFor the pancakes: Grease the pan with a bit of the melted butter. Pour a scant 14 cup of batter into the pan, swirling the pan to coat it evenly. When the top looks dry and bubbles and the edges are lightly browned, 45 seconds to 1 minute, flip the pancake over and cook for an additional 15 to 20 seconds. The first pancake may not turn out perfect so dont worry if it does not work, eat it as a snack. Place the pancake onto a plate and continue cooking the remaining batter in the 14 cup increments, brushing the pan with melted butter as needed. Stack the pancakes on top of each other and set aside covered with foil until ready to serve. Pancakes can be covered and refrigerated for up to 24 hours. Pancakes can be placed between layers of wax paper, wrapped in plastic and frozen for up to a month. Thaw overnight in the refrigerator before using.nTo serve: Put the pancakes out along with the bowls of fillings. Fill a pancake with a dollop of 1 of the fillings fold it in half and roll it up like a cigar. Garnish with a dollop of the remaining cherry pie filling or sprinkle with a bit of the powdered sugar., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 2 large eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted melted butter, divided, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 pinch kosher salt, 1 15ounce can cherry pie filling, divided, 1 8ounce container whipped cream cheese, 2 bananas, sliced, 12 cup chocolate and hazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Swedish Pancakes with Cherry Cream Cheese and ChocolateBanana Fillings, picturelink: 3GZqw0Wb1.wPjbx8.22T9tjK03.XCIS}, 16346: {instructions: For the tomato confit: Preheat the oven to 220 degrees F. Combine the grape tomatoes, green tomato, red onion, garlic, bacon fat, olive oil, thyme, bay leaves, rosemary, sage and a pinch each of salt, pepper and sugar in a small casserole dish. Cover the casserole with foil and place it in the center oven rack. Let cook for at least 2 hours. Carefully remove the foil and inspect the confit: The grape tomatoes should be wilted, but not popped, and the red onions should be nice and brightly translucent. Discard the herb sprigs and bay leaves and keep the confit covered near the stove until ready to plate.nFor the shrimp: Heat an 11inch saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper and keep dry. Warm the butter in the pan. In batches, sear the shrimp on both sides for 2 minutes in butter. Transfer the shrimp to a plate and keep warm. Reserve the pan and drippings for the spinach.nFor the grits: Combine the cream, chicken broth, corn stock, butter, thyme and garlic in a 4quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat and cook until boiling. Season the liquid lightly with salt. Slowly stir the grits into the liquid. Once all the grits are incorporated, turn the heat down to low and cook, stirring every minute or so, until cooked, about 10 minutes. You will know the grits are done when theres still a little texture, but the grains dont stick to your teeth. Finish with some cracked black pepper and cover until plating. If the grits become thick after standing, adding warm chicken stock will help to thin them.nFor the shrimp creamed spinach: Heat the butter in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 cups of the reserved shrimp shells and sear until the shells are bright and release a nice shellfish aroma, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the Vidalia onion, bay leaf and 1 tablespoon of the garlic and cook an additional 2 minutes. Reduce the heat, add the cream and simmer until thickened and reduced slightly, 10 to 12 minutes. Strain through a mesh strainer and reserve.nBring a medium pot half full of salted water to a boil. In the meantime, place a large bowl of ice water nearby. When the water is boiling, add the spinach and blanch for about 30 seconds. Use tongs and carefully remove the spinach to the ice water. Drain with a colander and set aside to let dry for a few minutes.nIn the same pan used to sear the shrimp, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the spinach and cook until just beginning to wilt, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon garlic and the shrimp cream and cook until the cream thickens.nFor the bacon gastrique: Cook the bacon in a 2quart saucepan over medium heat until almost crispy, about 10 minutes.nAdd the onion and garlic and sweat lightly over medium heat until translucent. Add the brown sugar, Marsala, sherry wine and vinegar and cook until reduced, about 15 minutes, then taste. The gastrique should be rather on the thin sidechunky and sweet with a nice acidity and dark in color. Cover and keep warm until ready to plate.nTo serve: Scoop about 1 cup grits each in the center of 4 entree bowls. Divide the cream spinach among the bowls, placing it in the middle, standing tall on the grits. Arrange 6 to 8 shrimp around the spinach in each bowl. Next, spoon the warm confit tomato on top of the cream spinach. Finish with a spoon of the smoked bacon gastrique around the edge of the bowl., ingredients: [1 pint grape tomatoes, 1 green tomato, cored and cut into 12inch dice, 1 red onion, cut into 12inch dice, 5 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed on cutting board with broad side of chefs knife., 2 ounces bacon fat, melted, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, fresh if possible, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 sprig fresh sage, Salt and pepper, Pinch of sugar, 2 pounds fresh, mild shrimp 1620 count, peeled and deveined shells reserved, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, 3 cups heavy cream, 1 pint chicken broth, plus more if necessary, 1 pint corn stock made by boiling corn cobs in water for 1 hour, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Salt, 1 pint quickcooking grits, such as Anson Mills Antebellum Quick Grits, Cracked black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 Vidalia onion, rough chopped, 1 bay leaf, fresh if possible, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, Salt, 34 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds baby spinach, 12 pound thickcut smoked bacon, cut into small 14inch dice, 12 yellow onion, peeled and cut into small 14inch dice, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, smashed and chopped finely, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup Marsala wine, 12 cup sherry wine, 12 cup sherry vinegar], title: Shrimp and Grits with Creamed Spinach, Tomato Confit and Smoked Bacon Gastrique, picturelink: null}, 16347: {instructions: Roll out refrigerated pizza dough to 14inch thick cut into 3inch rounds. Top with tomato sauce and grated mozzarella and parmesan. Brush the edges with beaten egg, fold in half and press to seal. Brush with egg and sprinkle with parmesan before baking. Poke a hole in each bake 20 minutes at 400 degrees F., ingredients: [], title: Pizza Pockets, picturelink: umO9MoHKsgbvI0V2bFWcoDWtOiMLyv.}, 16348: {instructions: Slice rhubarb. Heat raisins in Muscat and 12 cup of water until plump. Heat oil in medium sauce pan, add the mustard seeds, aleppo chili and Lucknowi, cook until fragrant. Add the chopped ginger and sweat. Add slices rhubarb and saute quickly. Add the muscat and the raisins and cook rapidly. Make sure that the rhubarb does not get mashed up. Season with salt and pepper, remove from heat and cool rapidly., ingredients: [1 cup raisins, 12 cup of Talavera Muscat, 1 tablespoon of canola oil, 14 teaspoon brown mustard, 12 teaspoon yellow mustard, 14 teaspoon Aleppo pepper, 1 teaspoon Lucknowi fennel, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger, 4 stalks of rhubarb, sliced, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Rhubarb Chutney, picturelink: null}, 16349: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare a charcoal grill with hot coals or heat a gas grill.nIn a noncorrosive saucepan, reduce the sherry wine vinegar and sugar by boiling rapidly until reduced to 14 cup, about 5 minutes. It should be thick and syrupy. Youve just made your own balsamic vinegar.nMeanwhile, heat a tablespoon of olive oil in a small saute pan, add the garlic and cook for 1 minute until browned.nSlice the eggplants vertically in 12 very thin slices with the skin on.nBrush the eggplant slices with olive oil and grill them until they are just about to burn, the duration will depend on how hot the grill is. You want some char here, nearly black is good. You can also do this on a skillet.nDrizzle the vinegar syrup over the eggplant slices and garnish with the garlic., ingredients: [1 cup sherry wine vinegar, 13 cup sugar, Olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 medium eggplants], title: Grilled Eggplant with Sherry Vinegar Drizzle, picturelink: 5QFsxM6mFLGfQE35ee00Tf7Ut2XNb8y}, 16350: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter the inside of a 10by15by2inch 10cup baking dish.nRemove the stalks from the fennel and cut the bulbs in half lengthwise. Remove the cores and thinly slice the bulbs crosswise, making approximately 4 cups of sliced fennel. Saute the fennel and onions in the olive oil and butter on mediumlow heat for 15 minutes, until tender.nPeel the potatoes, then thinly slice them by hand or with a mandoline. Mix the sliced potatoes in a large bowl with 2 cups of cream, 2 cups of Gruyu00e8re, salt, and pepper. Add the sauteed fennel and onion and mix well.nPour the potatoes into the baking dish. Press down to smooth the potatoes. Combine the remaining 2 tablespoons of cream and 12 cup of Gruyu00e8re and sprinkle on the top. Bake for 1 12 hours, until the potatoes are very tender and the top is browned and bubbly. Allow to set for 10 minutes and serve., ingredients: [12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 small fennel bulbs, 1 yellow onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 pounds russet potatoes 4 large potatoes, 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 12 cups grated Gruyu00e8re cheese 12 pound, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: PotatoFennel Gratin, picturelink: null}, 16351: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Season the chicken with 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Heat a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat add 12 tablespoon vegetable oil, then add the chicken, skinside down, and cook until the skin is golden brown, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a rimmed baking sheet, skinside up reserve the skillet.nToss the mushrooms with the remaining 12 tablespoon vegetable oil and season with salt and pepper scatter around the chicken on the baking sheet. Bake until the mushrooms are tender and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the chicken registers 160 degrees F, about 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in the reserved skillet over medium heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the chicken broth and bring to a simmer, whisking. Add the wine, sugar and 14 teaspoon salt and simmer until the sauce is reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nSpoon some of the red wine sauce onto each plate top with the chicken and mushrooms.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [2 skinon, bonein chicken breasts 12 to 14 ounces each, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 pound oyster andor maitake mushrooms, trimmed and torn into pieces, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup dry red wine, 12 teaspoon sugar], title: Roast Chicken and Mushrooms With Red Wine Sauce, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 16352: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the butter to melt in a medium skillet over medium heat. Saute the apples, celery, and onions seasoned with a bay leaf, salt, and pepper, until very tender, 10 minutes. Add the stuffing cubes and moisten with 1 to 11 2 cups of stock season with poultry seasoning. Cool completely, then combine in a bowl with ground turkey, salt, pepper, half the parsley, and egg. Form 4 ovalshaped loaves a couple of inches thick. Arrange on a rack over baking sheet or parchmentlined baking sheet and coat with a little oil to glisten. Roast until brown and firm, 45 minutes, depending on thickness.nReheat the meatloaves in medium hot oven to warm through. Place them in a shallow baking dish and cover with foil. Cooks Note: To keep the loaves from drying out  add a splash of stock, this will keep the loaves super moist.nIn a saucepan, whisk the oil and 14 cup flour over medium heat 10 to 15 minutes, until the color of peanutbutter. Add lots of coarse pepper to the roux, then whisk in a couple of cups of stock and thicken, season with salt to taste. Cool completely and store in the refrigerator. Reheat the mixture in a saucepan over medium flame.nWhile the meatloaves bake, boil the potatoes in enough water to cover. Drain, then return the potatoes to the hot pot and mash with milk, herb cheese, mixed herbs, remaining parsley, salt and pepper. Cool completely and store in the refrigerator.nReheat the potatoes in a saucepan over mediumlow heat, adding a little more milk as the potatoes warm to loosen them up a bit.nServe the meatloaves, whole or sliced, with mashed potatoes and gravy., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 2 McIntosh apples, cored and chopped, 3 to 4 small ribs celery, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 1 bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cup stuffing cubes recommended: Pepperidge Farm or stale cubed white bread, 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning, 4 cups chicken or turkey stock in a box, 2 pounds ground turkey, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 large egg, 14 cup vegetable oil, plus more for drizzling, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 pounds starchy potatoes, peeled, 1 cup whole milk, 1 5ounce package soft herb cheese recommended: Boursin, 14 cup chopped mixed fresh herbs recommended: chives, dill, thyme], title: Turkey Stuffing Meatloaves and Mashed Potatoes with Herbs, picturelink: 5R0JMBtL9mmDXyFt4JimBkw9q0OBCFS}, 16353: {instructions: Blanch and shock spinach. Squeeze out all water from spinach. Place spinach, cream, sour cream and cilantro in a food processor. Puree until smooth. Season with salt, L.A spice and lime juice., ingredients: [2 ounces spinach, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 cups sour cream, 2 12 ounces cilantro, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon L.A spice, 2 limes, juiced], title: Cilantro Cream, picturelink: null}, 16354: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the squash on a sheet pan and drizzle with the olive oil, salt, and pepper and toss well. Arrange the squash in one layer and roast for 25 to 30 minutes, until the squash is tender, turning once with a metal spatula., ingredients: [1 large butternut squash about 3 pounds, peeled and seeded and cut in 1inch chunks, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Butternut Squash, picturelink: ujixBml224o5pCTvQZzqPYHnq1wDlAS}, 16355: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine simple syrup, lime juice and mint leaves in a blender and blend until combined. Add the rum and crushed ice and blend until frothy. Pour into 2 rocks glasses and garnish with mint sprigs., ingredients: [14 cup simple syrup equal parts sugar and water boiled together until sugar melts, 2 limes, juiced, 12 fresh mint leaves, plus mint sprigs for garnish, 4 ounces white rum, 2 cups crushed ice], title: Frozen Mojito, picturelink: z47DL0JLRXGEcmkeCdVDxiGYIHvtkS}, 16356: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour turkey drippings from Roasted Butter Herb Turkey into a large container and let cook slightly. Skim fat from drippings and reserve.nIn a large saucepan over medium heat, make a roux by combining 2 tablespoons of the skimmed fat and 2 tablespoons of flour. Cook until mixture is a beige color. Slowly whisk in 2 cups of turkey drippings substitute chicken broth if short on drippings or if a thinner consistency is desired Stir in 1 teaspoon of poultry seasoning. Over mediumhigh heat, bring to a boil, stirring constantly until gravy is desired consistency. Remove from heat. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [Quick mixing flour recommended: Wondra, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, Salt and pepper], title: Turkey Dripping Gravy, picturelink: tWD.du38TgYYMX0NMAsk75YnM7JiULq}, 16357: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the potatoes in a saucepan and add enough water to cover generously. Salt the water, bring it to a simmer over medium heat, cover partially, and cook until the potatoes are tender enough to stick a fork into but still on the firm side of done, about 20 minutes. Drain the potatoes and let cool. You can boil the potatoes up to a day ahead of time and keep them in the refrigerator if you like.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, clarify the butter: Heat the butter in a small skillet over medium heat until it foams and starts to turn dark blond on top, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let the butter sit for a few minutes. Then tilt the skillet toward you and gently spoon off and discard the layer of foam. Pour the clear golden butter into a bowl, discarding the dark dregs at the bottom of the skillet.nCoarsely grate the potatoes, skins and all, onto a baking sheet, making sure to keep them loose and not to pack them down. Combine 12 teaspoon salt and the black pepper in a small bowl.nHeat a 10inch castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat, and add half of the clarified butter. Add a third of the potatoes in an even layer, keeping them loose. Top with half of the onions and season with some of the salt and pepper mixture. Add another third of the potatoes and the rest of the onions, and season again with salt and pepper. Add the remaining potatoes, season again, and then reduce the heat to medium and cook the potato cake until the bottom turns dark amber brown, about 15 minutes. Peek on the sides: If its browning too quickly, turn the heat down to mediumlow.nPut a large plate upside down over the skillet, and using two thick oven mitts, grab the sides of the skillet and turn it upside down, releasing the hashbrown cake onto the plate. Put the empty skillet back on the burner and add all but 1 tablespoon of the remaining clarified butter. Slide the potato cake back into the skillet. Cook until the underside turns dark amber brown, 10 to 15 minutes.nWhile the potato cake is cooking, fry the peppers: Heat a large saute pan over medium heat and add the remaining tablespoon of the clarified butter. Add the peppers and 14 teaspoon salt, and cook, flipping them often, until they blister and feel tender throughout, about 10 minutes.nTo serve, lay the large plate upside down over the skillet, and using oven mitts, invert as before. If the first side was prettier, invert the cake again onto another serving plate. Top with a jumble of fried peppers. Cut into wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 12 pounds russet potatoes, scrubbed but not peeled about 3 to 4 large or 8 small potatoes, Fine sea salt, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks salted butter, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium Vidalia onion, diced, 8 ounces frying peppers, such as Hungarian wax, baby poblano or Annaheim, whole if small, halved if large], title: Glorified HashBrown Cake with Frying Peppers, picturelink: RzUghpP7ZlPjmC5bvmA7xSzkKpSivW}, 16358: {instructions: For Ice Pops:nIn a small saucepan add the reserved Mandarin orange juice and 1 cup of sugar, and cook over mediumhigh heat until thick and syrupy, about 8 minutes. Let cool to room temperature.nReserve 4 orange segments for garnishing the Orange Fizz Cocktail. In a blender combine the cooled syrup with remaining oranges and puree. Reserve 1 cup of the blended orange mixture for Orange Fizz Cocktail. Add the heavy cream to the blender with remaining orange mixture and vodka, if desired, and blend until smooth. Pour into ice pop molds, cover, insert ice pop sticks and freeze until frozen, about 4 hours., ingredients: [2 15ounce cans Mandarin oranges, strained, juice reserved, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces vanilla vodka, optional, Special Equipment: 10 count 3.5ounce ice pop mold], title: Orange Cream Pops, picturelink: null}, 16359: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 16360: {instructions: Combine beer, water and salt. Put the chicken in the curing liquid. Drain and pat dry with paper towels. Saute the chicken breast in medium pan with 1 tablespoon olive oil, skin side down 3 minutes on medium heat and additional minutes on 400 degrees in the oven. Take out, turn to meat side and let rest in pan for additional 2 minutes.nBrush sheet pan with olive oil and put all ingredients in sheet pan. Roast in oven for 25 minutes. Take out and put in blender. Blend until smooth. Put in pot and add in tablespoon grated parmesan cheese, salt and pepper to tastenSaute in pot with all ingredients except chicken stock and yogurt. After 4 minutes, add in stock, let simmer for 15 minutes. Add in yogurt right before service. Garnish with toasted pumpkin seeds and touch of balsamic vinegar drizzle on plate, ingredients: [4 chicken breasts, skin on, 1 cup beer wheat, 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 butternut squash cut in half, 1 red onion, 1 tablespoon olive oil or pumpkin seed oil, 4 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 tablespoon parmesan cheese, 1 cup basmati rice, 14 cup chopped onion, 1 cup chopped butternut squash, 1 cup chopped apples peeled, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 3 cups of chicken stock or water, 1 cup yogurt], title: Beer Marinated Chicken with Pumpkin Puree and Yogurt Rice, picturelink: null}, 16361: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nToast the pumpkinseeds and ancho powder in a saute pan on medium high heat. Remove, crush in a mortar and pestle, and place in a large bowl. Add salt, pepper, and fresh thyme.nStuff the goat cheese underneath the chicken skin of the breast, then dredge the chicken on both sides in the mixture and remove. Heat a saute pan on medium heat, add olive oil. Place the chicken, skin side down into the pan.nWhen it becomes golden, flip the chicken and place into the oven for 12 to 15 minutes. Serve with a green salad or favorite vegetables.nServing suggestion: a green salad or favorite vegetables., ingredients: [1 cup pumpkinseeds, 1 teaspoon ancho powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon thyme fresh, chopped, 1 cup goat cheese, 4 12ounce chicken breasts, skin and wing bone attached, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Pumpkin SeedCrusted Chicken, picturelink: null}, 16362: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the corned beef with its spice packet to a large Dutch oven. Add the mustard seeds, bay leaf and chili powder. Pour in the beer and cover the corned beef under 2 inches of water. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer, cover with a lid, turn heat to low and cook for 3 hours.nAdd the carrots, rutabagas, turnips and onions after 3 hours, and cook uncovered until the vegetables are tender, another 30 minutes.nRemove the corned beef to a cutting board and slice into 14inchthick pieces against the grain of the meat. Place on a platter with the vegetables and some Dijon mustard for serving., ingredients: [One 4pound brisket corned beef, 2 teaspoons mustard seeds, 1 bay leaf, Pinch red chili powder, One 12ounce bottle of beer, 2 carrots, cut into 2inch chunks, 2 rutabagas, peeled and cut into 6 wedges softball size, 2 turnips, peeled and cut into 6 wedges softball size, 1 large yellow onion, peeled and cut into wedges, Dijon mustard, for serving], title: Corned Beef with Root Vegetables, picturelink: NVmJ.r6UPKgBgSQRvslaiNU5c8IUfm}, 16363: {instructions: Bring milk, heavy cream, coconut milk, and coconut flakes to simmer in heavy saucepan for a few minutes. Allow to steep for 10 minutes.nWhisk the egg yolks, sugar, and salt together, long enough to dissolve the sugar.nTemper hot liquid into egg mixture. Return all back into saucepan over low heat, stirring all the while, until mixture starts to thicken. Strain through a chinois. Chill immediately over ice bath.nChurn in a standard ice cream machine., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups coconut milk, 1 cup coconut flakes, toasted, 8 egg yolks, 112 cups sugar, Pinch salt], title: Coconut Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 16364: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Slice the potatoes lengthwise into thin ovals use a mandoline if you have one. Toss with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper, then arrange in a single layer on 2 baking sheets. Bake until tender and pliable but not brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Line the side of a 9inch pie plate with overlapping potato slices so they stick out above the rim line the bottom with the remaining slices.nWhisk the eggs and egg yolks, halfandhalf, chives, nutmeg, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a bowl stir in 1 cup cheese. Pour into the potatolined pie plate and scatter the remaining 12 cup cheese on top. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and bake the quiche until just set in the center, 40 to 50 minutes. Let cool at least 20 minutes before slicing.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [2 medium russet potatoes, peeled, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 large eggs plus 3 egg yolks, 2 cups halfandhalf, 34 cup chopped fresh chives, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 1 12 cups grated fontina or gruyere cheese about 6 ounces], title: PotatoCrusted Quiche, picturelink: X9MEArKznX5O3jh0KyuX.lPEGPBWp.2}, 16365: {instructions: Cut four 4inch rounds from 1 piece refrigerated pie dough. Spread 1 tablespoon jam in the center of each, leaving a 34inch border around the edge. Brush the dough with beaten egg and crimp the edges. Sprinkle with sliced almonds. Bake at 450 degrees F, 10 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Jam Galettes, picturelink: ZpPWNYK.MQ8K8KbvXmgwYiDvg.z092}, 16366: {instructions: Chop the onion, pepperoncini, lettuce and tomato into bitesize pieces. Dice the meats and cheese.nCombine the chopped vegetables, meats and cheese in a large bowl. Add the mayonnaise, olive oil, oregano, basil and red pepper flakes and stir until everything is all mixed up and tasty. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nCarve out the center of the bread loaf to make a bowl dont cut through the bottom and cut the scraps into bitesize pieces. Serve the hoagie dip in the bread bowl, with the extra bread and hoagie rolls to scoop it up. YummersnPhotograph by Rick Lew, ingredients: [1 medium onion, 2 pickled pepperoncini peppers, 12 head iceberg lettuce, 1 large tomato, halved and seeded, 14 pound delisliced genoa salami, 14 pound delisliced ham, 14 pound delisliced prosciutto, 14 pound delisliced roast turkey, 14 pound delisliced provolone cheese, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 12 teaspoons dried basil, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 10to12inch round loaf Italian bread, 8 hoagie rolls, cut into pieces, for dipping], title: Mary Alices Hoagie Dip, picturelink: 4DZJSecijhDJ6mcvPGMvPOktl1MW6}, 16367: {instructions: Toast pine nuts in a dry skillet over medium heat until all the nuts are slightly browned, about 2 minutes. Set aside.nCook pasta according to package directions drain.nWhile pasta is cooking, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add carrots cook for 30 seconds while stirring. Add zucchini and squash cook, stirring, until tender, about 3 minutes. Remove vegetables from skillet.nAdd remaining oil to skillet stir in flour until absorbed. Stir in the halfandhalf and tomato paste. Cook, stirring, until mixture comes to a boil and thickens. Stir in pasta and vegetables. Cook, tossing, until heated through. Remove from heat and stir in cheese and add salt an, ingredients: [13 cup pine nuts, 12 ounces penne, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 cup julienned carrots, 1 cup julienned zucchini, 1 cup julienned yellow squash, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 13 cup Parmesan cheese, Salt and ground pepper, to taste], title: Penne Pasta Primavera, picturelink: null}, 16368: {instructions: Set the cubed butter on a plate and place it in the freezer for 15 minutes. Fill a cup with ice and water and set aside. Place 1 12 of the flour, 1 8 teaspoon of the salt, and 1 tablespoon of the sugar in the bowl of a food processor and pulse to combine. Take the butter out of the freezer and add it to the flour. Pulse the mixture until it looks like wet sand, about 10 seconds. Add 2 to 3 tablespoons of the ice water and pulse until the dough comes together into a ball.nLightly flour your work surface and place the dough on top. Then lightly flour the top of the dough and roll to about a 10 to 11inch circle, sprinkling more flour under and on top of the dough as necessary. Gently drape the dough over the rolling pin and transfer it to a 9 or 9 12inch fluted tart pan ideally one with a removable bottom. Fit the dough into the bottom and up the sides of the pan as evenly as possible and press off excess dough from the fluted rim. Set the tart pan on a baking sheet and place in the refrigerator for 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350degreesF. Peel, core, and quarter the apples and then thinly slice them lengthwise. Place the apples in a large bowl and toss with the lemon juice, the cinnamon, and the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar and 1 8 teaspoon salt. Remove the baking sheet with the tart shell from the refrigerator. Arrange the apples in concentric circles so they overlap slightly. Brush the edges of the crust with the melted butter and then bake until the edges are golden and the apples have cooked down, about 1 hour. Cool for 15 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, cut into1inch cubes, plus 1 tablespoon, melted, 112 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for rolling, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 Granny Smith apples, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Classic Apple Tart, picturelink: GOw3HMFFpFQe4WKjfTk1fy.0B8RqY2}, 16369: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSprinkle Parmesan cheese evenly on foillined 13x9inch baking pan sprayed with nonstick cooking spray. Bake 9 to 11 minutes or until cheese is melted and lightly browned cool in pan. Break crisps into irregularsized pieces.nDivide salad on 3 large plates. Arrange oranges, grapes, prosciutto strips and dates on top of each salad. Drizzle with Aioli Dressing, to taste. Garnish with cheese crisps. Refrigerate any remaining dressing.nAioli Dressing: Combine 13 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons water, 5 garlic cloves, finely minced, 1 pasteurized egg or 14 cup egg substitute, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, and 12 teaspoon prepared yellow mustard in blender container. Cover blend at medium speed. Slowly add 13 cup olive oil and 13 cup vegetable oil in thin stream, until blended. Makes about 112 cups., ingredients: [12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 container 5 oz. DOLEu00ae Arugula, 1 can 11 oz. DOLEu00ae Mandarin Oranges, drained, 1 cup green grapes, cut in half, 1 pkg. 6 oz. prosciutto slices, cut into 12inch strips, 12 cup DOLEu00ae Whole Pitted Dates, Aioli Dressing recipe below], title: Italian Fruit Salad, picturelink: VRGZh3FDZHCBiOAGCrMAsbf1Gd1Hgy}, 16370: {instructions: Trim the leeks to about 7 inches long. Split them lengthwise to within 1 12 inches of the root end, leaving the root end intact. Submerge the leeks in a large bowl of water, let them soak to release any dirt or sand, for several minutes. Lift the leeks out of the water and discard the water.nPour about 1inch of water into a large saucepan, and set up a collapsible steamer inside. Bring the water to boil and steam the leeks, covered, until crisptender, about 6 minutes. Shock the leeks in a bowl of ice water and drain. Cut the leeks apart at the root ends and drain them on paper towels. Transfer the leeks to a shallow dish.nBrush the leeks with the vegetable oil and, working in batches, grill them over medium heat until charred and soft, about 4 minutes per side. The leeks may be prepared up to the is point 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled.nIn a bowl whisk together the herbs, bell pepper, olives, mustard, and vinegar. While whisking, add the oil in a stream until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper.nPour the vinaigrette over the leeks and turn them to coat evenly. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours or up to overnight.nWhen ready to serve, arrange the leeks on a platter and pour any remaining vinaigrette over the top. Garnish with red pepper, parsley, and egg., ingredients: [12 medium leeks about 4 12 pounds, tough outer leaves discarded, Vegetable oil, for grilling, 13 cup minced assorted fresh herbs, such as chives, parsley, mint, basil, and tarragon, 14 cup finely diced red bell pepper, plus more for garnish, 14 cup kalamata or other brinecured black olives, pitted and diced fine, 4 teaspoons Dijonstyle mustard, 3 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped flatleaf parsley, for garnish, Diced hardboiled egg, for garnish], title: Grilled Leek Vinaigrette, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 16371: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven at 350 degrees F.nPrepare brownies as directed on the box for cakelike brownies but add additional 3 eggs. Spread half the batter into an 8 by 8inch prepared pan, top evenly with the pecans and chocolate caramel covered wafers.. Cover with remainder of batter. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes or until the brownies are almost cooked through. Remove brownies from oven. Cool completely. Remove brownies from pan keeping square intact. Place on a baking sheet.nTop with ganache, whipped topping, raspberries, and chocolate shavings.nMix together syrup and chocolate. Pour warm cream over syrup and chocolate. Stir until melted.nWhip the heavy cream, adding the sugar and cognac., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing pan, 1 21ounce box brownie mix, 3 large eggs, 1 cup chopped pecans, 10 chocolatecaramel covered wafers, Ganache, for brownie topping, recipe follows, Whipped topping, recipe follows, Fresh raspberries, Chocolate shavings, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped finely, 12 cup heavy cream warmed, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons cognac], title: Chocolate Brownie Crunch, picturelink: le5Hx1fvYuutPp4q2FOwvKFPMWkFHWm}, 16372: {instructions: In a large heavybottom pot, melt the butter over low heat. Add the sliced onions, thyme, salt, and pepper and continue to cook, stirring occasionally until the onions become a deep golden brown and very soft, about 30 minutes.nAdd the flour and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the white wine and scrape up any dry bits on the bottom of the pan, increasing the heat to a boil for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the beef stock, and the chicken stock, and allow the soup to simmer for an additional 30 minutes as the flavors develop. Season the soup generously with salt, and pepper, to taste.nPreheat the oven to broil, or turn on the broiler. Arrange the ciabatta cubes on a baking sheet and toast until crispy, about 3 to 5 minutes.nRemove the thyme sprigs and pour the soup into 4 to 6 ovensafe crocks or bowls. Top with the toasted ciabatta cubes and a generous amount of grated Gruyere.nPlace the crocks or bowls under the broiler for 3 to 5 minutes, or until the cheese is melted and begins to brown., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 pounds yellow onions about 6 medium, halved and thinly sliced lengthwise, 8 to 10 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more as necessary, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 cups beef stock or lowsodium beef broth, 2 cups chicken stock or lowsodium chicken broth, 1 12 cups cubed ciabatta bread, 3 cups grated Gruyere cheese], title: French Onion Soup, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 16373: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter and flour 9by12inch baking pan. Line bottom of pan with parchment paper butter and flour paper. Combine chocolate, butter, espresso and salt in top of double boiler over simmering water. Stir until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Cool.nIn large bowl, combine sugar, eggs and 1 teaspoon vanilla and whisk until smooth. Add melted chocolate mixture and whisk until smooth. Gently fold in flour, just until it disappears. Fold in pecans. Pour into prepared pan smooth top.nBake until toothpick inserted into center comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Cool brownies on rack 1 hour.nWhisk Kahlua, vanilla and butter in small bowl until well blended. Add powdered sugar and whisk until smooth icing forms. Spread over brownies and let set at least 1 hour before cutting., ingredients: [5 ounces unsweetened chocolate, coarsely chopped, 1 12 cups unsalted butter, room temperature, 14 cup finely ground espresso beans, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 12 cups sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14 cups all purpose flour, 1 cup pecans, coarsely chopped, 14 cup Kahlua or other coffee liqueur, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup powdered sugar], title: Brownies with Coffee Glaze, picturelink: null}, 16374: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together all the ingredients. Use immediately or store covered and refrigerated for up to 2 days., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt plus more to taste, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon finely chopped onion, 12 cup vegetable oil, like soy, corn, or peanut, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds], title: Poppy Seed Dressing, picturelink: null}, 16375: {instructions: Heat oil in a medium stock pot that all 4 artichokes can sit in and not able to roll over. Add onions and cook until translucent, then add garlic. Reduce heat to medium, to keep garlic from burning. Once garlic and onions are cooked, deglaze pot with white wine. Add the remaining ingredients and mix together.nCut stems off artichokes, leaving 34inch on bottom. If tops of artichoke have big thorns remove with scissors. Add artichokes to stock pot insuring that they do not roll over on their sides.nFill stock pot with water with 2 inches of the artichoke out of the water. Boil the mixture, covered for approximately 20 minutes or until a center leaf is removable by tongs.nWhen done remove, let cool briefly and serve with mayonnaise or aioli of choice., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 red onions, chopped, 3 tablespoons garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup white wine, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 4 fresh artichokes, Serving suggestions: mayonnaise or aioli of choice], title: Guidos Artichoko, picturelink: null}, 16376: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F.nIf using crescent rolls: Unroll dough separate dough into 4 rectangles. Firmly press perforations to seal. On ungreased cookie sheet, press or roll each to form 7 x 5inch rectangle. If using dough sheet: Unroll dough cut into 4 rectangles. On ungreased cookie sheet, press or roll each to form 7 x 5inch rectangle.nPlace one ham slice and one cheese slice on each rectangle. For each rectangle, fold dough in half over filling press edges firmly to seal.nBake 10 to 13 minutes or until golden brown. High Altitude 35006500 ft: Bake 12 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 can 8 oz. Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 1 can 8 oz. Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu2122 refrigerated flaky dough sheet, 4 thin slices cooked ham, 4 thin slices Swiss cheese], title: Ham and Cheese Crescent Sandwiches, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 16377: {instructions: Add the oil to the pan over medium heat and heat for 1 minute before adding the onion. Cook the onion for 2 to 3 minutes until translucent before adding the red pepper. Saute the onion and pepper together for 1 minute, add the mushrooms and then cook together for 2 minutes. Add the peas and tomatoes, season all the vegetables with salt and pepper and continue to cook for 5 minutes.nBreak the eggs into a large bowl and whip together with a whisk until smooth, add the milk and herbs, pour over the vegetables cooking in the pan. Stir for 1 to 2 minutes to blend all of the ingredients thoroughly and begin cooking the eggs. Reduce the heat to low, add the cheese, place a cover on the pan and allow the frittata to cook until the eggs are fully set but not overcooked check to see that the bottom does not burn by gently lifting with a fork.nThe frittata is now cooked completely and the top can be browned under a broiler or the whole frittata may be inverted onto a serving dish so that the nicely browned bottom becomes the top that is seen when served, ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small white onion, diced, about 14 cup, 12 red pepper, diced, 14 cup, 5 cremini mushrooms, quartered, about 12 cup, 12 cup fresh peas, 12 cup chopped plum tomatoes, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 9 large whole eggs, 14 cup milk, 14 cup fresh herbs, chopped flat parsley, tarragon and chives , 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Frittata, picturelink: null}, 16378: {instructions: Place all ingredients, except pepper, in a blender. Puree until smooth. Season, to taste, with pepper. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Sauce may be made up to 1 day in advance., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 6ounce can tuna in olive oil not drained, 1 anchovy fillet, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons drained capers, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Tonnato Sauce, picturelink: wUMjKzeCX9KZxBCUXCO3VL2MMBKN7a}, 16379: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the apple topping: Grease a 12inch Dutch oven or a large, deep baking dish. Add the apples, sugar, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, butter and flour. Mix well then sprinkle with walnuts.nTo make the cake: In a large bowl or mixer, cream together the shortening and brown sugar. Mix in the egg, sour cream and vanilla. Sift the flour, baking soda, nutmeg, cloves, cinnamon and salt together into a bowl. Add the dry ingredients to the shortening mixture and mix thoroughly. Spoon the cake batter over the apple topping then bake until cake is nicely browned, begins to pull from the sides of the pan and a toothpick can be inserted and removed cleanly, about 40 minutes. Let the cake cool for 10 minutes then turn it out onto a large plate. Serve slices of cake warm or at room temperature drizzled with hot caramel sauce, if desired., ingredients: [8 cups peeled and sliced firm, tart apples such as Granny Smith, 1 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 3 tablespoons butter, diced, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 13 cup vegetable shortening, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 egg, well beaten, 1 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, Serving suggestion: warm caramel sauce], title: Apple Cobbler with Spice Cake, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 16380: {instructions: Preheat a baking sheet on the lower rack in a 450 oven. Blanch 1 head chopped broccoli in boiling water with salt and sliced garlic for 1 minute drain. Toss with a splash of olive oil, a handful each of breadcrumbs and parmesan, salt and pepper. Place on the hot baking sheet and top with more cheese and breadcrumbs roast until golden, 15 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Parmesan Broccoli, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 16381: {instructions: 1. Place burgers on baking sheet. Bake at 350 degrees F for 11 minutes. Spread with pasta sauce. Top with cheese. Bake at 350 degrees F for 3 minutes more or until cheese melts.n2. Meanwhile, in large nonstick skillet, cook red pepper, green pepper, onion and Italian seasoning in oil until vegetables are tender.n3. Serve burgers in buns topped with pepper mixture.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9, 2010 Kellogg NA Co. Morningstar Farms Recipes are the property of the Kellogg Company.nThis recipe has been tested and endorsed by Kellogg and Morningstar Farmsu00ae., ingredients: [12 medium red bell pepper, cut into 14inchwide strips, 12 medium green bell pepper, cut into 14inchwide strips, 14 large sweet onion, cut into slivers, 12 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 4 hamburger buns, split and toasted, 4 Tomato  Basil Pizza Burgers or Burgers Zesty Tomato Basil Burger, 14 cup herb pasta sauce, 4 thin slices provolone cheese about 3 oz. total], title: Italian Burgers, picturelink: BAL1.2XJjeB9HHcBpjqMIg45VDjhIjm}, 16382: {instructions: Bring chicken stock to boil in deep skillet. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Add to broth. Cover and cook until chicken is opaque in center, about 8 minutes. Transfer chicken to work surface reserve stock. Cool chicken. Shred.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add 1 chopped onion. Saute until soft. Add garlic and saute until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add salsa and reserved stock. Simmer 10 minutes.nPour 1 cup vegetable oil into large skillet. Heat over medium heat. When hot, fry tortillas in batches until golden brown and crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer tortillas to paper towels and drain.nAdd shredded chicken to salsa pot. Bring to boil. Add cilantro. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Stir in fried tortilla chips. Ladle into bowls. Sprinkle with cheese and finely chopped onion. Place dollop of crema in center and serve.nPlace tomatillos, jalapenos and water in blender. Coarsely chop. Add onion, cilantro and salt. Puree until smooth, about 2 minutes. Transfer to medium saucepan. Simmer until reduced to 2 cups, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 cups chicken stock, 1 pound skinless boneless chicken breasts, 2 tablespoons plus 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 onion, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 cups Tomatillo Salsa see recipe, 10 small corn tortillas, cut into 12 inch wide strips, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 14 cup grated Cotija cheese, 14 cup finely diced onion, 12 cup crema, 1 pound fresh tomatillos, husked, cut into quarters, 3 large jalapeno chilies, stemmed, seeded optional, chopped, 12 cup cold water, 12 medium onion, cut in half, 2 bunches fresh cilantro, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Green Chicken Chilaquiles Stew, picturelink: null}, 16383: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a heavybottom medium saucepan over low heat. Once melted, pour into the bowl of a stand mixer.nIn a medium bowl, sift together the rice flour, cornstarch, tapioca flour, xantham gum, salt and baking soda. Set aside.nAdd both of the sugars to the bowl with the butter and using the paddle attachment, cream together on medium speed for 1 minute. Add the whole egg, egg yolk, milk and vanilla extract and mix until well combined. Slowly incorporate the flour mixture until thoroughly combined. Add the chocolate chips and stir to combine.nChill the dough in the refrigerator until firm, approximately 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nShape the dough into 2ounce balls and place on parchmentlined baking sheets, 6 cookies per sheet. Bake for 14 minutes, rotating the pans after 7 minutes for even baking. Remove from the oven and cool the cookies on the pans for 2 minutes. Move the cookies to a wire rack and cool completely. Store cooked cookies in an airtight container., ingredients: [8 ounces unsalted butter, 11 ounces brown rice flour, approximately 2 cups, 1 14 ounces cornstarch, approximately 14 cup, 12ounce tapioca flour, approximately 2 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon xanthan gum, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 ounces sugar, approximately 14 cup, 10 ounces light brown sugar, approximately 1 14 cups, 1 whole egg, 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips], title: The Chewy Gluten Free, picturelink: TYieKSnuWV9BldukNDkO31G0gW0Kwoi}, 16384: {instructions: Combine white chocolate and peanut butter together in a mixing bowl and blend together. Then add chilled whipping cream and continue blending at high speed until smooth consistency is achieved. Pour mix into a suitable container and place in the refrigerator for 24 hours to allow mixture to set.nUsing a melon baler or 70 scoop, form the mixture into balls. Place balls in the refrigerator so they can firm up.nMelt the dark chocolate in a double boiler and then gently dip each ball so that its fully coated. Decorate with crushed peanuts. Keep truffles in the refrigerator until serving.nNote: This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 pounds white chocolate, chopped, 2 cups peanut butter, 2 cups whipping cream, scalded then chilled, 1 pound dark bittersweet chocolate, chopped, Crushed peanuts, for decoration], title: Peanut Butter Truffles, picturelink: null}, 16385: {instructions: Roast the whole poblano chiles over a gas stove burner or under the oven broiler until their skins blister. Remove immediately to avoid burning. Put the chiles in a plastic bag for approximately 30 minutes, then carefully peel skins off. Set chiles aside. Optional: You may wish to make a slit in 1 side of each chile and carefully remove the seeds, leaving the stem intact.nWash and dice the mushrooms. Stem, seed and dice the bell peppers. Saute the bell peppers in hot olive oil for approximately 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook over low heat for approximately 15 more minutes. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste.nWith a sharp knife make a small opening in the side of each poblano chile and stuff it with the wild mushroom mixture. Pour some heated sauce on each plate and place a stuffed chile in the center.nFinely chop the shallots. In a stainless steel or copper saucepan combine the shallots, wine, and vinegar and reduce over low heat until nearly dry, about 10 minutes. Whisk in lemon juice, then whisk in softened butter, 1 cube at a time. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and bring to a quick boil, whisking constantly. Stir in minced cilantro last.nVariation: Omit the cilantro from the sauce and instead add 4 threads of saffron to the shallots, wine, and vinegar before reducing., ingredients: [4 poblano chiles, 1 pound fresh wild mushrooms shiitake or oyster, 1 small red bell pepper, 1 small green bell pepper, 1 small yellow bell pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cilantro Sauce, recipe follows, 2 shallots, 1 cup dry white wine, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 pound unsalted butter, cut into about 1inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro leaves], title: Stuffed Chiles with Wild Mushrooms and Cilantro Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16386: {instructions: Arrange the radish slices on the buttered toast. Season with salt and pepper. Cut into smaller pieces if desired., ingredients: [4 slices buttered toast, Radishes, very thinly sliced, Salt and pepper, for sprinkling], title: Radish Toasts, picturelink: null}, 16387: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray bottom only of 9x5inch loaf pan with cooking spray.nIn medium bowl, stir muffin mix, water, oil and eggs just until blended batter may be lumpy. Gently stir in blueberries. Spread in pan. Sprinkle sugar crystals over batter.nBake 50 to 60 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 15 minutes. Remove from pan to cooling rack. Cool completely, about 1 hour. Wrap tightly and store in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 box 15.3 oz Betty Crocker Fiber One banana nut muffin mix, 2 cups water, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 eggs, 1 cup fresh blueberries, 1 tablespoon decorator sugar crystals], title: Blueberry Banana Bread, picturelink: n8p6E8C1IMx8cBzoxgyWfDQj3oAyb2}, 16388: {instructions: Toss the carrots, leeks, potatoes and fennel with the olive oil in a 6 to 8quart slow cooker. Add 5 cups water, the tomatoes, parmesan rind, 2 tablespoons pesto, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cover and cook on high until the vegetables are tender, 7 to 8 hours.nUncover and stir in the beans and ditalini. Cover and continue cooking on high until the pasta is al dente, about 15 minutes. Remove the parmesan rind. Stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon pesto and season with salt and pepper. Top each serving with more pesto, the parmesan and fennel fronds. Serve with the focaccia.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 carrots, chopped, 2 leeks white and light green parts, halved lengthwise, sliced and rinsed, 2 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 bulb fennel, trimmed, cored and chopped, plus chopped fronds for topping, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 15ounce can petite diced tomatoes, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus 1 small parmesan rind, 3 tablespoons pesto, plus more for topping, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 15ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup ditalini pasta, 4 slices rosemary focaccia bread], title: SlowCooker Pesto Minestrone, picturelink: MyoHu1aps9pKFndP6r3ZbfnKJ6iyzd2}, 16389: {instructions: Special equipment: food processornIn a food processor, combine the beans, parsley, olive oil, lemon juice, curry powder, cumin, salt, cayenne pepper, garlic and lemon zest. Blend until smooth. Season with salt. Pour the dip into a serving bowl and serve with Whole Wheat Pita Chips alongside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut each pita bread into 8 wedges. Arrange on a baking sheet and drizzle with the olive oil. Sprinkle with the salt and pepper and bake until crisp and golden, 12 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [One 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 1 packed cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, coarsely chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Madras curry powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 clove garlic, peeled and halved, Zest of 12 large lemon, Whole Wheat Pita Chips, recipe follows, 4 whole wheat pita breads, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Curried White Bean Dip, picturelink: .VQgCkKkQUQ4McB8svKzshkvRLbRbSm}, 16390: {instructions: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt and the baking powder in a food processor. Add the shortening and 4 tablespoons butter pulse until peasize pieces form. Add the lemon juice and 5 tablespoons ice water pulse to combine. Gradually pulse in 1 more tablespoon water until the dough clumps together. Turn out onto a sheet of plastic wrap shape into a disk. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.nCombine the dried fruit, the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and 13 cup water in a microwavesafe bowl. Cover and microwave until softened, about 3 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes, then transfer the fruit and liquid to a food processor. Add the honey, cinnamon and a pinch of salt pulse to make a paste.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Roll out the dough on a floured surface until 18 inch thick. Cut out circles with a 3inch cookie cutter. Reroll the scraps and cut out more circles.nSpoon 1 teaspoon filling onto each circle brush the edges with the beaten egg. Fold the dough over the filling and press the edges to seal transfer to the baking sheets. Brush with more beaten egg and sprinkle with coarse sugar cut slits in the tops. Chill until firm, 15 minutes.nBake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are golden brown, 25 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, plus a pinch, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 cup cold vegetable shortening, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Heaping 34 cup assorted dried fruit apples, apricots and cherries, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Coarse sugar, for sprinkling], title: Finnish Crescents, picturelink: x11QVucEiQOKQw8atjGsk68elGxe}, 16391: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a drizzle of olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat and add the turkey bacon. Cook until crisp, 3 minutes on each side, remove to plate.nWhile the bacon cooks, combine the turkey breast, green onions, cilantro, chipotle, paprika, salt and pepper, lime zest and juice. Mix the turkey breast with seasonings and form 4 sections, from each, 2 patties. Place the first 4 patties in the pan cook 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove from the skillet and place onto a plate and loosely cover with foil to keep warmnWhile the first batch of burgers cook heat 1 tablespoon oil in a sauce pot over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and soften 3 to 4 minutes, season with salt and pepper and then add Worcestershire, brown sugar, tomatoes, and mustard. Let the sauce cook on low.nAdd the second batch of burgers to the skillet and cook 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Top with a slice of cheese and 2 pieces bacon. Tent skillet with foil and cook on low to moderate heat to melt cheese, about 1 minute.nPlace burgers on muffin bottoms. Top with bacon double cheese burgers, fire roasted tomato sauce and English muffin top., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling plus 1 tablespoon, 8 slices turkey bacon, 2 12 pounds ground turkey breast, 2 green onions, finely chopped, A handful cilantro, leaves finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chipotle chili powder, 1 12 teaspoons smoked sweet paprika, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons zest and the juice of 2 limes, 1 red onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 15ounce can fireroasted diced tomatoes, lightly drained, 2 rounded tablespoon grainy mustard, 8 slices pepper jack cheese, from the deli counter, 4 large sandwich size English muffins, lightly toasted], title: Turkey Bacon Double Cheese Burgers with Fire Roasted Tomato Sauce, picturelink: ZWIoAX.Gb9wpQkZYZG5c7g59DCMMpK}, 16392: {instructions: Top 2 scoops of coffee ice cream with chopped salted mixed nuts. Drizzle nuts and ice cream with warm maple syrup. Garnish desserts with rolled wafer cookies and serve., ingredients: [2 pints coffee ice cream, 1 cup salted mixed nuts, coarsely chopped or processed, 12 cup medium to dark amber maple syrup, warmed, Rolled wafer cookies, for garnish], title: Maple Nut Coffee Ice Cream Dessert, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 16393: {instructions: For the Orange Cognac Sauce: In a medium saucepan over high heat combine the orange juice, sugar, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil then reduce heat until nearly evaporated. Add the stock, heavy cream, and cognac. Boil for minute, remove from the heat, and set aside.nFor the Lobster Vol au Vent: Preheat a saucepan over high heat until very hot. Add the olive oil, then the lobster meat, mushrooms, shallots, tarragon, and white pepper, to taste, while stirring to combine ingredients. Add 12 cup of the Orange Cognac Sauce and bring to a boil for 1 minute. Reduce to a simmer.nSpoon reduced mixture into prepared shells, drizzle with remaining orange cognac sauce, and garnish with parsley leaves., ingredients: [1 cup fresh squeezed orange juice, 1 tablespoon sugar, Salt and pepper, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons cognac, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces lobster meat, diced, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, diced, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, White pepper, 4 prepared Vol au Vent shells puff pastry shells, available frozen in most supermarkets, Fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Lobster Vol au Vent with Orange Cognac Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16394: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pork: Place the pork in a Dutch oven with just enough water to cover and sprinkle with salt. Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat and simmer, 20 to 30 minutes. Place the dried chiles in a small pot with 1 12 cups of the pork cooking water and simmer until softened, 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a food processor and puree with the honey, marjoram, cinnamon, cloves, some black pepper, garlic, orange zest and juice and onions. Add the puree to the Dutch oven with the pork and simmer 20 minutes. Remove and shred or chop the pork. Continue cooking the sauce until thickened to desired consistency, and then return the pork to the pot. Keep warm over low heat until ready to serve. For the toppings and sides: Boil the chicken stock with the butter, and then stir in the rice. Sprinkle with salt, if using water. Cover, reduce the heat and cook 15 minutes. Stir in the peas, and cook 2 to 3 minutes longer. Turn off the heat and fluff with a fork. Meanwhile, heat the black beans and season with salt, black pepper and cumin. Char the tortillas in a dry skillet. Serve the pork with the sauce and tortillas, for wrapping. Serve the beans in small cups or atop the pork, with the rice, peas and Pickled Onions alongside. Garnish with cilantro leaves. Cooks Note: Cool and cover for a makeahead meal. Bring to room temperature before reheating over medium heat.nBring the vinegar, salt, sugar and 1 cup water to boil. Place the onions, layered with the coriander, bay leaves and chiles, in a small container, and pour the hot vinegar on top. Allow to cool, then cover and chill at least 2 hours and up to 2 days before using., ingredients: [1 12 pounds pork shoulder, Kosher salt, 4 dried guajillo chilies or other mediumheat dried red chiles, stemmed and seeded, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon dried marjoram or Mexican oregano, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch ground cloves, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, 2 organic or blood oranges, zested and juiced, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 14 cups chicken stock or water, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 14 cups white longgrain rice, Kosher salt, 12 cup frozen green peas, thawed, Two 14ounce cans black beans, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Corn tortillas, for serving, Pickled Onions, for serving, recipe follows, Cilantro leaves, for garnish, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 red onion, sliced into rings, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 2 bay leaves, 1 fresh chile pepper, Fresno or jalapeno, sliced], title: Pork with Chiles and Orange Sauce, picturelink: IxzoXIF8rsKoD6W0ByWan2nXKofvr2}, 16395: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSoften the butter. In a mixing bowl, cream the sugar and butter and add the egg, lemon zest and vanilla. Beat until blended. Whisk together the flour and salt and gradually add them to the creamed mixture, on low speed. Add some water, a few drops at a time, until the dough starts to come away from the side of the bowl.nRoll out dough to 18inch thickness on a lightly floured surface. Cut out chile pepper shapes, using a cookie cutter or freehand. Transfer shapes to greased or nonstick cookie sheets.nUsing a few drops of food coloring at a time, color the egg yolk in each cup, as desired. Using a small, clean paint brush, paint the chile pepper red and its stem green.nBake 8 to 12 minutes or until the cookies begin to brown around the edges. Dust with red or green sprinkles if desired., ingredients: [12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large egg yolks, lightly beaten and separated in equal portions into 2 or more bowls or cups, food coloring], title: Chile Pepper Christmas Cookies, picturelink: AwvOw61aT0QiZFPwigmQxxUr7l7rW2i}, 16396: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pitas on a baking sheet and bake until crisp and golden, about 10 minutes. Set aside.nMeanwhile, preheat a grill to medium high. Combine the ground beef, grated red onion, 1 tablespoon each olive oil and harissa, and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a large bowl. Mix with your hands until just combined. Form into four 1inchthick patties set aside.nWhisk the lemon juice with the remaining 1 tablespoon harissa in another large bowl. Gradually whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the tomatoes, cucumbers, herbs and sliced red onion toss to coat. Set aside.nBrush the grill grates with oil. Grill the burgers about 4 minutes per side for medium rare. Add the lettuce and pita wedges to the salad bowl toss. Top each serving of salad with the feta and burgers.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [2 6inch pitas, split and quartered, 1 pound lean ground beef sirloin, 1 red onion 12 grated, 12 sliced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the grill, 2 tablespoons harissa chile paste, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Juice of 12 lemon, 2 beefsteak or heirloom tomatoes about 1 pound, cut into 1inch wedges, 2 Persian cucumbers, sliced 12 inch thick, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro or mint or a combination, 1 small heart romaine lettuce, torn, 13 cup crumbled feta cheese about 2 ounces], title: Moroccan Burger Salad, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 16397: {instructions: Combine all the dry ingredients and mix together. Generously sprinkle the mixture onto the tritip or chicken and let it sit, covered, overnight in the refrigerator.nJust before grilling, rub the mixture a second time all over the tritip or chicken, making sure all sides are coated with the seasoning. Grill the tritip until the internal temperature reaches 130 degrees F, or the chicken reaches 160 degrees F. Let the tritip or chicken rest at least 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [12 cup seasoned salt, 2 tablespoons salt, 12 teaspoon dried whole thyme, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 pound beef tritip, or 6 skinless chicken breasts], title: Dry Rubbed BBQ Beef Brisket or Chicken, picturelink: 6G1wANIOWcdIVM6oCE86HbqqZguLa}, 16398: {instructions: Mix strawberries with 3 tablespoons sugar and refrigerate while juices develop, at least 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, remaining 2 tablespoons sugar, and salt in a medium bowl. Add heavy cream and mix until just combined. Place mixture in an ungreased 8inch square pan and bake until golden, 18 to 20 minutes.nRemove shortcake from pan and place on a rack to cool slightly. Cut into 6 pieces and split each piece in half horizontally.nSpoon some of the strawberries with their juice onto each shortcake bottom. Top with a generous dollop of whipped cream and then the shortcake top. Spoon more strawberries over the top and serve.nUsing a mixer, beat the heavy cream, sugar, vanilla, and lemon zest until soft peaks form, about 1 12 to 2 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds strawberries, stemmed and quartered, 5 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 2 tablespoons sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups heavy cream, Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 1 12 cups heavy cream, chilled, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest], title: Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: npJeroe9MlQwfSjPnYrMlvWSHbxcrBS}, 16399: {instructions: Special equipment: ToothpicksnSlice into the pork chops horizontally, but not all the way through. Youre essentially butterflying the pork chops and giving them a little pouch. Set aside.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, heat up 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add the garlic and onion and saute until fragrant and softened, about 3 minutes. Add the apple, carrots and celery and cook until softened, 7 to 10 minutes.nAdd in the cornbread, chicken broth and sage leaves, and stir to incorporate. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Remove the skillet from the heat and let the filling cool for 10 minutes.nCarefully spoon the filling into the pork chops. If they become full and you can no longer stuff anymore, thats oksave the filling to eat on the side. Use toothpicks to secure the chops shut. If the toothpicks poke out, use scissors to trim them flush to the pork chops.nIn the same skillet you used earlier, heat up the remaining tablespoon olive oil. Sear the pork chops, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Turn the heat down to medium and continue cooking, flipping occasionally, until the pork chops have cooked through completely, 15 to 20 minutes. Serve warm with the additional cornbread stuffing, ingredients: [2 boneless pork chops 1 pound total, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 garlic clove, minced, 12 onion, diced, 12 cup chopped green apple, such as Granny Smith, 12 cup diced carrots, 12 cup diced celery, 1 cup crumbled cornbread, 14 cup chicken broth or stock, 4 sage leaves, coarsely chopped, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Apple Sage CornbreadStuffed Pork Chops for Two, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 16400: {instructions: Preheat a grill to high heat.nLightly grease the cut sides of the grapefruits and leek with nonstick cooking spray. Grill them both, cutside down, until they are charred and the leeks are tender, about 2 minutes for the grapefruit and 3 minutes for the leeks. Let cool slightly.nJuice the grapefruit into a large mixing bowl you should have about 12 cup juice. Chop the leeks and add them to the bowl with the grapefruit juice. Add the olive oil, honey and some salt and pepper to the bowl and whisk to combine. Reserve.nLightly grease the cut sides of the romaine with nonstick cooking spray. Grill the lettuce, cutside down, until aromatic and charred, about 30 seconds. Transfer the lettuce to serving plates. Drizzle it with the prepared dressing and garnish with almonds and shaved cheese. Serve immediately.nServing Suggestion: Because my husband is one of those this is good, but Im still hungry kind of people, I added some grilled chicken alongside. Do as you please  this would be perfect with a fillet of salmon, pork chop or all on its own., ingredients: [1 large or 2 small ruby red grapefruits, halved, 1 small leek, split lengthwise and rinsed, Nonstick cooking spray, 3 tablespoons highquality extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon honey, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, to taste, 2 large heads romaine, split lengthwise, 14 cup toasted almonds, coarsely chopped, 14 cup shaved manchego cheese from about a 1ounce chunk], title: Grilled Romaine with Charred Grapefruit Dressing, picturelink: null}, 16401: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large pan over medium heat and add the oil. Saute the green, red and yellow bell peppers until tender and transfer to a large bowl. Saute the onions until translucent and add to the bowl. Add the potatoes, garlic, nutmeg, salt and pepper and set aside to cool. Add the corned beef and green onions and mix well.nFor each serving, heat 1 teaspoon oil in a 6inch nonstick pan. Add about 1 cup of the hash mixture and cook until brown and crisp, about 5 minutes. Flip and cook the other side until browned, another 5 minutes. Serve with two fried or poached eggs on top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, diced, 8 ounces diced onions, 2 pounds sliced cooked red potatoes, 2 ounces roasted garlic, mashed, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 2 pounds thinly sliced corned beef, 1 bunch green onions, chopped, Neutral oil, for frying, Fried or poached eggs, for serving], title: Corned Beef Hash, picturelink: ezuQo7W7oVHOfldTtYsDWgySp8fMIra}, 16402: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn deep nongreased baking pan, add the thawed meatballs. Top the meatballs with the pineapple chunks. In a medium bowl add the mustard, red and green onion, and garlic. Mix well. Top the meatballs and pineapple with the mustard sauce. Add the Sweet and Sour Sauce and season with black pepper.nBake for 30 minutes. Remove from the oven add the remaining pineapple juice, stir to combine, and place back in the oven for the remaining 30 minutes. Serve while hot.nIn a saucepot, mix all ingredients together. Cook on high heat. Keep your eye on it. Do not walk away. Cook for 2 minutes and stir. After 3 to 4 minutes, take it off the heat and mix for 2 minutes. Use it same day or keep in the refrigerator for about 2 to 3 weeks at the maximum., ingredients: [1 pound cooked and frozen meatballs, thawed, Two 8ounce cans pineapple chunks, drained, juice reserved, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 1 diced red or white onion, 12 cup chopped green onion, 6 cloves chopped garlic, Sweet and Sour Sauce, recipe follows, Coarse black pepper, 4 cups ketchup, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup white vinegar, Black pepper about 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons pineapple juice], title: Shanes Sweet and Sour Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 16403: {instructions: For the lemon sauce: In a saucepan, whisk together the cornstarch with the water. Stir in the sugar and a pinch of salt until well mixed. Add the shallots and stir in the lemon zest and juice. Bring to a simmer over low heat and cook until thickened, about 1 minute. Stir in the honey. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.nFor the potatoes: Place the potatoes in a saucepan of salted cold water and bring to a boil. Boil the potatoes until a fork goes in easily, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain and return the potatoes to the pan.nMash the potatoes with the butter and cream. Season with salt and white pepper, to taste. Cover and keep warm.nFor the salad: Bring a saucepan of salted cold water to a boil. Blanch the haricot verts until just tender and still bright green. Drain well.nWhisk together the vinegar, Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, and a pinch of pepper. While whisking, slowly drizzle in the olive oil. Taste and season, if needed.nToss the haricot verts with the vinaigrette and remaining salad ingredients to coat well. Taste and season with salt, if needed. Set aside.nFor the veal: Pound the cutlets into thin, even pieces between 2 sheets of plastic. Place the flour in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Dredge the veal in the seasoned flour.nHeat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 tablespoons butter and 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil to the hot pan.nSaute the veal until golden brown on both sides, about 2 minutes per side. Cook in batches, adding more butter and oil, if needed. Transfer each cooked cutlet to a plate lined with paper towels. Season each piece with salt.nFor serving: Spoon some of the mashed potatoes into middle of the plates, top each with a veal cutlet, and arrange some of the salad on the side of the veal. Spoon a small amount of lemon sauce on each piece of veal., ingredients: [1 tablespoon cornstarch, 14 cup water, 12 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 12 pounds red bliss potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, Salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter 34 of a stick, cut into pieces, 12 cup heavy cream, Freshly ground white pepper, Salt, 1 pound haricot verts, ends trimmed, 3 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup nicoise olives, 1 pint grape tomatoes, 14 cup minced fresh parsley, 4 veal cutlets, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for cooking, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, plus more for cooking], title: Veal Paillard with Lemon Sauce, Haricot Verts Salad, and Mashed Red Potatoes, picturelink: PlEpxGt4Z8H.CPK8zwFhZCMm85L3Ne}, 16404: {instructions: Put the cream cheese, sundried tomatoes and basil in a food processor. Process until smooth and the ingredients are evenly incorporated. Season to taste and pulse 3 times to mix evenly. Serve with toasted bagels. Can be made 1 day ahead., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup sundried tomatoes in olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Thai basil you can use fresh sweet basil if you do not have Thai available, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Toasted bagels, for serving], title: TomatoBasil Cream Cheese Spread, picturelink: FnI7GVJAi6LTQoz64C71xf8AqW2HdC}, 16405: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPierce the skin of the sweet potatoes all over with a fork, spray with cooking spray and place in a 9by13inch baking dish. Bake the sweet potatoes until tender, about 1 hour.nCool the sweet potatoes enough to handle, and then cut each in half the long way and scoop out the flesh, leaving 18inch of flesh around the skin. Reserve the skins for a later use.nIn a medium bowl, add the sweet potato flesh, mascarpone, brown sugar, cinnamon, cardamom and vanilla seeds. Using an electric hand mixer or the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, smash until combined. Spoon the mixture into the sweet potato skins. Top each potato skin with three Modjeska halves, caramelside down. Alternatively, place 4 caramel halves topped with 3 marshmallow halves on each potato skin.nReturn the sweet potatoes to the baking dish and bake until the centers are warm and the Modjeskas start to melt, about 15 minutes. Turn on the broiler and cook until dark brown and bubbly, 1 to 2 minutes. Sprinkle the tops with sea salt to serve., ingredients: [4 medium sweet potatoes 9 to 10 ounces each, Coconut oil cooking spray, 12 cup mascarpone, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 12 Modjeskas, halved or 12 marshmallows and 16 soft caramels, each halved, Sea salt], title: Twice Baked Sweet Potatoes with Sea Salt Marshmallow Caramels, picturelink: AewrBRFRN9YDfpWUfvxXzWpZ6aChnK}, 16406: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F and bake fries 20 minutes, or according to package directions, turning once.nHeat skillet or grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nSeason the fish with salt and pepper and coat with about 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil.nToast rolls on grill or heat broiler and set them in the middle of the oven to brown, then reserve.nCombine mayonnaise with grated garlic, capers, olives, parsley.nCombine ketchup with Worcestershire, hot sauce, horseradish and lots of black pepper.nCook fish 3 to 4 minutes on each side until firm, opaque and cooked through. Squeeze lemon over cooked fish.nRemove fries from oven and season with celery salt and pepper.nPlace fish on rolls with lettuce, red onion and tartar sauce. Serve fries alongside with bloody ketchup.nIn a large bowl, combine the fennel, fennel tops and red cabbage. In a separate small bowl, combine the honey, cider vinegar, grill seasoning, poppy seeds, and sesame seeds. Slowly whisk in the olive oil. Pour the dressing over the salad and toss together., ingredients: [1 pound storebought waffle fries, 4 6ounce fillets white fish, such as halibut, skinless, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 crusty rolls, split, 34 cup mayonnaise, 1 clove garlic, grated, 3 tablespoons capers, 14 cup pitted chopped green olives, Handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 1 cup ketchup, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 or 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, your preference, 1 lemon, Celery salt, to season fries, 12 red onion, very thinly sliced, 8 green or red leaf lettuce leaves, Slaw Salad, recipe follows, 1 bulb fennel with tops, thinly sliced plus 14 cup fennel tops, 12 head red cabbage, shredded, 14 cup honey, 14 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning recommended: McCormicks, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 1 12 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Grilled Fish Sammies with Garlic Tartar Sauce and Baked Waffle Fries with Spicy Bloody Ketchup and a Slaw Salad, picturelink: 2UG162mHa6JwhSmzhJj7lA9dInC5YC}, 16407: {instructions: Roasted Pineapple:nMelt the butter in a large saucepan and add the seeded vanilla bean. Add the granulated and the light brown sugar, stirring continuously. Add the diced pineapple. Cook the mixture until the pineapple is translucent, about 10 to 20 minutes.nLemongrass Pastry Cream:nPour the milk in a large pot on high heat. Clean and slice the lemongrass and add to the milk and bring to a boil. Turn off heat. Let steep for 1 hour. Add seeded vanilla bean. Bring to a boil again. Take out the vanilla bean and strain the mixture through a sieve into a mixing bowl. Combine sugar, pastry flour and yolks and temper by adding in the hot liquid slowly. This mixture will form a stiff pastry cream. Whisk rapidly over low flame for 1 minute. Put mixture in a blender. Blend out lumps.nItalian Meringue:nHeat the sugar 123 degrees C to softball stage. Whip egg whites until stiff peaks form and then pour in the hot sugar. Continue whipping the mixture together until stiff peaks form. Fold the Italian Meringue into the lemongrass pastry cream. Pipe the mixture into round flexible molds. Freeze the molds overnight. Take the molds out of the freezer 3 hours before serving. Once the cream begins to thaw, turn the mold upside down and remove the formed cream onto the center of a plate.nGarnish the plate with the roasted pineapple mixture. For added presentation, sprinkle sugar on top and torch., ingredients: [1 12 ounces butter, 1 vanilla bean, seeded, 1ounce sugar granulated, 1 ounces light brown sugar, 1medium pineapple, diced, 2 cups milk, 2 12 stalks lemongrass, 1 vanilla bean, seeded, 1ounce sugar, 1 12 ounces pastry flour, 6 egg yolks, 7 ounces sugar, 6 egg whites, 1 Recipe Lemongrass Pastry Cream], title: Roasted Pineapple with Lemongrass Chiboost, picturelink: null}, 16408: {instructions: For the crust: Lightly brush a 9 by 13inch baking pan with butter. Beat the butter and granulated sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Whisk the flour, cornstarch and salt together in a medium bowl. Slowly add the dry ingredients to the butter and mix just until combined. Evenly press the dough into the prepared pan. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Pierce the dough all over with a fork. Bake until golden, about 30 minutes. Cool.nFor the filling: Whisk the sweetened condensed milk, granulated sugar, flour, salt, eggs and yolks in a large bowl until thick and light. Lightly whisk in the citrus juices. Pour the filling into the crust. Bake until set but still loose in the center, about 25 minutes. Cool to room temperature, and then refrigerate at least 1 hour.nCut into 2inch squares and just before serving, dust generously with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, Crust:, 1 12 sticks 6 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 13 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, Filling:, 12 cup sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch fine salt, 2 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice about 7 lemons, 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Lemon Squares, picturelink: gW7hyppUnfHOFnEskUtLDSm0UFOC0jS}, 16409: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nCut the thickest stems off the greens and rinse the leaves well in the sink using lots of fresh water.nAdd the spinach in the water and blanch them, stirring continuously for about 1 minute, then strain them and rinse immediately with cold water so they stop cooking.nWhen the greens are cool enough to handle, squeeze all the water out of them and lay them on a cutting board where youll randomly chop them in big sections.nIn a large pan, over a mediumhigh heat, quickly saute the garlic in a couple of tablespoons olive oil, then add the greens. Quickly toss around the greens, adding a sprinkle more olive oil, if needed.nSeason with salt and pepper to taste, and serve it up You want to preserve the crunchy bite of the fresh vegetable., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 3 large bunches spinach, washed and trimmed, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, for sauteing and serving, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Garlic Sauteed Spinach, picturelink: null}, 16410: {instructions: Begin the sauce before cooking the fish. In a saucepan over medium heat, place all of the sauce ingredients except the cream and butter. Simmer until 13 cup liquid remains.nBegin the fish. In a large saute pan over medium to high heat, heat the olive oil. Season the fish with salt and pepper. Add the fish to the hot oil and saute both sides for 3 to 4 minutes, or until golden. Remove the cooked fish steaks when the center bone pulls out easily with tongs, and keep warm.nMeanwhile, add the cream to the sauce and reduce over low heat for 2 minutes. Swirl in the cold butter off of the heat.nAdd the tomatoes to the still hot fish pan at the same time and saute for 2 minutes before adding garlic, cilantro, and wine. Cook 1 minute. Add the avocado. Serve by placing the fish on the bed of tomato and avocado. Strain the butter sauce through a fine mesh strainer. Drizzle sauce all around., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 peeled and sliced shallots, 3 crushed garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons toasted coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon cumin seed, 1 teaspoon dry red pepper flakes, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 stick 4 tablespoons butter, very cold and cut in pieces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds tilefish steaks, cut 12 to 34inch thick, Salt and pepper, 2 large fresh beefsteak tomatoes, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 clove finely chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 14 cup white wine, 1 avocado, peeled, pitted and diced], title: Floribbean Style Tilefish Pan Fried with Limes, Chilies, Tomato and Avocado, picturelink: null}, 16411: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the melon in the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. Add the lemon juice, vodka, and sugar and process for another 30 seconds. Place the mixture into the refrigerator until the mixture reaches 40 degrees F depending on the temperature of your ingredients and refrigerator, this could take 30 minutes to 1 hour.nPour the chilled mixture into the bowl of an ice cream maker and process according to manufacturers directions. Transfer the sorbet to an airtight container and place in the freezer for 3 to 4 hours before serving., ingredients: [1 pound, 5 ounces diced watermelon, muskmelon or honeydew, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons vodka, 9 ounces sugar, approximately 1 14 cups], title: Melon Sorbet, picturelink: rpze8kq1DBmc8HiSQc0sRU0EbDm8G}, 16412: {instructions: Soak the wheat berries overnight in enough water to cover by 1 inch. Drain. Combine the wheat berries with 1 34 cups water in a small saucepan bring to a boil, adjust heat to mediumlow, cover, and simmer until the wheat berries are tender but still toothsome, about 50 minutes. Let sit, covered, for 10 minutes. Drain off any excess water. Wheat berries can be cooked and refrigerated up to 3 days in advance.nHeat the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring frequently, until deep golden brown, about 8 minutes. Add the curry powder and cayenne and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the rice and 12 teaspoon salt and stir to coat. Pour in 1 cup water and the coconut milk bring to a boil, lower heat to medium low, cover and simmer until most of the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Uncover and add the cooked wheat berries and raisins no need to stir. Cover again and let sit off the heat for 10 minutes.nStir in the cilantro, lemon juice and cashews. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 cup wheat berries, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon mild curry powder, Pinch cayenne pepper, 12 cup basmati rice, rinsed, Kosher salt, 12 cup lite reducedfat coconut milk, 2 tablespoons raisins or currants, 12 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves, Juice of 12 lemon, 2 tablespoons salted and roasted cashews, chopped], title: CoconutCurry Wheat Berries and Rice, picturelink: Mrm33PLXznSR10PrceXJWCl.tbbg6zG}, 16413: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat oil and butter over high heat. Add zucchini, squash and onion. Cook until softened and golden, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and mix in chives. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 pound zucchini, cubed, 12 pound yellow squash, cubed, 12 red onion, diced, 14 cup chives, cut into 12inch pieces, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Zucchini Hash, picturelink: .xpkfJRzhjjuqG3eyNdw5YDdKVvF1yy}, 16414: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLet cut ginger sit for 2 to 3 hours. The longer it sits the stronger it becomes. Boil ginger in two quarts of water. Once water is boiling, add sorrel and cloves. Boil for 30 minutes. Strain and add sugar and wine to taste. Chill and serve., ingredients: [5 to 6 1inch slices ginger, 1 cup dried sorrel leaves, 1 tablespoon cloves, Brown sugar, Red wine sherry, optional], title: Sorrel Drink, picturelink: 38yYOaQBKTWq821tdLWNMoBM047WOMK}, 16415: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut diced potatoes into a pot and fill with cold water water should just cover the potatoes. Put pot on stove on medium flame and add salt. When water comes to a boil, and the potatoes are cooked, drain the potatoes and spread out on a side towel to dry.nWhile potatoes are doing their thing, add bacon to a large saute pan and cook over a lowmedium flame. When the bacon is cooked remove with a slotted spoon and drain the bacon fat, reserving some if you want to add it later. Wipe out the pan with a wad of paper towels and crank up the heat, add a decent amount of a neutral oil, like canola, and heat it until you get some smoke.nOnce the oil is hot, carefully add the potatoes and shake the pan a couple of times to make sure nothing sticks. Lower the heat a little and let the potatoes brown. Season with salt and pepper.nAfter a few minutes, shake the pan and get the other sides going. When the potatoes are almost completely cooked, add the red onion and let everything cook together. Once the onions are caramelized, add the capers, red wine vinegar and deglaze. When the vinegar is mostly evaporated, add the extravirgin olive oil, mustard and bacon and reserved bacon fat if you want, reseason with lots of cracked black pepper. Serve warm., ingredients: [6 Yukon gold potatoes, medium size, cut into large dice, 8 ounces thick sliced bacon, cut into pieces, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 red onion, diced, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Fried German Potato Salad, picturelink: ILO.gQWwHAbRhYYY2U08fVhZjeFC2JG}, 16416: {instructions: Roasted Garlic Oil:nPlace oil and garlic in a blender and blend until smooth. Strain.nFlatbread:nMix water and yeast in a large bowl and let stand 5 minutes to proof. Gradually pour in 2 cups of the flour and stir to incorporate. Mix for about 1 minute to form a sponge. Let stand, covered, for at least an hour.nPut sponge in the bowl of a stand mixer. Using the dough hook, add the salt and oil, then add the flour, 12 cup at a time, to form a dough. Remove from bowl and knead. Place in a clean oiled bowl and let rise, slowly, about 2 12 hours. Divide dough into 4 balls, if desired, let rise again for 12 hour, and then roll out as desired.nFlatten flatbread dough, gently press into a large rectangle, brush liberally with olive oil, and throw on grill. Grill on both sides until golden brown. Spread 1 side with ricotta, sprinkle with salt and pepper, scatter tomatoes over, drizzle with Roasted Garlic Oil, and garnish with basil and more freshly ground black pepper. Serve immediately.nYield: 4 individual flatbreads or 1 large flatbread, ingredients: [1 recipe Flatbread, recipe below, 1 8ounce container ricotta cheese, drained, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 plum tomatoes, very thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chiffonade fresh basil, 12 cup olive oil, 6 cloves roasted garlic, 1 12 cups warm water 105 to 110 degrees F, 12 teaspoon active dry yeast, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive or canola oil, plus more for bowl], title: Grilled Flatbread with Ricotta Cheese, Fresh Tomatoes, Oregano and Roasted Garlic Oil, picturelink: null}, 16417: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until soft and golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and red pepper flakes and cook 1 minute. Stir in 12 cup water, scraping up any browned bits. Transfer the contents of the skillet to a 6quart slow cooker.nAdd the chickpeas, squash, chard stems not the leaves, the parmesan rind, if using, 2 teaspoons salt and 7 cups water to the slow cooker. Stir, then cover and cook on low, 8 hours.nJust before serving, lift the lid and stir in the chard leaves cover and continue cooking 10 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and stir to slightly break up the squash. Discard the Parmesan rind, if used. Ladle the stew into bowls top with the grated parmesan, if desired, and serve with bread andor lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 12 cups dried chickpeas, rinsed, 1 pound butternut squash, peeled and cut into large pieces, 1 bunch Swiss chard, leaves and stems separated and roughly chopped, 1 piece parmesan cheese rind, plus grated parmesan for topping optional, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Crusty bread andor lemon wedges, for serving], title: SlowCooker Squash Stew, picturelink: OHNjng6xwXxjX.L8ELs2NPNZfYbLMC}, 16418: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nTo make the dressing: Put mayonnaise, sour cream, ginger, garlic, sesame oil and rice vinegar in a blender or food processor mix until combined. Scrape down the sides of the blender or work bowl with a rubber spatula, mix for another 15 seconds. Transfer to a bowl, add the cilantro and mix well with whisk. Set aside.nMake the spice rub: Toast peppercorns and anise seeds in a dry large heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring until fragrant, about 1 minute. Finely grind toasted mixture in an electric coffeespice grinder or with a mortar and pestle. Sift mixture through a coarse sieve into a bowl and stir in salt, fivespice powder, and ginger.nHalve beef crosswise and sprinkle rub all over both pieces, pressing to adhere.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet with a metal handle over moderately high heat until just smoking, then brown 1 piece of beef on all sides, about 1 minute. Transfer to a large plate. Wipe skillet the clean with paper towels and brown remaining beef in same manner. Arrange beef pieces, 2 inches apart, in the skillet.nRoast in middle of oven 25 to 35 minutes, or until a thermometer inserted diagonally 2inches into centers of each piece registers 120 degrees F. Let beef stand in pan on a rack for 25 minutes. Beef will continue to cook as it stands, reaching 130 degrees F mediumrare. Discard string and slice beef.nServe with dressing at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 4 teaspoons dark sesame oil, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 2 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons Szechwan peppercorns, 1 tablespoon anise seeds, 4 teaspoons coarse salt, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 4 to 5pound beef tenderloin roast, trimmed and tied, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, Snipped fresh chives and tarragon sprigs, for garnish], title: Fillet of Beef with Asian Spice Rub and Creamy Sesame Dressing, picturelink: null}, 16419: {instructions: Rinse and pat dry chicken thighs.nIn a large bowl, combine the remaining ingredients and stir until smooth. Add thighs and make sure they are coated. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 2 to 3 hours, preferably overnight.nSet up grill for indirect cooking over mediumhigh heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking. Remove chicken from refrigerator and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.nCook 40 to 45 minutes or until internal temperature reaches 180 degrees F. Check for doneness by cutting into thigh to make sure there is no redness near bone.nNOTE INDOOR GRILLING: Prepare chicken as directed. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Roast in preheated oven on foil lined baking sheet for 30 minutes or until internal temperature reaches 180 degrees F., ingredients: [8 chicken thighs, 1 12 cups plain yogurt, 2 teaspoons garam masala, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic], title: Tandoori Chicken Thighs, picturelink: Fy.hRwkdM4yTCka9.hcrG3V0ysmNzW}, 16420: {instructions: In a large food processor, blend the chipotles, garlic, Worcestershire, tomatoes, beer and cilantro. Add the puree to a nonstick skillet and heat until the sauce bubbles. Making 2 servings at a time, heat 1 stick butter with 2 teaspoons habanero in a large skillet. When the butter is melted, add onethird of the pasta and onethird of the Diablo sauce. Mix together for 20 seconds, remove from the heat and reserve. Repeat 2 more times. Top with 1 bacon wrapped shrimp per serving. This recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the bacon on a baking sheet and bake until half cooked, 8 to 10 minutes. Let the bacon cool to room temperature Wrap each shrimp with 1 slice of bacon and secure with a toothpick. Grill until the shrimp is fully cooked and the bacon is crispy, 2 to 3 minutes., ingredients: [12 ounces chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, pureed, 14 cup minced garlic, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 6 whole tomatoes, diced, One 16ounce can lager beer, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, 3 sticks butter, 6 teaspoons minced fresh habanero peppers, One 1pound box linguine, cooked, Bacon Wrapped Shrimp, recipe follows, 6 slices goodquality thickcut bacon, 6 medium to large raw shrimp, peeled and deveined], title: Diablo Pasta with Bacon Wrapped Shrimp, picturelink: H07Bw.OZuFn1JRrr97xtv2gexWalrbq}, 16421: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the tilapia in a medium bowl. Pour the lime juice over the fish and mix gently to combine. Cover with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator until the fish is white throughout, about 15 to 20 minutes.nRemove from the refrigerator and drain off the lime juice, gently squeezing the fish with your hands. Discard the lime juice. Add the tomato, cucumber, onion, and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the clamtomato juice and the hot sauce and chile, if using.nSpread the tostadas generously with mayonnaise and top with the ceviche. Arrange the avocado slices on top of the ceviche and serve immediately with the lime wedges alongside.nHeat a grill or grill pan over medium heat.nPut the tortillas on the grill or grill pan, and let them dry out until they are crunchy. Purchased tostadas can be substituted., ingredients: [2 pounds tilapia fillets, finely diced see Cooks Note, 1 cup lime juice about 8 large limes, 12 cup seeded chopped tomato, 12 cucumber, peeled, seeded and finely diced, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup clamtomato juice recommended: Clamato, optional, 1 tablespoon bottled hot sauce recommended: Huichol, optional, 1 serrano chile, optional, Grilled Tostadas, recipe follows, or 6 purchased tostadas, Mayonnaise, for spreading, 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled, and thinly sliced, 1 lime, cut into wedges, 6 corn tortillas], title: Tilapia Ceviche, picturelink: suXWhRUaX5bdGd3iVUzeIRdTj9Qvmge}, 16422: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat. Place the tomatoes, garlic, chiles, shallots and onions cutside up on a baking sheet. Drizzle the vegetables with the oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nTransfer the vegetables to the grill and grill until all the vegetables are blistered and charred, 8 to 10 minutes, turning occasionally. Let the vegetables cool slightly. Peel the garlic and remove the skins of the tomatoes. Transfer the vegetables to a food processor, add the cilantro and pulse until you have a chunky salsa. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 Roma tomatoes, cored and cut in half lengthwise, 4 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 1 serrano chile, cut in half, see Cooks Note, 1 shallot, skins removed, halved, 12 small yellow onion, skin removed and quartered, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, for sprinkling, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, roughly chopped], title: Grilled Tomato Salsa, picturelink: .WUToBn9n8MwxHJ52GgRkMIs4549.iC}, 16423: {instructions: Mix first 5 ingredients together, set aside. On skewers, assemble selection of garlic cloves, pearl onions, green and red peppers, broccoli stalks and tops, chunks of tofu, and firm cherry tomatoes. Place KBobs in marinade and turn until evenly coated. Place on grill, and keep brushing with marinade as you turn them. Grill until crispbrowned. Brush with remaining marinade, as you remove skewers to serve., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 1 cup fresh pineapple juice, 13 cup fresh orange juice, 13 cup fresh soy sauce, 6 cloves of garlic, minced or crushed, 1 head of elephant garlic, broken into cloves, Pearl onions, Green and red peppers, sliced, Broccoli, Tofu, Cherry tomatoes], title: Marinated KBobs, picturelink: null}, 16424: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. In a bowl, combine the orange, lime, and grapefruit juice and whisk together. Wash and pat the pig dry with paper towels. Sprinkle inside and out with the salt and pepper and place it in a large roasting pan, belly side up. Place the grapefruit, oranges, limes, onion, garlic, bay leaf, and thyme inside the cavity and skewer it closed. Turn belly side down and place a ball of wood or a rolled up piece of aluminum foil about the size of a lemon in the pigs mouth. Skewer the legs into position by pulling the forelegs forward and bending the hind legs into a crouching position this will help a large pig fit in a home oven, if it fits already, this is not necessary. Cover the tail and ears with small pieces of foil to prevent them from burning. Place the pig in the oven and baste with the citrus juice mixture. After the pig has roasted for 15 minutes, baste it again with the citrus juice mixture and reduce the heat to 325 degrees. Roast for 20 minutes per pound longer, basting generously every 15 or 20 minutes with the juice mixture and then the pan juices. To test for doneness, prick the thigh with the tip of a sharp knife to see if the juices run clear. The internal temperature should read 165 degrees on a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the leg. Remove from the oven and allow to rest for 10 minutes, loosely tented with a large piece of aluminum foil. Distribute the parsley and watercress sprigs loosely around the edges of a large warmed oval platter. Halve the trimmed blood oranges and place them around the edges of the platter, nestled in the greens. Remove the foil from the tail and ears and replace the wood or foil from the mouth with a lemon, lime, or apple. Carve at the table, with confidence.nNote: Most good butchers will be able to obtain a small suckling pig, given 1 or 2 weeks notice. Ask them to dress the pig and remove the eyeballs and lower lids., ingredients: [10 15 pound dressed, oven ready suckling pig see Note, 1 12 cups orange juice, 34 cup fresh lime juice, 34 cup fresh grapefruit juice, 2 tablespoons coarse sea salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 grapefruit, quartered, 2 oranges, halved, 2 limes, halved, 1 large onion, quartered, 1 head garlic, halved, 1 bay leaf, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bunch watercress, tough stems removed, for garnish, 1 bunch curlyleafed parsley, tough stems removed, for garnish, 4 blood oranges, peel and pith removed with a sharp knife, Lemon, lime, or apple for the mouth], title: Roast Suckling Pig, picturelink: null}, 16425: {instructions: In a bowl combine yeast, warm water and sugar to dissolve. Add 14 cup allpurpose flour and 14 cup cake flour. Stir and set in a warm place 30 minutes to foam up.nAdd the powdered sugar, salt, potato, and hot water to the foamed yeast along with 14 cup allpurpose flour and 14 cup cake flour and mix on low to combine with a paddle. Mix on highspeed 30 seconds to combine. Add another 14 cup allpurpose flour and mix on high.nFlour the bench heavily and knead the dough gently it may be sticky. Turn into a greased bowl and proof until doubled in bulk, about 1 12 hours. Turn dough out onto a floured surface and punch down. In a bowl proof the dough another 30 minutes.nFlour surface heavily and pat dough out to about 12inch thick. Cut out doughnut holes, flouring cutter each time, and set on a floured sheet pan.nHeat oil to 375 degrees F.nDrop doughnut holes in. Flip once and cook no more than 30 seconds. Drain on a paper towel lined sheet pan then soon after dredge in powdered sugar and toss., ingredients: [12 ounce yeast, 13 cup warm water, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, plus 12 cup, 14 cup cake flour, plus 14 cup, 14 cup powdered sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 ounces cooked potato, peeled and riced, 14 cup hot water, 2 cups powdered sugar, for rolling], title: Doughnut Holes, picturelink: null}, 16426: {instructions: Heat oil in a skillet and saute the carrots, onion, potatoes, and garlic until al dente. Add ground beef and brown. Drain fat from pan and season with salt and pepper and jerk seasoning. Stir in tomato paste to bind mixture, and let cool.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll out puff pastry dough and, using a circle cutter, cut out 16 to 24 3inch diameter dough circles and place on a lightly greased baking sheet. Place a spoonful of meat mixture on 1 side of each pastry circle. Fold each into a halfcircle and seal edges by pinching the dough together. Brush surface of pastry with egg wash. Bake until golden brown, about 6 to 8 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 carrots, peeled and diced small, 1 medium onion, peeled and diced small, 2 medium potatoes, peeled and diced small, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 12 pounds ground beef, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons Irvine Spices Jerk Seasoning, 4 tablespoons tomato paste, 3 sheets puff pastry dough often sold in 17 or 18ounce packages containing 2 9 or 10inch square sheets puff pastry, 3 eggs, beaten, for egg wash], title: Cornish Pasties, picturelink: H5A4qmwn5d86xyl4yx5jfT5q4AWh.a}, 16427: {instructions: Combine the butter and brown sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat on medium speed until light and fluffy, 4 to 5 minutes.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, cinnamon, ginger, baking soda, cloves, cardamom and salt to combine.nAdd the molasses, egg, and vanilla to the creamed butter mixture and beat on lowmedium speed until smooth and combined.nOn low speed, add the flour mixture in few additions. The dough will be soft and a bit sticky.nRefrigerate in a covered bowl for a minimum of two hours or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line three baking sheets with parchment paper or use nonstick baking sheets.nUse an icecream scooper or a slightly heaping tablespoon to portion the dough. Roll each cookie into a 1inch ball between your hands, then roll lightly in the white granulated sugar and place on the prepared baking sheets. Make sure to leave enough space between the balls, as theyll flatten out to twice their size.nBake for 8 to 10 minutes. The dough balls would flatten and develop a crinkly crust, but will still be flexible. Gently remove to rack to cool completely. Store in an airtight container up to 3 days., ingredients: [6 ounces 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour measured and sifted, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup molasses, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup white granulated sugar, for rolling], title: Rons Holiday Spice Cookies, picturelink: 65O0fTSYqV6LxQW55nJn3RhZ7zKvbGa}, 16428: {instructions: Melt the white chocolate in a double boiler. In a medium bowl, whisk together the confectioners sugar, corn syrup and heavy cream until smooth, then stir into the white chocolate until combined. Turn the heat off and leave the chocolate over the double boiler, whisking occasionally to keep smooth. If the glaze is too thick, add more cream and whisk until smooth.nDivide the glaze between two bowls. With food coloring, dye each bowl a separate color whichever you choose. Add the second bowl of colored glaze back to the first, pouring only along the edge. Use a skewer to swirl only slightly when you dip your donuts you will swirl the glaze more., ingredients: [1 cup white chocolate discs, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup, 12 cup warm heavy cream, plus more if needed, Food coloring], title: TieDyed White Chocolate Doughnut Glaze, picturelink: null}, 16429: {instructions: Heat 34 cup of the oil in a large, deep saucepan over mediumlow heat. When hot, add the sliced onions and cook stirring until they soften. Add the cinnamon, lentils, and ginger to the pan and cook, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Add the stock and 5 cups hot water, salt to taste, and cayenne pepper. Bring to the boil, then simmer about 10 minutes. Add the lemon juice and squeezed shell and cook about 50 minutes longer, stirring often. Heat the remaining 12 cup oil in a small pan and add the chopped onion, garlic, chile, and bay leaves. Cook, stirring, until the onion is browned. Add this mixture, including the oil, to the lentils. Sprinkle with the chopped coriander leaves and serve hot., ingredients: [1 14 cups vegetable oil, 2 mediumsize onions, halved and thinly sliced, 4 pieces cinnamon stick, each about 2 inches long, 2 pounds masoor dal lentils, picked over and washed, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger, 5 cups chicken stock, 5 cups hot water, Salt, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Juice of 1 lemon, plus the squeezed, seeded skin and pulp, 1 small onion, peeled and chopped, 1 garlic clove, peeled and finely chopped, 1 hot green chile, chopped with seeds, 4 bay leaves, crumbled, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander leaves], title: Lemon Lentils, picturelink: null}, 16430: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the cold milk and instant chocolate pudding mix until well incorporated and the mixture begins to thicken. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nUsing a stand mixer or electric hand mixer, beat together the whipping cream, peanut butter and confectioners sugar until stiff peaks form. Gently fold in the chopped peanut butter cup candies, reserving 14 cup for the top.nTo assemble the trifle, loosely break up the brownie bites. If the trifle dish is even at the bottom, place a layer of broken brownies over the bottom of the dish. If the trifle dish has a dip in the center, spread 12 cup chocolate pudding into the dip to even it out before starting with an even layer of brownies. Top the brownies with 1 cup of pudding, spreading it to an even layer with an offset spatula. Follow by spreading 1 12 cups of the peanut butter whipped cream atop the pudding layer. Repeat twice with the remaining brownie bites, pudding and whipped cream, creating 9 layers total and ending with a whipped cream layer. Sprinkle with the remaining chopped peanut butter cups.nCover loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to overnight before serving., ingredients: [3 23 cups cold milk, Two 3.9ounce packages instant chocolate pudding, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 13 cup creamy peanut butter, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 12 peanut butter cup candies, coarsely chopped, 30 storebought brownie bites], title: Peanut Butter Cup Trifle, picturelink: mwbVpB3GIxVioep0bpUrnO2zRngb2}, 16431: {instructions: Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Place cookie sheet on middle oven rack. Unroll pie crust in 9inch glass pie plate as directed on box for OneCrust Filled Pie. In small bowl, mix streusel ingredients. Sprinkle streusel in crustlined pie plate.nIn large bowl, mix filling ingredients. Pour into pie crust on top of streusel. Place pienplate on cookie sheet in oven. Bake 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350degreesF. Bake 35 to 45 minutes longer or until knife inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely on cooling rack, about 3 hours.nJust before serving, set oven control to broil. Spread marshmallows evenly over top of pie, completely covering filling. Broil pie with top about 5 inches from heat about 30 seconds, watching carefully, until marshmallows are lightly browned. Marshmallows will brown quickly. Cover and refrigerate any remaining pie., ingredients: [1 box PillsburyR refrigerated pie crusts, softened as directed on box, 12 cup crushed gingersnap cookies 9 cookies, 14 cup chopped pecans, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons butter or margarine, softened, 1 can 15 oz pumpkin not pumpkin pie mix, 1 cup evaporated milk, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons grated fresh gingerroot, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, slightly beaten, 2 to 2 12 cups miniature marshmallows], title: PumpkinGinger Pie with Golden Marshmallow Topping, picturelink: null}, 16432: {instructions: Clean softshell crabs, rinse, pat dry and refrigerate. Carefully remove cartilage from crabmeat. Toss the crabmeat gently with bread crumbs. In a separate bowl, mix together mayonnaise, seafood seasoning, cilantro, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, vinegar, and egg. Gently fold the mayonnaise mixture into the crabmeat.nSpoon crab filling into the cavity of the softshell crabs, under the shell tips. Dip or brush crab in beaten egg, dredge in seasoned bread crumbs.nHeat oil in large saute pan. When the oil is hot, panfry the crabs until golden brown on top and bottom. Garnish and serve., ingredients: [12 Maryland softshell crabs, cleaned, 1 pound Maryland blue crabmeat, 12 cup bread crumbs, plus 2 cups crabboilseasoned bread crumbs, 4 tablespoons light mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, 2 teaspoons finely chopped cilantro, 1 teaspoon prepared mustard, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon cider vinegar, 1 large egg, beaten, plus 1 large egg, beaten with a splash of water, Vegetable oil], title: Crab Doublers, picturelink: null}, 16433: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd all of the ingredients to a lidded jar and shake well to combine. Serve as a dipping sauce for tempura., ingredients: [12 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons finely grated ginger, 2 tablespoons chopped green onion, 2 medium cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon sesame oil], title: Soy Ginger Dipping Sauce, picturelink: wDQpfRsROD0TQIWxmNB1SmTh1SELy}, 16434: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice bread into small cubes, add to a medium bowl and toss with the melted butter. Add the raisins, chocolate chips and raspberries and stir to distribute.nIn a medium bowl combine the eggs, whole milk, condensed milk, sugar and vanilla together until well mixed. Pour over the bread mixture and press down gently to help the bread absorb the egg mixture.nTransfer the bread mixture into a large oven proof dish and bake in the preheated oven for about 45 minutes or until the top springs back when touched. Remove from the oven and lightly sprinkle with the rum. Carefully ignite with kitchen lighter or a long kitchen match. Serve in individual bowls with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top., ingredients: [8 slices brioche bread or cinnamon bread, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 12 cup golden raisins, 14 cup white chocolate chips, 12 cup raspberries, 4 eggs, beaten, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup condensed milk, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 teaspoons 151 proof rum, Vanilla ice cream], title: The Proof is in the Pudding Bread Pudding with Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 16435: {instructions: Whisk 2 cups water, 14 cup of the vinegar, 1 tablespoon of the honey, 1 tablespoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in the insert of a 6quart slow cooker. Add the potatoes and stir to combine. Cover with a lid and cook on low heat until the potatoes are tender but not falling apart, about 4 hours.nTurn off the heat and drain the potatoes well. Transfer the potatoes back to the slow cooker insert and cover with a lid to keep warm.nAdd the bacon to a large skillet set over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until the bacon is brown and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and use a slotted spoon to transfer the bacon to a papertowellined plate. Discard all but 4 tablespoons of the bacon drippings. Add the mustard, the remaining 12 cup vinegar and 1 tablespoon honey to the skillet and whisk. Pour the dressing in the slow cooker along with half of the bacon and the scallions, reserving 2 tablespoons for topping. Gently stir to combine, and season with additional salt and pepper if needed. Transfer the potato salad to a large serving platter or bowl and top with the remaining bacon and reserved scallions to serve., ingredients: [12 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 pounds large Yukon gold potatoes, quartered about 12, 10 slices bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 14 cup wholegrain mustard, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced about 1 cup], title: SlowCooker German Potato Salad, picturelink: hL1PHxPQPRz7Ico7XFGCPJBCm8EKnM.}, 16436: {instructions: To make the crullers: In a medium saucepan, heat 1 cup water, the butter, sugar, vanilla, and salt over mediumhigh heat until the edges of the liquid start to bubble. Add the flour all at once and stir briskly with a wooden spoon until well mixed and no lumps of flour remain.nRemove from the heat. Add 4 of the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well with a wooden spoon after each. The dough should look soft and glossy and keep a hook shape when the spoon is pulled from the dough. If not, beat in the last egg.nScrape the dough into a pastry bag fitted with a star tip. Pour enough canola oil into a deep heavy skillet cast iron is ideal to fill 1inch. Heat over medium heat until the tip of the handle of a wooden spoon gives off a slow steady stream of tiny bubbles. Carefully pipe the dough into the oil, forming 6inch crullers. Pipe only as many crullers into the oil as fit comfortably. Overcrowding the pan will result in soggy crullers. Fry, turning once, until golden brown on each side. Drain on paper towels. Repeat with the remaining dough.nPut the sugar and the cinnamon in a paper bag. Crimp the top and shake well to mix. Drop a few crullers at a time into the bag and shake until coated. Best served as soon as possible., ingredients: [1 cup water, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 to 5 eggs, Canola oil, for frying, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Mexican Crullers Churros, picturelink: qbasS7vhRNudxbnkAW7uqtXrol0W}, 16437: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo prepare the pork, slice the pork into manageable 1inch thick pieces. Season with salt and pepper. In an ovenproof pan, add the oil and sear the pork on all sides until a golden brown crust has formed. Remove the pork from the pan and add garlic, onion and jalapeno. Saute until tender and add cola. Bring to a boil, and put the pork into the cola. Transfer to the oven and braise for at least 1 hour or until the pork is fork tender. Remove from the oven and allow to cool at room temperature. Do not remove pork until cool.nTo make the seasonings, shred the room temperature pork. Toss the pork with the black beans, and 12 of all of the ingredients. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and transfer to a serving dish. Take the remaining ingredients, combine them in a mixing bowl, season with salt and pepper and place them onto the pork as a garnish. Serve with tortilla chips.nCooks Note: You may use canned cooked black beans for this recipe., ingredients: [5 pounds pork butt or shoulder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for searing, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 large white onion, medium diced, 1 jalapeno, chopped, 1 2 liter bottle cola, 1 cup cooked black beans, 1 red onion, julienne, 2 green onions, sliced thin on the bias, 12 cup cilantro leaves, 12 cup Spanish extravirgin olive oil, 1 jalapeno, julienne, 1 bag tortilla chips, optional], title: Pulled Pork, picturelink: null}, 16438: {instructions: Line an 8 inch square pan with foil and grease foil. Mix sugar and cocoa in heavy 3 quart saucepan. Stir in milk and butter. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. Without stirring, boil vigorously 5 minutes. Remove from heat add chips and stir until melted and smooth. Spread 1 cup in lined pan, top with cookies, then spread remaining fudge evenly over the top. Refrigerate 6 hours until firm. Invert pan, peel off foil, invert fudge and cut in 1inch squares., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 can 5 ounces evaporated milk not condensed milk, 12 stick 14 cup butter or margarine not spread, 1 cup 6 ounces mintflavored semisweet chocolate chips, 16 round chocolate sandwich cookies], title: ChocolateMint Cookie Crunch Fudge, picturelink: null}, 16439: {instructions: You can boil the potatoes and steam the beans at the same time. Start with the potatoes: put them in a large pot and cover with cold water. Add 1 tablespoon salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, until the potatoes are tender when you stick a fork in them, about 30 minutes. At the same time, combine the cream and butter in a small saucepan and warm over low heat until the butter is melted. Remove from the heat and cover to keep warm.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, start on the beans. Break the beans in half and put them in a colander large enough to fit over the pot the potatoes are cooking in set aside. Now heat a large saucepan over medium heat. Drizzle 2 tablespoons of olive oil, add the bacon and cook until the fat is rendered, about 5 minutes. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes to the pan, crushing them in your hand as you do so, to break them up. Stir in the sugar. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, until thickened, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat.nWhen the potatoes have cooked about 20 minutes, put the colander over the pot and cover the whole thing with aluminum foil. Continue cooking until the beans are crisptender, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the colander from pot and dump the beans into the pan with the tomato sauce fold in the beans and season with salt and pepper.nNow drain the potatoes in the same colander and dump them back into the pot. While the potatoes are still hot, pour in the warm cream and butter and mash the potatoes with a potato masher. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds potatoes, preferably Idaho, peeled and quartered, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup 1 stick butter, 1 pound green beans, trimmed, Olive oil, 2 to 3 strips bacon about 2 ounces, cut crosswise into pieces, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 can 28 ounces whole, peeled tomatoes, 12 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mashed Potatoes and Steamed Green Beans, picturelink: null}, 16440: {instructions: Special equipment: A wide saucepot, parchment paper, a parisienne scoopsmall melon baller, a piping bagnJuice the lemon and orange, reserving the juiced citrus halves. Put the juice, citrus halves, wine, water, honey, ginger, black peppercorns, cloves, cardamom, star anise and bay leaf in a wide saucepot. Gently place the pears into the liquid. Make a circle of parchment paper that is 12inch larger than the pot and cover surface completely with the parchment paper see Cooks Note. Make sure the pears are fully submerged but not touching the bottom of the pot. Bring the poaching liquid and pears to a boil, then reduce the heat to just below a simmer.nCook the pears until fork tender. Test for doneness by inserting a sharp knife in the base there should be little resistance when fully cooked. Gently transfer pears to a glass or ceramic bowl. Pour enough poaching liquid over pears just to cover. Cover and refrigerate for several hours, preferably overnight the longer the pears soak, the darker they will become.nStrain remaining poaching liquid and return to saucepan. Cook over high heat until a syrupy consistency is achieved or the syrup coats the back of a spoon. Chill until the pears are served.nUse a parisienne scoop to remove each pears core, hollowing out a 1inch wide cavity that starts at the base and extends 34 of the way up the pear. Transfer the Creamy Pistachio Nut Filling to a piping bag without a tip. Gently fill the pear cavity until it slightly overflows. The overflow will help to provide a sticky surface to stand the pear up on. Place the pear, base side down, in a bowl and surround with 1ounce of the syrup. Serve.nIn a mediumsized bowl, cream the mascarpone, sugar, and vanilla together. Stir in the pistachio nuts.nUse immediately or refrigerate and return to room temperature before filling the pears., ingredients: [1 lemon, 1 orange, 1 bottle red wine recommended: ShirazSyrah or Zinfandel, 8 cups water, 12 cup honey, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, sliced, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon cloves, 4 cardamom seeds, 2 star anise, 1 bay leaf, 6 Bartlett pears, peeled, Creamy Pistachio Nut Filling, recipe follows, 1 12 cups mascarpone cheese, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup pistachios, coarsely chopped], title: Red Wine Poached Pears, picturelink: null}, 16441: {instructions: Layer Belle de Brillet pear flavored liqueur first.nThen top with Baileys Coffee Irish Cream.nGarnish with nutmeg, a grind of 4 seasoned peppers and enjoy., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Baileys Coffee Irish Cream, 1 oz. Belle de Brillet pear flavored liqueur, 1 sprinkle nutmeg, 1 grind 4 seasoned pepper], title: Baileys Spiced Coffee, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 16442: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Preheat a grill to medium heat.nRub the beef with the garlic powder, paprika and salt and roast until medium rare, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Let cool, then thinly slice.nCoat the romaine hearts with olive oil and sprinkle with salt. Grill for 1 minute 30 seconds per side, and then set aside to cool.nBring the chicken stock to a simmer in a large pot and add the sugar and bacon. Simmer until reduced by onethird, and then stir in the fish sauce and lime juice.nBring 2 gallons of water to a boil in a large pot. Drop in the noodles and cook for 1 minute 30 seconds, using tongs to separate and fluff the noodles in the water. Drain and divide among 6 bowls. Top each bowl with sliced beef, the cilantro, jalapenos and radishes. Slice the softboiled eggs in half lengthwise and sprinkle with chili flakes before adding one half to each bowl. Pour enough hot broth into each bowl, so that there is twice as much broth as noodles., ingredients: [1 pound beef tritip roast beef would also work, 14 cup garlic powder, 14 cup paprika, 2 ounces salt, plus more for seasoning, 3 romaine lettuce hearts, halved lengthwise, Olive oil, 2 gallons chicken stock, 2 cups dark brown sugar, 8 ounces smoked bacon, chopped into thick pieces, 1 cup fish sauce, 1 ounce lime juice, 1 pound fresh ramen noodles, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves picked, 1 jalapeno, thinly sliced, 1 bunch breakfast radishes, thinly sliced, 3 softboiled eggs, boil for 8 minutes, Chili flakes preferably Korean], title: Tritip Ramen, picturelink: null}, 16443: {instructions: In a glass with ice, add Smirnoff No.21 Vodka and orange juice. Stir and float liqueur on top. Garnish with orange slice., ingredients: [1.25 oz. Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, 0.25 oz. hazelnut liqueur, 3 oz. orange juice, 1 slices orange], title: Harvey Wallbanger, picturelink: vwzgo6q5i278h7kXueNO6Lq6gRRflCS}, 16444: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Heat canola oil in a saute pan over medium high heat. Season pheasant with salt and pepper. Brown legs and thighs evenly and place in oven for 20 minutes. Bring figs and wine to a low boil in a heavy saucepan. Reduce and simmer to 13 of original volume. Remove pan from oven, removing leg and thigh. Return to burner for 45 seconds. Sear skin side of pheasant breast for 1 minute. Flip and return thigh and leg. Finish in oven for 5 to 6 minutes. Remove pheasant from pan and plate. Add 12 of the butter to pan and saute shallots until light brown. Add Shiitakes and cook to tender, about 1 minute. Add figs and wine to pan with stock, rosemary, reduce to thicken. Season and whisk in remaining butter and serve., ingredients: [1 medium pheasant, about 2 pounds, breast removed skin on and leg and thigh disjointed, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 cup dried figs, stems removed, 2 cups chambourcin wine, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 medium shallots, sliced thin, 1 cup shiitake mushrooms stemmed and thinly sliced, 12 cup rich poultry stock, 12 teaspoon rosemary, finely chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Pan Roasted Pheasant with Shiitake Mushrooms and Figs in a Chambourcin Glace, picturelink: null}, 16445: {instructions: Bring 1 gallon salted water to a rolling boil in a large stockpot. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil, and pasta, and cook until al dente, about 6 to 8 minutes. Drain in a colander, shaking vigorously, and immediately transfer to an oiled cookie sheet or clean countertop to cool. When cool, transfer to a bowl, and toss with 14 cup extra virgin olive oil.nMix all remaining ingredients in a bowl. Toss with pasta, adjust seasonings, and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 pound pasta, small tubes or shells, 34 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 cup cubed Mozzarella cheese, 34 cup black olives, 2 medium tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced, 1 large red onion, diced, 3 pickling cucumbers or kirbies, peeled and diced, 2 bunches fresh oregano, leaves only, chopped, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 3 dashes hot sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Pasta Salad with Olives and Mozzarella, picturelink: null}, 16446: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. While the rigatoni cooks in salted boiling water, prepare the sauce. In a saucepan heat up the olive oil and saute the eggplant, sundried tomatoes, olives, chile peppers, if using, and garlic, for a few minutes. Add the tomato puree and salt. Let the sauce cook for approximately 10 minutes on medium heat. Drain the rigatoni add the pasta to the saucepan, sprinkle with some Parmigiano and cook for another 30 seconds. Then place 12 the rigatoni in a baking dish, adding a layer of 12 the mozzarella, 12 the scamorza and another sprinkle of Parmigiano cheese over the pasta. Add the remaining rigatoni, and follow with a final layer of all the cheeses. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [1 pound450 g rigatoni pasta, 4 tablespoons60 ml extravirgin olive oil, 1 large eggplant, cubed, 10 large sundried tomatoes, chopped, 15 infornate olives, pitted and chopped, 2 dried chile peppers, crushed, optional, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 25ounce750 ml jar tomato puree, Salt, 12 ounces400 g freshly grated mozzarella, Smoked scamorza cheese, as much as desired, roughly chopped, Freshly grated Parmigiano cheese, for sprinkling], title: Pasta Al Forno: Oven Baked Pasta, picturelink: null}, 16447: {instructions: Special equipment: A candy thermometernPlace the egg whites and 13 cup of the sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Beat on mediumhigh speed until the egg whites reach the soft peak stage.nMeanwhile, pour the remaining sugar and 13 cup water in a medium saucepan set over medium heat. Attach a candy thermometer to the side of the pan and bring to the softball stage, without stirring, 240 degrees F.nThe egg whites and syrup should be ready at about the same time. If one is ready before the other then you can remove the pan from the heat or stop whipping for a few minutes.nContinue to whip the egg whites on mediumhigh speed and slowly drizzle in the hot syrup, aiming the syrup between the side of the bowl and the beaters. Continue to whip until both the bottom of the bowl and the mixture are cool, 10 to 15 minutes. The mixture should be thick and will form firm peaks at this point. Beat in the salt. At this point you have an Italian meringue.nWhile still beating on mediumhigh, add the butter, a few pieces at a time. As the butter is added, the buttercream may appear to thin out some, but it will thicken into firm peaks once all of the butter is added. Beat in the vanilla extract. If the buttercream is still too loose, beat on high speed until thickened.nUse right away or refrigerate in an airtight container overnight. The buttercream may need to be beaten slightly to smooth out before using., ingredients: [4 large egg whites, 1 12 cups sugar, Pinch kosher salt, 16 ounces 32 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature cut into 1inch pieces, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Italian Buttercream, picturelink: zMQeAu5R5D.0JRxEQaPXl78UhZgLJG6}, 16448: {instructions: In a large pitcher, combine all the ingredients and stir to mix. Pour into rocks glasses and garnish with additional maraschino cherries, if desired.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 cups ice cubes, 12 lemon, sliced thin, 14 cup fresh pineapple chunks, 14 cup tequila, 14 cup triple sec, 12 cup orange juice, 14 cup pineapple juice, 14 cup highproof rum Guy recommends Bacardi 151, Splash of grenadine, 14 cup maraschino cherries, plus more for garnish], title: Shark Attack, picturelink: zz2nXTdLaZ6ov1vA.syajWI1kmsxTk.}, 16449: {instructions: For the piquillo pepper pesto: Combine the piquillo peppers, Parmesan, pine nuts, garlic, honey and red chile flakes in a food processor and process. While processing, drizzle in enough oil to create an emulsified sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Reserve.nFor the tapenade: Combine the olives, anchovies and garlic in a food processor and process. While processing, drizzle in enough oil to create an emulsified sauce.nFor the mashed potatoes: Put the potatoes in a pot, cover with cold salted water and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Cook until forktender, 5 to 7 minutes.nIn a separate saucepan heat up the milk.nDrain the potatoes well to remove any excess water. Using a ricer, mash the potatoes into a mixing bowl while they are hot. Add the butter, mascarpone and a splash of the hot milk and fold into the potatoes until incorporated. Add just enough milk to achieve a velvety consistency. Season with salt and pepper. To keep warm until serving, place the bowl over a pot of simmering water.nFor the bison: Preheat the broiler on high.nPlace a large saute pan on high heat and add enough oil to coat the bottom of the pan. Sprinkle both sides of the bison tenderloins well with salt and pepper and place on the smokinghot pan to sear. Once a crust has formed on the bottom, remove the meat from the pan and slice it. Return the slices to the pan. Spread the slabs of butter on top of the meat. Season with a little more salt and pepper and place under the broiler until the butter is melted.nPut the arugula in a bowl, drizzle with extravirgin oil and toss together. Season with salt and pepper.nTo assemble: Barely fold 2 tablespoons of the tapenade into the potatoes. Place several pieces of the bison on each plate and top with a dollop of the piquillo pepper pesto. Spoon some of the pan butter sauce over the bison and garnish with some arugula. Put a scoop of the tapenademarbled potatoes next to the bison and garnish with minced chives., ingredients: [One 14ounce can piquillo peppers, drained, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted, 3 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon honey, Pinch red chile flakes, Extravirgin olive oil, as needed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup nicoise olives, pitted, 2 anchovies, 2 cloves garlic, Extravirgin olive oil, as needed for the tapenade and drizzling, 4 medium Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups milk, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into chunks, 5 tablespoons mascarpone, Oil, for coating the pan, Four 6ounce bison tenderloins, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12tablespoon slabs, Micro arugula, for garnish, 2 tablespoons minced chives, for garnish], title: Bison Tenderloin with Piquillo Pepper Pesto and Tapenade Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: HJeRBi1sXFYKN7VgGBoEI81gdBfwa}, 16450: {instructions: Cut top off pineapple at the shoulder, scoop out flesh from the top to leave a small cavity. With a thin sharp knife cut down carefully just within the skin right around the circumference until the bottom is almost reached. Insert the blade 1 inch from the base working it around in both directions to loosen the inside flesh. Cut flesh into four segments from the top and remove one at a time by pressing pineapple base stem and removing the wedge with a fork. Cut away the hard center core. Cut flesh into 12inch wedges and place in a bowl.nPlace rum and sugar with pineapple and allow to macerate in the refrigerator.nDeep freeze pineapple shell.nMix ice cream with chopped nuts. Mix instant coffee with 2 tablespoons boiling water. Combine with ice cream.nPlace alternative layers of coffee nut ice cream with rum flavored pineapple until you reach top., ingredients: [1 large pineapple, 14 cup Bacardi rum, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 4 Brazil nuts, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon instant coffee], title: Iced Rum Husks, picturelink: null}, 16451: {instructions: To prepare cabbage for slaw, discard tough or badly bruised outer leaves, wash the head, then cut it in half through the stem end. Shred the cabbage with a sharp knife to get long, thin pieces. You can also use a food processor to chop the cabbage. 1 pound of cabbage yields about 6 cups of loosely packed shreds. For slaw: Combine cabbage, carrots, scallions, and cilantro. Top with 13 cup Tangy Dressing, ketchup and cumin. Yield: 4 servingsnFor dressing: Mix sugar, salt and dry mustard. Add vinegar and water and stir until sugar dissolves., ingredients: [4 cups shredded green cabbage, 1 cup shredded carrots, 14 cup sliced scallions, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 23 cup cider vinegar, 13 cup water, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 teaspoon ground cumin], title: Rio Grande Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 16452: {instructions: In a medium bowl combine the tuna, onion, parsley, olives.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, zest, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Pour about 23 the dressing over the tuna mixture and toss to combine. In a separate bowl, pour the rest of the dressing over the greens and toss to combine.nPlace some tuna salad onto each piece of wrap bread. Top with 1 12 cups of greens and a few tomato slices. Roll the wraps and serve., ingredients: [2 6ounce cans chunk light tuna in water, drained well, 14 cup finely diced red onion, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup chopped calamata olives, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups prewashed mixed greens about 3 ounces, 4 wholegrain wrap breads about 2 ounces each, 2 large tomatoes, sliced], title: Mediterranean Tuna Wrap, picturelink: vzlqslKr5vy99mjZXsAu33TApCR6LDW}, 16453: {instructions: In a mixing bowl add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, turmeric, cumin, cayenne, cardamom and salt. Mix well until the mixture has turned into a paste, if the paste is too thick add a little more olive oil. Add the cubed lamb to the bowl and toss around to coat well. Cover and set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a large, heavy bottomed pot over mediumhigh heat. Add 13 of the lamb, and brown well. Remove to a plate, and repeat with remaining lamb.nAdd onions and carrots to the pot and sweat for 5 minutes. Stir in the fresh garlic and ginger continue cooking for an additional 5 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and chick peas, then return the lamb to the pot and stir in the lemon zest, chicken stock, apricots, and honey.nBring to a boil, then reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 1 12 to 2 hours, stirring occasionally, until the lamb is tender. Sprinkle the stew with chopped fresh cilantro and serve right out of the pot., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 14 teaspoon ground tumeric, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 12 pounds boneless lamb shoulder or boneless leg of lamb, 1 12inch cubes, 1 onion, cut into 1inch cubes, 3 carrots, roughly diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon ginger, minced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 14.5ounce can chickpeas, drained, 1 lemon, zested, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup dried apricots, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Braised Lamb Stew, picturelink: ZCmSzYrju8.w.w50lZX0bKLXjt5WbZ2}, 16454: {instructions: Puree 13 cup olive oil, 1 garlic clove, 2 anchovy fillets, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, and salt and pepper to taste in a blender. Toss 1 12 cups crusty bread cubes with 1 tablespoon of the dressing broil on a baking sheet until toasted, about 2 minutes. Toss 1 14 pounds chopped kale with the remaining dressing broil on another baking sheet, stirring, until crisp, 5 to 8 minutes. Put the kale and croutons in a bowl and top with lemon juice, grated parmesan and a chopped hardboiled egg., ingredients: [], title: Kale Caesar Salad, picturelink: v2UPZ64avJ1BzkzOirPI.KPpGZe16Km}, 16455: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking dish with cooking spray.nIn a small nonstick skillet over low heat, cook the onion and garlic in the olive oil until soft and translucent. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the mint, salt, allspice and cinnamon. Add the lamb, breadcrumbs, egg, pine nuts and raisins and mix together. Use a scooper to form into balls, and set aside on a baking dish.nMix the black and white sesame seeds together in a second pan. Roll the meatballs around in the sesame seeds to coat evenly, then return them to the baking dish. Add the chicken stock to the baking dish. Bake for 20 minutes or until juices run clear and the meatballs have reached an internal temperature of 160 degrees F. Serve over orzo pasta or rice if using., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 13 cup minced onion, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 1 12 teaspoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon dried mint, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon allspice, Pinch cinnamon, 1 12 pounds ground lamb, 1 cup breadcrumbs, 1 large egg, 14 cup pine nuts, 14 cup raisins, 12 cup white sesame seeds, 12 cup black sesame seeds, 12 cup chicken stock, Orzo pasta or rice, for serving, optional], title: The Meatbahhl, picturelink: null}, 16456: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 9 or 8inch square pan with nonstick cooking spray. Cut cookie dough in half crosswise. With floured fingers, press half of dough in bottom of sprayed pan. Bake at 350 for 6 to 12 minutes or until edges are light golden brown. Remove partially baked crust from oven. Cool 10 minutes. While crust is cooling, in medium microwavesafe bowl, combine butterscotch chips, chocolate chips and peanut butter. Microwave on Medium for 1 to 1 12 minutes or until mixture is melted, stirring every 30 seconds until smooth. Add shoestring potatoes and peanuts stir gently to coat. Spoon and carefully spread mixture over crust. Crumble remaining half of dough over top. Sprinkle with coconut. Return to oven bake an additional 12 to 22 minutes or until set and golden brown. Cool 30 minutes. Refrigerate 30 minutes or until firm. Cut into bars., ingredients: [1 18oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Refrigerated Peanut Butter Cookies, 1 cup butterscotch chips, 14 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 14 cup peanut butter, 1 14 cups shoestring potatoes from 1 34oz. can, 14 cup lightly salted peanuts, 12 cup coconut], title: Sweet n Salty Crunch Bars, picturelink: null}, 16457: {instructions: Heat the oil and salt in a 4quart pan with lid on mediumhigh heat. Add the popcorn, cover and reduce the heat when it starts to pop. Shake occasionally during popping, and remove from the heat when almost all of the kernels are popped.nSeason with the chile lime powder, stir in the Chile Lime Pumpkin Seeds and serve.nToss the pumpkin seeds with the chile lime powder and olive oil, making sure every single seed is coated.nHeat a small saute pan on mediumhigh heat. Toast the pumpkin seeds until crispy, making sure not to burn them, about 3 minutes. Cool and serve. Yield: 1 cup, ingredients: [3 tablespoons sunflower oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup popcorn kernels, 2 tablespoons chile lime powder, such as Tajin, 13 cup Chile Lime Pumpkin Seeds, recipe follows, 1 cup raw pumpkin seeds, 1 tablespoon chile lime powder, such as Tajin, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Chile Lime Popcorn, picturelink: KwyvSjdYNXTVokxWkb.dKJHszhNkt6}, 16458: {instructions: Select a lean rib and cut off the visible fat. We like our ribs lean, tender, and beautiful. Cook them low and slow. Two pounds or less will take 4 12 hours at 225 degrees F. In the smoker is best.nLay the ribs out and put your seasoning rub on them. Let them sit for half an hour, 1 hour or 2 hours. Overnight really is best. In the refrigerator.nJust lay them on your grill real nice. Put the ribs or other meat on the side that doesnt have the fire under it, we call the hot and not. Place the ribs on a rack over a pan of water about 1inch of water. Fire up the other side of your grill. Set the temperature to 225 degrees F. It is important to know where 225 degrees F is on your grill or pit. A small oven thermometer will do just fine.nPut wood chips on your fire side. Take a piece of heavy duty aluminum foil, be sure to soak chips we like hickory, wrap them up real good and poke some holes in the top of the foil and then put them on the fire or coals. Now youre smokin Close your lid and leave them be. Dont be peaking. Just let them smoke. When ribs are tender and pulled back from the bone a touch, then and only then, is when we sauce them. Move ribs or meat to the hot side. Sauce them real good, bone side down first.nHow should I put the sauce on the ribs The choices are dipping, mopping and brushing. Every chef uses a different way of slathering on their sauce. We like mopping, but feel free to experiment and use the method you like best. And, remember, you can always put some extra sauce on the side.nBe careful not to burn them. When your ribs or meat get bubbly, not burnt, flip them. Sauce the other side until it bubbles. This should take 3 to 5 minutes total. Remove from the grill and enjoy When you are all done and cooled down, take your tongs and discard your foil package of chips in a metal container., ingredients: [], title: The Secret to Cooking Great Ribs, picturelink: null}, 16459: {instructions: Put four of the ice cubes, the green tea, pomegranate juice, gin and amaretto into a cocktail shaker and shake vigorously for one minute. Divide the remaining eight ice cubes between two oldfashioned glasses. Strain the cocktail into the glasses and garnish. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 ice cubes, 3 oz. chilled green tea, 1 cup chilled pomegranate juice, 3 oz. gin, 1 Tbs. amaretto, blueberries and minimarshmallows, for garnish], title: Tropical Skies, picturelink: null}, 16460: {instructions: Cut tortillas into triangle shapes and place into 325 degree oil and fry until golden brown. While still hot dust with cinnamon sugar set aside. Take 2 containers of raspberries and puree.nPlace egg yolks in a double boiler and whisk until yolks ribbon and turn pale yellow. Add 2 ounces white sugar and Marsala and whisk until all sugar dissolves and Marsala is incorporated. Hold warm.nLadle Sabayon onto base of plate. Place 1 tortilla on top and cover with fruits. Add another tortilla, top with fruit and so on. Top with sabayon and raspberry sauce. Garnish with a rosette of whipped cream, mint leaf and reserved container of raspberries., ingredients: [12 6inch flour tortillas, 8 ounces canola oil, 1 pound cinnamon sugar 12 ounces sugar and 4 ounces cinnamon, 3 containers raspberries reserve 1 container for plating, 4 egg yolks, 5 ounces sugar, 12 cup Marsala wine, 6 strawberries, stemmed and sliced, 16 blackberries, 10 ounces blueberries, 2 kiwi fruit, peeled and sliced, 12 ounces whipped heavy cream, Fresh mint, for garnish], title: Dessert Napolean, picturelink: null}, 16461: {instructions: Remove the stems from the apples and scrub them under warm water and dry them. Insert a chopstick through the top of the apple all the way to the top and line a baking sheet with waxed paper, set aside.nPut the sugar, maple syrup, corn syrup, and cream in a saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and cook, swirling the pan but not stirring, until the mixture reaches 250 degrees F firm ball stage on a candy thermometer. Pull pan from the heat and stir in the butter. Tilt the saucepan and dip and spin each apple into the caramel, covering about 34 of the apple. Place on the prepared baking sheet until set.nIf using a topping spread the topping out on a sheet pan or wax paper and immediately roll the caramel coated apples in the topping. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet until set.nTopping 1:n2 cups chocolate wafers, graham crackers, or vanilla wafersnPut the wafers or cracker of choice in a plastic storage bag and smash until coarse.nTopping 2:n2 cups walnuts or pecans, toastedn13 cup dried cranberriesn1 tablespoon finely chopped crystallized gingernPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the nuts on a baking sheet and toast until fragrant and brown, about 8 minutes. Pulse the nuts, cranberries, and ginger in a food processor until mixture resembles very coarse sand., ingredients: [8 small apples, such as, Granny Smith or macoun, 2 cups light brown sugar, 1 cup maple syrup, 13 cup light corn syrup, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Toppings of choice, optional, recipes follow], title: Caramel Apples, picturelink: null}, 16462: {instructions: Make a mound of the flour in the center of a large wooden cutting board. Make a well in the middle of the flour and add the eggs, oil and any other flavoring you choose. Using a fork, beat together the eggs, oil and flavorings and begin to incorporate the flour starting with the inner rim of the well. As you expand the well, keep pushing the flour up to retain the well shape. Do not worry that this initial phase looks messy. The dough will come together when 12 of the flour is incorporated.nStart kneading the dough with both hands, using the palms of your hands primarily. Once you have a cohesive mass, remove the dough from the board and scrape up any left over crusty bits. Lightly flour the board and continue kneading for 3 more minutes. The dough should be elastic and a little sticky. Continue to knead for another 3 minutes, remembering to dust your board when necessary. Wrap the dough in plastic and allow to rest for 30 minutes at room temperature. Note: do not skip the kneading or resting portion of this recipe, they are essential for a light pasta., ingredients: [3 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour plus 12 cup, 4 extra large eggs, 12 teaspoon olive oil], title: Fresh Egg Pasta, picturelink: null}, 16463: {instructions: Put the tomato wedges in a large bowl.nMix the olive oil, lime juice, chili powder, cumin, garlic and some salt and pepper in a mason jar and drizzle over the tomato wedges. Scatter over the cilantro. Toss to combine., ingredients: [3 pounds mixed tomatoes different colors, sliced into wedges, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves only], title: Fiesta Tomato Wedge Salad, picturelink: H1Ix3Qkp.eU23xhoTOpUHhi7.Pu8ca}, 16464: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the tomatoes to a food processor with a pinch of salt and puree until smooth. Combine the onions, bell peppers and cucumbers with the tomato puree in a large bowl. Chill at least 1 hour.nDrizzle with olive oil, garnish with chopped basil and serve., ingredients: [8 tomatoes, quartered, Kosher salt, 1 red onion, cut into small dice, 1 green bell pepper, cut into small dice, 1 red bell pepper, cut into small dice, 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into small dice, 12 cucumber, cut into small dice, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 3 leaves fresh basil, finely chopped], title: Gazpacho, picturelink: dZtXZYlgMT0OEbttNL11sHhZT5toLE2}, 16465: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan, combine rice, chicken stock, and seasoning blend and bring to a boil. Cover and reduce to a simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let rest for 5 minutes or until stock is absorbed. Stir in remaining ingredients and serve warm., ingredients: [1 6.2 ounces box fast cooking longgrain and wild rice, 1 12 cups or according to rice box instructions lowsodium chicken stock, 1 cup frozen seasoning blend mixed diced vegetables including onion, celery, red and green peppers, parsley, 1 11 ounces can mandarin orange segments, drained, 13 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup cranberry sauce], title: Cranberry Wild Rice Dressing, picturelink: RAa3MCSHfudj5mc8L6pEgXxnJ.poku.}, 16466: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a large saucepan over low heat. Saute the garlic, red pepper flakes, and herbs for 2 minutes until the herbs are fragrant and garlic is golden but not overly brown. Raise the heat to medium, add onion and carrot cook for 5 minutes until they breakdown and are soft. Deglaze with red wine and reduce to evaporate the alcohol. Hand crush the canned tomatoes and add to the pot, along with its liquid. Add a pinch of sugar to cut down on the acidity from the tomatoes season with salt and pepper. Let simmer for 30 minutes, uncovered., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 2 bay leaves, 1 onion, diced, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 14 cup red wine, Two 28ounce cans whole peeled plum tomatoes, Pinch sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Italian Tomato Gravy, picturelink: null}, 16467: {instructions: 1. For the pork: Preheat a grill to medium and lightly oil the grate. In a small bowl, mix 2 teaspoons kosher salt, chili powder, brown sugar, and cinnamon. Divide mixture evenly among chops and rub all over.n2. Place the chops on hot grate over the flame and grill until marked and cooked halfway through, about 10 minutes. Turn the chops and move to a cooler area of the grill cover and cook until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 140 degrees F to 145 degrees F, about 10 minutes. Transfer chops to a cutting board and rest for 5 minutes.n3. For the salsa: Meanwhile, brush the peach quarters with 1 teaspoon oil and place on the grill until marked and softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Roughly chop the peaches, about 34inch pieces, and place in a medium bowl along with the tomatoes and red onion. Add 14 teaspoon zest to the bowl along with the lime juice, about 4 teaspoons. Add the herbs, and season with salt and pepper. Serve the chops with the salsa., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for grill grate, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4, 1 12inches thick doublecut bonein pork loin chops about 1 pound each, 2 large ripe peaches, quartered and pit removed, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs, such as chives, parsley, or mint, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Thick Cut Pork Chops with Summer Salsa, picturelink: null}, 16468: {instructions: Set the pizza stone into a cold oven and preheat the oven to 450 degrees. In a small sauce pan set over a low flame, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute before adding the tomatoes. Season the tomatoes with the salt, pepper and oregano and cook over medium heat for 10 minutes. Working on a lightly floured surface, pat one of the pizza dough balls into a flat round shape, working from the center outward. While forming the shape of a pizza crust, work with the tips of the fingers and form a 12inch thick edge. Continue to work outward trying to achieve as even a thickness as possible. When the pizza dough is formed into shape transfer the dough to the peel and drizzle 1 tablespoon of olive oil over the surface. Sprinkle half the Parmesan cheese evenly over the oiled pizza dough and spoon 3 tablespoons of sauce over the surface. Evenly spread half of the mozzarella over the tomato and finish building your pizza with a few basil leaves roughly torn by hand. Place the pizza onto the pizza stone in the oven by sliding the pizza off of the peel and onto the hot stone. Repeat the process for the second pizza. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until the surface is bubbling and the bottom of the crust is well browned.nIn a bowl, combine the flour and salt, and mix thoroughly. In a separate stainless steel bowl, combine the water and yeast, and using a whisk, add 2 tablespoons of oil. Let rest for 5 minutes. Pour the water into the center of the flour, and with a spatula, stir to combine well into a sticky mass. Pour this mass out onto a lightly floured surface and begin to knead the dough by working the dough with the heel of the palm of your hand. Push outward and pull the inside edge over the top. Repeating the process over again to create a smooth ball of dough free of stickiness. Place the ball of dough into a clean stainless steel bowl that has been brushed with the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Cover with a clean cloth and let rise at room temperature for 1 12 hours or until it has doubled in size. When the dough has risen it can be divided in half and the two pieces formed into two balls which will later be patted into the traditional pizza shape. Yield: 2 12inch pizza crusts, ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 cups canned plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, seeds removed, 12 teaspoon salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon dry oregano, 2 12inch pizza crusts recipe follows, 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, 12 pound fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced, 8 basil leaves, Ceramic pizza stone, Pizza peel, 3 14 cups unbleached flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 cup warm water, 1 envelope active dry yeast, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Pizza with Tomato, Mozzarella and Basil, picturelink: null}, 16469: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and butter a 3quart baking dish. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the sausage and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until browned and cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to a plate.nMelt the remaining 6 tablespoons butter in the skillet, then add the onion, celery, apples, sage, thyme, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the cider. Bring to a boil, scraping up any browned bits, and cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the broth and return to a boil, then remove from the heat.nWhisk the eggs and parsley in a large bowl. Add the bread, sausage and vegetablebroth mixture and stir until combined. Transfer to the prepared baking dish sprinkle with the walnuts and drizzle with the turkey drippings or dot with butter.nCover the dish with foil and bake 30 minutes, then uncover and bake until golden, about 30 more minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage bulk, or casings removed, 1 onion, finely chopped, 5 stalks celery, finely chopped, 2 apples, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12ounce bottle hard cider, 2 12 cups lowsodium chicken or turkey broth, 2 large eggs, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 12 cups 12 inch stale white bread cubes about 1 14 pounds, 1 cup walnuts, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons fat from the turkey drippings or butter], title: Apple and Sausage Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 16470: {instructions: Drizzle cavity of trout with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Stuff cavity with 4 lemon slices and 1 sprig of sage.nWrap trout with bacon like a mummy, using toothpicks to hold bacon in place. Each trout will require about 6 strips of bacon.nGrill for approximately 5 minutes per side over direct mediumhigh heat, or until bacon is crispy and trout is cooked throughout. Trout can also be panseared for approximately 5 minutes per side., ingredients: [4 10ounce trout, head and tail on, gutted, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, 4 large sprigs fresh sage, 2 lemons, halved and sliced, 1 12 pounds sliced bacon, Toothpicks], title: BaconWrapped Trout Stuffed with Fresh Sage, picturelink: null}, 16471: {instructions: Pour boiling water over the gelatin and stir to dissolve completely. Pour the mixture into ice cube trays with rounded bottoms you should be able to fill 2 trays. Refrigerate until partially set, about 20 minutes. Push the blueberry eyeballs into the partially set gelatin and refrigerate until thoroughly set. Dip the ice cube tray in warm water for 15 to 30 seconds and run a knife around the edges of each ice cube. Turn the eyes out on a serving plate and refrigerate until serving time., ingredients: [2 small packets yellow JellO gelatin, 1 14 cups boiling water, 24 blueberries], title: Edible Eyeballs, picturelink: null}, 16472: {instructions: Brush the mushroom slices and swordfish steaks with olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nCombine the thyme leaves and lemon zest and sprinkle generously over the mushrooms and fish. Toast the bread slices until golden. Combine the mayonnaise and chili puree.nWrap the fish with the thinly sliced bacon. Heat a skillet over high heat and add the mushroom slices. Cook the mushrooms until they begin to brown before turning and quickly cooking the other side. Remove the mushrooms and add the fish steaks to the pan. Cook the fish steaks for 2 to 3 minutes on each side.nPlace a lettuce leaf on each piece of bread and top with a mushroom slice, then a fish steak and finally mushroom slice. Place a dollop of mayonnaise on top and serve., ingredients: [4 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed, sliced through the middle in two, 4 thin 14inch swordfish steaks, Olive oil, Salt and ground black pepper, 1ounce fresh thyme, stems removed, 2 tablespoons lemon zest, 4 slices country bread, boule loaf, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon chili puree, 14 pound Italian pancetta bacon, thinly sliced, blanched in boiling water, Several leaves romaine lettuce], title: Open Faced PortobelloSwordfish Pancetta Club, picturelink: null}, 16473: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pan over a medium heat. Add the cinnamon, cardamom pods, and cloves, and fry for 20 to 30 seconds, or until the spices are fragrant. Add the onion, and fry for 3 to 4 minutes, or until golden brown.nAdd the curry leaves, chiles, ginger, and garlic, and reduce the heat and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the garlic has softened. Add the chicken pieces, and stir fry for 3 to 4 minutes. Season the chicken, with salt, and freshly ground black pepper.nAdd the garam masala and enough boiling water to reach halfway up the chicken pieces. Bring the mixture to a boil, cover the pan with a lid, reduce the heat to a low heat and simmer the mixture for 10 to 12 minutes.nRemove the lid from the pan, turn the heat up to a high heat, and boil off any excess liquid, stirring continuously.nOnce the liquid has almost completely boiled away, add the grated coconut and the lemon juice, and stir well. Cover the pan again and continue to cook for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the chicken pieces are tender, and completely cooked through.nJust before serving, stir in the chopped cilantro., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable or coconut oil, 1 cinnamon stick, 6 green cardamom pods, whole, 6 cloves, whole, 1 onion, finely sliced, 12 curry leaves, 3 to 4 whole green chiles, 1 1 12inch piece fresh ginger, cut into thin strips, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 12pounds chicken pieces drumsticks and thighs, skin removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons garam masala, Boiling water, 6 12ounces freshly grated coconut, 1 to 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Small handful chopped fresh cilantro, leaves and stems], title: Coconut Chicken Fry, picturelink: null}, 16474: {instructions: Heat a little olive oil in a pot and saute the onions and garlic. Cook until onions are translucent. Add into chicken broth and bring to a boil. Add trahana and cook until tender. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with garlic toast.nCombine in a large bowl, the milk, yogurt, and lemon. Cover it and let stand overnight to sour. Next day, in large pot mix the bulgur, flour, and semolina in a bowl and blend in the soured milkyogurt mixture and eggs. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring with a wooden spoon. Season with salt and pepper. Let sit for 20 minutes. Place large spoonfuls of the mixture on a baking sheet and place in an oven preheated to 150 degrees and let dry for 8 hours. When dry, place in a food processor and pulse to break into pebbles. Store in jars in a dry cool place. Use like rice and pasta and in soups., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 medium onions, small dice, 6 cloves of garlic, minced, 1 gallon chicken stock, 1 recipe trahana, recipe follows, 1 12 cups whole milk, warmed, 1 12 cups yogurt, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 14 pounds cracked bulgur wheat, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup semolina, 13 eggs, slightly beaten, 12 tablespoons gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste See Cooks Note], title: Chicken Soup with Trahana Homemade Dried Pasta, picturelink: null}, 16475: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the butter and oil in a heavy  bottomed stockpot, add the onions, and cook over medium  low heat for 10 minutes, or until translucent. Add the pumpkin puree, butternut squash, chicken stock, salt, and pepper. Cover and simmer over medium  low heat for about 20 minutes, until the butternut squash is very tender. Process the mixture through the medium blade of a food mill. Return to the pot, add the half  and  half, and heat slowly. If the soup needs more flavor, add another teaspoon of salt. Serve hot with garnishes, if desired.nCooks Note: To serve with croutons, remove the crusts from 2 slices of white bread, cut them in 12inch cubes, and saute them in 1 tablespoon of butter until browned. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon good olive oil, 2 cups chopped yellow onions 2 onions, 1 15  ounce can pumpkin puree not pumpkin pie filling, 1 12 pounds butternut squash, peeled and cut in chunks, 3 cups homemade chicken stock or canned broth, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup half  and  half, Creme fraiche, grated Gruyere, or croutons see Note, for serving optional], title: Winter Squash Soup, picturelink: 7UAE3BsPIS6UJv00nyVED7BfG4rGmli}, 16476: {instructions: Mix first 4 ingredients in large microwaveable bowl. Microwave on high 5 min. or until VELVEETA is completely melted, stirring after 3 min.nStir in remaining ingredients.nServe with crackers or assorted cutup fresh vegetables recommended: Wheat Thins.nHealthy Living:nTrim 3 grams of fat, including 1.5 grams of saturated fat, per serving by preparing with VELVEETA 2 Milk Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product and light sour cream.nTo Halve:nCut ingredients in half mix in 1qt. microwaveable bowl. Microwave on high 3 to 4 min. or until VELVEETA is completely melted, stirring after 2 min. Serve as directed. Makes 112 cups or 12 servings, 2 Tbsp. each.nKeeping It Safe:nHot dips should be discarded after setting at room temperature for 2 hours or longer.nHow to Cut Up VELVEETA:nCut VELVEETA the whole loaf into slices about 12inch thick. Then, cut each slice crosswise in both directions to make cubes.nNutrition Information Per Serving Full Fat products: 80 calories, 6g total fat, 3.5g saturated fat, 25mg cholesterol, 380mg sodium, 3g carbohydrate, 0g dietary fiber, 2g sugars, 5g protein, 8DV vitamin A, 6DV vitamin C, 10DV calcium, 0DV iron.nNutrition Information Per Serving VELVEETA Light and LightReduced Fat Sour Cream: 70 calories, 3g total fat, 2g saturated fat, 20mg cholesterol, 370mg sodium, 4g carbohydrate, 0g dietary fiber, 3g sugars, 6g protein, 8DV vitamin A, 6DV vitamin C, 15DV calcium, 0DV iron., ingredients: [1 lb. 16 oz. VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 can 612 oz. crabmeat, drained, flaked, 4 green onions, sliced, 12 cup chopped red bell peppers, 12 cup sour cream recommended: BREAKSTONES or KNUDSEN, 18 tsp. ground red pepper cayenne], title: VELVEETA Hot N Cheesy Crab Dip, picturelink: null}, 16477: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nBaste the tenderloin in olive oil and generously rub with the Cajun rub. Bake for about 30 to 40 minutes. Remove the tenderloin from oven, split in half and stuff with a layer of spinach, sundried tomatoes and shredded jalapeno jack cheese. Grill stuffed tenderloin for 20 to 30 minutes. Slice and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 pound pork tenderloin, Olive oil, 3 to 4 ounces Cajun rub, 1 cup fresh spinach leaves, 12 sundried tomatoes, 1 cup shredded jalapeno jack cheese], title: Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: oI9DIIv1zC9T.CtcWsbe7lMCL0cPKJu}, 16478: {instructions: Top pound cake slices with a generous scoop of softened vanilla bean ice cream and drizzle liberally with chocolate syrup., ingredients: [4 slices pound cake, 1inch thick, 1 pint vanilla bean ice cream, Chocolate syrup recommended: Hershey brand], title: Pound Cake with Vanilla Ice Cream and Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 16479: {instructions: Special equipment: a 12cup standard muffin tin or two 24cup minimuffin tins, cupcake linersnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and position a rack in the middle of the oven. Line one 12cup standard muffin tin or two 24cup minimuffin tins with cupcake liners.nWhisk the flour, baking powder and salt together in a medium bowl.nIn another medium bowl, beat the eggs and sugar with an electric mixer until light and foamy, about 2 minutes. While beating, gradually pour in the melted butter and then the vanilla.nWhile mixing slowly, add half of the flour mixture. Then add all the milk, followed by the remaining flour mixture take care not to overmix the batter. Divide the batter evenly in the prepared muffin tin.nBake until a cake tester inserted into the center of the cupcakes comes out clean, rotating the tin about halfway through baking time, 18 to 20 minutes for standard cupcakes or 10 to 12 minutes for minis. Cool the cupcakes in the tin on a rack for 10 minutes, then remove from the tin and cool on the rack completely. Decorate as desired., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 23 cup sugar, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup milk], title: GoTo Vanilla Cupcakes, picturelink: wiAXaYYOjc.j2VdjIbkOl5TxRfGnW}, 16480: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter a 2quart baking dish and set aside.nPlace the potatoes in a large pot filled with salted water. Bring to a boil and cook until fork tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain the potatoes and transfer to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat the potatoes until chunky, then add the cream cheese, sour cream and 4 tablespoons of the butter. Whip until smooth. Add the chives and some salt and pepper to taste.nUsing a spatula, transfer the potatoes to the buttered baking dish and spread evenly. Cut the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter into cubes, then sprinkle them over the top. At this point it can be refrigerated until guests arrive.nBake, covered with aluminum foil, for 15 minutes, then uncover and bake for another 20 minutes.nRemove from the oven and let sit for 10 minutes. Sprinkle with additional chives and serve hot., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for baking dish, 4 large russet potatoes, peeled and quartered, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, plus more for serving], title: Sour Cream Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: XFxvHzXR9X2evA3PkQkkKcFFJMzb8u}, 16481: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the bell pepper, carrots, and squash into a saucepan with a small amountnof boiling water. Cover the pan, and steam for 4 minutes over mediumhigh heat. Drain, and transfer the vegetables to a bowl, and toss them together with the green onions, corn, cheese, cilantro, and salt, to taste. Set the bowl aside until the mixture has cooled completely.nOn a lightly floured surface, with a lightly floured rolling pin, roll the puff pastry sheets out to 14inch thickness. Cut the pastry into 6 to 8, 3 12 to 4 12inch rounds using biscuit or cookie cutters, depending on whether you want large or small patties. Using a fork, prick the dough all over.nIf you are preparing 8 patties, spoon 18 of the filling towards the side of 1 pastry round, leaving a 12inch barrier around the edge. If you plan on making 6 patties, divide 16 of the filling between the larger pastry rounds.nBrush the bare pastry edge around the filling with some of the beaten egg. Fold the other half of the circle over the filling and press the edges together to seal the patty, using a fork for a crimping effect.nGlaze the patties with the remaining egg wash, place them onto a sheet pan lined with parchment paper, and bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes, or until the patties are nicely golden brown on the outside as well as the inside., ingredients: [1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and diced into 12inch cubes, 1 12 cups carrots, diced into 12inch cubes, 3 cups butternut squash, peeled, seeded, and diced into 12inch cubes, Water, as needed, 4 green onions, finely chopped, 1 8ounce can corn, drained, 1 cup orange cheese, grated recommended: Colby, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 to 4 teaspoons salt, 1 17.3 ounce box frozen puff pastry, thawed, 1 egg, lightly beaten, to glaze], title: Sunny Vegetable Patties, picturelink: mUe6xqsbBlI7GIIOIyN1bKSkuuCuvKC}, 16482: {instructions: In a small bowl mash tuna with mayonnaise to taste to a smooth paste. Spread on bread and wrap securely in foil. Let sandwich sit 2 hours until mayonnaise has softened bread. Slice in half and serve with a glass of cold milk., ingredients: [1 small can solid white tuna packed in water, drained well, 3 to 4 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 slices white bread], title: Tuna Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 16483: {instructions: Place the blueberries and the water into a medium saucepan, set over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and pour the mixture into a colander lined with cheesecloth that is set in a large bowl. Allow to cool for 15 minutes. Gather up the edges of the cheesecloth and squeeze out as much of the liquid as possible. Discard the skin and pulp. Return the blueberry juice to the saucepan along with the sugar and lime juice. Place over medium high heat and stir until the sugar has dissolved. Bring to a boil and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and transfer to a heatproof glass container and place in the refrigerator, uncovered, until completely cooled.nTo Serve: Combine 14 cup of the liquid with 8ounces of carbonated water and serve over ice., ingredients: [20 ounces fresh blueberries, approximately 4 cups, rinsed and drained, 2 cups water, 7 ounces sugar, 1 lime, juiced, Carbonated water], title: Blueberry Soda, picturelink: null}, 16484: {instructions: Throw all the ingredients into a food processor and whizz until smooth. Done, ingredients: [1 32ounce package frozen peas, thawed in microwave about 5 minutes or fresh cooked peas, 6 sprigs fresh mint, leaves and softer stems only, 1 12 cups plain Greek yogurt, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon unseasoned rice vinegar], title: Pea Puree, picturelink: u1SlGJ1Ubronb4lZ3zFdybpZJPE52}, 16485: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace cod in a pot and fill with cold water, covering cod completely. Soak at least 12 hours, at room temperature Remove from water and rinse.nHeat oil to 360 degrees F in a deep pot until it comes about 2 inches up the side of the pan. In a medium saute pan, over medium heat, add oil and saute onions, celery, and garlic, until vegetables soften, about 5 minutes. Remove mixture to a bowl and let cool. Add cayenne, scallion, cilantro, lime zest and juice, flour, baking powder, milk and egg. Mix together well. With a fork, flake the cod, being sure to remove the skin. Add the cod to the batter. Using a 1ounce ice cream scoop, scoop up fritter batter and place into preheated oil. Fritters should measure about 1 12 inches in diameter. Work in batches. Dont add more than six at a time. Cook until fritters are golden and cooked through, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [12 pound dried salted cod, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more for frying, 14 cup finely diced onion, 1 celery stalk, finely diced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 scallion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup milk, 1 egg, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Codfish Puppies, picturelink: 0kuiYxtR3QN8Mm1zJvpTAnqMaCbEyZi}, 16486: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a large pot over medium heat, and cook until it turns nut brown. Add the leeks and cook until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and saute briefly to release its fragrance.nAdd the squash and apples, raise the heat to high, and cook, stirring, until the vegetables begin to caramelize, about 5 minutes. Stir in the Toasted Spice Rub and cook briefly to toast it, about 1 minute.nAdd the stock or brothwater mixture, bring to a simmer, and partially cover. Adjust the heat to maintain a gentle simmer and cook until the squash and apples are tender, about 40 minutes.nTransfer in batches to a blender or food processor and blend until smooth. Return to the pot, reheat to serving temperature, and season with salt.nDivide the soup among warmed bowls and garnish each portion with some of the walnuts, if using. Serve immediately.nIn a small heavy pan over medium heat, combine the fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns. When the fennel turns light brown, work quickly. Turn on the exhaust fan, add the red pepper flakes, and toss, toss, toss, always under the fan. Immediately turn the spice mixture out onto a plate to cool. Put in a blender with the chili powder, salt, and cinnamon and blend until the spices are evenly ground. If you have a small spice mill or a coffee grinder dedicated to grinding spices, grind only the fennel, coriander, pepper, and chili flakes. Pour into a bowl and toss with the remaining ingredients.nYield: about 1 cupnIn a large, heavybottomed skillet, heat about 1inch of oil to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Add walnuts and blanch for 30 seconds. Drain and transfer nuts to a medium bowl. While nuts are still hot and slightly wet, add confectioners sugar and toss to coat nuts. Stir and toss until all the sugar has melted into the nuts if bits of unmelted sugar remain on the nuts, they will not fry properly.nStir the nuts again before frying. Using a large slotted spoon, transfer a few nuts to the hot oil, allowing the foam to subside before adding another spoonful. Otherwise, the oil could foam over and burn you. Fry in small batches until the nuts are medium brown, about 45 seconds per batch be careful not to overcook. Scatter on an unlined baking sheet to cool slightly.nIn a small bowl, stir together cayenne, cinnamon, a pinch of salt, and the pepper.nWhile the nuts are still warm, transfer them to a bowl and sprinkle evenly with about half of the spice mix. Toss well to distribute the spices and then taste a nut. Add more spice mix, to taste, and toss well after each addition. When cool, pack in an airtight jar. They will keep at room temperature for at least 2 weeks.nYield: 4 cups, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups sliced leeks, white parts only, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 6 cups peeled and roughly diced butternut squash, 3 cups peeled and roughly diced apples, 2 teaspoons Toasted Spice Rub, recipe follows, 6 12 cups chicken stock or 2 14 12ounce cans lowsodium chicken broth mixed with 3 cups water, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, 1 cup chopped Spiced Candied Walnuts, recipe follows, optional, 14 cup fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 12 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes, 14 cup pure California chili powder about 1ounce, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, Peanut or canola oil, 4 cups walnut halves, 1 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch salt, or more to taste, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Butternut Squash and Apple Soup, picturelink: zPdC0yR4MTO.z3LnpG1sKj0l1F.zTHy}, 16487: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice off the top part of the tomatoes horizontally and scoop out the pulp and seeds. Reserve for another use. Season the tomatoes heavily with salt and pepper.nHeat the oil in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes and cook until crisp, about 6 minutes. Transfer the potatoes to a plate lined with a paper towel to drain off excess oil. Add the chorizo to the pan and cook for about 3 minutes. Transfer the potatoes back to the pan with the chorizo. Keep cooking until the chorizo is crisp, about 3 more minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and drain off excess fat on a paper towel.nDivide the chorizo mixture evenly between the scooped out tomatoes. Crack one egg onto each of the tomatoes. Place the tomatoes in a baking dish and bake for about 25 minutes or until the egg whites are fully cooked. Crumble queso fresco on top and sprinkle with cilantro. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 beefsteak tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 cup baby Yukon Gold potatoes, cut into 12inch cubes, 6 ounces pork chorizo, casing removed, sausage crumbled, 4 large eggs, Queso fresco, for garnish, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Eggs in Tomatoes, picturelink: y0qbLqsRLRhkAbaoUX3lja.huiqLmCe}, 16488: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStart by making a turkey broth. In a large stockpot, combine the turkey wings, onions, carrots, garlic, rutabaga, celery, bay leaves, and 1 gallon cold water or enough to cover by at least 3 inches. Bring the water to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 45 minutes, skimming when you feel like it to remove any impurities that float to the top. Remove from the heat and strain into a large pot or bowl, pressing on the vegetables and meat to extract as much flavor as possible. Discard the vegetables, turkey, and herbs. Cool the broth to room temperature before storing in the refrigerator, or chill it down over ice first. When chilled, skim the surface again for any additional impurities. This can be done up to 3 days in advance.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nToss the pumpkin in a large mixing bowl with the 14 cup olive oil, nutmeg, minced sage, salt, and lots of pepper. Dump the pumpkin onto a cookie sheet, spread it out to a single layer, and roast for 45 minutes or until very tender.nNow that youve got the elements, you can put the soup together. Put a large stockpot over mediumlow heat. Heat the 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil, add the whole sage leaves, and saute for 1 minute. Add the pancetta and cook for 2 to 3 minutes to render out some of that delicious fat. Toss in the minced garlic and onion and cook for 2 minutes or until the onion is translucent. Add the cabbage and cook, stirring, for 3 to 5 minutes or until the cabbage is wilted. Pour the strained, cooled broth into the pot and bring to a gentle simmer. Taste the soup and then season with salt and pepper. Ladle the soup into bowls and garnish with several pieces of pumpkin and a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [2 pounds smoked turkey wings, or ham hocks, 2 onions, quartered, 2 carrots, roughly chopped, 12 head garlic, 1 pound rutabaga, peeled and roughly chopped, 2 celery stalks, roughly chopped, 2 bay leaves, 1 pumpkin or 2 medium butternut squash 5 pounds total, split, seeded, peeled, and cut into 2inch pieces, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons and more for drizzling, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons minced sage leaves, plus 6 whole leaves, halved, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound pancetta, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 small heads napa cabbage, thinly sliced], title: Brothy Pumpkin Soup with Pancetta and Cabbage, picturelink: 288NbA8XEpbHpg972aVACVcrJPX.xP6}, 16489: {instructions: In a large pot of boiling salted water cook the linguine until it is al dente and drain, reserving 12 cup of pasta cooking liquid.nMeanwhile, prepare the vegetables: In a large nonstick skillet set over moderately high heat, warm the oil until hot, add the onions, gingerroot and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes. Add the broccoli, carrots, celery and salt to taste and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes more. Add the fivespice powder, chili paste, soy sauce and 12 cup of pasta cooking liquid and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are crisptender. Stir in the sesame oil and chutney. Add the drained pasta and stir to combine., ingredients: [12 pound linguine, Salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup minced onions, 2 teaspoons minced gingerroot, or 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 cups broccoli florets, 2 carrots, diced, 2 celery stalks, diced, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 1 teaspoon chili paste, or to taste, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, or to taste, 1 to 2 tablespoons Oriental sesame oil, 1 tablespoon mango chutney], title: Mi Goreng, picturelink: null}, 16490: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the grill. Mix together the butter and garlic puree and season with salt and pepper.nBrush 1 side of the bread with a tablespoon of the butter and place on the grill, butter side down and grill until golden brown turn over, top with the cheese and grill for 30 seconds longer or until the cheese melts.nPlace the garlic bread on a platter and top the cheese with a few thin slices of the beef and drizzle with the parsley oil.nRemove the steak from the refrigerator 30 minutes before grilling. Heat grill to high.nBrush steak on both sides with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill and cook until golden brown and slightly charred, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn over and continue grilling to mediumrare doneness. Remove from the grill and let rest 5 minutes. Slice into 14inch thick slices.nMix together ingredients in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 14 sticks unsalted butter, 6 cloves roasted garlic, pureed, Salt, Pepper, 12 slices French bread, cut 12inch thick, 6 slices aged provolone cheese, halved lengthwise, cut 14inch thick, Steak, recipe follows, Parsley oil, recipe follows, 1 boneless ribeye, about 16 ounces, Olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 cup canola oil, Salt, Pepper], title: Mini Open Faced Steak Sandwiches on Garlic Bread with Aged Provolone and Parsley Oil, picturelink: isURoq7ymL5Gd5TimLp1vVug5Mw9CC}, 16491: {instructions: Cut the fat from edges of ham slices. Add fat to a medium cast iron skillet. Cook over medium heat until fat renders.nScore edges of ham slices. Add ham slices to skillet, and cook for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. When cooked, remove ham slices from skillet set aside. Add water, stirring to deglaze. Cook until mixture comes to a boil and thickens slightly, about 5 minutes. Serve ham and gravy with grits and buttermilk biscuits.nBring water to a boil in a deep, heavybottomed saucepan. Add grits, salt, and pepper. Return to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer, partially covered and stirring occasionally, until thickened, 20 to 30 minutes.nYield: 4 servingsnPreheat oven to 425 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with Silpats or parchment paper.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.nUsing a pastry cutter, 2 knives, or your fingertips, blend in the 10 tablespoons chilled butter pieces until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir in the buttermilk, and mix until dough holds together. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead briefly until smooth. Roll out the dough to a 12inch thickness, and cut into rounds using a 2inch biscuit cutter.nPlace biscuits on prepared baking sheet. Prick the tops with a fork, and brush with the melted butter. Bake until just lightly golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer biscuits to a wire rack to cool.nYield: about 3 dozen biscuits, ingredients: [2 slices country ham, 12 cup water, Grits, recipe follows, for serving, Buttermilk Biscuits, recipe follows, for serving, 4 cups water, 1 cup grits, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled and cut into pieces, plus 8 tablespoons 1 stick, melted, for brushing tops, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk], title: RedEye Gravy and Grits, picturelink: null}, 16492: {instructions: For the coconut habanero sauce:nIn a saute pan over medium heat, heat 3 tablespoons olive oil and cook the habenero peppers and onion until the onion is browned. Season the mixture with salt and pepper. Pour the mixture into a blender or food processor, add the coconut milk and chicken stock and blend until smooth. Add salt if needed.nFor the salsa:nCombine the mango, beans, habanero peppers, garlic, parsley, and lime juice. Stir to combine. Season with salt, and pepper, to taste. Garnish the salsa with avocado slices.nFor the tortillas:nIn a deep, heavybottomed saute pan with high sides, heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Cut the tortillas into 6 diamond shaped pieces. Working in batches and careful not to overcrowd the pan, fry the tortillas in the oil until golden brown. Drain the tortillas on paper towels and transfer to a large bowl. Toss the tortillas with salt, cumin, and lime juice.nFor the scallops:nHeat a saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add in 2 tablespoons olive oil. Season the scallops with salt and pepper. Sear scallops for 2 minutes per side until golden brown.nFor serving, place 2 scallops in each plate. Drizzle sauce over top of them and serve with a side of salsa and a few tortilla chips., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 habanero peppers, seeded and sliced, 1 small Spanish onion, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 cup coconut milk, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 ripe mango, peeled, pitted and diced, 1 cup canned kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 2 habanero peppers, seeded and diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped, 2 limes, juiced, 1 avocado, sliced, 4 cups canola oil, 2 flour tortillas, Kosher salt, to taste, Ground cumin, to taste, Lime juice, to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 large sea scallops, cleaned, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Scallops with Habanero Coconut Sauce and Habanero Mango Salsa, picturelink: EhGi.RdzBmFucgbSRaZUBLDRDJom5m}, 16493: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 175 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with silicone baking mats or parchment paper set aside.nCombine the pears, plums, sugar, cinnamon sticks, lemon juice and 13 cup water in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat. Cover and cook at a simmer, stirring occasionally, until the fruit is tender when pierced with a knife, about 15 minutes.nRemove the cinnamon sticks and transfer the fruit and juices to a blender. Blend on high speed until completely smooth. Carefully pour the puree onto the baking sheets use a spatula to spread into even rectangles, leaving a 2inch border on all sides.nBake until dried completely, 5 to 6 hours. Let cool completely, 20 to 30 minutes.nTransfer each dried fruit sheet to a piece of wax paper cut to a slightly larger size. Use scissors to cut the fruit and wax paper into 4inchwide strips and roll into cylinders., ingredients: [1 pound pears, peeled, cored and cut into 2inch chunks, 1 pound plums, pitted and cut into 2inch chunks, 13 cup sugar, 4 cinnamon sticks, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Pear and Plum Fruit Leather Rollups, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 16494: {instructions: Special equipment: a 12inch tart pan with removable bottomnFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 12inch tart pan with removable bottom with some oil.nPulse the butter, sugar, salt and cookies in a food processor until combined. Firmly press the crumb mixture into the prepared tart pan the mixture will come only halfway up the sides. Bake until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Let cool completely.nFor the filling: In a heavy saucepan, whisk together the sugar, cornstarch and salt. Add the milk and 1 cup water and continue to whisk until the cornstarch is dissolved. Cook over mediumhigh heat, whisking, until the mixture comes to a boil, 3 to 5 minutes it will start to thicken to a custardlike texture.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolks. Gradually mix the yolks into the thickened cornstarch mixture in the saucepan. Continue to whisk until combined, then remove from the heat. Whisk in the butter and lemon zest and juice. Let cool slightly, then whisk in the tequila. Cover the filling with plastic wrap and set aside.nFor the meringue: With an electric mixer in a large bowl, beat the egg whites with the cream of tartar and a pinch of salt until soft peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes. On slow speed, gradually add the sugar and continue to beat until stiff peaks form, another 1 to 2 minutes.nPour the filling into the tart pan and spread over the crust. Pipe dollops of the meringue with peaks all atop the filling in circles. Bake until the meringue peaks turn light brown, about 15 minutes. Let cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Chill the tart until completely set, about 1 hour., ingredients: [Neutral oil, for oiling the tart pan, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup granulated sugar, Pinch of salt, 40 Maria cookies 1 package, 1 cup granulated sugar, 5 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup milk, 4 large egg yolks save the whites for the meringue, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened, 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest plus 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons tequila, such as Hacienda de la Flor tequila reposado, 6 large egg whites, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch of salt, 1 cup granulated sugar], title: Lemon Meringue Pie, picturelink: VtKmJwn6DM5jYzIKr366AGxMKlxZcBa}, 16495: {instructions: Combine water and sugar in a small bowl. Sprinkle the yeast over the top. Set aside until foamy, about 8 minutes.nPut 1 cup of the flour in a large bowl and make a well in the center. Whisk honey with 1 of the whole eggs, the yolks, olive oil, and salt in a small bowl and pour into the well. Stir to combine. Add yeast mixture, remaining 3 cups flour, and currants and stir to make a soft, shaggy dough. Knead dough on a lightly floured surface until soft and supple, about 10 minutes.nShape dough into a ball and place in lightly oiled large bowl. Cover with a clean kitchen towel and let rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Turn dough onto a lightly floured surface knead for just a minute, shape into a ball and return to bowl. Cover and let rise again until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Form loaf according to the following instructions: Turn dough onto a clean work surface and divide into 3 equal pieces. Roll and stretch each piece into a rope 12 to 15 inches long. Arrange ropes side by side on the work surface. Starting at the far end, braid the ropes. When the braid is finished, tuck both ends under and pinch to seal. Place loaf on prepared baking sheet.nCover with a clean, dry kitchen towel and set aside to rise until doubled, about 1 hour.nPlace a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Beat remaining egg. Brush loaf with egg and sprinkle with poppy seeds. Bake until golden brown, about 35 minutes.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 cup warm water, about 110 degrees F, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 teaspoons active dry yeast, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus about 1 cup for kneading, 13 cup honey, 2 whole large eggs, 3 large egg yolks, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 34 cup to 1 cup currants, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds], title: Honey Challah Bread with Currants, picturelink: null}, 16496: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Brush a muffin pan with 6 jumbo or 12 medium cups with EVOO.nFor the BBQ sauce: Combine the ketchup, chipotle puree, maple syrup, brown sugar, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, garlic and pepper to taste in a small pot. Heat until the mixture starts to bubble, then reduce the heat to low and simmer until thickened, about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.nFor the meatloaves: Pulse the stuffing cubes in a food processor until crumbs form. Transfer to a bowl and moisten with chicken stock.nCombine the turkey, poultry seasoning, cumin and some salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add the moistened breadcrumbs, bell pepper, cilantro, scallions, eggs and cheese and mix gently to combine. Fill the muffin cups with the meatloaf mixture, mounding it a bit in the centers. Top with BBQ sauce. Place the pan on a baking sheet and bake for 40 minutes.nFor the mashed sweet potatoes: While the meatloaves are cooking, peel and cube the sweet potatoes. Place in a pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, then drain. Mash with the chicken stock, thyme, orange juice and salt and pepper to taste.nServe the meatloaves with the mashed sweet potatoes., ingredients: [EVOO, for brushing, 1 cup organic ketchup, 2 tablespoons chipotle in adobo puree, 2 tablespoons dark amber maple syrup, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Coarse black pepper, 1 12 cups seasoned stuffing cubes, 34 cup chicken stock, 2 pounds ground turkey use a mix of light and dark meat, 1 round tablespoon poultry seasoning, 2 teaspoons cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 small red bell pepper, finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro or parsley, 6 thin scallions, finely chopped, 2 eggs, One 8ounce brick extrasharp yellow Cheddar, cut into small dice, 4 medium sweet potatoes, 12 to 23 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, Juice of 1 small organic orange, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Chipotle BBQ Turkey Mini Meatloaves, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 16497: {instructions: Rinse and pat dry the chicken wings. Scatter the wings in a single layer in a shallow pan or bowl. Mix together the buttermilk and hot sauce in a large bowl and pour over the top of the chicken wings to coat completely. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to 5 hours.nUsing a deepfryer or a large heavybottomed pot heat enough oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot.nCombine the flour with seasonings in a large plastic bag. Coat the chicken wings by tossing them in the bag and shaking off the excess. Fry the wings in batches until chicken is golden brown very crispy and cooked completely through, about 6 to 8 minutes. Drain on a paper town lined sheet pan and season with salt and pepper, if desired, while wings are hot. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [1 5pound package chicken wings, 2 quarts buttermilk, 14 cup hot sauce, Canola oil, for frying, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 2 teaspoons paprika, 12 teaspoon chili powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Crispy Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 16498: {instructions: Mix the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor. Add the butter. Pulse until the mixture resembles a coarse meal. Add the ice water and pulse until moist clumps form. Gather the dough into a ball flatten into a disk. If the dough still crumbles and does not form into a ball, add another tablespoon of ice water. Wrap the dough in plastic and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nPosition the rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the apples, 14 cup of the sugar and lemon juice in large bowl toss gently to blend. Set aside for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, dust a large sheet of parchment paper with flour and roll out the dough on the paper to an 11inch round. Transfer the dough and parchment paper to a large heavy baking sheet. Spoon the apple mixture over the dough, leaving a 2inch border. Fold the dough border over the filling to form an 8inch round, leaving the apples exposed in the center. Pleat loosely and pinch the dough to seal any cracks. Brush the crust with the egg wash and sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon of sugar.nBake the crostata until the crust is golden and the apples are tender, about 40 minutes. Transfer the baking sheet to a rack cool for 10 minutes. Slide a metal spatula under the crust to free the crostata from the parchment. Cool the crostata to lukewarm. Sprinkle with the almonds and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the work surface, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, chilled, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 tablespoons ice water, 2 small Golden Delicious apples, peeled, halved, cored and cut into 18inchthick slices, 1 Pippin apple, peeled, halved, cored and cut into 18inchthick slices, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 large egg white beaten with 1 tablespoon of water for egg wash, 2 tablespoons sliced almonds, toasted], title: Apple Crostata, picturelink: pPSnReNqMulC9lZxwXpaXI8zaXNbYVi}, 16499: {instructions: This is the most important part: Wash the rice Place the rice in a large bowl and fill with fresh, room temperature water. Swirl your hand through the water and the rice the water will go cloudy. Thats all the starch that were trying to remove in order to have individual grains of rice, not the sticky kind thats popular in Chinese and Japanese cuisine. According to traditional Indian wisdom, this also makes the rice easier to digest because so much of the starch has been removed. Once youve swirled your hand around for a minute or so, pour off the water, taking care not to lose any rice. Repeat this washing process until the water runs clear. Usually, this takes 3 or 4 changes of water.nFill up the bowl 1 more time and let the rice soak for 30 minutes.nAt the end of 30 minutes, drain the rice. Fill a medium saucepan with 1 34 cups water, add a pinch of salt, and bring to a boil.nAdd the rice, stir, and wait until the water comes back to a full boil. When it does, turn the heat down as low as it can go, and then cover. Cook for 15 minutes.nAt the end of 15 minutes, cut the heat. Let the rice sit for 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork you should see that every grain of rice has grown a little longer and is separate from its brothers and sisters. Well done, ingredients: [1 cup basmati rice, 1 34 cups water, Large pinch salt], title: Simple Basmati Rice, picturelink: MSkWNbSmfVIRJAfvXQpYl2DnUrWD.uG}}