{16500: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Coat 2 baking sheets with cooking spray. Whisk the flour, ginger and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter, brown sugar and molasses in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to low and gradually beat in the flour mixture until incorporated.nRoll out the dough until 14 inch thick on a lightly floured surface. Cut out cookies with 3inch cookie cutters arrange 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Gather the scraps and reroll to cut out more cookies. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are lightly browned around the edges, 14 to 16 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets.nWhisk the confectioners sugar and lemon juice in a small bowl until smooth and thick. Transfer the icing to a small resealable bag. Snip a small corner and decorate the cookies. Let set 15 minutes.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 234 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon molasses, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Ginger Shortbread Cutouts, picturelink: YWFoAALQKhg6gjFEiRSLvVpM3njYJRW}, 16501: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBechamel sauce:nIn a 2quart pot, melt 5 tablespoons of butter over medium heat. When butter has completely melted, add the flour and whisk until smooth, about 2 minutes. Gradually add the milk, whisking constantly to prevent any lumps from forming. Continue to simmer and whisk over medium heat until the sauce is thick, smooth and creamy, about 10 minutes. The sauce should be thick enough to coat the back of wooden spoon. Remove from heat and add the nutmeg and tomato sauce. Stir until well combined and check for seasoning. Set aside and allow to cool completely.nIn a saute pan, heat extravirgin olive oil. When almost smoking, add the ground beef and season with salt and pepper. Brown meat, breaking any large lumps, until it is no longer pink. Remove from heat and drain any excess fat. Set aside and allow to cool completely.nIn a medium sized bowl, thoroughly mix the ricotta and eggs. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nInto the bottom of a 13 by 9inch baking dish, spread 13 of the bechamel sauce. Arrange the pasta sheets side by side, covering the bottom of the baking dish. Evenly spread a layer of all the ricotta mixture and then a layer of all the spinach. Arrange another layer of pasta sheets and spread all the ground beef on top. Sprinkle 12 the mozzarella cheese on top of the beef. Spread another 13 of the bechamel sauce. Arrange the final layer of pasta sheets and top with remaining bechamel, mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses. Cut the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter into 14inch cubes and top lasagna.nLine a large baking sheet with aluminum foil. Place lasagna dish on top, cover and put on the middle rack of the oven and bake until top is bubbling, about 30 minutes. Remove cover and continue to bake for about 15 minutes.nIn a large casserole pot or Dutch over, heat oil over medium high heat. Add onion and garlic and saute until soft and translucent, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add celery and carrots and season with salt and pepper. Saute until all the vegetables are soft, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add tomatoes and bay leaves and simmer uncovered on low heat for 1 hour or until thick. Remove bay leaves and check for seasoning. If sauce still tastes acidic, add unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon at a time to round out the flavors.nAdd 12 the tomato sauce into the bowl of a food processor. Process until smooth. Continue with remaining tomato sauce.nIf not using all the sauce, allow it to cool completely and pour 1 to 2 cup portions into freezer plastic bags. This will freeze up to 6 months., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 2 tablespoons for the lasagna, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups whole milk at room temperature, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 1 12 cups tomato sauce, recipe follows, Salt and white pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound ground chuck beef, Salt and pepper, 1 12 pounds ricotta cheese, 3 large eggs, 1 pound lasagna sheets, cooked al dente, 2 packages 10 ounces each frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 3 cups shredded mozzarella, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 32ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 2 dried bay leaves, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, optional], title: Classic Italian Lasagna, picturelink: 6UqENxp5bkS0fVkgSMcauv8fgvQD8aa}, 16502: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan, dissolve the cornstarch in the cream stir in sweetened condensed milk and egg yolks. Cook and stir until thick and bubbly. Remove from heat add butter and vanilla. Pour into pastry shell and chill for 2 or more hours. Top with sugar and brown under the broiler. Garnish with sweetened whipped cream around the edge. Refrigerate leftovers., ingredients: [3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 23 cups heavy cream, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 3 egg yolks, beaten, 1 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 9inch pastry shell, baked and cooled, 14 to 13 cup sugar, Sweetened whipped cream, to garnish], title: Creme Brulee Pie, picturelink: null}, 16503: {instructions: In a food processor, combine the Mayonnaise Nouvelle, roasted garlic, fresh garlic, green onion, parsley, oregano, basil, and chives. Process until the garlic and herbs are pureed.nWith the processor on, slowly pour in the buttermilk and season with the salt and pepper. The dressing will be thick and creamy.nThis dressing will keep for 2 to 3 days in an airtight container in the refrigerator.nFirst, make yogurt cheese by draining the yogurt as follows. Line a colander with cheesecloth and place in a bowl. Spoon the yogurt into the colander. Refrigerate and let drain for at least 1 hour. Discard the liquid in the bowl.nIn a food processor, combine the yogurt cheese, tofu, and garlic. Process until the mixture is pureed, about 3 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients. Process again to combine, about 3 minutes. Adjust the seasoning with additional salt or pepper, to taste.nThis dressing will keep for up to 2 weeks in an airtight container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [2 cups Mayonnaise Nouvelle, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon minced roasted garlic, 1 teaspoon minced fresh garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped green onion, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh basil, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh chives, 12 cup lowfat buttermilk, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups plain, fatfree yogurt, 2 cups 16ounces silken tofu, 1 tablespoon minced roasted garlic, 2 tablespoons fine herb vinegar or white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper], title: Ranch Dressing for Tossed Salad, picturelink: null}, 16504: {instructions: Butterfly leg of lamb or have your butcher do it for you. In a nonreactive bowl or pan, cover meat with yogurt, turning to coat evenly. Marinate, covered and refrigerated, for at least 12 hours or overnight. Remove from marinade and pat dry with paper towels.nOn a cutting board cover garlic with salt. Mince and flatten with side of a heavy knife until garlic forms a paste. Scrape into a small bowl and mix well with remaining spices. Rub butterflied leg of lamb with spice mixture. Cover tightly and marinate, refrigerated, at least 8 hours or overnight.nHeat a grill or broiler until very hot. Cook on grill or broiler rack, 10 to 15 minutes each side, for rare to mediumrare meat. Remove lamb to a carving board, cover loosely with foil and let sit 10 minutes before carving into thin slices., ingredients: [1 6 to 8pound whole leg of lamb, 2 cups yogurt, 2 tablespoons finelychopped garlic, 2 tablespoons coarse salt, 1 tablespoon freshlyground pepper, 1 tablespoon dry mustard powder, 1 tablespoon powdered sage, 1 teaspoon ground allspice], title: PastramiStyle Butterflied Leg of Lamb, picturelink: null}, 16505: {instructions: To prepare the Pico de Gallo, place the onion in a small strainer, rinse with hot water, and drain. Transfer to a mixing bowl, add the remaining salsa ingredients, and mix well. Let sit, refrigerated, for at least 30 minutes for the flavors to marry. In a mixing bowl, combine 2 tablespoons of the chipotle puree with the water. Add the shrimp and toss to thoroughly coat. Marinate for 30 minutes to 1 hour in the refrigerator. In a small mixing bowl, stir together the 1 cup of softened butter with the remaining 4 12 tablespoons of chipotle puree use more or less chipotle, to taste. Set aside at room temperature. To prepare the Corn Cakes, thoroughly combine the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and sugar in a mixing bowl. In a separate large mixing bowl, whisk the buttermilk and melted butter together, then whisk in the egg. Gradually add the combined dry ingredients, stirring continuously until thoroughly incorporated. In a food processor, puree 12 cup of the corn kernels and fold into the batter. Then add the whole corn kernels and scallions, and mix together. Add a little more buttermilk if the batter is too thick. Set aside. To cook the shrimp, heat the 3 tablespoons of butter on a griddle or in a skillet. Saute the shrimp for 3 to 5 minutes over medium heat, turning once. Be careful not to overcook. Keep warm. To cook the Corn Cakes, heat a nonstick pan over medium heat and ladle enough Corn Cake batter to make 3inch cakes. Cook until golden brown, about 2 12 minutes per side. Repeat for the remaining cakes there should be enough for 18 cakes. Place 3 warm Corn Cakes on each serving plate. Place 5 shrimp on top of the cakes and spread the warm soft chipotle butter liberally over the shrimp. Spoon the Pico de Gallo next to the Corn Cakes and garnish with the scallions., ingredients: [1 cup Pico de Gallo, recipe follows, 6 12 tablespoons pureed chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, 2 tablespoons water, 30 large shrimp, about 1 12 pounds, peeled and deveined, 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup all purpose flour, 12 cup coarse cornmeal, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 2 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, cooled to room temperature, 1 egg, beaten, 1 cup fresh corn kernels, from 2 small ears, 2 scallions chopped, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 scallions, finely chopped, for garnish, 1 tablespoon finely diced onion, 1 cup diced Roma tomatoes, 1 serrano chile, seeded and minced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon sugar, to taste, 2 tablespoons Mexican beer, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 lime juiced], title: Corn Cakes with Shrimp and Chipotle Butter: Tortillas de Maize, picturelink: null}, 16506: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nMake a lengthwise cut in each date and gently remove the pit, forming a pocket. Fill each date with 12 teaspoon cheese. Cut each piece of bacon in half by width. Take a strip of bacon and wrap it around each date, forming a slight overlap on the bottom cut side up, and place on a rack within a sheet pan. Bake until bacon is crisp and cheese melts, about 25 minutes. Remove from oven and place on a paper towellined plate. Allow to cool slightly and serve., ingredients: [12 Medjool dates, 2 ounces Stilton cheese, crumbled, 6 pieces thickcut smoked bacon], title: StiltonStuffed Dates, picturelink: q4Q7VZGJZpTv9YPYjuNgOv3ISR22YkO}, 16507: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together lemon juice, shallot, olive oil and black pepper in a large baking dish. Add the chicken, turn to coat and marinate in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nPreheat grill to high. Remove chicken from marinade, season with salt on both sides and grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side or until golden brown and just cooked through.nCombine arugula, tomatoes and onions in a large bowl, toss with the vinegar and oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place each paillard on a large plate, drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and top with some of the arugulatomato salad. Garnish with lemon halves., ingredients: [14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 small shallot, chopped, 14 cup pure olive oil, 14 teaspoon coarsely ground fresh black pepper, 4 boneless, skinless, chicken breasts, pounded thinly, Salt, 12 pound arugula, 2 ripe beefsteak tomatoes, diced, 1 small red onion, peeled, halved and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus additional for garnish, Lemon halves, for garnish], title: Grilled Chicken Paillard with Lemon and Black Pepper and ArugulaTomato Salad, picturelink: JRXwTZz4iIm9HnoQRKh0XexE9WnQl2}, 16508: {instructions: Rub inside of fondue pot or heavy small saucepan with garlic. Pour cider into pot. Add 1 tablespoon of lemon juice, the brandy and salt and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Meanwhile, grate the cheese and toss well with the cornstarch in a large bowl. When the cider just begins to simmer, gradually add the cheese a handful at a time, allowing each addition to melt completely before adding the next. Continue adding cheese and stirring until all cheese is incorporated, about 3 minutes. If mixture starts to bubble, reduce heat to low. The mixture is ready when creamy and easily coats the back of a spoon. Stir in curry powder and pepper. If cheese seems stringy, add some or all of the remaining lemon juice. Move fondue pot to alcohol warmer, and keep stirring during service. A variety of breads, from pumpernickel to rye to bagel chunks can be skewered and dipped as can cauliflower, broccoli, mushrooms and potatoes. Soften all vegetables by blanching briefly in boiling water then chilling. Crisp fruits such as apples make great fondue fodder, as do cooked meats and sausages. Even soft pretzels make for good dipping. If any fondue is left over, cover with ice water and refrigerate, pour off water and reheat over low heat., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, halved, 1 12ounce bottle hard apple cider, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon brandy, Pinch kosher salt, 5 ounces 2 cups Gruyere, grated, 5 ounces 2 cups Smoked Gouda, rind removed, grated, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 14 teaspoon curry powder, Several grinds fresh ground black pepper], title: Fondue Vudu, picturelink: null}, 16509: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust, combine crumbs and sugar mix in melted butter. Press into a pie pan. Refrigerate until chilled. For the filling, mix eggs, sugar and juice. Add butter. Cook over boiling water until thick, stirring frequently. Add softened gelatin and zest. Cool slightly, pour into shell., ingredients: [1 to 112 cups Graham cracker crumbs, 12 cups sugar, 6 tablespoons melted butter, 4 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup key lime juice, 12 cup butter cut up, 1 teaspoon gelatin softened, 1 key lime, zested], title: Key Lime Pie, picturelink: CZsROOV01kbo4ePpBf92zB2xbhS5vry}, 16510: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSprinkle the cutlets with salt and pepper all over. Put the flour on a plate and season with salt and pepper. Put the breadcrumbs in a second plate and the beaten eggs in a shallow bowl. Dip the cutlets into the flour, then the eggs and finally into the breadcrumbs, pressing down on both sides so that the breadcrumbs adhere to the meat.nHeat enough oil in a large skillet to come 13inch up the sides of pan until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. Working in two batches, panfry the cutlets until golden, about 2 minutes per side. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to some paper towels to drain.nTo assemble the sandwiches, halve the rolls horizontally. Pull out the soft center of the bread slices and discard. Place the cutlets on the bottom halves of the rolls and top with mayonnaise if using, the lettuce, tomato, avocado, onion and jalapeno. Arrange the sandwiches on serving plates and garnish with lime wedges., ingredients: [Four 4ounce chicken cutlets about 14inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup plain breadcrumbs, 2 large eggs, beaten, Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 bolillo or telera rolls or French bread, Mayonnaise, optional, Twelve 14inch slices avocado, 12 slices pickled jalapeno or 4 canned chipotles in adobo, 12 thin slices white onion, Eight 14inch slices tomato, 4 leaves iceberg lettuce, 8 lime wedges, for garnish], title: Torta Milanesa, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 16511: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the crust: Mold the tart crust into a 9inch pie pan, cover with tin foil and then cover the foil with uncooked beans. Bake until the crust begins to brown, about 20 minutes. Once the crust is browned, remove from the oven and allow to cool. Remove the beans and foil, then spread the butter on the interior of the crust.nFor the filling: Peel, core and slice the apples. Arrange the slices in a ring pattern, starting on the outer edge and going into the center the apples should be arranged to allow for even cooking.nIn a bowl, blend the sugar, melted butter, cinnamon and nutmeg and then pour over the arranged apples.nFor the topping: In a separate bowl, blend by hand the flour, sugar and butter. This should be a crumbly looking mixture.nBake the tart until the apples have softened, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and dollop with the sweet butter topping, then return to the oven until the topping has crusted, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to rest 10 to 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [One 9inch tart crust, storebought or homemade, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 pounds apples, such as Golden Delicious, Granny Smith or Pipen, 14 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons salted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 stick butter, at room temperature, cut into pats], title: Apple Pie, picturelink: ZAZ.Yvt4JOFBZ4woXJc5GMmhCFf0W}, 16512: {instructions: Cut ends off plantains, peel and slice in half lengthwise. Set 2 large nonstick saute pans over mediumhigh heat and add oil and 2 tablespoons butter into each pan. Add plantains and cook for 10 minutes  you dont want to move it too frequently otherwise it wont caramelize as well, flipping halfway. Once you flip the plantains, sprinkle with light brown sugar depending on the ripenesssweetness of the plantains, adjust the sugar amount and salt. The plantains should be nice and golden. Squeeze with fresh lime juice just before serving., ingredients: [4 ripe plantains, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 stick butter, 4 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, Pinch salt, 1 lime, juiced], title: Smashed Caramelized Plantains Platanos al Caldero, picturelink: avbaHwjvdhBTg5JgQyM3gx7H7uvn1ti}, 16513: {instructions: For the steak: Preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the steak on both sides with the garlic powder and salt. Place on the grill pan and cook for 5 to 7 minutes flip and cook for an additional 3 to 5 minutes, until medium rare. Remove to a cutting board and set aside to rest. Slice the steak on the bias.nFor the onion rings: Fit a heavybottomed pot with a deepfrying thermometer and fill with 2 to 3 inches of oil. Heat the oil to 365 degrees F. Meanwhile, prepare one bowl with buttermilk and a second with flour, salt and cayenne. In batches, place the cut onion rings into the buttermilk and then into the flour repeat one more time. Carefully place the dipped rings into the preheated oil, being sure not to overcrowd the pan. Once golden on one side, flip to the other side and fry until golden brown all around. Remove with a slotted spoon to a papertowellined plate. Season with salt.nFor the mustard cheese sauce: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan. Add the flour and whisk together completely to make a roux. Whisking continuously, gradually add the cold milk until completely combined and the sauce starts to thicken into a bechamel. Add the fontina, Tabasco and Dijon and wholegrain mustards. Season to taste, then remove from the heat.nTo assemble the sandwich: Smear the cheese sauce on each side of the bread, top with sliced fontina, banana peppers, steak and arugula. Serve the onion rings on the side., ingredients: [One 6ounce strip steak, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon salt, Canola oil, for frying, 2 large onions, cut into 34inchthick rings, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, Pinch cayenne, 1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 quart whole milk, cold, 12 ounces fontina cheese, grated, 2 shots Tabasco sauce, 1 12 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 12 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 seeded semolina roll, cut in half, 8 ounces fontina cheese, sliced, Jarred sliced banana peppers, Handful of arugula], title: Steak Sandwich with Onion Rings and Cheese Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16514: {instructions: In a 10 to 12 inch saute pan with cover, heat the oil over medium high heat, and when it is hot, brown the chicken on the skin side first, then the underside. Do not crowd the pan. Brown the chicken in batches if necessary, setting aside the browned chicken on a plate until the rest is done.nWhen the first few pieces of chicken are almost browned and still in the pan, add the onion red pepper, saute until tender.nArrange all the browned chicken in the pan, skin side up, and add the white wine. Season with salt and hot pepper flakes, then let the wine cook until it has almost entirely evaporated, just a couple of minutes. While it is reducing, turn the chicken in the liquid once or twice, but leave it skin side up at the end.nAdd the tomatoes. Cover the pan, lower the heat, and let cook at a gentle simmer, without turning, for about 30 minutes, or until the chicken is done.nRemove the chicken to a serving platter, add the basil to the pan and increase the heat to high, letting the sauce reduce for about 2 minutes. In the end, the sauce will be creamy pink.nPour the sauce over the chicken or use it to dress pasta reserving some for the chicken and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1, 3 to 3 12 pound chicken, cut into 8 serving pieces 2 wings, 2 legs, 2 thighs, and each breast cut in half crosswise, 1 medium onion, peeled, halved, and thinly sliced, 1 large red pepper, sliced into 12inch strips, 12 cup dry white wine, 34 teaspoon salt, Big pinch hot red pepper flakes, 2 cups canned plum tomatoes, well drained and coarsely chopped, 13 cup torn basil leaves], title: Sophia Lorens Chicken Cacciatora, picturelink: null}, 16515: {instructions: In a large bowl, beat eggs, milk and Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper. Add leftover spaghetti and combine well.nIn a large 10inch nonstick skillet, heat extravirgin olive oil over medium heat. Add spaghetti and egg mixture, spreading evenly and pressing down in pan. Cook until golden brown, about 8 minutes. Carefully invert onto plate, add a little more oil to the pan, and slide mixure back into skillet and cook the other side for 6 minutes. Turn out onto serving platter and cut into wedges and serve warm.nIn a large pot, bring 6 quarts of salted water to a boil. When water comes to a boil, add pasta, stirring constantly for the first minute to help prevent spaghetti from sticking together. Cook until al dente, about 8 to 10 minutes.nIn a large saute pan, heat oil. When almost smoking, add olives and red pepper flakes. Saute for 3 minutes over medium high heat. Reduce heat to low and carefully pour in tomato sauce and simmer for 10 minutes.nDrain pasta in a colander, reserving 14 cup pasta water. Add pasta to the sauce and toss to coat completely. Add pasta water if you need to thin out the sauce a bit. Plate pasta and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and basil.nIn a large casserole pot, heat oil over medium high heat. Add onion and garlic and saute until soft and translucent, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add celery and carrots and season with salt and pepper. Saute until all the vegetables are soft, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add tomatoes and bay leaves and simmer uncovered on low heat for 1 hour or until thick. Remove bay leaves and check for seasoning. If sauce still tastes acidic, add unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon at a time to round out the flavors.nAdd 12 the tomato sauce into the bowl of a food processor. Process until smooth. Continue with remaining tomato sauce.nIf not using all the sauce, allow it to cool completely and pour 1 to 2 cup portions into freezer plastic bags. This will freeze up to 6 months., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 14 cup whole milk, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnishing, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups leftover spaghetti with olives and tomato sauce, recipe follows, 1 pound dried spaghetti, 14 cup olive oil, 1 14 cups mixed olives, pitted and halved, 12 tablespoon red pepper flakes, plus more if desired, 3 cups tomato sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup basil leaves, shredded, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 32ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 2 dried bay leaves, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, optional], title: Pizza di Spaghetti, picturelink: a5RcKaTw6NI5kz0l2FsWru1R9kodaW}, 16516: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing a knife, carefully butterfly each chicken breast 34 of the way through. Place chicken breast between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and using a meat mallet, rolling pin or heavy bottomed pan pound each breast to 14inch thickness. Repeat with remaining chicken breasts.nLay chicken breasts flat on a cutting board and sprinkle with seasoned salt and Italian seasoning. Place 3 to 4 strips each of the string beans, carrots and red pepper leaving 12inch on the side furthest from you. Sprinkle each with 2 tablespoons cheese. Roll chicken breast up and place seam side down in a medium skillet.nPour marinara sauce over chicken and place in oven. Bake 30 minutes basting with the marinara sauce halfway through cooking.nRemove breasts from pan. To serve slice each breast into 4 or 5 slices and fan on the plate with additional marinara sauce on the side., ingredients: [4 chicken breast halves, 1 teaspoon seasoned salt, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 8 to 10 string beans, 1 small carrot, julienned or 1 cup shredded carrots, 1 red pepper, julienned, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, 2 cups jarred marinara sauce], title: Rainbow Chicken Roll, picturelink: 5L.wuzRREstnvN4raIBdhbT2R9033Ze}, 16517: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saute pan heat 3 tablespoons oil. Add the red onion, ginger, and garlic and saute for 3 minutes. Then add the shrimp, cook for 2 minutes, and then add the bok choy, cabbage, bell peppers. Cook for another 5 minutes to wilt. Deglaze with mirin. Toss in sesame oil, soy sauce, black pepper, salt and green onions. Let mixture cool in a bowl.nPreheat Dutch oven with oil to 350 degrees F. Mix tempura batter with ice cold water. pancake batter consistencynHollow out 2 tablespoons of avocado from center, add 18th of cooled shrimp mixture to cavity of avocado, mixture should sit in avocado securely with only 12 to 14 of mixture standing out of avocado. Firmly press the mixture into the avocado. Holding the avocado with shrimp mixture, dip entire unit into batter and gently lower into the oil. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until golden brown. When cooked, remove and let drain on paper towels, serve hot.nDrizzle with sweet chili sauce, and sprinkle with black sesame seeds., ingredients: [4 cups rice bran oil, or canola oil, 12 red onion, diced, 3 tablespoons minced ginger, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 34 pound shrimp, shelled, deveined, cut 12inch pieces, 34 cup thinly sliced bok choy, 1 cup thinly sliced napa cabbage, 12 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons mirin, or white wine, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup diced green onions, 2 cups tempura batter, 4 avocados, large, seeded, skinned, 12 cup sweet chili sauce mai ploy, 2 tablespoons black sesame seeds], title: Tempura Avocado with Shrimp, picturelink: ppMpLGlbWMXV20vvSNxWb3RcLsd0Jy}, 16518: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pork:nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSeason the pork butt with salt, pepper and the smoked paprika.nAdd the meat to a small Dutch oven along with the BBQ sauce, apple juice, vinegar, hot sauce, Worcestershire and soy sauce. Cover the pot tightly with its lid and put it in the oven until the pork is extremely tender, about 2 hours. Remove the pan from the oven and let it cool slightly before shredding. Shred the meat in the Dutch oven, using 2 forks, so the meat can absorb more of the flavors of the cooking liquid. Let cool.nFor the dipping sauce: While the pork cooks, mix all the dipping sauce ingredients together in a small bowl. The sauce can be stored in the refrigerator for up to 3 days in a tightly covered container.nFor the egg rolls:nIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough peanut oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F.nBeat the egg and water together in a small bowl. Reserve.nUnwrap the egg roll wrappers. Brush the edges with the egg wash and set them on your work surface with the triangle edges pointing towards you. Divide some of the pork among the lower third of the wrappers. Top the pork evenly with the coleslaw. Fold the bottom portion of the wrapper over the filling. Fold both the edges inwards and roll the wrapper up completely. Press on the open flaps to firmly secure the rolls, then set them aside, seam side down.nAdd the egg rolls, in batches, to the deepfryer and fry, flipping with tongs, until they are crisp and golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove them from deepfryer and let drain on a paper towellined sheet tray. Transfer the rolls to a serving platter and serve hot along with the peach dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 2pound pork butt, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 12 cup Neelys BBQ sauce, plus more for drizzling and serving, 12 cup apple juice, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 dash hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 dash Worcestershire sauce, 1 dash soy sauce, 34 cup peach preserves, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Peanut oil, for frying, 1 egg, beaten, for egg wash, 1 tablespoon water, 10 egg roll wrappers, 1 pint coleslaw recommended: Neelys Sweet and Spicy Coleslaw], title: Neelys BBQ Pulled Pork Egg Rolls, picturelink: yO5uOQizJwJ27QtqcsAPOgsIBA9HBc.}, 16519: {instructions: For the ham hock gravy: Combine the ham hocks, corn and ice water in a pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook for 3 12 hours. Add the celery, carrots and onions, and cook for another 30 minutes.nStrain the stock, reserving the ham hocks. When cool enough to handle, pick the meat off of the ham hocks.nIn a 4quart pot, melt the butter and stir in the flour. Cook the roux for 2 minutes, then stir in 2 quarts of the ham hock broth, followed by half of the picked ham hock meat. Simmer the gravy for 15 to 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Reserve 8 cups of the ham hock broth and half of the picked ham hock meat for the collard greens.nFor the collard greens: Melt the butter in a large pot. Add the onions and garlic, and saute for 3 to 4 minutes to sweat the onions. Add the chile flakes and saute 1 minute. Add the collard greens and ham hock meat, and stir to wilt the collards. Add the cider vinegar, apple juice and 8 cups of the ham hock broth. Bring to a simmer, cover the pot, and simmer until the greens are tender, 1 hour. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the roasted sweet potatoes: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nToss the diced sweet potatoes in a bowl with the grapeseed oil, salt and pepper.nSpread the sweet potatoes out on a baking sheet and roast in the oven until tender and browned, 15 to 20 minutes.nTransfer the sweet potatoes to a saute pan. Add the molasses, chili powder and cayenne. Saute over high heat, tossing to coat the sweet potatoes. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the pork chops: Preheat a grill or grill pan to high.nSprinkle the pork chops with the salt and pepper. Grill until cooked through and nicely marked, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove the chops from the grill and plate immediately.nFor plating: Divide the sweet potatoes between six plates. Using a slotted spoon, strain the collard greens and plate them next to the sweet potatoes. Shingle the pork chops over one side of the sides. Smother with ham hock gravy. Serve., ingredients: [2 smoked ham hocks, 3 ears corn, 1 onion, diced, 1 carrot, diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 gallon ice water, 4 ounces butter, 4 ounces allpurpose flour, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 yellow onion, sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon red chile flakes, 2 pounds collard greens, tough ribs removed, leaves cut into 1inch ribbons, Picked meat from 1 ham hock, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 cups apple juice, 8 cups ham hock broth, Kosher salt and black pepper, 2 pounds sweet potatoes, diced, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus for seasoning, 1 teaspoon black pepper, plus for seasoning, 2 tablespoons molasses, 12 teaspoon dark chili powder, Pinch cayenne, Twelve 4ounce boneless pork chops, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper], title: Smothered Pork Chops, picturelink: AiO5HIUGOm2hXt036yywuBjTAd.ex1m}, 16520: {instructions: In a large stockpot on mediumhigh heat, saute the onions with the butter and bay leaf for 20 minutes, until the onions turn a rich golden brown color. Deglaze the pan with the sherry and brandy and simmer uncovered for 5 minutes. Add the white wine and simmer uncovered for 15 more minutes.nAdd the beef and veal stocks plus salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then simmer uncovered for 20 minutes. Remove the bay leaf, taste for salt and pepper, and serve hot with grated Parmesan., ingredients: [2 12 pounds yellow onions, halved, and sliced 14inch thick 8 cups, 14 pound unsalted butter, 1 bay leaf, 12 cup mediumdry sherry, 12 cup brandy or Cognac, 1 12 cups good dry white wine, 4 cups beef stock, 4 cups veal stock, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, Freshly grated Parmesan], title: French Onion Soup, picturelink: Z5s0mFW8EbFejZeq5VBhJ7ZEbrju.a}, 16521: {instructions: Special equipment: Candy thermometernLine an 8 by 4inch loaf pan with waxed paper or aluminum foil. Brush the sides, but not the bottom lightly with butter and sprinkle the pumpkin seeds in the bottom.nWhisk the maple syrup, brown sugar, cream, corn syrup, pie spice, lemon juice, and salt together in a heavybottomed medium saucepan. Brush down the sides on the saucepan with water to remove every grain of sugar. Set the candy thermometer into the sugar. Cook the mixture over medium heat, without stirring, until the mixture reaches the firm ball stage, 248 degrees F, about 18 to 20 minutes.nCarefully stir in the pumpkin puree. Return to the heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the caramel reaches the soft ball stage, 240 degrees F, about 15 minutes more. Remove from the heat and stir in butter and vanilla.nPour the caramel over the pumpkin seeds in the prepared pan. Smooth to an even layer. Cool to room temperature.nWhen fully cooled peel from the waxed paper or foil and cut into 24 1inch squares. Wrap individually in parchment or waxed paper and store in an airtight container for up to a week., ingredients: [12 cup toasted pumpkin seeds or sunflower seeds, 1 cup maple syrup, 34 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup dark corn syrup, 1 teaspoon pumpkin or apple pie spice, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 23 cup canned pumpkin puree, room temperature, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Pumpkin Caramels, picturelink: 49GVSrX912HlHwilKb2fNz4ouqNeDB.}, 16522: {instructions: Heat the grill to high for direct grilling.nStir together the vinegar, lime juice, honey, onions, jalapeno, chopped herbs and some salt and pepper in a small bowl. Let sit at room temperature for at least 10 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.nRemove the tops of the oysters over a bowl, catching any of the oyster liquor that comes out. Add the liquid back to the bottom shell with the oyster. Put on the grill and grill until the liquid just begins to simmer but the oysters are still a little raw in the center, about 4 minutes. Carefully remove with tongs to a platter and top each oyster with a teaspoon of the mignonette., ingredients: [13 cup rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 20 oysters, scrubbed, 1 teaspoon clover honey, 2 tablespoons finely diced red onion, 1 small jalapeno or serrano chile, seeded and finely diced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh tarragon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Oysters with JalapenoHerb Mignonette, picturelink: 8FhxDWaIq7Fs7KFlOHbjsssUu0oBG}, 16523: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Adjust the oven racks to the top and bottom positions.nPlace the potatoes on a sheet pan, pour 34 cup water over the potatoes and cover tightly with foil. Bake on the bottom rack until tender, about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven, drain any remaining water and let rest 8 minutes.nDrizzle 3 tablespoons oil over the potatoes, making sure they are evenly coasted. Space the potatoes evenly on the sheet pan and, using a potato masher, flatten the potatoes to about 12 inch thick about 12 the length of your thumb to the first joint. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Drizzle the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil over the potatoes and roast on the top rack for 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with the cheese. Roast on the bottom rack until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and top with the sour cream and scallions. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound small red bliss potatoes, 6 tablespoons garlicinfused olive oil, divided, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup finely grated ParmigianoReggiano, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup sliced scallions], title: Roasted, Smashed and Loaded Potatoes, picturelink: KrE7r0KsYIfiVAWEfE9ohvUbzdIlUsO}, 16524: {instructions: Prepare the pie crust: In a bowl, combine the flour, lard, butter and salt. Mix lightly with your fingers until the mixture forms peasized pieces. Using a fork, stir in the ice water, a little at a time, until a dough forms, and then knead lightly until it comes together in a ball. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough into a round about 12inches in diameter and 14 inch thick. Drape the round over the rolling pin and transfer to a 9 inch or 10 inch glass or ceramic pie plate. Ease the pastry into the pie plate, pressing it gently against the bottom and sides. Trim the edges, leaving a generous 12 inch overhang. Fold the overhang under, then crimp the edges. Cover and chill for 30 to 60 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prick the bottom and sides of the pastry with a fork. Line the pastry with parchment paper or waxed paper and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until lightly browned, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from oven and remove the weights and paper. Transfer the pie shell to a rack and cool completely.nFilling: In a food processor fitted with the metal blade, combine the lime juice, green food coloring, cream cheese and condensed milk. Process until smooth, scraping down the sides of the work bowl often. Add the lime zest and process to mix thoroughly. Pour into the pie shell and place in the refrigerator.nIn a bowl, using a whisk, beat the crema and powdered sugar until soft peaks form. Using a rubber spatula, spread the mixture over the top of the pie, creating peaks evenly over the surface. Garnish with the lime slices. Cover and chill for 4 to 6 hours or overnight before serving., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup lard, chilled, 2 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled, 12 teaspoon salt, 13 cup ice water, 34 cup fresh lime juice, Drop of green food coloring, 1 pound cream cheese, room temperature, 1 can sweetened condensed milk, Grated zest of 1 lime, 1 cup crema or creme fraiche, 14 cup powdered sugar, 1 lime, thinly sliced, for garnish], title: Lime Pie, picturelink: null}, 16525: {instructions: In a small bowl combine lamb with baking soda and 14 cup cold water. Mix well and soak 5 hours.nRinse lamb slices and dry well on paper towels. In a small bowl mix together egg white, salt, cornstarch, 1 teaspoon of the garlic, peanut oil, and 1 tablespoon of the Shao Hsing. Add lamb and toss to coat with marinade.nIn another small bowl combine brown bean sauce, remaining 3 tablespoons Shao Hsing, sugar, monosodium glutamate, stock, vinegar and sesame oil. In a cup mix cornstarch with a little cold water to consistency of heavy cream and whisk into bean sauce. Set aside.nIn first wok heat 4 cups oil over high heat to 375 degrees. Drain lamb, pat dry and deepfry 1 minute, turning pieces several times with a metal spoon. Use a slotted spoon to remove lamb to paper towels. Return lamb to oil and deepfry 1 minute more remove and drain again. Return lamb a third time and deepfry 30 seconds more remove and drain on clean paper towels.nIn second wok heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil over high heat. Add leek, remaining garlic and chili peppers to taste stirfry 30 seconds. Add mushrooms and lamb and mix well. Stir reserved bean sauce mixture and add to wok, tossing to combine. Bring liquids to a boil and remove from heat as soon as sauce begins to thicken. Serve immediately with rice., ingredients: [6 ounces lamb fillet, cut in broad slices, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 small egg white, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon peanut oil, 4 tablespoons Shao Hsing Chinese rice wine, 1 tablespoon brown bean sauce, mashed, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon monosodium glutamate, 3 tablespoons meat stock, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 4 cups vegetable oil, for deep frying, plus 1 tablespoon for stirfrying, 1 large leek, white and part of green thinly sliced, 1 to 3 dried red chili peppers, 12 cup dried black Chinese mushrooms, soaked 15 minutes in 1 cup boiling water, drained], title: Peking Lamb with Leeks, picturelink: null}, 16526: {instructions: In a large pitcher, combine all ingredients and stir. Serve chilled in highball glasses., ingredients: [12 cup passion fruit syrup recommended: Torani, 12 cup peach nectar recommended: Kerns, 1 liter orange flavored seltzer water, Ice cubes, 1 cup light rum, optional recommended: Bacardi], title: Passion Fruit Cooler Nonalcoholic, picturelink: UoQ9GLIkntcmLMaC9IRM7yI7VhC1msK}, 16527: {instructions: Place the tomatillos, poblanos and scallions on a rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle with vegetable oil and season with salt and pepper. Place under the broiler and cook until well charred, turning once, about 5 minutes per side. When cool enough to handle, remove the skin from the poblanos.nAdd the charred vegetables to a food processor along with the tequila, chili powder, lime juice, 12 teaspoon salt and a pinch of black pepper. Pulse until smooth but still slightly chunky. Remove to a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour or overnight. Serve with tortilla chips.nCopyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reservednFrom Food Network Kitchens, ingredients: [6 tomatillos, husks removed and halved, 2 poblano chiles, halved and seeded, 1 bunch scallions, trimmed, Vegetable oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup tequila, 12 teaspoon chili powder, Juice of 1 lime, Tortilla chips, for serving], title: Charred Tomatillo Margarita Salsa, picturelink: qaIGbMsSdQy4eVkETTZc2b2eo7h1ka}, 16528: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the soy sauce, chives, honey, curry powder and garlic to a small pot. Heat over low heat just to a simmer. Remove from the heat and chill in an ice bath.nCombine the cooled marinade and the shrimp in a large bowl and toss to coat. Cover and let marinate for at least 10 minutes or up to 1 hour.nStrain the shrimp and discard the marinade. Heat a large skillet over high heat. Once the skillet is superhot, add the canola oil and then the shrimp cook until the shrimp are pink and nicelybrowned at the edges, 2 to 3 minutes per side.nTransfer the shrimp to a serving dish and garnish with cilantro if desired. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 12 pounds extralarge shrimp, deveined, tail on, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish, optional], title: Viviens Favorite Shrimp, picturelink: tc41ifR1vxusqznCSYLd38moW4rEtG}, 16529: {instructions: Serving suggestion: dill pickle spearsnPlace the head of cabbage in a large microwavesafe bowl, and microwave for about 4 minutes, until the outer leaves begin to loosen.nOnce cool enough to handle, remove the cabbage from the bowl. Gently remove 2 whole outer leaves from the cabbage, and place them back in the bowl. Reserve the rest of the cabbage for another use.nAdd 2 tablespoons of water to the bowl with the cabbage leaves. Cover and microwave for about 2 minutes, until leaves are very soft.nMeanwhile, spray a skillet with nonstick spray and bring to medium heat on the stove. Add the burger patty and onion slice and cook for about 4 minutes per side, until cooked through.nTop one cabbage leaf with the burger patty, followed by a tomato slice, the onion, and the remaining tomato slice. If you like, top with ketchup and mustard. Gently top with the other leaf. Serve with pickles, if you want, and chew, ingredients: [1 head green cabbage you wont use it all, carefully cored with a knife, 1 frozen meatless hamburgerstyle patty with about 100 calories, 1 slice onion, 2 slices tomato, Ketchup, optional, as a topping, Mustard, optional, as a topping], title: Bonus Recipe: Ginormous CabbageWrapped Burger Stack, picturelink: iQvb.Hxsydx5WiF0OJleyeo4AkA4RO2}, 16530: {instructions: Peel and quarter the potatoes, and store in water as you peel. Place potatoes in a pot and cover with cold, salted, water and simmer until tender. Do not over, or under, cook. Drain potatoes, put them on a sheetpan, and place in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 10 minutes, to dry the potatoes out a bit. Heat oil in a saute pan and saute the garlic until nicely browned. Place potatoes in mixer, with sauted garlic, and whip until smooth. Do not overmix. Adjust seasoning to taste., ingredients: [12 pounds 80count baking potatoes, like Idahos, 1 14 cups pomace oil, 4 ounces peeled garlic, 24 ounces halfandhalf, Salt and pepper], title: Garlicky Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 16531: {instructions: Scrape or peel horseradish roots, then grate on a fine grater. Grate beets or put into a blender. Combine horseradish and beets mix in salt, sugar and vinegar put into jars., ingredients: [1 pound horseradish roots, 3 or 4 fresh beets, cooked or canned whole beets, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 ounces vinegar], title: Hren: Horseradish, picturelink: null}, 16532: {instructions: Special equipment: an electric mixer, 3 disposable pastry bags, a 58inch plain pastry tip and a pastry brushnFor the pastry cream: Soak the gelatin sheets in 2 cups of water until soft.nCombine the egg yolks, sugar and 12 cup of the heavy cream in a medium saucepan. Bring to a rolling boil, constantly stirring so the yolks do not cook. Remove from the heat, add the gelatin and stir until dissolved. Let cool to room temperature.nAdd the remaining 12 cup heavy cream to the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment and whip to soft peaks. Gently mix into the cooled yolk mixture and chill overnight.nFor the pate a choux: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F and line 2 large baking sheets with parchment.nBring the butter, sugar, salt and 1 cup of water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Remove from the heat. Quickly stir in the flour with a wooden spoon. Return to mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture pulls away from the sides and a film forms on the bottom of the pan, about 3 minutes.nTransfer the mixture to the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix on low speed until slightly cooled, about 1 minute. Increase the speed to medium and add the 4 whole eggs, 1 at a time, until a soft peak forms when the batter is touched with your finger. If a peak does not form after the 4 eggs, lightly beat the remaining egg white and mix it into the batter a little at a time until it does.nTransfer the pate a choux to a pastry bag fitted with a 58inch plain tip. Pipe the dough into 2inch rounds about 1 inch apart onto the prepared baking sheets. Gently smooth the pointed peaks with a moistened finger, rounding the tops to ensure even rising. Bake until puffed and golden brown, about 25 minutes. The profiteroles should feel light and airy. Transfer them to wire racks to cool completely.nFor the apple jam: Bring the sugar and 3 tablespoons of water to a boil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Continue to cook, swirling the pan occasionally and brushing down the sides of the pan with a wet pastry brush, until the mixture turns a deep amber color, about 4 minutes. Add the apples, vanilla bean and scraped seeds, if using, and stir to coat. Some of the caramel will seize, but thatu00bfs okay because itu00bfs just going to melt down again. Reduce the heat to medium and stir occasionally to help the apples cook evenly and dissolve any pieces of caramel.nContinue to cook until the apples are translucent and softened some apples will hold their shape, but should still be softened, and most of the liquid has evaporated, 20 to 25 minutes. Add the lemon juice and stir to combine. If desired, break up any remaining larger pieces of apple with a wooden spoon for a smoother consistency. Discard the vanilla bean and store the apple jam in a glass jar or container in the refrigerator for up to one month.nTo serve: Transfer the pastry cream and apple jam to 2 separate pastry bags. Snip off the ends and pipe equal parts pastry cream and apple jam into each profiterole., ingredients: [2 gelatin sheets also called leaf gelatin, 4 large egg yolks, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 4 large eggs, plus 1 large egg white, if needed, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 pounds apples preferably of mixed variety, peeled, cored and cut into 34inch chunks, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped, optional, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Cream Puffs, picturelink: null}, 16533: {instructions: To make the cupcakes:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 1 12cup muffin pan with paper cupcake liners.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder, and 14 teaspoon salt.nIn a large bowl, beat the butter and the sugar together until light and fluffy.nSlowly beat in the eggs, 1 at a time. Mix together the milk, coffee, and vanilla in a measuring cup. Add 12 the dry ingredients to the butter mixture, beat to combine, then add the milk coffee mixture and continue to beat, then add the remaining dry mixture. The mixture will look thick and airy.nUsing an ice cream scoop, fill each cupcake liner 34 way full. Bake until a toothpick, inserted in the middle of the cupcake, comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Remove the cupcakes from the oven to a wire rack and let cool before frosting.nTo make the frosting: Bring the heavy whipping cream to a gentle simmer. Add the chopped chocolate to a bowl with the butter and pour the hot cream over. Whisk the mixture until melted and smooth. Let it sit for 5 to 8 minutes until it thickens up.nFrost the cupcakes with the chocolate frosting using an offset spatula. Top each with a raspberry., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Fine salt, 1 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 14 cup coffee, at room temperature, 14 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Raspberries, for garnish], title: Devils Food Cupcakes, picturelink: q1Vm0zMNVGrh1ua0wNxrSSuJe8rATLe}, 16534: {instructions: Special equipment: Small Mixing Bowl Large Mixing Bowl Food Processor Knife for slicing vegetables Cutting Board Basting Brush Measuring Spoons Measuring Cups Mixing Spoon Spatula Bread KnifenHeat grill.nMayonnaise: Stir water into the wasabi powder in a small bowl and let stand for 5 minutes. Stir in mayonnaise.nBurgers: Using your hands, gently mix turkey with scallions, soy sauce, mirin, sesame oil and 1 teaspoon of the salt in a large bowl. Divide turkey mixture into 6 equal portions, then into balls by gently tossing from hand to hand. Shape into 6 loosely packed 1in. thick patties. Press the center of each patty so it is slightly thinner than the edges. Brush with oil and season the outside with salt and black pepper to taste.nGrill burgers, turning once, until cooked through, about 14 minutes total. Set burgers aside to rest while grilling the buns until lightly toasted. Season the avocado and tomato with salt to taste. Serve the burgers on the buns with the wasabi mayonnaise, avocado, tomato, sprouts and pickled ginger., ingredients: [2 14 pounds ground turkey, 6 scallions white and green parts, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon mirin, 1 12 teaspoons dark sesame oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning, Vegetable oil, for brushing, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 sesame seed hamburger buns, 1 12 ripe Hass avocados, halved, pitted and thinly sliced, 6 slices ripe tomato, 1 12 cups alfalfa sprouts, 13 cup pickled ginger, 4 teaspoons water, 4 teaspoons wasabi powder, 12 cup mayonnaise], title: Turkey Burger with Wasabi Mayo, picturelink: null}, 16535: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill for direct grilling, high heat.nCombine the beer, caraway, coriander, mustard seeds, onions, garlic and ginger in a large stockpot. Then, add the bratwurst. Place the pot on the grates of the grill and bring to a simmer. Simmer the sausages until halfcooked, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the grill and let the bratwurst sit in the liquid for 30 minutes. Transfer the brats to a platter or cutting board and strain the liquid into a bowl, discard the solids.nBrush the sausages with canola oil and grill until the casings are crisp and golden brown and the sausages are cooked through, 4 to 6 minutes per side. Keep warm until serving., ingredients: [6 cups German light ale, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 3 large onions, unpeeled, roughly chopped, 2 whole cloves garlic, smashed, One 3inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 3 pounds precooked bratwurst, pricked with a fork, 2 tablespoons canola oil], title: BeerSimmered Bratwurst, picturelink: 4Nyo7JOPgjUuhkKXAcRlLrC7UImHfYm}, 16536: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until it is tender but still firm to the bite, about 8 to 10 minutes or follow package directions. Meanwhile, if you are using fresh garlic, peel and mince it. Drain the clams. If you are using parsley, rinse, pat it dry, and mince it. About 3 minutes before the pasta is done, heat oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook until you get a whiff of its aroma, about 30 seconds. Stir in the clams and cook until they are heated through, about 1 minute. Add the white wine and simmer until some has evaporated, about 1 minute. Stir in the red pepper flakes or cayenne, add 12 cup of the pasta cooking water this will create a more fluid sauce, and remove the skillet from heat. Drain the pasta in a colander and then return to the pot, off the heat. Add the clam sauce, and the parsley, if you are using it mix thoroughly. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Salt for the pasta water, 34 pound linguine, 2 teaspoons garlic paste, or 1 clove fresh garlic, 2 cans 6 12 ounces each minced or chopped clams, 12 cup packed fresh parsley leavesoptional, 13 cup olive oil, 14 cup dry white wine or chicken broth, 12 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, or 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Linguine with Garlicky Clams, picturelink: null}, 16537: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a bowl whisk cream cheese until smooth and whisk in eggs, sugar and vanilla. Evenly spread preserves over hot shortbread and pour creamcheese mixture over it. Bake in middle of oven until slightly puffed, about 30 minutes. Cool completely in pan and cut into 24 bars. Bar cookies keep, covered and chilled, for 3 days.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees.nCut butter into 12inch pieces. In a food processor, process all ingredients until mixture begins to form small lumps. Sprinkle mixture into a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking pan with a metal spatula, pressing evenly onto bottom. Bake shortbread in middle of oven until golden, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [16 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 34 cup blueberry or other fruit preserves, Hot shortbread base see below, Shortbread base, 1 12 sticks 34 cup unsalted butter, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Blueberry Cheesecake Bars, picturelink: null}, 16538: {instructions: Heat your grill to high. Brush bell peppers with 2 tablespoons of the oil and season with 12 teaspoon of salt and 12 teaspoon of pepper grill the peppers until charred on all sides. Remove from the grill, place in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let sit for 10 minutes. Remove the skin from the peppers, brush them with the remaining oil and season with salt and pepper, and place back on the grill and cook until slightly charred on all sides.nSlice peppers into quarters or to fit over bread slices. Place a slice of mozzarella over each pepper and drizzle with the CaperBasil Vinaigrette. Garnish with fresh basil leaves and serve at room temperature.nWhisk together the vinegar, mustard, garlic, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified. Stir in the capers and basil., ingredients: [3 red bell peppers, 3 yellow bell peppers, 3 orange bell peppers, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Italian or French bread, thinly sliced and grilled, 1 pound buffalo mozzarella, cut into 14inch thick slices, Fresh basil leaves, for garnish, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup pure olive oil, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Twice Grilled Peppers with Buffalo Mozzarella and CaperBasil Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 16539: {instructions: Sift together flour and cornstarch. In a large mixing bowl whip together eggs, egg whites, and milk. Add all other ingredients and mix well. Season with salt and white pepper.nHeat a deep pot halfway filled with peanut oil to 350 degrees F. Using a small scoop 1 ounce place batter in oil and fry until golden brown.nRemove from oil and place on paper towel to drain excess oil. Serve with favorite sauce., ingredients: [8 ounces allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 3 eggs, 3 egg whites, 14 cup milk, 2 ounces red pepper, finely diced, 2 ounces green pepper, finely diced, 2 ounces yellow pepper, finely diced, 2 ounces red onion, finely diced, 2 ounces cilantro, leaves chopped, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 pound conch meat, diced small, Peanut oil, for frying], title: Conch Fritters, picturelink: null}, 16540: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSift the powdered sugar and almond flour together.nUsing a hand mixer, whip the egg whites on low speed until frothy. Gradually add the sugar, and then whip on high speed until stiff peaks form. The egg whites should be glossy and thick.nFold half of the almond mixture into the egg whites and then add the rest. Fold the mixture 15 to 20 times the batter will be thick and fall slowly when dripped from the spatula.nPipe 1inch circles onto baking sheets lined with silicon mats or parchment paper. Let rest until a skin forms on top and is dry to the touch, 15 to 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBake for 10 to 12 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through the baking time. If you are baking two sheets at a time, the bottom and top sheets should be rotated to prevent over browning on the bottom. If only baking one sheet at a time, bake on the bottom rack first for 5 minutes with an empty sheet on top. After 5 minutes, rotate the sheet and move the bottom sheet to the top and the top sheet to the bottom.nYou will know the macarons are done when you can touch them and the top of the macaron is set does not slide around under your finger. The macarons must be set before you take them out of the oven. If the macaron tops slide, put them back in the oven on the middle rack for another 2 minutes.nLet them cool for about 10 minutes on the baking sheet and then take them off. Fill as desired with your favorite chocolate ganache, jams, or whatever creative fillings you can think of, ingredients: [1 13 cups powdered sugar, 23 cups almond flour, 3 egg whites, at room temperature, 14 cup sugar, Chocolate ganache, for filling, Jam, for filling], title: Macarons, picturelink: .UlxaHH6SLasoWnrYo7QnMuUOkZf0UG}, 16541: {instructions: Prick the lemon in 3 or 4 places with a fork and place in a small pot with 1 teaspoon of salt and cover with water. Bring to a boil, cover and simmer for about 50 minutes or until the lemon is very tender. Drain and set aside to cool.nIn the meantime, mix the saffron, mint, garlic, 1 tablespoon of lemon juice, 1 tablespoon of olive oil and 14 teaspoon of salt in a small bowl. Pour the marinade into a sealable plastic bag, add the chicken and let it marinate while you prepare the other ingredients.nSteam the green beans for 4 minutes and set aside to cool. Cut into 12inch pieces.nPreheat a large skillet or grill pan which has been sprayed with cooking spray. Cook the chicken for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, or until cooked through. Set aside to cool. Cut into bitesized chunks.nSlice the ends off of the lemon and slice it in half lengthwise. Scoop out the pulp. Slice the peel thinly and then again into 14inch pieces.nIn a large bowl, combine the chicken, lemon, green beans and thyme. In a small bowl combine the rest of the lemon juice and the honey, whisk in the remainder of the olive oil, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the dressing over the salad and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 lemon, preferably unwaxed, 1 14 teaspoons salt, plus more to taste, divided, Pinch saffron, 2 tablespoons finely chopped mint leaves, 1 clove garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, divided, 14 cup olive oil, divided, 1 14 pound skinless boneless chicken breast, pounded to 12inch thick, 1 pound green beans, washed and trimmed, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon honey, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Saffron Chicken, Boiled Lemon and Green Bean Salad, picturelink: oYdHD79E71DIF7xIFljrljgQab5qgZm}, 16542: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease and flour 2 8inch round cake pans. Sift together dry ingredients including flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Add the shortening, milk, eggs, and vanilla. Beat mixture until smooth then add the peanut butter. In a microwave safe bowl, melt the caramel squares with whipping cream for about 1 minute. Add the caramel mixture to the batter and mix well. Pour the batter evenly into the pans and bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto on a wire rack until completely cool.nSprinkle chopped peanuts in between the layers and place on a freezer safe plate. Ice cake with caramel icing. Place in the freezer for 30 minutes. Place the cake back onto the wire rack with a cookie sheet underneath to catch the ganache. Pour the ganache over cake the cake, coating completely and allow to dry before placing on a serving plate. Garnish as desired while ganache is still wet.nMelt almond bark or chocolate in a double boiler. Heat whipping cream in microwave for 45 seconds. Pour whipping cream and corn syrup into melted almond bark or chocolate until completely mixed., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup shortening, 1 cup milk, 3 eggs, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 cup peanut butter, 10 caramel squares recommended: Kraft brand, 1 12 tablespoons whipping cream, 14 cup chopped peanuts, 1 can caramel icing, Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows, Peanuts, to garnish, 1 package almond bark or chocolate, 12 pint whipping cream, 1 tablespoon white corn syrup recommended: Karo brand], title: Peanut Caramel Cake, picturelink: null}, 16543: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a large Dutch oven, with a lid, over mediumhigh heat. Season the meat generously with salt and pepper, and sprinkle lightly with the flour. Add the oil to the pot, lay the meat in the pan and sear on both sides until a deep mahogany brown, about 10 minutes. Transfer the meat to a plate. Pour all but about 2 tablespoons of the oil from the pan.nAdd the onion and garlic to the pan, and cook until fragrant and soft, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, breaking them up by hand as you add them to the pot, and cook until a deep brick red, about 2 minutes more. Add the wine, and with a wooden spoon scrape up any browned bits that cling to the bottom of the pot. Add the remaining tomato liquid, beef broth, thyme, and bay leaves, and bring to a boil. Return the roast to the pot, nestle it in the liquid, cover and transfer pot to the oven.nCook until the roast is just tender, about 1 12 hours. Remove the lid and continue to cook, uncovered until tender about 1 hour more.nMeanwhile, toss the onions, carrots, parsnips, and turnips with the olive oil, salt, and pepper. Spread out on a baking sheet in 1 layer. You may have to use 2 baking sheets. Once the roast comes out of the oven, raise the temperature to 450 degrees F. Roast the vegetables, turning about halfway through cooking, until caramelized and tender, about 30 to 45 minutes.nTransfer the roast to a plate and cover loosely with foil. Skim the fat off the surface of the liquid and discard. Bring the sauce to a boil over mediumhigh heat, and cook until thickened. For a thicken sauce whisk in the cornstarch mixture and bring to a boil. Test the thickness of the sauce by spooning some onto a plate and checking the consistency. Stir in the parsley, taste and adjust salt and pepper, as needed. Keep the roast warm in the sauce until ready to slice.nSlice the pot roast and lay on a platter, surround with the vegetables. Pour some of the sauce on top and serve the remaining in a sauceboat on the side., ingredients: [1 3 to 4pound beef chuck roast, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 large onion, sliced, 1 15ounce can whole tomatoes, in juice, 12 cup red wine, 2 cups beef broth, homemade or made from beef bouillon 2 bouillon cubes and 2 cups hot water not canned, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, or 2 teaspoons dried, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, mixed with 2 tablespoons water, optional, 13 cup coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, optional, 2 medium red onions, peeled and quartered, or 6 shallots, peeled and halved, 3 carrot carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch chunks, 2 medium parsnips, peeled, cut into 12inch coins, 1 medium turnip, peeled and cut into 8 wedges or 1 medium celery root, peeled and cut into 8 large chunks or both, About 5 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pot Roast with Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 16544: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the topping: Put all topping ingredients in a bowl and rub together with your hands until mixture sticks together in small clumps.nPour the blueberries into a 9 by 13inch baking dish. Squeeze the lemon juice over the berries, sprinkle the sugar and flour over them and toss until the berries are coated with sugar.nScatter the topping over the berries in an even layer. Bake until the topping is golden brown and the berry juice is bubbling up through the topping, about 45 to 50 minutes., ingredients: [4 ounces pecan pieces about 1 cup, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups rolled oldfashioned oats, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, A couple pinches salt, 1 stick 8 tablespoons butte,r cut into small pieces, 2 pints fresh blueberries, 12 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: Blueberry Pecan Crumble, picturelink: tea5pxy5zPM8j3p8yMcOhke7.JyHLO}, 16545: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F.nChop the cranberries and mix them into the goat cheese. Cut the tops off the apricots and use your finger to open up a hole. Fill an apricot with some of the cheese mixture, then push a raisin into it. Fill a fig with some cheese, then push the apricot into it. Repeat until all the fruit has been used. Slice the prosciutto slices in half lengthwise and wrap a slice around each fig. Place on a baking sheet and bake until the prosciutto has browned, about 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool a bit before serving., ingredients: [14 cup dried cranberries, 6 ounces fresh goat cheese, at room temperature, 12 dried apricots, 12 raisins, 12 dried figs, 6 slices prosciutto], title: Stuffed Figs in a Blanket, picturelink: UTXmFDseLo38KeHV3PwXbjcPbbLFHO}, 16546: {instructions: Arrange eggplants spokefashion, stems toward the center, around the inside rim of a 2quart souffle dish. Place tomatoes in center. Scatter fennel on top of eggplant. Tuck garlic, basil, and thyme between vegetables. Pour oil, water, salt, and pepper over all. Cover tightly with microwave plastic wrap. Cook in microwave oven at 100 percent for 15 minutes.nRemove from oven. Uncover and let stand for 3 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 small Japanese eggplants about 3 12 inches long, each pricked 4 times with a fork, 4 large plum tomatoes about 23 pound, each pricked 4 times with a fork, 12 bulb fennel, cored and quartered lengthwise, 4 large cloves garlic, smashed and peeled, 2 sprigs fresh basil, 14 teaspoon fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon water, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Eggplant, Tomato and Fennel, picturelink: null}, 16547: {instructions: Place 15 mini phyllo shells on a baking sheet and bake at 350 degrees F until toasted, 3 to 5 minutes. Fill each shell with 12 teaspoon fig jam, a 34inch cube of brie and some chopped walnuts. Return to the oven until the cheese is bubbling, about 10 minutes. Top with pomegranate seeds.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [], title: PomegranateBrie Phyllo Cups, picturelink: Q1PXa37dZ2au7uigXnqX9f8KEGssbJC}, 16548: {instructions: Combine beans, yogurt, Italian seasoning, and garlic in a blender and puree until smooth.nAdd remaining ingredients and pulse until combined. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Refrigerate 1 to 2 hours to allow flavors to meld.nRemove from refrigerator 30 minutes before serving. Serve at room temperature with toasted baguette or water crackers., ingredients: [1 15ounce can no salt added organic navy beans, 13 cup nonfat plain yogurt, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 3 whole roasted garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons oil packed sundried tomatoes, drained and finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped fresh basil leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Tuscan White Bean Spread, picturelink: nOlkHyuxmWqZFQKJ8lvUFg811ID03bO}, 16549: {instructions: Preheat oven to 330 degrees. Gut the fish and wash it, making an incision in the belly through to the bone. Put it in a pan and add salt, pepper, and brush some olive oil, and a little butter. Saute the chopped onions and the liver until it is golden in color. Add the pine nuts and rice. Add some water or fish stock. Cook rice about seventy percent. Stuff the fish from the head to the belly. Fill the whole cavity. Sew the cavity shut to prevent the stuffing from leaking out. Add some thick sliced potatoes to the bottom of the pan. Add some salt and pepper to the potatoes. Sprinkle the fish and the potatoes with the finely chopped parsley and place in the oven. Bake for 40 minutes at 350 degrees., ingredients: [1 Red Snapper about 4 to 5 pounds, Salt, Pepper, Olive oil and butter, 2 onions large, Liver of fish or chicken liver, 13 cup pine nuts, 1cup rice, Water or fish stock, 4 medium potatoes, sliced thick, Parsley], title: Stuffed Red Snapper, picturelink: null}, 16550: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl, mix together the soy sauce, cornstarch, sherry, brown sugar, ginger and garlic. Pour half the liquid over the sliced meat in a bowl and toss with your hands. Reserve the other half of the liquid and set aside.nHeat the oil in a heavy skillet iron is best or wok over high heat. Add the broccoli and stir for a minute. Remove to a plate.nAllow the skillet to get very hot again. With tongs, add the meat in a single layer. Spread out the meat as you add it to skillet, but do not stir for a good minute. You want the meat to get as brown as possible in as short amount a time as possible. Turn the meat to the other side and cook for another 30 seconds. Remove to a clean plate.nPour the reserved sauce into the skillet along with the beef broth and oyster sauce. Cook over high heat until it starts to thicken. Add the beef and broccoli back into the skillet and toss to coat. Season with salt if needednServe over Chow Mein., ingredients: [12 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup cornstarch, 3 tablespoons sherry, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound flank steak, trimmed of fat and sliced very thin against the grain, 3 tablespoons peanut or olive oil, 1 pound broccoli florets, 14 cup beef broth, 14 cup oyster sauce, Salt as needed use sparingly, Chow Mein, for serving], title: Beef With Broccoli, picturelink: jFohCDVTIvvbmHpLTonkASImEkrsp52}, 16551: {instructions: Wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutesnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the mango salsa: Chop drained fruit into small pieces. Combine the fruit and remaining salsa ingredients in a bowl and refrigerate until chilled.nFor the shrimp: Place coconut on baking sheet. Bake for 6 to 8 minutes, or until coconut turns light brown. Set asidenSpear 3 shrimp on each bamboo skewer.nHeat a ridged grill pan over mediumhigh heat and spray with cooking spray. Place shrimp skewers on grill pan. Cook shrimp for 2 minutes per side or until shrimp turns pink. Place shredded coconut on serving plate. Remove shrimp from skewers and place on top of coconut.nPlace salsa in a decorative bowl and serve with shrimp skewers immediately., ingredients: [2 4ounce tropical fruit cups, drained about 1 cup, 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 1 scallion, finely chopped, 12 lime, juiced, 1 small jalapeno, ribs removed, seeded and minced, Kosher salt, 24 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, Olive oil cooking spray, 1 8ounce bag shredded coconut], title: Grilled Shrimp with Mango Salsa, picturelink: null}, 16552: {instructions: Heat 4 cups of the milk in a large saucepan over medium heat until steaming.nWhisk the sugar, cornstarch and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Whisk in the egg yolks and the remaining 12 cup milk.nWhisk half of the hot milk into the egg mixture until smooth, then gradually whisk the eggmilk mixture into the saucepan. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture boils. Continue to cook, whisking constantly, until it has thickened to a puddinglike consistency, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla.nCool slightly, stirring a few times to prevent a skin from forming. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on top of the pudding and refrigerate until completely cooled and thickened, about 4 hours.nBefore serving, whisk the pudding vigorously until smooth and creamy.nStirins:nCookies and Cream: Crush 20 chocolate wafer cookies, stir some into the pudding and top with the rest.nFresh Berries and Gingersnaps: Fold in 2 cups of fresh, mixed berries and top with about 12 finely crushed gingersnaps.nVanillaBanana: Fold in 3 sliced bananas. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Fold in 24 crushed vanilla wafer cookies and top with more sliced bananas.nRocky Road: Fold in 1 cup each mini marshmallows and toasted chopped walnuts and 12 cup of mini chocolate chips. Sprinkle with more chocolate chips.nPeanut Butter and Jelly See Cooks Note: Fold in 1 cup quartered red grapes and 13 cup each chopped roasted peanuts and peanut butter chips. Top with whole grapes., ingredients: [4 12 cups whole milk, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup cornstarch, Kosher salt, 5 large egg yolks, beaten, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Stirins optional, see below for suggestions], title: Vanilla Pudding, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 16553: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice the potatoes 18 inch thick, using a mandoline if you have one, or the slicer attachment of a food processor. In a bowl, toss the slices with the salt, then place them in a colander set over a bowl or the sink to drain for about 30 minutes. It is important to rid the potatoes of any excess moisture that will make the pastry soggy during baking. In a bowl, mix the potato slices with the onion, thyme, and butter, and set aside.nLine a baking pan with parchment paper. Lay the 10 by 8inch sheet of pastry on a work surface. Spread the potato mixture evenly over the pastry, leaving a 1inch border all around. You might think that you have too much potato, but pile it on, as the mixture loses volume during cooking. Brush the border with egg wash and top with the 11 by 9inch sheet of pastry, stretching it over the potatoes.nCrimp the edges with a fork to prevent the pastry sheets from separating. Trim off any excess pastry and generously brush the top with egg wash. Poke a small vent hole in the center of the pastry to ensure an even rise. Crisscross the top with the back of the knife for decoration.nBake until golden brown, about 60 minutes. Test the potatoes for doneness by inserting a small paring knife into the galette. If they are done, so is the pastry. If there is any sign of resistance, decrease the oven temperature to 300 degrees F and bake, testing frequently, another 15 minutes.nTo serve, carefully transfer the galette to a large serving platter. Slice horizontally all around to separate the top and bottom crusts. Lift the top crust to expose the potatoes. Spoon creme fraeche evenly over them, reposition the top crust, and serve immediately. Slice the galette at the table., ingredients: [5 medium yellowfleshed potatoes such as Dutch yellow about 2 pounds, peeled, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 small onion, finely diced, 8 sprigs of thyme, picked and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 sheets puff pastry, 10 by 8 inches and 11 by 9 inches, 1 large egg, beaten, for egg wash, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons creme fraeche], title: Kens Potato Galette, picturelink: r6oa2ljtyeZWCvUAav.6EbvihiXNPDq}, 16554: {instructions: Special equipment: large shallow pannHeat 14 to 12 cup of the oil in a pan. Add the strips of pepper and fry until they start to soften. Remove and reserve for garnish. Fry the chicken and rabbit at medium heat until golden brown, adding more oil, as necessary. Add the paprika half way through to add color to meat. Push the meat out to the edges of the pan and add the beans and tomatoes in the center, mixing them well. Add 12 the water making sure to cover the pan until it is 12 full. Simmer for approximately 30 minutes until most of the water has evaporated. Add the snails and cook for 5 or 10 minutes.nAdd the rice, distributing it evenly over the pan and fry for a few minutes, moving it around in the pan. Add the rest of the water and cook for about 20 minutes. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper. Add a pinch of saffron for colour. Once this is done the paella should not be stirred anymore.nFor the last 1 to 2 minutes increase the heat to mediumhigh, until the bottom layer of rice starts to caramelize, creating what Valencians call the socarrat. If the rice starts to burn remove the pan from the heat immediately.nGarnish the paella with the strips of red pepper and the sprigs of rosemary. Cover the pan and let it rest for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 cups olive oil, 1 red bell pepper, cut in strips, 34 chicken, cut into pieces, 12 rabbit, cut into pieces, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 12 pounds green beans, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 12 pounds broad beans, shelled, 12 tomato, chopped, 4 12 cups water, or fill up the paella pan to the height of the handles 2 times, 2 cups snails, cleaned, fresh or frozen, 1 14 pounds plus 1ounce rice 3.5 ounces per person recommended: Bomba u2013 short grain rice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pinch saffron, for coloring, Sprigs rosemary, as garnish], title: Paella Valenciana, picturelink: null}, 16555: {instructions: Place the potatoes, 2 cups water, salt and pepper into a medium saucepan with a lid. Bring to a boil and return to a simmer, cover and cook until very tender, about 20 minutes. Add the potatoes, but not the liquid, to a food processor, and puree until smooth. Add the butter and the vanilla bean seeds to the puree, and pulse again until all ingredients are incorporated and smooth. Hold until ready to plate., ingredients: [1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into large dice, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, cubed, 12 vanilla bean, scraped], title: Vanilla Scented Sweet Potato Puree, picturelink: null}, 16556: {instructions: Butter a 13 by 9inch baking pan. Combine sugar, butter, and honey in small saucepan. Bring to boil over medium heat, stirring to melt sugar well. Add whiskey. Boil for 1 minute stirring continuously. Remove from heat and stir in pecans. Pour in baking pan.nRoll dough into a 12 by 16inch rectangle. Brush with melted butter. Combine sugar and spices in small bowl. Sprinkle over dough. Roll dough from long side, pressing to seal edges. Cut into 8 slices and place cut side down in baking dish. Cover with plastic wrap. Place in unheated oven with panbowl of hot water and allow to rise until doubled, about 1 hour. Remove plastic wrap.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes until buns are golden and syrup is bubbly. Cool in pan for 5 minutes. Invert onto foil covered baking sheet. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 14 cups packed brown sugar, 12 cup butter, 14 cup honey, 14 cup Tennessee whiskey, 12 cup chopped pecans, 1 pound frozen bread dough, thawed, 1 tablespoon melted butter, 13 cup packed brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg], title: Titanic Spiked Pecan Sticky Buns, picturelink: null}, 16557: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil and set a wire rack on top coat with cooking spray. Combine 1 cup water, the coconut water, rice and lime zest in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low cover and simmer 8 minutes. Remove from the heat add the carrots, red onion, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper do not stir. Cover and let sit 10 minutes, then fluff with a fork to combine. Discard the lime zest.nMeanwhile, season the shrimp with salt and pepper. Beat the egg and 2 tablespoons water in a bowl. Combine the coconut and panko in another bowl. Dip the shrimp in the egg mixture, then the coconutpanko mixture, gently pressing to adhere transfer to the prepared rack. Bake until the shrimp are cooked through, about 10 minutes.nTurn on the broiler. Broil the shrimp until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the cilantro to the rice mixture and toss. Serve with the shrimp and lime wedges.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 34 cup coconut water, 34 cup jasmati or other longgrain rice, Zest of 1 lime removed with a vegetable peeler, plus wedges for serving, 12 cup shredded carrots, 2 tablespoons finely chopped red onion or scallions, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 large egg, 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 34 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Coconut Shrimp with Tropical Rice, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 16558: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil.nFor the pesto: In a food processor, combine the basil, parsley, cheese, pine nuts, garlic and lemon zest and blend. With the motor running, stream in the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the gnocchi with pole beans: Blanch the beans briefly in the boiling water. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside. Add the gnocchi to the boiling water and cook to al dente according to the package directions. Drain.nIn a large nonstick pan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and gnocchi and saute until golden brown. Add the beans and turn the heat down to medium. Add the butter, lemon zest and juice and 2 tablespoons of the pesto. Cook until the beans are just tender. Season as needed.nDivide the gnocchi among 4 dishes and top with the pea greens, a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and a sprinkling of flaky sea salt and ParmigianoReggiano., ingredients: [1 cup fresh basil leaves, 1 cup fresh parsley leaves, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted, 2 cloves garlic, Zest of 1 lemon, 12 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup halved mixed pole beans, such as haricots verts, purple green beans and Romanos halved crosswise, 3 cups storebought potato gnocchi, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely minced shallots, 1 tablespoon butter, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cups pea greens, if unavailable, you can use substitute watercress or spinach, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Flaky sea salt, such as Maldon, for topping, Grated ParmigianoReggiano, for topping], title: Potato Gnocchi with Pole Beans and Pesto, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 16559: {instructions: Stir the yeast, sugar and 14 cup warm water in a large bowl or in the bowl of a stand mixer. Let sit until foamy, about 5 minutes.nAdd 1 tablespoon olive oil, the flour, 1 12 tablespoons rosemary, the fine salt and 34 cup warm water stir with a wooden spoon or with the dough hook if using a mixer until a dough forms.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead, dusting lightly with flour if necessary, until smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes. Or knead with the dough hook on mediumhigh speed, adding a little flour if the dough sticks to the bowl, about 8 minutes.nBrush a large bowl with olive oil. Add the dough, cover with plastic wrap and let stand at room temperature until more than doubled, about 2 hours.nBrush 2 baking sheets with olive oil. Generously flour a work surface turn the dough out onto the flour and divide into 4 pieces. Working with one piece at a time, sprinkle some flour on the dough, then fold the top and bottom portions into the middle. Fold in the sides to make a freeform square. Use a spatula to turn the dough over, then tuck the corners under to form a ball. Place seamside down on a prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining dough, putting 2 balls on each baking sheet. Let stand, uncovered, until more than doubled, about 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bake the loaves 10 minutes brush with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle with the kosher salt and the remaining 12 tablespoon rosemary. Continue baking until golden brown, about 10 more minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool. Serve with olive oil seasoned with pepper.nPhotograph by Lisa Shin, ingredients: [1 14ounce packet active dry yeast, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing and serving, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons dried rosemary, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon kosher salt Freshly ground pepper], title: AlmostFamous Rosemary Bread, picturelink: ApfXsPMYK8otoI1IlIGC5Lg99naj.IO}, 16560: {instructions: In a small saute pan add 2 tablespoons whole butter, dash of cayenne, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, and the 12 cup of pecans. Cook this slowly over a very low flame, taking care to stir carefully and occasionally. The sugar will burn easily if the flame is too hot. On a stable cutting board, julienne the red pepper and then peel and section the 2 oranges. Squeeze the remaining orange pulp over a large bowl and to this add the 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Toss the salad greens in this and then place on a salad plate. Arrange the oranges and red bell pepper slices on the top and garnish with the caramelized pecan halves. Allow the pecans to cool before eating., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 dash cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup halved pecans, 1 red bell pepper, 2 oranges, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Fresh pepper, 2 cups mesclun greens], title: Mesclun Salad, picturelink: null}, 16561: {instructions: Bring 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup almond butter, 12 cup confectioners sugar and 1 tablespoon water to a boil in a large pot over medium heat, stirring. Remove from the heat using a rubber spatula, stir in 12 cups popcorn and 1 cup chopped salted mixed nuts until coated. Butter your hands, then shape into balls and roll in toasted sesame seeds.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: HoneyNut Popcorn Balls, picturelink: 2FTPnYfleE.hHZDIDdOd.8l.6m8OWI.}, 16562: {instructions: Combine the eggs and milk. Combine the flour, salt, pepper and nutmeg. Using a wooden spoon add the liquid to the flour and mix to combine well. Mix the dough well and let rest for 10 to 15 minutes. Bring 4 quarts of water to a boil. Using a spaetzle maker a utensil that resembles a food mill or passing the dough through a colander, position the utensil over the boiling water. Pass the spaetzle dough into the water and allow to cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until the spaetzle floats to the surface. Use a spider strainer to scoop the spaetzle out of the water and place in a bowl. Melt the butter in a sauce pan, until it begins to turn brown. Add the chopped sage and pour the butter over the spaetzle and serve., ingredients: [2 eggs, 12 cup milk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground pepper, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage], title: Spaetzle with Sage Butter, picturelink: null}, 16563: {instructions: Soak rice, urad dal, and fenugreek in water to cover for 3 hours. Rinse under running water and drain. Transfer to a food processor fitted with the steel blade, and grind to a smooth yet thick batter. Set batter aside, and let ferment overnight at room temperature. Add salt and a little water, if necessary, to thin batter. Heat griddle to 350 degrees F. Sprinkle hot griddle with water and a teaspoon of oil. Wipe clean with a cloth. Drizzle a little oil on the griddle. Spread evenly over the surface of the griddle, removing any excess with a bench scraper. Using a 1cup measuring cup or ladle, measure 34 cup batter, and pour onto grill. Spread batter out into a 16inch oval using the bottom of the measuring cup. Using a scraper, remove any excess batter from the top of the dosa. Cook until the surface bubbles and the bottom is golden brown 1 to 1 12 minutes. Place filling crosswise in center of dosa. Fold dosa in thirds to enclose filling.nIn a large saucepan, place potatoes, 1 teaspoon salt, and water to cover. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer until forktender. Drain, peel, and cut potatoes into 14inch pieces. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add mustard seeds, chana dal, cashews, ginger, garlic, onions and curry leaves. Saute until onions are soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Add curry powder, chile powder, turmeric, and ground coriander. Cook for 1 minute. Add peas and potatoes. Add 2 tablespoons water, and cook until heated through. Season with salt, and add chopped coriander. Use as a filling for dosa. Yield: 6 servings, ingredients: [2 cups longgrain white or jasmine rice, 1 cup urad dal, 14 teaspoon fenugreek methi seeds, 34 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 cup vegetable oil, PotatoandPea Filling, heated, recipe follows, 2 pounds Idaho potatoes, Coarse salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon chana dal split chickpeas , 2 tablespoons roughly chopped cashew nuts, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 1 sprig fresh curry leaves , 1 tablespoon Madras curry powder, Pinch chili powder, Pinch turmeric, Pinch ground coriander, 13 cup peas, cooked, 14 cup chopped fresh coriander leaves], title: Dosa, picturelink: null}, 16564: {instructions: Make the brine: Combine the buttermilk, brown sugar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons salt, the garlic, bay leaves, hot sauce and peppercorns in a large bowl. Remove 4 wide strips of lemon zest with a vegetable peeler and add to the brine squeeze in the juice of half of the lemon. Pierce both sides of the pork chops a few times with a paring knife. Add the pork to the brine, turning to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight.nRemove the pork chops from the refrigerator 30 minutes before grilling. Preheat a grill to medium high and lightly brush the grates with vegetable oil. Remove the pork from the brine, letting the excess drip off, and transfer to the grill. Cover and cook until marked, about 7 minutes. Flip and continue cooking, uncovered, until the other side is marked, about 7 more minutes.nMeanwhile, rub the corn with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt. Wrap each ear in foil and place on the grill. Grill, turning occasionally, until charred, about 10 minutes.nRemove the pork from the grill let rest 5 minutes. Cut the corn kernels from the cobs. Combine the corn, the juice of the remaining 12 lemon, the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the parsley and chives in a bowl and toss season with salt. Serve with the pork chops.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 cups buttermilk, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 6 cloves garlic, smashed, 6 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 12 black peppercorns, 1 lemon, 6 bonein centercut pork loin chops 1 inch thick about 3 pounds total, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 6 ears of corn, husked, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: Buttermilk Pork Chops with Corn Relish, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 16565: {instructions: WASH, trim and pound chicken to flatten to a consistent thickness.nMIX brown sugar, peanut butter, oil, soy sauce, lime juice, garlic, cayenne pepper and salt in a small bowl to make marinade.nPLACE chicken in a shallow dish or food storage bag. Cover with marinade. Marinate 1 hour at room temperature or as long as overnight in refrigerator.nWhen ready to cook: HEAT grill. Combine peanut butter, coconut milk, lime juice, soy sauce, dark brown sugar, ginger, garlic and cayenne in a heavy saucepan to make peanut sauce. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, about 15 minutes or until thickened. Whisk in chicken stock and cream. Cook 1 minute more, whisking. Keep warm while grilling chicken.nREMOVE chicken from marinade and place on hot grill. Grill 4 to 6 minutes on each side, turning only once, until browned and no longer pink in center.nSPOON peanut sauce over hot chicken and sprinkle with cilantro., ingredients: [8 large boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, MARINADE:, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoons Jifu00ae Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter, 14 cup Criscou00ae Pure Canola Oil, 12 cup soy sauce, 13 cup fresh lime juice, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, PEANUT SAUCE:, 1 cup Jifu00ae Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter, 1 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons finely minced fresh gingeroot, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, 12 cup chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Grilled Chicken Breast with Zesty Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16566: {instructions: Heat grill to 350 degrees F.nPlace a 10inch cast iron skillet in the center of the grill and heat thoroughly.nMeanwhile, make cake batter: Sift the cake flour, baking powder, and salt together set aside. With a mixer, cream together the butter, sugar, and egg yolks. With the mixer on low speed, add the dry ingredients to creamed mixture, alternating with the milk. Add vanilla extract. In a separate mixing bowl, beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form and then fold them into the batter. Set batter aside.nPlace the 12 stick butter and the brown sugar in the skillet and let the mixture melt and begin to caramelize. When lightly caramelized, place pineapples and enough cherries to cover on top, in a decorative pattern. Then pour the cake batter over, filling to within 12inch of the top of the skillet. Transfer the skillet to a large foil pan and cover with foil be careful handling the skillet as the handle will also be very hot. Return to the grill and pierce the foil in the corners to allow steam to escape during the cooking process.nGrill cake at 350 degrees F until cake is golden brown and springs back when lightly touched with your finger, about 45 minutes. Remove from the grill and run a knife around the edge of the skillet to free the cake again, be careful handling the skillet as the handle will also be very hot. While cake is still hot, place a serving plate on top of the skillet and carefully turn the cake over onto the plate. Serve warm or cold., ingredients: [2 cups cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch salt, 12 cup 1 stick butter, softened, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 eggs, separated, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 stick butter, 1 cup dark brown sugar, One 20ounce can pineapple, drained and juice reserved can use pineapple rings or pineapple chunks, Maraschino cherries, Chopped nuts, optional], title: Prize Winning Pineapple UpsideDown Cake on the BBQ, picturelink: null}, 16567: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat vegetable oil in a large ovensafe skillet, over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and saute until soft. Add green chiles, diced tomatoes, leftover turkey and salsa. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. Top with tortilla chips and then cheese. Place skillet in oven and bake for about 20 minutes.nRemove from oven. Garnish with cilantro and serve immediately with side of sour cream., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 12 cups red onion, chopped, 1 4ounce can diced green chiles recommended: Ortega, 1 10ounce can diced tomatoes and green chiles recommended: Rotel, 3 cups leftover cooked turkey, shredded, 1 16ounce jar chunky salsa recommended: Pace, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 cups tortilla chips, crushed, 1 12 cups shredded Mexican 4cheese blend, 14 cup cilantro leaves, chopped, 14 cup sour cream], title: Turkey Chilaquiles, picturelink: R44udOKSEg6f6kiCWrlZvlGV4PT4USu}, 16568: {instructions: You will need a 13 by 9 by 2inch pan, buttered and lined with buttered parchment or foil.nSet the rack at the middle level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees.nBring a saucepan of water to a boil and turn off heat. Combine butter and chocolate in a heatproof bowl and set over pan of water. Stir occasionally until melted.nWhisk the eggs together in a large bowl, then whisk in salt, sugars, and vanilla. Stir in chocolate and butter mixture, then fold in flour.nPour batter into prepared pan and spread evenly. Bake for about 45 minutes, until top has formed a shiny crust and batter is moderately firm. Cool in pan on a rack. Wrap pan in plastic wrap and keep at room temperature or refrigerated until next day.nTo cut brownies, unmold onto a cutting board, remove paper, and replace with another cutting board. Turn cake right side up and trim away edges. Cut brownies into 2inch squares.nServe on their own or with ice cream and hot fudge sauce, ingredients: [16 tablespoons 2 sticks unsalted butter, 8 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, cut into 14inch pieces, 4 large eggs, 12 teaspoons salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour], title: Supernatural Brownies, picturelink: null}, 16569: {instructions: Special equipment: Electric wok to keep cooking liquid boiling Small Chinese strainers Rice bowls and side plates Chopsticks Chinese spoons Spoons for all of the above condiments Huge appetitenIn a food processor, puree fish with egg yolks until smooth. Add pepper, salt, sesame oil, fish sauce, and chilies pulse processor a few times. Transfer mousse to a large, chilled bowl and fold in the scallions. Using a mixer, lift the egg whites to a stiff peak. Gently fold in the egg whites with the mousse. Cook a very small portion either in boiling water or in a microwave oven to verify seasonings. Using wet hands, make small balls 1inch in diameter. Quickly blanch in salted boiling water for only 2 minutes. Drain and set aside to cool., ingredients: [2 pounds flank steak, sliced thinly against the grain, 2 pounds chicken breast, thinly sliced, 1 pound large shrimp, U15s peeled and deveined 15 shrimp per pound, 20 fish balls, 2 pounds bay scallops, 3 packages soaked mung bean noodles, 4 Shanghai cabbage, whole leaves, 4 baby bok choy, whole leaves, 1 napa cabbage large chopped, 2 quarts chicken stock, 1 pound shiitake mushrooms, destemmed, Boiling water, 2 pounds Chilean sea bass or other fatty white fish, 4 eggs, separated, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 3 minced Thai bird chilies, 13 cup sliced scallions, Samba Oelek, Peanut butter, Chinese sesame paste, Sesame oil, Oyster sauce, Rice wine vinegar, Shaoxing wine, Thin soy sauce, 2 cups chopped scallions, 2 cups chopped cilantro, Eggs optional], title: Chinese Fire Pot Fish Balls, picturelink: null}, 16570: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Hollow out the center of the ciabatta loaf to form a rectangular bowl set aside. Cut the removed bread into 1inch cubes spread 2 cups of the bread on a rimmed baking sheet reserve the rest for another use. Bake the bread cubes until lightly toasted, 5 to 6 minutes. Let cool.nCombine the lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, roasted red peppers, salami, prosciutto, soppressata, cheese and toasted bread cubes in a large bowl. Whisk the olive oil, vinegar, 2 tablespoons water, the oregano, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small bowl. Drizzle the dressing over the salad andnPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 large loaf ciabatta bread 1 to 1 14 pounds, 1 romaine lettuce heart, chopped, 1 pound tomatoes, chopped, 12 English cucumber, chopped, 12 cup chopped roasted red peppers, 2 ounces thinly sliced salami, cut into strips, 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, cut into strips, 2 ounces thinly sliced soppressata, cut into strips, 4 ounces thinly sliced provolone cheese, cut into strips, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Panzanella Bread Bowl, picturelink: aB4TTFsFckfylaAVq8hWQAeisyvnM.}, 16571: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 24count minimuffin pan, 18 to 20 1.25inch diameter paper minimuffin cup liners, recommended: WiltonnFor the cupcakes: arrange an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 24count minimuffin pan with 1.25inch diameter paper liners and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, using an electric hand mixer, beat the egg yolks, vegetable oil, 13 cup of the sugar, cocoa powder, vanilla extract, cinnamon, and salt, at high speed until smooth, about 2 minutes. Mix in the melted chocolate chips and stir until smooth mixture will be thick.nIn a separate bowl, using an electric hand mixer, beat the egg whites at high speed until they hold soft peaks, about 3 minutes. With the machine running, gradually add the remaining 13 cup sugar and continue to beat until the mixture holds stiff peaks, about 2 minutes. Stir 13 of the egg white mixture into the chocolate mixture. Using a spatula, fold the remaining egg white mixture. In batches, sift the flour over the batter and fold it in using a spatula. Fill each paper liner to the top with batter and bake for 12 minutes until puffed. Remove from the oven and let cool for 15 minutes.nFor the topping: In a small bowl, combine the melted chocolate chips and oil. Stir until smooth.nUsing a fork, drizzle the chocolate mixture over the cupcakes. Allow the topping to harden for at least 1 12 hours at room temperature before serving. Store at room temperature in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 14 cup vegetable oil, 23 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, melted, 14 cup cake flour, 3 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, melted, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Mini ChocolateMeringue Cupcakes, picturelink: 4SJeT7p8x0RKBFEkS2gbAf.iz9Otlui}, 16572: {instructions: In a pot large enough to hold at least 20 cups of water, add pig tails. Cook on medium heat to render fat. Pat salt beef dry with a towel. When drippings have accumulated, add salt beef to pot and saute until brown.nOnce browned, add 6 12 pints of water and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 1 hour, occasionally skimming off the foam that rises to the surface and clings to the sides of the pot.nAfter 1 hour, add the yams and coco. Add ice water to congeal fat and cause it to rise to the top. Skim off fat. Simmer for 12 hour more.nAdd okra and kale. Add thyme, salt, and pepper to taste. Add chopped onion and scallion. Cook another 12 hour. Add callaloo or spinach and boil for 3 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds pig tails, scrubbed, rinsed in cold water, and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 pound salt beef, cut into 12inch cubes, 6 12 pints water, 1 pound yams, peeled and chopped into 1inch cubes, 1 pound coco, peeled and chopped, 4 cups ice water, 12 okra, rinsed, 8 ounces Indian kale, trimmed of heavy stalks and finely sliced, 1 teaspoon powdered thyme, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper, 6 ounces onion, thinly sliced, 3 scallions, finely chopped, 1 can callaloo or 1 pound fresh spinach, shredded, a Jamaican green vegetable that tastes like a cross between broccoli and spinach], title: Jamaican Pepper Pot Soup, picturelink: null}, 16573: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 13 x 9 x 2inch baking pan with shortening.nCOMBINE 34 cup shortening and brown sugar in large bowl. Beat at medium speed with electric mixer add egg. Beat until well blended.nMIX together 1 12 cups flour, salt and baking soda. Add gradually to creamed mixture. Add in oats. Mix until blended. Reserve 1 14 cups of mixture for topping. Press remaining mixture into prepared pan. Bake 10 minutes.nTOSS apples with 2 tablespoons flour and lemon juice. Distribute apple mixture evenly over partially baked crust. Press in lightly.nPLACE caramels in microwavesafe bowl. Microwave on HIGH 100 power 1 minute. Stir. Repeat until caramels are melted. Drizzle melted caramel evenly over apples. Crumble reserved topping evenly over caramel.nBAKE 30 to 40 minutes, or until apples are tender and top is golden brown do not overbake. Loosen caramel from sides of pan with knife. Cool completely. Cut into 1 12 inch bars. Cover tightly with plastic wrap to store., ingredients: [34 cup Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening or 34 stick Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening Sticks, plus additional for greasing pan, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 1 12 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 tsp. salt, 12 tsp. baking soda, 1 34 cups quick oats, uncooked, 3 to 4 about 4 cups Granny Smith or Golden Delicious apples, peeled and chopped into 12inch pieces, 2 tbsps. Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 tsp. lemon juice, 1 14 oz. bag caramel candies, unwrapped], title: Caramel Apple Bars, picturelink: Igu9wp9CLdX2FssMeUCLMJKXkEk76S}, 16574: {instructions: For the crab cake mix: Gently mix the crab meat with the mayonnaise, lemon juice, mustard, seafood seasoning and Worcestershire sauce in a large bowl. Form four 4ounce crab cakes.nPreheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nFor the salmon: Make a small vertical pocket in each piece of salmon. Place a slice of Brie on the bottom of the pocket, top with 1 crab cake and another slice of Brie.nPlace the salmon in a large baking dish and add enough water to reach onequarter of the way up the side of the salmon. Bake until pale and cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes.nFor the asparagus and sauce: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the asparagus just until crisp tender and bright green. Drain and plunge into an ice bath to stop the cooking.nPut the vinegar and shallots in a saute pan and cook over medium heat until vigorously bubbling and reduced by threequarters, about 2 minutes. Add a pinch salt and pepper, reduce the heat to low and slowly stir in the butter. If the sauce is too thin, continue to simmer over very low heat until desired thickness.nIn a second saute pan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the asparagus, season with salt and pepper and cook until warmed through. The asparagus is already cooked so dont saute it too long.nServe the salmon and asparagus over wild rice. Spoon over the sauce., ingredients: [1 pound jumbo lump crab meat, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 pound skinless Atlantic salmon or wild salmon fillet, cut into 4 pieces, 14 pound Brie cheese, sliced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 bunch asparagus, trimmed, Salt and pepper, 1 14 cups balsamic vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 stick 8 tablespoons salted butter, cut into 4 pieces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Wild rice, for serving], title: Stuffed Salmon with Balsamic Butter Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16575: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a 9by13inch baking dish with oil.nBrew the tea bags in 2 cups of hot water for 5 minutes. Discard the tea bags dont squeeze them out.nHeat 3 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and celery and cook, stirring frequently, until just soft, about 6 minutes. Add the mushrooms, sage, thyme, 1 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook, stirring, until the mushrooms are soft, about 4 minutes. Add the brewed green tea, then bring to a simmer and remove from heat.nPut the bread in a large bowl and pour in the green teavegetable mixture. Add the parsley and toss until the bread is completely coated. Let rest for 10 minutes so the bread can soak up the liquid. Gently toss again and transfer to the prepared baking dish. Drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil.nCover with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Uncover and continue to bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes more. Serve hot., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for greasing the baking dish, 2 bags green tea, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 8 ounces sliced mushrooms, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 cups stale, 1inch cubed white bread about 1 pound, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: Vegan Stuffing, picturelink: Mrm33PLXznSR10PrceXJWCl.tbbg6zG}, 16576: {instructions: Preheat oven to 550 degrees. Mix together the salt and pepper. Rub chicken with oil inside and out, then liberally coat with salt mix. Place chicken, breastside up, in the oven and cook for about 25 minutes, or until golden brown. The chicken may have to be rotated for even coloring. When chicken is fully browned turn the oven down to 300 degrees. Cover with foil to prevent burning. Chicken will take another 35 to 45 minutes. Chicken is done when one can move the wing back and forth with great ease. Another test is piercing between the thigh and breast and the juices should run clear. Allow chicken to rest for 10 minutes before serving.nFor the Spring Vegetable and Mushroom Ragout: In a large, hot saucepan, add 2 tablespoons butter and saute shallots and garlic until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add mushrooms and saute. Season. Deglaze with white wine and reduce by 50 percent. Add chicken stock, soy, and thyme. Bring to a simmer, add peas, edamames, favas, carrots, and snap peas. Add the truffle oil and season. Check for seasoning. Bring back to temperature. Right before serving, add the chives.nUsing a large platter, serve a large mound of the ragout. Top with 2 chickens and serve family style.nWine Suggestion: York Creek, Pinot Blanc, Spring Mountain District, Napa Valley, 1996 Bedford Thompson, Cabernet Franc, Santa Barbara County, 1994nIn a medium bowl, mix the shredded chicken, ragout and basil oil. Check for seasoning. Fill the crock pots and place the puff pastry on top tightly. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 25 minutes or until crust is dark brown. Serve as soon as possible.nFor the Basil Oil: In a blender, puree garlic, ginger, lime juice, salt and sugar and oil until smooth. Do not overmix thereby heating the mixture. Add the basil and puree smooth. Check for seasoning.nWine Suggestion: York Creek, Pinot Blanc, Spring Mountain District, Napa Valley, 1996 Bedford Thompson, Cabernet Franc, Santa Barbara County, 1994nIn a blender, add the Dijon and vinegars and blend. Drizzle in the oils to emulsify. In a large salad bowl, toss the chicken, pasta, tomatoes and basil. Season with salt and black pepper. Check for flavor.nIn a large pasta bowl, plate the entire salad and garnish with basil tops.nYield: 4 servingsnWine Suggestion: York Creek, Pinot Blanc, Spring Mountain District, Napa Valley, 1996 Bedford Thompson, Cabernet Franc, Santa Barbara County, 1994, ingredients: [12 cup fleur de sel, to coat, 14 cup coarse ground black pepper, to coat, 4 free range chickens 4 to 6 pounds each, 1 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 5 minced shallots, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 cup sliced shiitakes, 2 cups quartered button or cremini mushrooms, 1 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 cup shucked English peas, blanched, 1 cup shucked edamames, blanched, 1 cup shucked favas, blanched, 1 cup 14inch diced peeled carrots, blanched, 1 cup sugar snap peas, cut into 14inch lengths, blanched, 1 tablespoon white truffle oil, Salt and black pepper, 14 cup chopped chives, 1 chicken from above, picked off of the bone, skin and all, shredded, 3 cups ragout, 14 cup basil oil, recipe follows, 4 small crock pots, 4 puff pastry sheets, 3 by 3 inches, docked, 3 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 limes, juiced, 12 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup canola oil, 2 cups Thai basil leaves, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup rice vinegar, 12 cup Basil Oil, see recipe above, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 chicken from above, picked off of the bone, skin and all, shredded, 4 cups blanched fusilli pasta, 2 large ripe tomatoes, medium dice, 12 bunch Thai basil, picked, reserve a few tops, for garnish], title: Salt Baked Chickens with Spring Vegetable and Mushroom Ragout, picturelink: null}, 16577: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor to combine. Add the shortening and pulse until the mixture looks like cornmeal. Add the butter and pulse until it is in peasize pieces. Add the vinegar and 2 tablespoons ice water pulse until the dough just comes together but is still crumbly. Turn out onto a piece of plastic wrap shape into a disk and wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight.nRoll out the dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9 12 inch deepdish pie plate. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp with your fingers or a fork. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the crust with foil, then fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until lightly golden around the edge, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and continue baking until golden all over, about 15 more minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Spread the walnuts on a baking sheet bake until toasted, about 7 minutes. Let cool completely.nDissolve the gelatin in 14 cup warm water. Whisk the maple syrup, granulated sugar, 14 cup heavy cream and the eggs in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until slightly thickened, about 7 minutes. Let cool slightly, then stir in the dissolved gelatin and maple extract until smooth. Cover and refrigerate until just cooled and puddinglike, about 15 minutes.nBeat the remaining 1 34 cups heavy cream and the confectioners sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until soft peaks form, about 3 minutes. Transfer 2 cups of the whipped cream to a medium bowl and fold in 12 cup toasted walnuts, then fold the walnut whipped cream into the chilled maple pudding until well combined. Set aside the remaining walnuts and refrigerate the remaining whipped cream for topping.nPour the filling into the cooled crust. Refrigerate until firm, 2 to 4 hours. Top with the remaining whipped cream and walnuts just before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 34 cup finely chopped walnuts, 1 14 teaspoons unflavored gelatin powder, 12 cup pure maple syrup preferably grade B, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 cups cold heavy cream, 2 large eggs, 14 teaspoon maple extract, 14 cup confectioners sugar], title: MapleWalnut Cream Pie, picturelink: CJ4iC6F08i9zpbLSjoVvT3htLR62Ife}, 16578: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn large bowl combine all ingredients and toss until fries are well coated. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes or until crispy.nIn small bowl combine all ingredients and mix until blended. Set aside.nPreheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nIn a bowl mix together the ground turkey, onions and bell peppers, bacon pieces, Cajun seasoning, hot sauce, salt, and ground black pepper.nWet hands to prevent sticking, and form 4 patties of equal size. Spray grill pan with cooking spray.nReduce heat to medium and cook patties for 5 to 7 minutes per side or until cooked through.nPlace all the ingredients into a small serving bowl and stir until combined.nPlace the cooked burgers on the buns and serve with lettuce, tomato, onion and ranch dressing., ingredients: [1 28ounce bag curly fries recommended: OreIda, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 14 pounds ground turkey, 1 cup frozen chopped onions and bell peppers, thawed, 14 cup real bacon pieces, 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 onion buns, 4 leaves butter lettuce, 4 slices tomato, 4 slices red onion, 12 cup ranch dressing, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 scallion, finely chopped], title: Cajun Turkey Burgers with Cayenne Curly Fries, picturelink: eeD9n2fFcAQ4DL6RU9oGW8y7ULCFRMS}, 16579: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400u00b0.nSlice potatoes lengthwise and hollow out skins. Reserve skins and insides separately.nIn a food processor, combine lemon zest, lemon juice, basil, garlic, honey, crushed red pepper, salt and pepper. Slowly drizzle in olive oil until emulsified. Reserve.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine sweet potato insides, quinoa, Brussels sprouts, almonds, cranberries and kale. Add u00bd cup dressing and stir to combine.nStuff reserved potato skins with potato mixture. Top with Parmesan cheese and bake for 5 minutes or until cheese is melted., ingredients: [3 sweet potatoes, cooked, 4 lemons, zested, 6 lemons, juiced, 1 cup fresh basil, packed, 2 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon SimplyNature Organic Wildflower Honey, u00bc teaspoon Stonemill Crushed Red Pepper, 2 teaspoons Stonemill Iodized Salt, plus additional to taste, u00bc teaspoon Stonemill Ground Black Pepper, u00be cup Carlini Pure Olive Oil, 1 cup SimplyNature Organic Quinoa, cooked, u00bd cup shaved Brussels sprouts, u00bc cup Southern Grove Sliced Almonds, toasted, u00bc cup Southern Grove Dried Cranberries, u00bd cup shredded SimplyNature Organic Baby Kale, u00bd cup Priano Shredded Parmesan Cheese], title: Super Stuffed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 16580: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: One 12cup or two 6cup doughnut pans, preferably nonstick a pastry bagnFor the doughnuts: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 12cup doughnut pan with nonstick spray.nPut the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook, swirling occasionally, until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Transfer the brown butter to a measuring cup and set aside.nCombine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and nutmeg in a medium bowl. In a large bowl, whisk together the sugar and eggs until smooth then whisk in the buttermilk and vanilla until combined. Add the flour mixture and half of the brown butter 14 cup to the egg mixture mix until just combined  DO NOT OVERMIX.nTransfer the batter to a pastry bag and fill the doughnut pan about threequarters full. Bake the doughnuts until light golden brown and just baked through, about 8 minutes They will be darker on the bottom, where the batter cooks against the pan, than on the top. Set the pan on a baking rack and let cool for 10 minutes. Remove the doughnuts from the pan and place them directly on the baking rack. Set the rack over some parchment or foil before glazing.nFor the glaze: Bring the maple syrup and the remaining half of the brown butter 14 cup to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the bourbon, cook for 1 minute, and then remove from the heat and whisk in the confectioners sugar until smooth and slightly thick. Transfer the glaze to a shallow medium bowl and leave to thicken slightly. Drizzle the glaze over the doughnuts, sprinkle the pecans on top, and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 23 cup pure cane granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 34 cup buttermilk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup grade B maple syrup, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 34 cup finely chopped toasted pecans], title: Brown Butter and Bourbon MapleGlazed Doughnuts, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 16581: {instructions: Poach the egg in vinegar water for 2 to 3 minutes.nPlace the egg in a blender with the mustard and red wine vinegar and blend with the peanut oil. Add the seasonings at the end., ingredients: [1 egg, White wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 cup peanut oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Daniel Bouluds Light Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 16582: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRinse the crawfish. In a large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook for a few minutes. Add the tomatoes, Cajun seasoning and crawfish. Saute for 1 minute. Remove from the heat.nIn a bowl, mix together the cheeses, mayonnaise and parsley. Add the tomato and crawfish mixture to the mayo mixture.nCut the loaf of bread in half and then cut the bread lengthwise. Spoon the mixture on the bread and bake for 10 to 15 minutes. Then broil for an additional 3 to 5 minutes. Watch closely, as not to burn. Cut the bread into individual portions., ingredients: [1 pound crawfish tail meat, peeled, cleaned and deveined, 12 stick butter, 1 clove garlic, minced, 34 cup chopped and drained ripe tomatoes, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, 34 cup Monterey Jack Cheese, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 loaf French bread], title: Crawfish Bread, picturelink: TcyBTHLY4Cp0RlaEf1Z9413nog9tG6S}, 16583: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 minimuffin tinsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the almonds, walnuts, apricots, bread crumbs, sugar, cinnamon, ground cloves, and salt in a food processor. Run the machine until the mixture is very finely chopped. Transfer the mixture to a small bowl. Add 2 tablespoons of the melted butter and the honey and stir to combine.nOn a dry work surface place 1 sheet of phyllo. Using a pastry brush and the remaining melted butter, lightly cover the entire sheet of phyllo with melted butter. Cover the first sheet with a second sheet of phyllo and brush with melted butter. Continue until there is a stack of 6 sheets of phyllo. Cut the stacked phyllo rectangle into 12 equal pieces Cut lengthwise into 4 pieces and widthwise into 3 pieces.nGently press each cut piece of phyllo into the minimuffin tin cups. Press 1 tablespoon of the nut mixture into each of the phyllo cups. Gather the ends of each of the phyllo squares and twist to make a sachet shape. Continue shaping the remaining sachets in the other minimuffin tin. Bake until the edges of the phyllo are golden, about 20 to 25 minutes. When cool enough to handle, remove the baklava sachets and transfer to a serving plate., ingredients: [12 cup almonds, 12 cup walnuts, 14 cup chopped dried apricots, 14 cup plain bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, Pinch of salt, 1 stick butter, melted, divided, 3 tablespoons honey, 12 sheets phyllo dough], title: Simple Baklava, picturelink: Wgq.baW7RLrJy3lCcBrQiz7C70OD62}, 16584: {instructions: Pineapple rings and sweetandsour sauce lend a tropical flair to these veggie burger sandwiches.n1. Heat veggie burgers according to package directions.n2. Place cheese on each burger and continue heating until cheese is melted. Place a burger on each bun and top with pineapple slice, lettuce leaf, and 2 tablespoons sweet and sour sauce.nPreheat grillnUse a food thermometer to be sure patties reach minimum internal temperature of 160 degrees F., ingredients: [1 package Morningstar Farmsu00ae Garden Veggie Pattiesu2122 Veggie Burgers, 4 thin slices Provolone cheese, 4 whole grain sandwich buns, 4 slices pineapple, 4 large lettuce leaves, 8 tablespoons sweet and sour sauce], title: Morningstar Farmsandreg Hawaiian Garden Veggie Pattiesandreg, picturelink: M4iLvTTUvsmE8Rtn7O00SjGv12iXwQS}, 16585: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Clean the whole duck and marinate with fresh lemon juice, salt and sugar mixture for 20 minutes, refrigerated. Place duck in a roasting pan with breast up. Bake for 45 minutes. Remove from oven and drain fat from the duck. Brush the duck with a half portion of red wine and roast the duck for 30 minutes. Drain the fat again and brush the rest of the red wine on the duck. Continue roasting the duck for another 30 minutes until the skin of the duck turns brown and crispy. Remove the duck from the oven, and remove the bones from the duck. Slice the duck into pieces and set it aside., ingredients: [5 pounds whole fresh duckling, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 13 cup red wine cabernet sauvignon], title: Canard Roti avec Gold Leaf Roasted Duckling, picturelink: null}, 16586: {instructions: Combine the tomatillos, cilantro, avocado, onion, jalapeno, garlic, lime juice, cumin, and salt in a food processor or blender and pulse until combined., ingredients: [6 to 8 tomatillos, husked and coarsely chopped about 8 ounces, 34 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and diced, 12 onion, coarsely chopped, 12 jalapeno, coarsely chopped with seeds, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and quartered, Juice of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Tomatillo Guacamole, picturelink: 7Aie.eHC37FmzKkhNDEuJrNHOnUF.}, 16587: {instructions: Add seasonings to flour. Roll chicken wings in mixture. Preheat oil in deep fryer to 375 degrees. Add floured chicken wings and cook for approximately 10 minutes until golden brown.nPrepare rice according to package directions. While rice cooks, add seasonings to egg. Cover frog legs in egg mixture, and then roll in flour.nPreheat vegetable oil in frying pan on a medium flame. Place coated frog legs in pan and brown, uncovered. When finished, pour off the extra oil, leaving frog legs in pan. Add cooking wine and garlic to pan, cover and simmer for 30 minutes.nServe on top of rice with pan juices poured on top., ingredients: [2 cups flour, or enough to cover, Pinch Accent, Pinch salt, Pinch black pepper, Pinch garlic powder, Pinch paprika, Pinch beef base powdered beef stock, 1 pound chicken wings, Oil to cover for frying, Packaged yellow rice, Pinch paprika, Pinch black pepper, Pinch salt, 1 egg, beaten with fork, 1 pound frog legs, 2 cups flour, or enough to coat, 14 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup white cooking wine, 1 medium garlic clove, minced], title: Dots Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 16588: {instructions: Assign 1 guest to pit the olives and another to dice the tomatoes.nBring 12 cups of water and 1 teaspoons of salt to a boil in a large pot.nAt the same time, in another large pot over mediumhigh heat, add 14 cup olive oil along with the garlic, shallots, and walnuts. Stir occasionally for 6 minutes, or until they just begin turning golden.nAdd the basil and stir for 30 seconds to release their flavors.nAdd tomatoes, olives, remaining salt, pepper, chile pepper, and remaining 14 cup of olive oil. Cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add yellow cherry tomatoes at the end.nWhile sauce is simmering, add pasta to the boiling water. Cook according to package directions.nWarm the second loaf of bread in a preheated 325 degrees F oven.nDrain pasta. Add pasta to sauce in pot. Toss thoroughly. Put pasta pot directly on the table, or transfer to a large prewarmed serving bowl.nServe with Parmesan. Dont forget the bread in the oven, ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 12 cloves garlic, minced, 4 large shallots, or 2 small onions, diced, 1 cup walnut pieces, or pine nuts, 2 cups lightly packed fresh basil, coarsely chopped, 12 mediumsize tomatoes, diced or 2 28ounce cans Italian Roma tomatoes, drained, 1 cup Kalamata olives, pitted and coarsely sliced, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried chile peppers, or 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cups yellow cherry tomatoes, whole, 8 servings of fresh or dried pasta, any style or flavor, 1 loaf rustic countrystyle or sourdough bread, 4 ounces ParmigianoReggiano, grated just before serving], title: Pasta Fresca, picturelink: null}, 16589: {instructions: Carving Let the egg half stand at room temperature for about 2 minutes. Then hold it gently, and hollow it out with a melon baller or small spoon. For a view egg, start with the window. Much of the sugar will scoop out easily, but it hardens as it cools you may need to scrape gently. For large eggs, the walls should be about a half inch thick smaller eggs, quarter inch. The sugar you scoop out can be reused for another egg as long as you remove the hard bits. Inevitably, some eggs will break as youre working with them, so its a good idea to make an extra half. Sanding To smooth the rough edges and help join the egg halves neatly, rub the eggs in a circular motion over sandpaper that has been placed in a baking pan to catch the sugar shavings. You can also use sandpaper to smooth opening of a view egg or to make a flat bottom so an egg can stand without toppling if you plan to do this, leave the bottom a little thicker when hollowing out the egg. Sugaring Glue superfine sugar to egg surface with an eggwhiteandwater mixture. Dab powdered coloring into sugar to color it, or leave it plain. Then combine 2 egg whites with a few drops of water beat with a fork until frothy. Working with half an egg at a time, paint whites onto egg with a soft paintbrush. Spoon sugar over wet egg whites, and gently shake off excess sugar. For plaid eggs, make stripes in 1 direction, and sugar them. Let dry, about 15 minutes. Then make stripes in other direction, painting over the first stripes. Hold finished half against other half in order for design to match up, pipe dots of royal icing onto second half to mark where stripes begin.nFlocking This technique incorporates royal icing and sanding sugar, which has a slightly larger, crystallike grain. The icing can be tinted with liquid colors, the sugar with powdered coloring, or they can be left plain. Use a small round tip 1 or 2 to pipe mediumstiff royal icing onto an egg, then spoon the sugar over it. Let dry brush off excess. Joining To join halves, pipe royal icing onto one, and press another against it. Hold in place for a few seconds let dry one hour. For egg ornaments, knot a piece of ribbon at its midpoint, and lay onto royal icing with the knot just inside one half of the egg and both ends of the ribbon sticking out. Dot royal icing onto the ribbon where the other half will join press egg half into place. Let dry. Tie ribbon ends into a small bow or knot. Piping Flowers Different techniques create different flowers. The daffodil is piped onto a flower nail using a small rose tip 101 the petals are pinched at the ends dip your fingers in cornstarch first for a daffodil shape. Let it dry. Use a 1 tip to pipe the flower centers. For the stem, insert tip of a clothcovered wire into a 2 or 3 round tip, and squeeze the bag, forcing wire out and coating tip in icing. Adhere this to back of flower. For the leaves, insert a piece of curved wire into a leaf tip 352, and pipe it out the wire will be at center of leaf. Pipe the lilies of the valley with 80 tip directly onto a wire. The large green leaves are storebought. Anchor leaves and flowers in gum paste. To crystallize edible flowers, thin an egg white or powdered egg whites with a bit of water. Hold the stem with your fingers or tweezers coat with egg white uisng a small paintbrush, and sprinkle with superfine sugar. Put flower on a tray covered with wax paper, set in a warm, dry place to let dry. Working with Gum Paste This malleable, edible substance, available at baking u2013supply stores, can be formed into almost any decoration, and there are many tools to assist you. To make dogwood blossoms, for example, use a pastry brush to dust a smooth work surface with cornstarch, then roll out the gum paste paper thin. Cut it with a dogwoodshaped cutter. Place the flower shape on foam pad use a balling tool to shape petals. Let flower dry on parchment brush on powdered colors.nCombine ingredients with electric mixer beat with paddle attachment on low until fluffy, 7 to 8 minutes. Thin with water if necessary for desired stiffness. Stir before using if not using immediately, cover bowl with damp towel. Yield: about 3 cups.nCandy Molds Cake Decorators Delight 1415 North Portland Oklahoma City, OK 73107 405.946.8888 Studio 6 1618 Route 9 Clifton Park, NY 12065 518.371.4478 Nancy Fancy 3480 Airway Santa Rosa, CA 95403 707.546.2253, ingredients: [5 tablespoons meringue powder, 1 pound confectioners sugar, Scant 12 cup water], title: Sugar Eggs, picturelink: null}, 16590: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Season the pork with salt. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, dredge the pork in the flour and add to the skillet reserve the flour. Cook until browned, 1 minute per side. Transfer to a plate.nReduce the heat to medium add the shallot to the skillet and cook, stirring, until soft, 3 minutes. Increase the heat to medium high. Add the sage and 2 teaspoons of the reserved flour. Cook until sizzling, 30 seconds. Add the wine bring to a boil. Cook until reduced by half, 2 minutes. Add 1 cup broth return to a boil and cook until thickened, 2 minutes. Add the pork return to a simmer. Top each chop with a prosciutto slice, then the cheeses. Broil until bubbling, 1 to 2 minutes.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the chopped prosciutto cook until crisp, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the peas, the remaining 14 cup broth and 14 teaspoon salt. Cover cook until the peas are tender, 5 minutes. Uncover increase the heat to medium high. Cook until the liquid is reduced, 1 minute. Serve with the pork., ingredients: [4 boneless centercut pork chops 12 inch thick 5 ounces each, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 8 fresh sage leaves, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 14 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 5 thin slices prosciutto about 3 ounces, 1 slice chopped, 1 cup grated fontina cheese about 2 ounces, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 1 10ounce package frozen peas], title: Pork Saltimbocca with Peas, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 16591: {instructions: Combine water, sugar and pineapple in a large saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Stir, remove from heat and let cool. Process in a food processor to a rough puree. Transfer to a shallow baking dish and freeze until hard, 4 to 5 hours. Just before serving, chop the ice into fine chunks with a fork or ice pick. Serve in large goblets., ingredients: [1 large ripe pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 14inch pieces, 12 cup water, 34 cup granulated sugar], title: Fresh Pineapple Ice, picturelink: null}, 16592: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil, add pasta, and cook to al dente.nIn a food processor, combine basil and pine nuts, and blend. Add the garlic and drizzle in the olive oil while the processor is in operation. When the mixture turns to a paste, add the salt, pepper, and Parmesan, and pulse until well blended.nTo serve, simply combine the pasta and pesto together, and sprinkle Parmesan on top., ingredients: [1 pound fusilli pasta, 3 cups fresh basil, 2 tablespoons lightly toasted pine nuts, 3 garlic cloves, 3 cups extrairgin olive oil, Pinch salt, 12 teaspoon cracked pepper, 1 cup grated Parmesan], title: Pesto with Fusilli, picturelink: null}, 16593: {instructions: Wash cranberries and set aside.nBring sugar and water to a boil. Add cranberries, oranges, and cloves. Simmer over a high flame, stirring frequently, until berries pop open. Add crushed pineapple, walnuts, and cinnamon, and blend. Cool and serve., ingredients: [1 pound 4 cups fresh cranberries, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 1 whole orange, unpeeled, seeds removed, and chopped fine, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 cup crushed pineapple, drained, 12 cup chopped walnuts, Sprinkle ground cinnamon], title: Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16594: {instructions: Line a large plate with several layers of paper towels. Arrange the tofu slices on top in a single layer, then cover with more paper towels and set another plate on top let drain 5 minutes. Season the tofu with salt and pepper rub with 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch. Whisk the lemon zest, 12 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt and the remaining 12 tablespoon cornstarch in a bowl set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until very hot. Add the tofu and cook until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the pan. Add the scallion whites and ginger and cook 30 seconds. Add the mushrooms and carrots and cook until just tender, about 3 minutes. Add the snap peas and 14 teaspoon salt cook, stirring, 4 more minutes. Whisk the lemon zest mixture, add it to the pan and simmer 2 minutes. Stir in the scallion greens. Meanwhile, prepare the rice as the label directs. Serve with the tofu and vegetables.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 14ounce block firm tofu, sliced lengthwise into 4 rectangles, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 scallions, chopped, white and green parts separated, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 8ounce package sliced mixed mushrooms, 3 cups sliced carrots, 34 pound sugar snap peas, trimmed, 3 cups frozen brown rice or prepared brown rice], title: Crispy Tofu With Vegetables, picturelink: sD7rJ3S21zet2i9V8PpbPAa1.Ih6xPS}, 16595: {instructions: Stir eggs until mixed together, add flour, salt and olive oil. With a dough hook, knead mix for about 15 to 20 minutes. Form into 6ounce balls and refrigerate for 12 hour. Flatten pasta dough, by running through pasta machine or by rolling, until about 14inch in thickness.nMix all ingredients together.nSpoon out 12ounce balls of mixture and place them on sheet of pasta, spaced evenly apart. Brush flattened pasta with egg yolk wash. Cover with a second sheet of pasta of the same size. Press top layer of pasta over balls of ravioli mix, making sure to get the air out. Cut with round cutter or knife to desired shape. Place finished ravioli into pot of boiling salted water, for about 1 minute. Remove from water. Place on plate, drizzle ravioli with olive oil, diced tomatoes and basil. Serve.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [6 eggs, 1 14 cups durum flour, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Egg wash, for brushing dough mix 1 egg yolk with 1 tablespoon water, 1 cup sheeps milk ricotta, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 2 egg yolks, Pinch nutmeg, Pinch salt and pepper, Olive oil, tomatoes, basil], title: Sheeps Milk Ricotta and Parmesan Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 16596: {instructions: Heat olive oil in medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and garlic and saute until soft. Add the rice and mix to coat with the oil and cook for 2 minutes. Raise the heat to high, add the wine and cook until all the liquid has evaporated. Place the stock and the squid ink in a large saucepan over high heat and stir to combine. Begin adding the hot squid stock 1 12 cups at a time and cook until the liquid is absorbed. Continue until the stock is gone and the rice is al dente. Add the squid and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste.nPreheat grill or grill pan. Toss prawns in olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side until just cooked through.nBlanch the scallions for 30 seconds in a large pot of boiling salted water over high heat. Drain and shock in cold water. Combine the scallions, onion, garlic, and vinegar in a blender and process until pureed. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until emulsified. Add the honey, season to taste with salt and pepper and pour into a squeeze bottle.nAssemble: Spoon the risotto into 4 bowls. Top each bowl with 2 prawns and drizzle with the green onion vinaigrette and some of the chopped lobster., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 cups arborio rice, 1 cup dry white wine, 6 cups shrimp stock, clam stock or vegetable stock, 2 tablespoons squid ink, 12 pound squid, cut into 14inch rings, 14 cup finely chopped flat leaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 prawns, shelled, deveined, head on, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 8 scallions, 12 large white onion, cut into chunks, 3 garlic cloves, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 cup pure olive oil, 1 teaspoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound lobster, steamed, meat removed and coarsely chopped], title: Black Squid Ink Risotto with Grilled Prawns, Lobster and Green Onion Vinaigrette, picturelink: tea5pxy5zPM8j3p8yMcOhke7.JyHLO}, 16597: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Butter 2 quart baking dish. In a 3 quart saucepan heat milk, salt, sugar  butter to boiling point. Slowly add cornmeal and stir with a wooden spoon for a few minutes or until mixture is thick. Remove from heat and transfer to a mixing bowl. Beat in baking powder and baking soda, Beat in buttermilk, scallions and egg yolks, one at a time.nCool to room temperature. Whip egg whites until stiff and fold in. Bake 40 minutes or until top is puffy. Spoon out onto plates alongside salad. Serve with soup of choice., ingredients: [1 12 cups milk, 1 teaspoon each salt and sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup buttermilk, 3 eggs, separated, 2 green onions, thinly sliced], title: Spoonbread, picturelink: null}, 16598: {instructions: Preheat a deep fryer or a deep pot of oil to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, a dash of salt and pepper, cinnamon, and the nutmeg, to taste.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the egg and the buttermilk. Whisk into the flour mixture until smooth. Let rest for 30 minutes in the refrigerator.nDip the banana chunks in the batter and fry until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels. Dust with powdered sugar and serve., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 egg, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 pounds bananas, peeled and cut into 3inch chunks on the diagonal, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Banana Fritters, picturelink: null}, 16599: {instructions: Place the diced cucumber in a colander and sprinkle with the salt, tossing to mix well. Set the colander in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and allow to drain for 3 to 6 hours. Line a sieve with cheesecloth and place the plain yogurt on top of the cheesecloth. Place the sieve over a bowl and allow to drain for 3 to 6 hours.nPat the drained cucumber dry and transfer to a large bowl. Add the yogurt and stir to combine. Add the olive oil, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, garlic and mint, mixing gently until thoroughly blended. Season to taste with additional lemon juice, salt and freshly ground pepper., ingredients: [1 large English cucumber or 2 small cucumber, peeled, seeded and finely diced, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 cups plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 to 5 large cloves garlic, finely minced, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, coarsely chopped or 2 tablespoons dried mint, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Tzatziki Yogurt, Garlic and Cucumber Salad, picturelink: null}, 16600: {instructions: Puree the Simple Syrup and 2 cups of the sliced peaches in a blender until smooth. Pour the puree into a glass pitcher. Add the peach liqueur and lime juice. Add the raspberries, lime slices and the remaining peach slices. Stir to blend. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nJust before serving, add the club soda and prosecco. Ladle the sangria with some of each fruit into large wine goblets and serve.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved, 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 20 minutes. Strain before using.nYield: 1 13cups., ingredients: [14 cup Simple Syrup, recipe follows, One 1pound bag frozen peach slices, thawed, 12 cup peach liqueur or brandy, such as Matilde, DeKuyper or Bols, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 12 cup fresh or frozen raspberries, thawed, 1 lime, thinly sliced, 14 cup chilled club soda, One 750ml bottle chilled prosecco or other sparkling white wine, 1 cup sugar], title: Peach, Raspberry and Lime Sangria, picturelink: 3IHsh5hyiIijHo7ql3PpBSidTv3zWxu}, 16601: {instructions: Special equipment: Oven with convection setting 4 baking sheets 3 silicone baking mats Finemesh sieve Pastry bag with 14inch round tipnPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F using the convection setting. Line 3 baking sheets with silicone mats. Measure the confectioners sugar and almond flour by spooning them into measuring cups and leveling with a knife. Transfer to a bowl whisk to combine.nSift the sugaralmond flour mixture, a little at a time, through a finemesh sieve into a large bowl, pressing with a rubber spatula to pass through as much as possible. It will take a while, and up to 2 tablespoons of coarse almond flour may be left just toss it.nBeat the egg whites, cream of tartar and salt with a mixer on medium speed until frothy. Increase the speed to medium high gradually add the superfine sugar and beat until stiff and shiny, about 5 more minutes.nTransfer the beaten egg whites to the bowl with the almond flour mixture. Draw a rubber spatula halfway through the mixture and fold until incorporated, giving the bowl a quarter turn with each fold.nAdd the food coloring and extract see below. Continue folding and turning, scraping down the bowl, until the batter is smooth and falls off the spatula in a thin flat ribbon, 2 to 3 minutes.nTransfer the batter to a pastry bag fitted with a 14inch round tip. Holding the bag vertically and close to the baking sheet, pipe 1 14inch circles 24 per sheet. Firmly tap the baking sheets twice against the counter to release any air bubbles.nLet the cookies sit at room temperature until the tops are no longer sticky to the touch, 15 minutes to 1 hour, depending on the humidity. Slip another baking sheet under the first batch a double baking sheet protects the cookies from the heat.nBake the first batch until the cookies are shiny and rise 18 inch to form a foot, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool completely. Repeat, using a double sheet for each batch. Peel the cookies off the mats and sandwich with a thin layer of filling see below.nAlmondRaspberry:nTint the batter with 2 drops neon pink gel food coloring flavor with almond extract. Fill with seedless raspberry jam youll need about 34 cup.nMintWhite Chocolate:nTint the batter with 2 drops mint green gel food coloring flavor with mint extract. For the filling, microwave 3 ounces chopped white chocolate, 2 tablespoons heavy cream and 1 tablespoon butter in 30second intervals, stirring, until smooth. Stir in 14 teaspoon mint extract and 1 drop mint green gel food coloring.nBlueberry Cheesecake:nTint the batter with 3 drops royal blue gel food coloring flavor with vanilla extract. For the filling, mix 4 ounces softened cream cheese and 3 tablespoons blueberry jam.nLavendarHoney:nTint the batter with 2 drops violet gel food coloring flavor with almond or vanilla extract. For the filling, mix 34 cup mascarpone cheese, 2 tablespoons honey and 1 teaspoon ground dried lavender.nPineapple:nTint the batter with 2 drops lemon yellow gel food coloring flavor with vanilla extract. For the filling, press 34 cup pineapple jam through a sieve, discarding any large pieces.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 34 cups confectioners sugar, 1 cup almond flour, 3 large egg whites, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch of salt, 14 cup superfine sugar, 2 to 3 drops gel food coloring see below, 12 teaspoon vanilla, almond or mint extract, Assorted fillings see below], title: French Macaroons, picturelink: cQBASLJztM2fL31POpRjbSlR4wumui}, 16602: {instructions: Finely chop the tuna with a chefs knife. Place tuna in a bowl and mix in lemon, onion, parsley, relish, bread crumbs and eggs until well combined. Season with salt and pepper. Shape tuna mixture into 6 round patties. Brush both sides of tuna burgers with vegetable oil and season again with salt and pepper. Cook the tuna burgers in a non stick skillet over medium heat for 5 minutes each side until they are cooked through.nServe on hamburger buns with whatever you fancy. Some suggestions are cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickles, mustard, ketchup and barbecue sauce., ingredients: [1 12 pounds albacore tuna fillets, rinsed and patted dry, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 green onions, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon sweet relish, 13 cup dried bread crumbs, 2 eggs, Salt and pepper, to taste, Vegetable oil], title: Albacore Tuna Burgers, picturelink: null}, 16603: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nClean and soak the cornhusks in warm water for 1 hour.nIn a bowl, mix by hand the masa, oil, baking powder and salt. Add the brown sugar and cinnamon and mix well. Gently mix in the apple pie filling and pecans. For small tamales, place about 3 tablespoons filling on the smooth side of 1 cornhusk and wrap. There is no rule to wrapping tamales, just do the best you can and have fun. However, peeling apart a cornhusk into strips and using as ties to hold together each tamale is helpful.nBring water to a boil in a tamale pot or steamer. Steam the tamales over medium heat until the masa is no longer white and doughy, about 40 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds dry cornhusks, for wrapping, 2 12 pounds fresh masa, 1 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 12 cups brown sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 2 12ounce cans apple pie filling, 2 2 12ounce packets chopped pecans], title: Apple with Pecan Tamale, picturelink: B2f2MW46qhwAaKjZ7P7NOnax3YfnJq}, 16604: {instructions: In a bowl toss the orange slices gently with the mint, olive oil, garlic, coriander, cayenne if using, sugar, and salt to taste.nCut sliced countrystyle bread into 34inch cubes and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 7 to 10 minutes or until they are just crisp.nLine the bottom of a platter with the arugula. Arrange the oranges on top, overlapping the slices. Sprinkle the olives over the oranges, and serve each portion topped with onefourth of the croutons., ingredients: [6 oranges, peel and pith removed with a knife and cut crosswise into thin slices, 13 cup chopped fresh mint, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 garlic clove, minced about 12 to 1 teaspoon, or to taste, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, Pinch of cayenne, optional, Pinch of sugar, Salt to taste, 1 large bunch of arugula, stems removed, rinsed well and spun dry, 13 cup pitted Kalamata olives, sliced into slivers, 1 cup 12inch croutons], title: Orange and Black Olive Salad, picturelink: null}, 16605: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Stir in the onions, butter, thyme and bay leaves. Cook, adding some water and scraping up any brown bits from the bottom of the pot occasionally, until the onions are deep golden brown, about 45 minutes.nStir the flour into the onions and then add the beef stock, wine and some salt, and simmer for 30 minutes. Discard the bay leaves.nWhile the soup cooks, slice a few inches from the tops of the boules and pull out the bread inside, leaving a 1inch thick crust. Reserve the insides for serving with the soup.nPreheat the broiler. Put the bread bowls on a baking sheet. Ladle the soup into the bread bowls. Divide the Gruyere among the bowls and broil until the cheese is melted and bubbly, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the soup bowls to plates and serve hot with the reserved bread, for dipping in the soup.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Put enough olive oil in a heavybottomed roasting pan to coat the bottom, then add the beef bones. Roast until browned, turning occasionally, 35 to 40 minutes.nPut the carrots, celery, onions, bay leaves, garlic and peppercorns in a large stock pot . Add the beef bones, making sure to scrape off and add any brown bits from the roasting pan. Add 8 cups water and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, skimming any scum on the surface. Lower the heat and simmer, skimming every hour or so, for 4 12 hours.nStrain the stock through a fine strainer into a metal container. Set the container in an ice bath to cool. If not using right away, refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 1 week, or freeze for 4 months., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 medium yellow onions, sliced thin, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 cup dry white wine, Kosher salt, 6 cups Homemade Beef Stock, recipe follows, 4 sourdough boules, each about 1 pound, and 10 inches in diameter, 2 cups grated Gruyere cheese, 2 3 tablespoons olive oil, 5 pounds meaty beef bones, such as shank bones, 4 carrots, halved, 4 stalks celery, halved, 2 large yellow onions, halved, 2 bay leaves, 1 head garlic, halved, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns], title: French Onion Soup, picturelink: 4cRF0ome4plsIZ3MdQBYFHdezzbdoc2}, 16606: {instructions: Blend tuna caviar, olive oil, lemon and lime juice and pumpkin seed oil in a blender. Fold in to that mixture the pumpkinseeds, garlic chives, tuna and salt and pepper. Reserve 4 tablespoons of dressing. Refrigerate until ready to assemble dish.nToss all the ingredients and bake in a preheated 400 degree oven until tender, about 5 to 8 minutes. Once cooked, chill.nMix all ingredients together.nAssembly: In a 3inch round mold, first layer the calabaza squash. Then layer the tuna. Remove the mold and top with peppercress salad. Drizzle the remaining 4 tablespoons of caviar dressing on the plate., ingredients: [1 teaspoon tuna caviar, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons pumpkin seed oil, 12 cup toasted, ground pumpkin seeds, 1 tablespoon garlic chives, chopped, 1 pound Big Eye Tuna, diced, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 pound Calabaza squash, 1inch dice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, 8 ounces peppercress, 1 tablespoon pumpkin seed oil, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 lime, juiced, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Big Eye Tuna Ceviche with Peppercress and Roasted Calabaza Salad in a Tuna Caviar Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 16607: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nScoop out the pumpkins seeds and pulp with a spoon and put into a colander. Rinse away all the stringy stuff. Give the seeds a separate rinse to make sure theyre clean.nSpread the seeds out on a rimmed baking sheet and roast until dried out, 30 to 45 minutes. Toss with enough oil to nicely coat this will depend on how many seeds you harvested, season with salt and sprinkle with the zaatar spice. Return the seeds to the oven and continue to roast until crunchy and golden, 20 to 30 minutes more., ingredients: [1 pumpkin, top cut off, Olive oil, for tossing, Kosher salt, 1 12 tablespoons zaatar spice], title: Roasted Pumpkin Seeds, picturelink: TJedmKVW2WmSFT01rodKRh74CMlxJYm}, 16608: {instructions: Can be found at specialty Latin marketsnIn a medium saucepan, combine the water, hibiscus flowers, and sugar over mediumhigh heat. Bring the mixture to a boil, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Allow the mixture to cool for 25 minutes. Add the lemon juice, lime juice, and vodka.nPlace the ice in a tall pitcher. Strain the hibiscus tea into the pitcher and discard the flowers. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [4 cups water, 2 cups 2 ounces dried hibiscus flowers or dried rose petals, 1 34 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 cup vodka, chilled, 1 cup ice], title: Hibiscus Tea with Vodka and Citrus, picturelink: PHGlOPz6KHxbtIf3k2YKRAKonYbWyKS}, 16609: {instructions: Special equipment: a 1 14inch round cookie cutter a pastry bag fitted with small plain tip or a heavyduty sealable plastic bag not pleatednTo make the cookie dough: Follow recipe for basic butter cookies, forming dough into 2 balls instead of a log and flattening each into a 6inch disk. Chill disks, wrapped in plastic wrap, until firm, at least 1 hour. To make the lemon curd: Simmer lemon juice, zest, sugar, butter, cornstarch, and salt in a 2quart heavy saucepan over moderately high heat, whisking constantly, 1 minute. Lightly beat yolks in a small bowl, then add 14 cup lemon mixture, whisking. Add yolk mixture to remaining lemon mixture, then reduce heat to low and cook, whisking constantly, until curd is thick enough to hold marks of whisk, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, then cover surface with plastic wrap and chill while rolling out dough. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. While oven preheats, roll out 1 piece of dough keep remaining dough chilled into a 9inch round slightly less than 14inch thick on a wellfloured surface with a wellfloured rolling pin. If dough becomes too soft to roll out, chill on a baking sheet until firm. Cut out as many cookies as possible with cutter. Bake cookies, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, until edges are golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Dredge warm cookies in confectioners sugar until coated and transfer to a rack to cool completely. Make more cookies in same manner. Transfer lemon curd to pastry bag or plastic bag snip an 18inch opening in a corner of plastic bag. Put 1 cookie upside down on work surface and pipe about 12 teaspoon lemon curd onto cookie, then top with another cookie, right side up, to form a sandwich. Make more sandwiches in same manner. Just before serving, sift some remaining confectioners sugar over tops of sandwiched cookies. Cookies baked and coated with confectioners sugar but not filled with lemon curd keep, layered between sheets of wax paper or parchment, in an airtight container at room temperature 1 week. Lemon curd before filling cookies can be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Sandwiched cookies without additional confectioners sugar keep, layered between sheets of waxed paper or parchment in an airtight container, chilled, 4 days.nWhisk together flour, baking powder, and salt in a small bowl. Beat together butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer at mediumhigh speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes in a standing mixer preferably fitted with paddle attachment or 6 with a handheld. Beat in egg and vanilla. Reduce speed to low, then add flour mixture and mix until just combined., ingredients: [Ingredients for Basic Butter Cookies, recipe follows, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar for dredging and dusting, 34 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh lemon zest, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, cut into bits, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 large egg yolks, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks 34 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Petite Lemon Curd Cookies, picturelink: null}, 16610: {instructions: Grate potatoes. Measure and sift flour. Measure butter. Soak sugar lumps in brandy. Remove stone of whole apricots. Measure bread crumbs, sugar and brandy. Measure ingredients for sauce. Mix flour with grated potato, add salt and egg yolk. Rub in butter and then turn dough out onto a floured board and knead. Press out dough to 14inch thick. Place a lump of brandied sugar in each half apricot, cover with another apricot half. Cut dough into 4inch squares. Place apricot in the center and wrap dough around, squeezing edges of dough together. Trim off outside. Roll dumpling between palms of hands. Drop dumplings into a large saucepan of salted boiling water. Boil gently for 12 minutes. Remove with slotted spoon and drain. Fry the bread crumbs with the sugar and 3 tablespoons fresh butter until crisp. Roll the dumplings in the bread crumbs and sprinkle with cinnamon. Place onto a heated serving dish. Coat with apricot sauce. Serve remaining sauce separately. Sauce: Place apricot halves with brandy and apricot juice into a blender and puree. Heat gently in a saucepan., ingredients: [1 pound cold cooked potatoes, 3 34 cups all purpose flour, 38ths cup butter, 1 egg yolk, Pinch salt, 12 whole apricots, 12 lumps of sugar, 1 14 cups white bread crumbs, 14 cup fine sugar, Cinnamon, 3 tablespoons brandy, 10 apricot halves, 14 cup apricot juice, 14 cup brandy], title: Wachauer Aprikosenknodel Apricot Dumplings, picturelink: Noj026pdzeKl8n6G58HlW7Cv8ATOiZ6}, 16611: {instructions: Place 4 cups 12 inchcubed watermelon about 1 14 pounds lightly smashed and 6 sprigs mint lightly crushed in a pitcher. For still infused water, add 2 quarts of water. For sparkling water, add 1 quart of seltzer during prep and a second quart just before serving. Refrigerate 2 to 4 hours to allow the ingredients to infuse. Stir well and strain, discarding the solids. For serving, add fresh watermelon and mint sprigs for garnish and plenty of ice. The infused water will keep refrigerated for up to 2 days., ingredients: [], title: WatermelonMint Water, picturelink: nBMbenbBNas0nzVWoPHOOrbMAlcLvK}, 16612: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.n2. To prepare the chickens, in a small bowl, combine the butter, thyme leaves, parsley, and lemon juice and zest and mix well. Rub the herb butter under the skin of the breast and over the meat of the chickens. Season all over with the salt and pepper.n3. Tuck the wing tips under the backs of the chickens and use kitchen twine to tie the legs together. Put the onion, carrots, celery, thyme sprigs, and wine in a large roasting pan. Cover with a roasting rack and place the chickens on the rack breast side up. Roast in the center of the oven until the chickens are golden brown, their skin is crispy, and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh joint registers 165 degrees F to 170 degrees F, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Discard the onion, carrots, celery, and thyme.n4. While the chickens are roasting, make the potatoes. In a small bowl, combine the salt, pepper, garlic, onion, oregano, and paprika and mix well. Spread the potatoes evenly on two large rimmed baking sheets and drizzle them with the olive oil. Sprinkle the spice mixture over the potatoes and shake the pans to coat evenly. Roast, turning the potatoes halfway through cooking, until tender when pierced with a knife and browned in spots, about 45 minutes.n5. To prepare the cauliflower, remove the outer green leaves from both heads, leaving the cores intact. Place one cauliflower head on its base on a cutting board. Using a sharp knife, cut it into 1inch, bitesize florets. Transfer the florets to a large bowl. Repeat with the other cauliflower. Add the olive oil, salt, black pepper, garlic, onion, parsley, and chili flakes and toss until well coated. Spread the cauliflower evenly on two large rimmed baking sheets. Roast until tender and golden brown around the edges, 20 to 25 minutes.n6. Transfer one roasted chicken to a platter, tent loosely with aluminum foil, and let stand for 15 minutes. To serve, carve the chicken into 10 pieces and serve with half of the roasted potatoes and cauliflower., ingredients: [14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 to 3 thyme sprigs, plus 1 tablespoon thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon minced flatleaf parsley, Juice and zest of 2 lemons, Two 4 12 to 5pound freerange, organic chickens, rinsed and dried, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 4 medium carrots, coarsely chopped, 4 celery stalks, coarsely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon granulated onion, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 2 teaspoons paprika, 5 pounds small Red Bliss potatoes, scrubbed and rinsed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 large cauliflower heads, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon granulated onion, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes], title: OvenRoasted Chicken with Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes and Cauliflower Florets, picturelink: QGv.hD2AnAF5NTAq8CXmskMB8NAbZUi}, 16613: {instructions: Heat oil in a large stock pot over mediumhigh heat. Add garlic, onion, carrots, and celery and saute 2 minutes. Add chicken and cook until chicken is golden brown on all sides. Add thyme and stir to coat. Add broth, salt and black pepper, increase heat to high and bring to a boil. Partially cover and boil for 5 minutes. Stir in the frozen peas.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine flour, cornmeal, sage, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and pepper. Add buttermilk and oil and stir with a fork until mixture comes together. Using a spoon or a small ice cream scoop, drop 8 golf ball size dumplings into simmering liquid. Cover pan and cook for 5 minutes without lifting lid, until dumplings are puffed up and cooked through.nServe soup with dumplings., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 onion, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into bitesize pieces, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 8 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 cup frozen peas, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup cornmeal, 1 12 teaspoons dried sage, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Chicken Soup with Cornmeal Sage Dumplings, picturelink: oKmKKEi8m0Ni3YJ8Vf9hZz.xSFbwE2m}, 16614: {instructions: Place butter in a saute pan over a medium heat. Cook bacon until crispy, remove from the heat and place contents of pan in a mixing bowl. Allow bacon and fat to cool, slightly. Add eggs and cheese and mix well. Cook pasta until al dente and toss with other ingredients. Place on top of grilled dough and place under a broiler until the mixture raises slightly about 3 to 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nDrink Recommendations: Peroni Beer MittnachtKlack, Tokay Pinot Gris, Vin dAlsace, 1997, ingredients: [1 teaspoon butter, 1 grilled dough, 4 ounces fresh spinach linguine, 2 strips thick cut bacon, sliced on the bias in 18inch thickness, 1 large egg, 13 cup Locatelli romano cheese grated, 14 cup Italian parsley, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pizza Carbonara, picturelink: null}, 16615: {instructions: Pour enough oil to fill a deepfryer about a third of the way. Heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Pat the fish dry with paper towels. Sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper. Dip the fish in flour and tap off the excess flour. Then dip the fish into the egg wash and then the breadcrumbs, ensuring to coat evenly. Repeat the process with each fillet, then carefully drop the coated fish in the fryer. Cook the fish in batches until golden brown on both sides, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove from the fryer and place on paper towels to drain excess oil. Serve lemons on the side. Serve with choice of Chips and Guacamole.nWash, rinse and dry the potatoes. Then slice to width of 12inch planks, end to end. Repeat the process by cutting lengthwise, to yield 12inch by 12inch, full length fries. Cut all the potatoes, cold water rinse and dry over paper towels.nHeat the oil to 350 degrees F in a deep fryer.nNext blanch the fries until the exterior starts to brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the fryer and let air dry, then refrigerate on baking pans. Fries need to cool 1 one hour in cooler before stacking in storage pans.nReturn the oil to 350 degrees. Drop 10 fries per order, cooking until crisp golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the basket, allow any excess oil to drip, then season with salt and pepper.nIn a bowl, with a wooden spoon, mash the avocado and lemon juice until smooth. Add the cilantro, tomatoes, salt and Sriracha. Serve immediately or refrigerate until serving., ingredients: [2 quarts grapeseed or vegetable oil, for frying, 3 pounds halibut or firm white fish, cut in 5 to 6 portions, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 quart egg wash equal parts whole eggs and milk, mixed well, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 6 lemons halves, for serving, Chips, recipe follows, Guacamole, recipe follows, 6 each, medium count Idaho potatoes, 12 gallon vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup ripe avocado, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons finely diced tomato, 12 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon Sriracha], title: California Fish and Chips, picturelink: iK2a4GIBkqKxRvMld9fE7Yzq1w.XLCq}, 16616: {instructions: Make the meatballs: Mix the sausage and parsley in a bowl with your hands until combined. Dampen your hands and form the meat into 34inch balls you should have about 40. Heat the olive oil in a large pot over high heat. Working in batches, add the meatballs and cook, turning, until browned, about 7 minutes. Transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon.nReduce the heat to medium high and add the soppressata, onion, celery, carrots and garlic. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are slightly softened, about 6 minutes. Add the tomato paste and basil and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Stir in the wine, tomato puree and 3 cups water. Reduce the heat to medium low and return the meatballs to the pot. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sauce thickens, 1 hour, 20 minutes.nPrepare the lasagna: Whisk the ricotta, eggs and parmesan in a medium bowl. Fill a large bowl with hot water. Working in batches, soak the noodles until just pliable, about 5 minutes. Lay out on a clean kitchen towel and pat dry.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a deep 10by13inch baking dish. Lay 6 noodles in the bottom of the dish so they go partway up the sides and overlap slightly. Spread half of the ricotta mixture over the noodles, then top with half of the meatballs and 1 12 cups sauce. Sprinkle with half each of the mozzarella and pecorino. Repeat the layers noodles, ricotta mixture, meatballs, sauce, mozzarella and pecorino. Top with the remaining 6 noodles and cover with the remaining sauce.nTightly cover the dish with foil and bake until bubbly, about 30 minutes. Uncover and bake until browned, about 15 more minutes. Let stand 20 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 pounds sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces sliced soppressata, chopped, 1 white onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 large cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 12 cup dry red wine, 3 cups tomato puree from a 28ounce can, 1 15ounce container wholemilk ricotta cheese, 3 large eggs, 1 cup grated parmesan cheese about 4 ounces, 18 noboil lasagna noodles from two 9ounce packages, Unsalted butter, for the baking dish, 4 cups grated partskim mozzarella cheese about 1 pound, 12 cup grated pecorino romano cheese about 2 ounces], title: Sausage Meatball Lasagna, picturelink: Q233eS7UTS9ieAuwDeT58VZUt9tKSGq}, 16617: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over high heat. Add the olive oil, then the garlic. Saute until the garlic is lightly browned. Add the chiles and saute briefly to release their character. Add the corn and cook briskly, stirring often, until partially cooked, about 3 minutes. Add the damn hot peppers then simmer, stirring, until the corn is just tender, about 2 minutes.nRemove from the heat, whisk in the butter, and stir in the chives. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve immediately.nIn a nonreactive saucepan, heat the oil. When the oil is hot add the bell peppers, jalapenos, and gray salt. Cook over mediumhigh heat for about 15 minutes or until the peppers are partially tender. Stir from the bottom from time to time, adjusting the heat as necessary so that they dont brown. There will still be some liquid left in the pot.nAdd the tomatoes, lower the heat to simmer and continue to cook for about 30 minutes to reduce the tomato juice and finish cooking the peppers. Add additional salt if needed. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 4 cups corn kernels, from about 5 ears corn, 2 cups Damn Hot Peppers alla padella, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup thinly sliced fresh chives, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound green bell peppers, halved, seeded and cut into pieces that are 1inch, 2 jalapenos, cut into 18inch slices, 2 teaspoons gray salt, and more if needed, 1 cup fresh tomato puree peel, seed and puree one pound ripe tomatoes in a food processor], title: SkilletFried Corn and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 16618: {instructions: Preheat a large skillet over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes. Raise the heat to high and heat 1 tablespoon oil. Season half the beef with salt and pepper, add to the skillet, arranging it in a single layer, and saute, without stirring, until wellbrowned and still pinkish inside, about 1 to 2 minutes. It is key to only partially cook the meat at this stage, since it will be finish cooking later in the sauce. Transfer to a large plate and set aside. Repeat with the remaining oil and beef. Discard any excess oil.nReturn the skillet to mediumhigh heat. Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter and, when the foaming begins to subside, add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until wellbrowned, about 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to the plate with the beef.nHeat 4 tablespoons butter and, just as the foaming begins to subside, add the onion and cook, stirring, until lightly caramelized, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 1 minute more. Whisk in the flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Pour in the beef broth and, whisking constantly, bring to a full boil. Remove from the heat. Whisk in the sour cream, mustard, and lemon juice and season with pepper to taste. Set the sauce aside covered.nBring a large pot of water to a boil, salt generously, and cook the noodles until tender but not mushy. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. Toss with the butter and season with pepper to taste.nAdd the beef and any juices, mushrooms, and parsley to the sauce and reheat over medium heat until just hot. Do not boil. Divide the noodles among 4 plates and top with the stroganoff. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound beef sirloin, cut into 2x1x18inch strips, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 ounces button mushrooms, quartered, 1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups beef broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 14 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf parsley leaves, Kosher salt, One 12ounce package wide egg noodles, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Beef Stroganoff, picturelink: clniMpUh95XxmkeaSXSieGZBnimNnC}, 16619: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil. Working batches, cook the lasagna noodles until they are soft and pliable but not limp, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove the pasta from the boiling water and lay flat on a sheet tray to cool. Reserve.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil and bring to mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook until brown and crumbly. Remove from pan and reserve on paper towels.nDitch the fat from the pan and add new olive oil along with 2 cloves of garlic and a pinch of crushed red pepper. Bring the pan to mediumhigh heat. When the garlic becomes golden and very aromatic, remove it from the heat and discard. Toss in the mushrooms and season them with salt. Cook the mushrooms until they are soft and wilted and dark brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from pan and reserve. Repeat this process with the remaining garlic and the zucchini.nIn a small bowl, combine the ricotta, 12 the ParmigianoReggiano, the eggs, and the basil. Mix to combine well and season with salt.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bottom of a 9 by 13inch deepdish baking dish, add a couple ladlefuls of sauce and spread out in an even layer. Arrange a layer of the lasagna noodles to completely cover the sauce. Spread 13 of the ricotta mixture over the pasta. Place a layer of pasta going in the other direction as the first layer this will give a little more stability. Spread a light layer of sauce on the pasta and sprinkle 13 of the sausage over the sauce, repeat this process with 13 of the mushrooms and zucchini. Sprinkle a layer of mozzarella and some of the remaining ParmigianoReggiano over the veggies. Repeat these layers until all the ingredients have been used up or the pan is full. Be sure that there is a layer of pasta on top covered with sauce and sprinkled with mozzarella and Parmigiano. Cover with foil.nPlace the lasagna on a baking sheet and bake in the oven until the lasagna is hot and bubbly, about 1 hour 15 minutes, removing the foil for the last 15 minutes of cooking. Let cool for 20 minutes before slicing.nNote: For optimal slicing, make and bake the lasagna the day before. Heat it up again before slicing.nCoat a large saucepot with olive oil and add the pancetta. Bring the pot to mediumhigh heat and cook the pancetta for 4 to 5 minutes. Add the onions, season generously with salt, and stir to coat with the olive oil. Cook the onions for 6 to 7 minutes, stirring frequently the onions should become very soft and aromatic but have no color. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes, stirring frequently.nPass the tomatoes through a food mill. Be sure to pass all of the pulp through the holes leaving only the stems and the seeds, and be sure to scrape the pulp off of the bottom of the food mill. Thats all of the big money stuff Add the tomatoes to the pot and rinse out one of the empty tomato cans with water and add that water to the pot about 2 to 3 cups. Season generously with salt and taste it tomatoes take a lot of salt. Season in baby steps and taste every step of the way. Cook the sauce for 2 to 3 hours, stirring occasionally and tasting frequently.nUse the sauce right away on pasta or for any other tomato sauce need. This sauce can also be cooled and stored in the fridge for a few days or it freezes really well., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 12 16ounce boxes lasagna noodles, Olive oil, 1 pound bulk Italian sausage, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, divided, Crushed red pepper flakes, 1 12ounce package cremini mushrooms, stems removed, caps sliced, 1 zucchini, cut in 12 lengthwise and cut on the bias, 2 cups ricotta, 2 cups grated ParmigianoReggiano, divided, 2 eggs, 6 to 7 basil leaves, cut into chiffonade, 1 recipe Chef Annes AllPurpose Marinara Sauce, recipe follows, 1 pound grated mozzarella, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound pancetta, diced, 2 large Spanish onions, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt, 4 large cloves garlic, smashed and chopped, 4 28ounce cans Italian plum San Marzano tomatoes], title: Lasagna, picturelink: Rx624ZUJ6U4HwvmsoeWm1RWsLQBwty}, 16620: {instructions: Bring the milk, cream, and coconut extract to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low and stir in the chocolate. Whisk until smooth and pour into mugs. Stir in coconut liqueur, to taste. Garnish with whipped topping, shaved dark chocolate, and shredded coconut., ingredients: [3 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 12 teaspoons coconut extract, 6 ounces white chocolate, chopped, Coconut liqueur, Whipped topping, for garnish, Shaved dark chocolate for garnish, Shredded sweetened coconut, for garnish], title: Coconut Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 16621: {instructions: For the sorghum pilaf: Heat the sorghum in a microwavesafe bowl for 2 minutes. Meanwhile, warm a skillet over mediumhigh heat and finely chop the onion. Add the olive oil to the warm skillet along with the onions and cook, stirring, 1 minute, then add the warmed sorghum, pine nuts and salt to taste. Stir until well combined. Reserve half of the sorghum pilaf for lunch or a Greek Sorghum Bowl the next day, and enjoy the remaining pilaf as a side dish for dinner.nFor the Greek sorghum bowl: Warm 34 cup leftover sorghum pilaf in the microwave for 1 12 minutes. Top with the tomatoes, cucumbers, feta and olives and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups cooked wholegrain sorghum, 12 sweet onion, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 14 cup pine nuts, Salt, 12 cup cherry or grape tomatoes, sliced in half, 12 cup cucumbers, chopped into small cubes, 14 cup feta cheese, crumbled, 10 kalamata olives, halved], title: Greek Sorghum Bowl, picturelink: ubVmMxk7c57uzV7UgP44osSM88Xwle}, 16622: {instructions: Heat 1 12 inches vegetable oil in a pot over mediumhigh heat until it reaches 375 degrees F. Cut a pineapple into chunks see Cooks Note. Toss with 1 cup milk, then drain. Dredge in sugar, then fry until golden, about 1 12 minutes. Transfer to a rack and immediately sprinkle with more sugar, then roll in unsweetened shredded coconut.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Coconut Fried Pineapple, picturelink: 2h1btLlfjWyu.kTSykXIoqCAexnr0Ou}, 16623: {instructions: Heat a heavy grill pan or griddle pan over high heat. Wipe hot grill or griddle with extravirgin olive oil. Cook steaks 6 minutes on each side for medium doneness, 8 minutes for medium well. Season steaks with steak seasoning or salt and pepper and remove to a warm platter to allow the meat to rest.nHeat a medium nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add oil and onions and cook, stirring occasionally, 10 to 12 minutes, until onions are soft and sweet. Add balsamic vinegar to the pan and turn onions in vinegar until vinegar cooks away and glazes onions a deep brown color, 3 to 5 minutes.nHeat a small saucepan over medium heat. Add oil, garlic and onions and saute 5 minutes until onion bits are tender. Add sherry to the pan and combine with onions. Stir in tomato sauce and Worcestershire and season with black pepper.nTo serve, top steaks with onions and drizzle a little steak sauce down over the top, reserving half of the sauce to pass at table., ingredients: [4 1inch Delmonico steaks, 8 to 10 ounces each, 2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil, Steak seasoning blend, such as Montreal Steak Seasoning, or coarse salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 large yellow skinned onions, thinly sliced, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, eyeball it, 1 12 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, half a turn of the pan, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 small white boiling onion, chopped, 14 cup dry cooking sherry, eyeball it, 1 cup canned tomato sauce, 8 ounces, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, Black pepper], title: Delmonico Steaks with Balsamic Onions and Steak Sauce, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 16624: {instructions: Nonstick cooking spraynFor Syrup:nIn a small saucepan, combine butter, pumpkin pie spice, molasses, brown sugar and 12 cup of water. Bring to a boil, add bananas then lower heat and let simmer for 3 minutes. Remove syrup from heat, cover and keep warm. Serve over French toast.nCooks Note: Also makes a great topping for ice cream.nFor French toast:nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice bread into 12 slices. Reserve 2 slices plus the ends for the bread pudding Round 2 Recipe. Place remaining 8 slices on a baking sheet. Toast in oven for 3 minutes. Remove and lower oven temperature to 250 degrees F.nIn a large bowl whisk together the milk, eggs, flour, vanilla, brown sugar and salt.nSpray a 12inch skillet with nonstick cooking spray and place over medium heat. Working in batches of 4, dip the bread into the batter and soak both sides. Remove allowing excess to drip back into the bowl and place in the hot skillet. Cook until golden brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer the toast to a baking sheet fitted with a wire rack and keep warm in a 250 degree F oven. Repeat with remaining slices of bread. Save remaining batter and extra syrup for bread pudding Round 2 Recipe.nServe hot with Brown Sugar Banana Syrup., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 2 tablespoons molasses, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup water, 2 bananas, cut into 12inch slices, 1 loaf challah, 2 cups milk, 3 large eggs, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon salt], title: French Toast with Brown Sugar Banana Syrup, picturelink: UipakBdFNRKDzkCOwkorroMVQfRX7a}, 16625: {instructions: Put the peaches cutside up in a 10by15inch glass baking dish.nIn a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the bourbon, lemon juice and vanilla extract. Pour the bourbon mixture over the peaches and baste each peach. Cover with plastic wrap and macerate at room temperature for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, stir together the mascarpone, heavy cream, confectioners sugar, vanilla bean seeds and lemon zest until evenly incorporated. Cover with plastic wrap and store in the refrigerator. Remove 20 minutes prior to serving.nHeat a grill or grill pan over high heat.nUsing your hands, rub the cut side of each peach with 2 teaspoons brown sugar. Sprinkle each peach with a pinch of the cinnamon and nutmeg.nPlace the peaches cutside down on the hot grill and cook until they are seared with grill marks and the sugar is caramelized, 6 to 8 minutes. Turn each peach over and cook for an additional 4 minutes. Remove from the grill.nTop each peach with a spoonful of the vanilla and lemon mascarpone., ingredients: [6 fresh peaches, halved and pits removed, 1 12 cups bourbon, 13 cup lemon juice from 2 lemons, plus the zest of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 8 ounces mascarpone cheese, 14 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and scraped, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons ground nutmeg], title: Grilled Peaches with Vanilla and Lemon Mascarpone, picturelink: H20XzNVaVAeiacqKh6SsDNQhnU75S8i}, 16626: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the lemongrass paste: Process the ginger, garlic, lime leaves, shallots and lemongrass in a processor.nFor the vinaigrette: Place the vinegar, oil, 2 tablespoons of the lemongrass paste, the mustard, chili sauce pepper and lime leaves in blender and puree until emulsified.nFor the slaw: Mix the cabbages, carrots, daikon, apples and mango together. Toss with the vinaigrette.nFor the crab burgers: Drain the crab. Place in a large bowl. Add the rice and panko and fold in. Mix the chili sauce, mayonnaise, sambal, egg and 1 cup of the lemongrass paste. Add to the crab. Add the green onions and, folding gently, completely combine. Form into 24 patties. Dredge them in additional panko.nPlace the crab burgers in a fryer set at 350 degrees F and cook, in batches, until golden and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Toast the buns. Place a crab burger on each heel bottom bun and top with chili sauce. Top with the slaw and cover with the crown top bun., ingredients: [12 cup peeled and diced fresh ginger, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, 6 kaffir lime leaves, 4 shallots, peeled, 3 stalks lemongrass, white part only, softened, 2 cups seasoned rice wine vinegar, 1 12 cups grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon chili sauce, 14 teaspoon Chinese white pepper, 3 leaves kaffir lime leaves, 1 pound green cabbage, shredded, 8 ounces red cabbage, shredded, 8 ounces carrot, shredded, 8 ounces daikon, shredded, 4 ounces apple, shredded, 4 ounces mango, shredded, 5 pounds crab, lump, 5 pounds crab, leg meat, 3 cups cooked rice, 4 bags panko, plus more for dredging, 3 cups chili sauce, 12 cup mayonnaise, 4 tablespoons sambal, 12 carton egg mix, 2 cups sliced green onions, 24 brioche buns, 3 cups chili sauce], title: Crab Burgers with Tiger Slaw, picturelink: 9W6BMQU9jiC78z52avq5.6Y45oYzbua}, 16627: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a large saucepan over high heat. Cook the Idaho and sweet potatoes until they begin to get some color, approximately 10 minutes. Season with kosher salt while cooking. Turn the heat down to medium and add the garlic, green onions, Spanish onions, paprika and cayenne and cook for another 10 minutes. Add the brisket and some of the braising liquid, scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add more braising liquid if the pan seems dry and bring to a simmer to bring all of the ingredients together. Season to taste. Serve with a fried egg on top and a side of Texas toast, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 large Idaho potatoes, 14inch dice, 2 large sweet potatoes, 14inch dice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 4 green onions, thinly sliced, 1 Spanish onion, 14inch dice, 12 teaspoon paprika, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 1 pound leftover cooked beef brisket, roughly diced, plus 14 to 12 cup braising liquid], title: Brisket Hash, picturelink: r7.AmJAwYvJFbHgI5ncCFtyCih9UGC}, 16628: {instructions: Put all ingredients, except cilantro and chives, and cook on low to medium heat for two hours, stirring every 10 minutes. Add cilantro and chives when ready to use., ingredients: [12 cup dark brown sugar, 18 cup balsamic vinegar, 18 cup rice wine vinegar, 18 cup blackstrap molasses, 18 cup maple syrup, 18 cup texas honey, 18 cup dark corn syrup, 12 cup dark rum, preferably Meyers, 18 cup Asian mustard, 12 cup Asian dark soy sauce, 12 tablespoon liquid smoke, 1 head roasted garlic, 1 Texas sweet onion diced, 1 tablespoon freshly diced ginger, 1 tablespoon hot paprika, 2 tablespoon sweet paprika, 2 tablespoon pickling spice wrapped in cheesecloth, 1 tablespoon hot pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons anchovy paste, 2 small cans tomato paste, 1 10 ounce jar of plum jam, 12 cup fresh cilantro, minced, 12 cup chives, minced], title: Dads Smokin Asian Texas BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16629: {instructions: Combine the water, sugar and yeast iIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the yeast, sugar, and warm water. Allow to stand until bubbly, about 5 minutes. Add 2 cups flour, the salt, and mix on low speed until well combined, about 2 minutes. Switch to the dough hook attachment. Add the remaining flour gradually and mix on low speed until fully incorporated, about 4 minutes. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until the dough is heavy, smooth, and not sticky, about 5 minutes. Lightly oil a bowl, place the dough in the bowl, cover loosely and set aside to rise until doubled, about 1 hour. In a medium bowl, combine the strawberries and blueberries. Add the softened cream cheese and strawberry jam and mix until well combined. Set aside. Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Divide dough into 12 pieces. Cook Tip: To portion the dough evenly roll the dough into a log shape. Cut the log shaped dough in half, then cut the two halves in half leaving you with 4 equal pieces. Cut those pieces into thirds which will give you 12 even portions. Take one piece of dough and flatten it into a 4 inch circle. Place 2 12 tablespoons cream cheese mixture or filling variation  see below in the center. Fold up the ends of the dough and pinch closed like an empanada or potsticker. Tuck the ends into the center and twist to form a nice ball. Be careful not to make the bottom of the roll a lot thicker than the top to keep the dough even around the filling. Place the roll, seam side down, on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Repeat with the remaining rolls. Beat the egg in a small bowl with 1 tablespoon water. Brush the rolls with the egg wash and sprinkle with turbinado sugar. Bake in the preheated 375 degrees F oven until golden brown, 20 to 22 minutes. Allow to cool prior to servingnAdd one 6ounce package blackberries, sugar, instant tapioca and water to a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until saucy, about 10 minutes. Remove the syrup off the heat. Put the remaining blackberries into a large bowl and pour the syrup. Toss to combine and set aside to cool prior to filling bagel dough., ingredients: [1 12 cups warm water, 2 tablespoons sugar, plus 2 teaspoons, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons sugar, 4 14 to 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for kneading, One 14ounce package dry active yeast, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 8 ounces fresh strawberries, chopped, 6 ounces fresh blueberries, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 tablespoons strawberry jam, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons turbinado sugar, For filling variations, see recipe below, Four 6ounce packages blackberries, divided, 34 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons instant tapioca, 1 tablespoon water], title: Berry Bagel Puffs, picturelink: 0iPVuOoxHDW1Ft2eteANHmP5dZ12V8W}, 16630: {instructions: Cut each sweet plantain into about five medallions. Wrap each medallion with a slice of raw bacon, hold together with a toothpick and broil until golden brown., ingredients: [3 whole ripe sweet plantains, 1 lb. smoked apple bacon], title: Sweet Plantain Wrap with Smoked Apple Bacon, picturelink: null}, 16631: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine 6 cups water, rice, cinnamon, peach slices, sugar, and vanilla. Stir to combine. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, covered, for 40 minutes, until rice is tender. Remove from heat and let cool. Discard cinnamon stick and puree in batches in a blender. Strain through a fine mesh strainer into serving pitcher. Discard pulp, and stir in the remaining 2 cups of water. Serve warm or chilled, dusted with ground cinnamon., ingredients: [8 cups water, 1 cup white rice, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 peach, pitted and quartered use frozen if fresh unavailable, 34 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Ground cinnamon, for garnish], title: Peach Horchata, picturelink: null}, 16632: {instructions: In a food processor, finely chop 2 cups cornichons until they are a coarse paste.nSpread one side of each piece of bread with Dijon. Top each piece of bread with a slice of Gruyere. Place the ham on half of the pieces of the bread and cheese. Spread the cornichon paste on the other half of the pieces of bread and cheese.nPreheat a griddle or saute pan.nClose the sandwiches and press to secure. Butter the outsides of all the pieces of bread.nPlace the sandwiches on the griddle or pan and cook until the bread is golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Turnover and repeat this process.nWhen the sammies are golden brown and crisp on each side, remove them from the griddle and neatly cut the crusts off the bread. Cut each crustless sandwich into 8 neat mini sammies.nTop each mini sammie with a cornichon half and secure it with a toothpick., ingredients: [2 cups cornichon pickles, plus 24, halved lengthwise, 12 slices Pullman loaf, or other tight crumb white bread, 1 12 cups Dijon mustard, 12 thick slices Gruyere, 6 slices ham, 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature], title: Mini Grilled Gruyere and Ham Sammies with Cornichons, picturelink: PlEpxGt4Z8H.CPK8zwFhZCMm85L3Ne}, 16633: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the potatoes onto a baking sheet. Roughly tear the rosemary and scatter it over the potatoes season them with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Toss the potatoes well to mix all the flavors and put them in the oven. Remove them after 30 minutes and toss them again. Continue to roast them until they are browned and cooked through, about 30 to 40 minutes more. While hot, top with crumbed bacon, Parmesan and pine nuts. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 to 8 large Yukon gold potatoes, cut into large chunks, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 6 strips bacon, fried and crumbled, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted], title: Crunchy Roasted Rosemary Potatoes, picturelink: x00Ux5TjE3Hf81upzAq5XWgzxfZb8qG}, 16634: {instructions: Put the flour and butter in a food processor and blitz to bread crumbs. If using your hands, rub the butter and flour together until the mixture resembles fine bread crumbs. Add the egg yolks and if making sweet pastry, the sugar and a pinch of salt and stir together with a knife. Squidge the mixture together into a ball. If the pastry feels very dry add the water or if making sweet pastry, the cream or milk, but try and get by without for a more tender pastry.nOnce the pastry is all squidged together, pop it in the refrigerator to rest for 30 minutes.nAfter 30 minutes, remove it from the refrigerator and let it warm up a little if you use it straight from the refrigerator and try to roll it out, the pastry will just be a hopeless crumbly mess. Roll the pastry out on a lightly floured board and use as required., ingredients: [1 cup4 12oz125g allpurpose flour, 1 cup plus 1 tbsp4 12oz125g cake flour, 9 tbsp4 12oz125g cold butter, cubed, 2 egg yolks, Large pinch of salt, 1 to 4 tbsp water, if needed, 1 cup4 12oz125g allpurpose flour, 1 cup plus 1 tbsp4 12oz125g cake flour, 9 tbsp4 12oz125g cold butter, cubed, 2 egg yolks, 2 tbsp superfine sugar, Large pinch of salt, 1 to 4 tbsp light cream or milk, if needed], title: Savory and Sweet Short Pastry, picturelink: null}, 16635: {instructions: HEAT grill to medium heat.nDRAIN pickles on paper towels. Meanwhile, cut cheese slices crosswise in half, then lenthwise into thirds. You will get 6 pieces from each cheese slice. Mix cream cheese, chili sauce and pepper until well blended.nTOP each of 24 crackers with 1 cheese piece, 12 tsp. cream cheese mixture, 1 ham piece and 1 pickle cover with second cheese piece and cracker. Wrap 6 sandwiches in heavyduty foil. Repeat with remaining sandwiches to make 4 packets. Place in cooler for transporting to tailgating party or other destination.nHEAT grill to medium heat. Grill packets 8 to 10 min. or until cheese begins to melt, turning after each minute.nSubstitute:nPrepare using OSCAR MAYER Deli Fresh Shaved Smoked Turkey Breast.nUse Your Oven:nHeat oven to 350 degrees F. Assemble and wrap stacks as directed. Bake 5 to 7 min. or until cheese is melted.nMake Ahead:nPrepare foil packets as directed. Refrigerate until ready to grill., ingredients: [24 CLAUSSEN Kosher Dill Pickle Slices, 8 KRAFT Deli Fresh Swiss Cheese Slices, 2 oz. 14 of 8oz. pkg. PHILADELPHIA Cream Cheese, softened, 1 Tbsp. chili sauce, 14 tsp. ground red pepper cayenne, 48 RITZ Crackers, 12 slices OSCAR MAYER Deli Fresh Shaved Black Forest Ham, cut in half], title: Spicy Stacked Cuban Sandwiches, picturelink: o6Hpao39oP.oPa58nwoP03It1yX8qq}, 16636: {instructions: For the gravy: Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and the sausage, breaking up the latter with a spoon or fork and letting it brown until fully cooked. Transfer to a plate with a slotted spoon and set aside.nAdd the onions and the butter to the skillet. Saute until the onions are dark brown and caramelized. Add the flour, a little at a time, and cook, stirring constantly, to make a dark roux, 6 to 10 minutesu00bfdont let it burn, but it should be nice and dark.nSlowly add the milk and beef stock, stirring vigorously to work it all together. Add salt and pepper to taste.nAdd the cooked sausage to the gravy stir well. Simmer for a minute or two, until the gravy reaches the desired consistency.nFor the poutine: Fry the steak fries in vegetable oil until crispy.nServe the fries covered in sausage gravy and cheese curds. Pop in the oven to melt the cheese curds, if necessary., ingredients: [2 teaspoons vegetable or olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound fresh pork sausage, casings removed, 12 onion, diced, 4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup flour, 14 cup milk, 2 cups beef stock, Salt and pepper, 1 pound frozen steak fries, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, Cheese curds, for serving], title: Poutine with Dark Sausage Gravy, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 16637: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Black and White Cupcakes, picturelink: 3y58eJ9lLpnvlRKlfVjSWYaTL3mmq4G}, 16638: {instructions: In a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough peanut oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F.nPeel the plantains and slice them into 1 12inch chunks. Put the plantains into the fryer and fry until just golden brown, about 2 minutes. Stir the garlic and the water together in a medium bowl. Remove the plantains from the fryer and drain on a paper towel lined sheet tray. With the smooth side of a meat mallet, smash the plantain until its flattened. Add them to the garlic water and let them soak for 1 minute. Remove the plantains from the water and pat dry with paper towels. Return to the fryer and continue to fry until golden brown and crisp, about another 2 minutes. Transfer the plantains to a serving bowl and season with salt. Serve hot., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 3 firm green plantains, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup water, Kosher salt], title: Fried Plantains, picturelink: null}, 16639: {instructions: In a small skillet, combine the oil, jalapeno, and garlic. Place the skillet over medium heat and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat, add the sugar, and stir until dissolved. Transfer to a medium bowl and cool.nAdd the carrot, coriander, lime juice, fish sauce, and scallion to the jalapeno mixture and mix well. Store in the refrigerator for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, like soy, peanut, or corn, 12 to 1 jalapeno with seeds, stemmed and minced, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 pound carrots, grated, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander leaves cilantro, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 teaspoons Southeast Asian fish sauce, 1 scallion white and green, chopped], title: Carrot Chutney, picturelink: null}, 16640: {instructions: Boil 1 pound each halved wax beans and green beans in salted water until crisptender, 8 minutes drain. Cook 14 cup sliced almonds in 3 tablespoons melted butter until golden, 4 minutes. Remove from the heat stir in 1 tablespoon lemon juice. Toss with the beans and 2 tablespoons chopped chives. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Buttery Beans With Almonds, picturelink: 3gHVMWhuSDDvhiBRoZd4BFLuOUMMx4m}, 16641: {instructions: Put the pear, shochu and lemon juice in a blender and puree until smooth. Pass the pear puree through a very fine mesh sieve or a regular sieve lined with cheesecloth. Press on the solids to get as much juice out as possible.nFill 4 glasses with large ice cubes and put a shiso leaf in each glass. Use a blunt object to pound the ice and shiso to release its flavors. Divide the pear mixture between the 4 glasses and serve., ingredients: [2 Asian pears peeled, cored, and roughly chopped, 1 cup shochu or sake, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Large ice cubes, 4 green shiso perilla leaves], title: Asian Pear Cocktail, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 16642: {instructions: Preheat an oven or a gas grill to 350 to 375 degrees F.nClean the contents from the turkey cavity, rinse, and pat dry. Season turkey with salt and pepper, to taste be generous. Fill cavity of turkey with bell pepper, onion, celery stalks, apple and margarine. Place in a baking bag and seal. Place in an aluminumbaking pan, breast side down. Put in oven or outdoor gas grill and cook for 2 12 to 3 hours., ingredients: [1 15pound turkey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bell pepper, cut in half, 1 medium onion, peeled and halved, 3 stalks celery, 1 apple, halved, 4 ounces 1 stick margarine, Turkey size baking bag, Large aluminum baking pan], title: Baked Turkey, picturelink: null}, 16643: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nButter a 9 by 13 inch pan. In a large bowl, mix the oatmeal, brown sugar, butter, vanilla and corn syrup. Spread the mixture into the prepared pan and bake 15 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes. Cut into bars.nFor the Frosting: Combine chocolate chips and peanut butter in a double boiler and melt. Mix well. Spread on baked and cooled cookie bars. Refrigerate until frosting hardens., ingredients: [4 cups oatmeal, 1 cup brown sugar, 23 cup melted butter, plus more for greasing pan, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 12 cup corn syrup, 1 12ounce bag chocolate chips, 23 cup chunky peanut butter], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Covered Hash Browns, picturelink: null}, 16644: {instructions: Combine the zest of 2 lemons in wide strips, 1 cup water, 12 cup sugar and 1 cinnamon stick in a pot over medium heat bring to a simmer and cook until the zest is slightly translucent, 6 to 8 minutes. Strain reserve the lemon zest and syrup and discard the cinnamon stick. Put the lemon zest in a food processor add 1 12 pounds frozen cherries thawed and drained and a pinch of salt. Pulse, adding 14 to 12 cup of the sugar syrup to loosen. Add 1 to 2 teaspoons lemon juice.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [], title: CherryLemon Relish, picturelink: rHme2yXxYd1WdnqM6WPlXfE.k7rom}, 16645: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix the cucumbers and salt and set aside at room temperature for 30 minutes.nIn a colander in the sink, drain and rinse the cucumbers thoroughly under cold running water. Set aside to drain for 10 minutes.nPress down on the cucumbers to extract as much liquid as possible. Transfer the cucumbers to a large bowl and mix with the sour cream, dill, vinegar, cayenne, and season with pepper, to taste. Serve immediately, or cover and refrigerate for up to 24 hours., ingredients: [3 medium cucumbers about 2 14 pounds, peeled, halved lengthwise, and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sour cream, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon white distilled vinegar, Pinch cayenne pepper, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Cucumber Salad, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 16646: {instructions: In a steamer set over boiling water steam the potatoes, covered, for 20 to 25 minutes, or until they are tender, and let them cool until they can be handled. Peel the potatoes and cut them crosswise into thin slices. In a 12inch nonstick skillet cook the leek in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, for 12 to 15 minutes, or until it is very soft, and add salt and pepper to taste. In a large bowl whisk together the eggs, add 12 cup of the Parmesan, 12 cup of the Gruyere, the chives, the parsley, and salt and pepper to taste, and whisk the mixture until it is combined well. Stir in the leek and the potatoes. In the skillet, cleaned, heat the oil over moderate heat until it is hot but not smoking, pour in the egg mixture, distributing the potatoes evenly, and cook the frittata, without stirring, for 14 to 16 minutes, or until the edge is set but the center is still soft. Sprinkle the remaining 12 cup Parmesan and the remaining 12 cup Gruyere over the top. If the skillet handle is plastic, wrap it in a double thickness of foil. Broil the frittata under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 4 to 5 minutes, run a thin knife around the edge, and slide the frittata onto a serving plate. Cut the frittata into wedges and serve it warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 pounds boiling potatoes, 3 cups thinly sliced white and pale green part of leek, washed well and drained, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 large eggs, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 cup coarsely grated Gruyere, 2 tablespoons snipped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Potato and Leek Frittata, picturelink: null}, 16647: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a cupcake or muffin pan with 12 regularsize cupcake liners.nSift the flour, baking powder, wheat germ, ground ginger, and salt into a mediumsize bowl. Set the bowl aside. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer, with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar together, about 6 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl then add the vanilla and 1 egg yolk at a time, scraping down the sides of the bowl after each addition. Turn the mixer to low speed, and add the flour mixture in a steady stream. Turn the mixer to medium speed and beat for 2 minutes. Slowly add the cream. In a separate, greasefree bowl, whisk the egg whites with an electric hand beater and a pinch of salt until they form stiff but moist peaks. Gently stir into the batter by hand with a spatula until no whites are visible.nFill the cupcake liners half full with batter and bake until they are golden and spring back when touched, about 30 minutes. Cool the cupcakes in their pan for 5 minutes before transferring to a cooling rack.nFor the wasabi cream filling: Whip the cream cheese and wasabi paste by hand with a metal spoon in a small bowl. Cover until ready to use.nFor the tuna creme fraiche topping: Combine the creme fraiche with 2 12 tablespoons of the sesame seeds and 34 teaspoon ginger, mixing by hand with a spoon in a mediumsize bowl. Pass the tuna through a handheld zester to form small ribbons. Add the tuna to the creme fraiche and continue mixing. Add the lemon juice and mix until an even consistency is reached.nTo assemble: Remove and discard the center of each cooled cupcake using an apple corer. Pipe the wasabi filling into each cavity until level with the top of the cake. Generously dollop the tuna creme fraiche mixture on top and sprinkle with remaining sesame seed and ginger mixture. Decorate with 1 wasabi pea placed in the center of the cake., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 cup wheat germ, 1 12 tablespoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 34 cup sugar, 3 eggs, separated, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons light cream, Pinch salt, 12 pound whipped cream cheese, 1 tablespoon fresh wasabi paste, 1 pound creme fraiche, 3 tablespoons black and white sesame seeds, mixed, divided, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, divided, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 5 ounces sushigrade tuna, chilled for 30 minutes, 12 wasabi peas, for garnish], title: Wheat Germ and Ginger, Wasabi Cream, and Tuna Creme Fraiche Cupcakes, picturelink: rHCtIVPLr2K3Juztfuj2GJXUA69XOC6}, 16648: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook until golden brown and crispy. Remove the pancetta with a slotted spoon to a paper towellined plate, and reserve the oil.nVinaigrette: Whisk together the lemon juice, balsamic vinegar, and honey in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper.nToss the peaches with some of the vinaigrette add the arugula and toss to combine. Transfer the greens to a platter, top with the peach halves and sprinkle the top with the gorgonzola and crispy pancetta. Serve with toast schmeared with fig preserves and gorgonzola., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12inch thick slice pancetta, diced, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons clover honey, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 ripe peaches, halved and pitted cut into 8 slices, 2 ounces baby arugula, 8 ounces gorgonzola, 1 loaf ciabatta, cut into 12inch rounds, grilled with olive oil and sprinkled with salt and pepper, Fig preserves], title: Peach and Arugula Salad with Crispy Pancetta and Gorgonzola, picturelink: null}, 16649: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat the milk, butter, and salt over medium heat until scalded. When the butter is melted, add the flour all at once and beat it with a wooden spoon until the mixture comes together and forms a dough. Cook, stirring constantly, over low heat for 2 minutes. The flour will begin to coat the bottom of the pan. Dump the hot mixture into the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Add the eggs and pulse until the eggs are incorporated into the dough and the mixture is thick.nSpoon the mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a large plain round tip. Pipe in mounds 1 12 inches wide and 1inch high onto a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. You should have about 18 puffs. With a wet finger, lightly press down the swirl at the top of each puff. You can also use 2 spoons to scoop out the mixture and shape the puffs with damp fingers. Bake for 20 minutes, or until lightly browned, then turn off the oven and allow them to sit for another 10 minutes, until they sound hollow when tapped on the bottom. Make a small slit in the side of each puff to allow the steam to escape. Set aside to cool.nFor the chocolate sauce, place the cream and chocolate chips in a bowl set over simmering water and stir just until the chocolate melts. Add the honey and coffee and stir until smooth. Set aside.nFor serving, cut each profiterole in half crosswise, fill with a small scoop of ice cream, replace the top, and drizzle with slightly warm chocolate sauce., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, Pinch kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 extralarge eggs, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons prepared coffee, Good vanilla ice cream recommended: HaagenDazs, for serving], title: Profiteroles, picturelink: V9GclU34nPKf7qewnPjaw5aeXmXh1Ay}, 16650: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Set a rack on a foillined baking sheet. Spray the rack generously with cooking spray.nFinely grind the bagel chips and cereal together in a food processor. Transfer the crumbs to a gallonsize plastic bag. Add the oil, salt, cayenne, paprika and ground pepper and toss to mix thoroughly. Whisk the light mayonnaise and Dijon mustard together in a medium shallow bowl.nAdd the chicken to the mayonnaise mixture and turn to coat all the pieces evenly. Drop the chicken into the plastic bag, seal and shake until each piece is evenly coated. Place the coated pieces on the prepared rack. Spray the chicken pieces evenly with cooking spray.nBake until the coating crisps and browns and an instantread thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the pieces registers 160 degrees F, 35 to 40 minutes.nTransfer to a platter and serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the rack and chicken, 2 14 cups broken bagel chips or Melba toast, 1 13 cups ricecorn crispy cereal, such as Crispix, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup light mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 4 bonein, skinless chicken pieces, about 6 ounces each see Cooks Note], title: Oven Fried Chicken, picturelink: BA.tcxYvOkIsj6De1VgYvtX119wNJmy}, 16651: {instructions: Place 4 slices of bread on a cutting board. Lay half the cheese slices on the bread. Lay the bacon, tomato, or ham on top of the cheese. Cover with the remaining cheese. Top with the remaining slices of bread and press down slightly.nHeat a large skillet over mediumlow heat and melt a tablespoon of the butter. Carefully place 2 of the sandwiches in the pan, and cook until the bread browns and the cheese is slightly melted, about 5 minutes. Turn the sandwiches with a spatula and add a small hazelnutsize piece of butter to the pan. Cook until the other side of the sandwiches is toasted and the cheese is melted, about 3 to 5 minutes more. Repeat with the other sandwiches. If at any time the bread starts to brown too quickly, lower the heat to prevent the bread scorching before the cheese melts. Serve., ingredients: [Eight 12inch thick slices countrystyle sourdough bread, 12 ounces Monterey jack, farmhouse cheddar, gruyere, or imported Swiss cheese, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 slices smoked bacon, cooked and broken into 1inch pieces, 2 vineripened tomatoes, sliced, and drained on paper towels for 5 minutes, 8 slices baked ham], title: Grilled Cheese Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 16652: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a large heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then saute shrimp, turning over once, until just cooked through, about 2 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a large bowl.nAdd garlic and red pepper flakes to the oil remaining in skillet and cook until fragrant, 30 seconds. Add wine and cook over high heat, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes. Stir in basil and tomatoes and season the sauce with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Return the shrimp to pan and cook just until heated through.nExcellent source of: Protein, Niacin, Vitamin B12, Vitamin D, Copper, Iron, Phosphorus, SeleniumnGood source of: Vitamin A, Vitamin B6, Vitamin C, Vitamin K, Magnesium, Manganese, Potassium, Zinc, ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 14 pounds large shrimp 20 to 25 per pound, peeled and deveined, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 18 teaspoon dried hot redpepper flakes, or more to taste, 34 cup dry white wine, 14 cup finely chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 12 cups grape tomatoes, halved, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Garlic Basil Shrimp, picturelink: 0pS9y1UFtNx3Mq1ftaco7ZK7hHOV7MS}, 16653: {instructions: Game plan: Make the salad while the chicken bakes.nFor the chicken: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place a small rack on a baking sheet.nPut the falafel mix in a pie plate or other shallow bowl. Heat about 12inch oil in a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the chicken breasts with salt and black pepper, to taste, and coat with the falafel mix, shaking off any excess. Carefully place the chicken smooth side down in the hot oil, taking care not to crowd the pan. Cook until nicely browned, turning once, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Repeat with the rest of the chicken. Transfer the chicken to the prepared rack. Bake until firm but slightly springy when pressed, 6 to 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the Yogurt Salad: Toss the mint, cucumbers, dill, onion, garlic, and salt in a small bowl. Finely grate the zest from the lemon into the salad and squeeze in the lemons juice too. Stir the yogurt into the salad.nArrange chicken on a platter and serve with salad or put a chicken breast on each of 4 plates with the salad., ingredients: [12 cup prepared falafel mix, Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, tenders removed about 1 12 pounds, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup plain wholemilk yogurt, 3 Kirby cucumbers, diced, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, roughly torn, 14 cup fresh dill fronds, coarsely chopped, 14 red onion, diced about 12 cup, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 lemon], title: Crispy Falafel Chicken with Yogurt Salad, picturelink: wvFXN53XYSUvmvqszyGLMBXrXezOigO}, 16654: {instructions: Cut bottoms off the romaine and cut the heads in half lengthwise. Wash lettuce and separate the leaves. Let it dry in the dish draining rack while you prepare the rest of the menu.nRemove the tails from the shrimp and place the shrimp in a bowl or, pack for travel, if this is a picnic meal.nTo remove the chicken meat from the chicken, cut the chicken breasts off first. Cut the legs and thighs off using kitchen scissors to help you. Slice the meat up on an angle. Arrange on a plate or in a plastic container.nPlace mayonnaise, garlic, lemon, anchovy paste, cheese, Worcestershire and pepper into the blender and turn it on. Stream the extravirgin olive oil into the dressing through center of the lid. When the oil is combined, remove the thick dressing with a spatula to a bowl or a portable plastic container.nPlace lettuce on a serving platter or pack in large plastic bag or container to travel.nTo assemble, spread dressing onto a lettuce leaf. Fill leaf with a large shrimp or sliced cold chicken, like a lettuce taco, and eatnTo pack for picnic, take the romaine hearts in plastic food storage bags. Pack the shrimp and cut chicken in separate bags and pack dressing in small plastic container., ingredients: [2 hearts romaine lettuce, 1 pound jumbo fully cooked shrimp, from the seafood counter in market, 1 rotisserie chicken, available in many markets, 4 heaping tablespoons reduced fat mayonnaise, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons anchovy paste, optional But it tastes better with it in. If you think you dont like anchovies, try them in this sauce. They just taste salty and yummy, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, a few handfuls, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper, eyeball the amount in the palm of your hand: 1 teaspoon is equal to about 13 of a palm full, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, pour to the count of 4], title: Shrimp or Chicken Lettuce Wraps with Creamy Caesar Dressing, picturelink: null}, 16655: {instructions: Toss all ingredients together in a bowl. Salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 cup diced fresh mango, 14 cup hydrated sundried tomato, diced, 14 cup scallion, diced, 2 ounces lime juice, 2 ounces olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh coriander, chopped], title: MangoGreen Onion Salsa Cruda, picturelink: null}, 16656: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees.nCombine first 3 ingredients in a small bowl. Firmly press mixture into bottom and 1inch up sides of a 9inch springform pan coated with cooking spray. Wrap outside of pan with foil. Arrange berries in crust set aside. Place cheeses in a large bowl beat at medium speed of a mixer until smooth. Add 1 cup sugar and next 5 ingredients 1 cup sugar through chocolate beat until smooth. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Pour cheese mixture into prepared pan. Place cheesecake in a large shallow pan add hot water to pan to a depth of 1inch. Bake at 325 degrees for 1 hour and 10 minutes or until almost set. Remove cheesecake from oven cool to room temperature. Cover and chill at least 4 hours. Garnish with additional raspberries, if desired., ingredients: [1 13 cups graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon butter or stick margarine, melted Cooking spray, 3 cups fresh raspberries, Two 8ounce blocks fatfree cream cheese, softened, One 8ounce block 13lessfat cream cheese, softened, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup amaretto almondflavored liqueur, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt 3 ounces white chocolate, melted, 3 large eggs, Fresh raspberries optional], title: White ChocolateRaspberry Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 16657: {instructions: Mix the apple juice, orange juice, pineapple juice and lemon juice together in a large pitcher and serve over crushed ice., ingredients: [4 cups apple juice, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cup pineapple juice, 14 cup lemon juice, Crushed ice], title: Apple Julep, picturelink: jJtiUyojeYk4RdxYRY6s4nTjyBsPbS}, 16658: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a food processor add panko, butter, fresh herbs, garlic and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Process until well combined then set aside while you prepare the lobster.nPlace the lobster halves flesh side up in a roasting tray. Top with the pankomixture. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake in the hot oven for 30 to 35 minutes until the top is golden brown. Serve whole with a shell cracker, or split claw shells slightly with the heel of your knife and section the tail into pieces. Serve with fresh lemon wedges, mixed lettuce and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and lemon juice., ingredients: [1 cup panko bread crumbs, 12 stick butter, melted, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, 2 tablespoons, chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 4 or 5 cloves fresh garlic, peeled and gently smashed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 live lobsters, split in 12, cleaned about 2 pounds ask fish monger to split and clean your lobster if you dont feel comfortable doing so, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 lemon, cut into large wedges, plus more for drizzling, for serving, Mixed lettuce, for serving], title: Baked Lobster with Garlic Butter Panko, picturelink: Q6QURb8QUcxYrgsk1IJ4aGm6myKvsZC}, 16659: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace oil in a large baking dish. Season turkey tenderloins all over with salt and black pepper and place in baking dish. Arrange potatoes all around turkey and turn to coat with oil. Season potatoes with salt and black pepper. Arrange shallots over potatoes in pan.nIn a small bowl, combine wine, broth, vinegar, and tarragon. Pour mixture over turkey.nRoast turkey and potatoes 40 minutes, until an instantread thermometer registers at least 160 degrees F. Let turkey rest 10 minutes before slicing crosswise into 12inch thick slices. Serve half of the turkey and potatoes with this meal, with all of the broth from the pan over top. Serve spinach on the side. Reserve remaining turkey and potatoes for additional meals., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 1 12 pound turkey tenderloins, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 pounds new red potatoes or baby red potatoes, quartered if bigger, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 shallots, chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 4 tablespoons store bought peach, cranberry or mango chutney], title: Roasted Turkey Tenderloin with New Potatoes and Tarragon Broth, picturelink: zK40gyZHg5NoW1RRehtMqcc31daC}, 16660: {instructions: Place all ingredients into a heavy bottomed sauce pan fitted with a candy thermometer. Heat until ingredients reach 238 degrees, or soft ball stage. Scoop and drop by the tablespoonful onto well greased or nonstick baking sheet or marble bakers counter. Allow to cool to room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup light brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups pecan halves, 12 teaspoon vanilla], title: Pecan Pralines, picturelink: null}, 16661: {instructions: Put 2 teaspoons of extra virgin olive on a plate sprinkle white pepper on the extra virgin olive oil. Take the veal chop and lightly coat it on both sides with the extra virgin olive oil and white pepper mixture. Then grill or broil the veal chop to your preference. When the veal chop is cooked remove from heat. Set aside on a warm platter.nUsing a non stick pan heat the 14 cup of extra virgin olive oil add the garlic and let it brown for 3 minutes, add 8 ounces of water and 10 leaves of basil, stem and all. Add in 3 teaspoons of flour let everything amalgamate and using a wooden spoon stir for 10 minutes to create the flavor of the sauce and thickness. After the sauce is ready remove from heat, strain and serve on top of the veal chop. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, if needed., ingredients: [14 cup and 2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil, White pepper, 10 ounces water, 4 veal chops, 13 ounces or smaller, 3 teaspoon white flour, 15 cloves fresh garlic, 1 bunch fresh basil, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Veal Chop with Fresh Garlic and Basil, picturelink: null}, 16662: {instructions: Roast the poblano peppers on a grill or under the broiler turning often, until blackened and soft. Place them in a bowl covered with plastic wrap to cool this will make peeling them easier. When cool peel, seed and dice the poblano peppers.nDice the onions and bell pepper. Heat the oil in a large Dutch oven or kettle. Add onions, yellow bell pepper, poblano peppers, pressed garlic, chili powder and ancho chili powder. Saute this mixture until the onions are tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the diced chicken breast and continue to cook until chicken is fully cooked, 10 to 15 minutes depending on the size of your dice.nWash and stem the tomatillos then run them through a food processor until they are pulverized, but still have some texture you could dice them by hand, but this will leave the tomatillo skins floating around in your finished product. Add the tomatillos and the broth to the chicken and pepper mixture. After this is heated through about 10 minutes, check the spiciness and, if necessary, add either a finely chopped jalapeno or serrano pepper for more heat were looking for a slow, sustained burn, not fire. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Simmer for 30 minutes to meld the flavors. Add the beans and cilantro, cook a final 5 minutes to heat thoroughly and serve with a garnish of cilantro and lime slice., ingredients: [8 to 9 poblano peppers, roasted, peeled and chopped, 3 medium onions, 1 yellow bell pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, pressed, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ancho chili powder, 5 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, diced, 12 to 15 tomatillos, washed, paperlike skins removed, 1 quart chicken broth, Jalapeno or serrano peppers if needed for spice poblanos will vary in their heat, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 15ounce cans white beans rinsed, drained, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, Lime slices, for garnish], title: Sharshs White Bean Chicken Chili, picturelink: bs.5.WRDWaUSsG8XP1gE.iirUrWvzuy}, 16663: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 325 degrees F.nTo make the custard: Place 4 6ounce to 1 cup ramekins on a baking pan. Place a saucepan on the burner. Add the cream, sugar, and the vanilla bean. Scrape the little seeds out of one half, and add them to the pot. Bring it to scald just before it begins to boil, but watch it because it can burn. Pull off the heat. Whisk the egg yolks in a medium bowl until well blended. Gradually, whisk the hot cream mixture into the yolks. Divide the custard evenly among the ramekins. Place the baking pan in the oven, and add some hot tap water into the pan to come partially up the sides of the ramekins.nBake until just set, for about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool to room temperature. Refrigerate until the custards are well set, about 2 to 3 hours.nTo make the pineapple: Peel, core and slice the pineapple off the core lengthwise, and into 6inch thick pieces.nIn a medium pan, heat the canola oil. Pop in the pineapple and let it cook until browned on the edges, then dust with brown sugar to caramelize. Bring to a sizzle allowing the fruit to get nicely coated and slightly brown on the edges. Turn off the heat. Add a good shot of rum if you do it while the burner is on, you may well need those firemen to put out the blaze. Turn the heat on and let it flambe. Add a generous bit of butter to build sheen and thicken this caramel sauce.nWhen the fire subsides, place 2 pieces of pineapple onto your serving plate, top with a nice mound of creme brulee, dust it all again with brown sugar and torch it to a nice crunchy finish., ingredients: [6 egg yolks, 2 cups cream, 12 cup sugar, 12 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise, 1 pineapple, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 spoonfuls brown sugar, 2 ounces amber rum, 1 to 2 tablespoons or a good nub butter], title: Flambeed Pineapple Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 16664: {instructions: In a medium bowl, using a wooden spoon, combine cracker crumbs, 14 cup sugar, and melted butter. Press the mixture firmly on bottom, and 1inch up the sides of a 9inch springform pan. Bake for 8 minutes until crumbs become slightly golden in color. Using an electric mixer, in a large bowl, combine cream cheese and sugar and blend until fluffy. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time and continue to beat until mixture becomes light, about 3 minutes. Stir in melted chocolate using a rubber spatula. Carefully pour batter into the prepared crust and bake for 45 minutes. Let cool completely on wire rack. Chill for 8 hours before serving. Cut the cheesecake into uniform pieces approximately 3 by 1inch in size. Do this 30 times.nDeepFried Cheesecake Rolls:nHeat vegetable oil in a deepfryer to 365 degrees F.nWhisk 1 egg with 1 cup milk to make an egg wash. Using a pastry brush, lightly moisten each spring roll wrapper with the egg wash. Blot off excess egg wash with paper towel. Place each piece of cheesecake in the middle of a wrapper and sprinkle with the chopped chocolate. Fold top of wrapper down over the cheesecake, and both sides toward the center. Roll each piece of cheesecake toward you until it is completely rolled up making sure the roll is tightly packed with its edges sealed. Place powdered sugar in a medium bowl. Gently place rolls into the oil and cook until golden brown, for about 2 minutes. Using tongs or a spider, remove the goldenbrown rolls from the oil and place each roll in a bowl of powdered sugar and coat well. Place deepfried rolls on paper towels to cool slightly before serving.nDrizzle with chocolate sauce, top with whipped cream, and garnish with a mint leaf., ingredients: [2 cups graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup sugar, 7 tablespoons butter, melted, 3 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 1 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 1 4ounce bar white chocolate, melted and cooled slightly, Vegetable oil, as needed, 1 egg, 1 cup milk, 30 Oriental spring roll wrappers, 1 4ounce bar semisweet chocolate, chopped, Powdered sugar, as needed, 8ounce chocolate sauce in squirt bottle, for garnish, Whipped cream, for garnish, Mint sprigs, for garnish, Spider spatula, optional, Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.], title: Ultimate Fantasy DeepFried Cheesecake, picturelink: m1LWZlxfqXAN7Jn.i7qYa2K0QkAoSq}, 16665: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut pork into 3 to 4inch thick slices and lay the slices on heavy duty aluminum foil supported by baking sheets. Rub salt and pepper into the meat. In a small bowl whisk together hot sauce, vinegar and vegetable oil, and brush onto surface of meat on both sides. Use plastic or latex gloves to handle habaneros and protect your eyes and nose from the fumes. Slice the peppers and lay them and the bay leaves on top of the pork. Wrap the pork in foil, sealing all the seams. Roast slowly in oven until fork tender, about 2 hours, or over an open fire., ingredients: [10 pounds pork shoulder weighs about 10 pounds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup hot sauce, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup vegetable oil, 4 habanero peppers, 6 to 8 bay leaves], title: Roast Wild Boar, picturelink: Sgq65yqXWx79bNLmSqFY9uJWUrEUWF2}, 16666: {instructions: 1. Prepare macaroni according to package directions, omitting salt.n2. Meanwhile, combine undrained tomatoes and cheese in 112quart microwavable dish cover. Microwave on MEDIUM 50 10 to 12 minutes or until cheese melts, stirring after 6 minutes. Add milk stir mixture until well blended.n3. Drain macaroni place in large bowl. Add cheese mixture toss to coat., ingredients: [12 cup reduced fat 2 milk, 1 pkg 16 oz each dry elbow macaroni, uncooked, 1 can 10 oz each RoTelu00ae Original Diced Tomatoes  Green Chilies, undrained, 1 pkg 16 oz each Velveetau00ae Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 12inch cubes], title: Zesty Mac and Cheese, picturelink: UxmmOkevWLrUiDrJjlTTbDb6Mb3WBhS}, 16667: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 9 by 13inch baking pan. In a large bowl, combine flour, baking powder and salt. Using an electric mixer, beat until fluffy the butter and sugar. Beat in eggs and vanilla. Add in flour one half at a time. Stir in crushed toffee bars by hand and spread in baking pan. Sprinkle top with chocolate chips. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes. Cool and cut into bars, ingredients: [2 14 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks butter, softened, 1 12 cups light brown sugar, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups crushed chocolate coated toffee bars heath bars, 1 cup chocolate chips], title: Toffee Chip Bars, picturelink: null}, 16668: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F.nDivide the dough into 4 pieces. Dust your board with flour and roll each piece of dough into a 5inch round. Put 14 of the reserved stew into the center of each round and top it with a tablespoon of cheese. Fold the sides over to make a half moon shapes and pinch the edges closed. Cut a small slit into the top of each to let the steam escape. Transfer them to a baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 30 to 35 minutes. Arrange on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [1 pound bag refrigerated pizza dough, 1 12 cups reserved stew from Osso Buco Stew recipe, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup grated Cheddar], title: Round 2 Recipe  Veal Stuffed Calzone, picturelink: .yrPRgcBH4LxQL5QJjDjVnSfCfY.ALS}, 16669: {instructions: Make rooibos tea the night before the party by soaking 45 tea bags in 32 oz. of warm water. Refrigerate overnight.nThe day of the party, discard tea bags and combine the rest of the ingredients in a punch bowl or pitcher. Serve over ice and garnish each drink with a mint leaf., ingredients: [12 oz. dark rum, 32 oz. rooibos tea 4 to 5 tea bags, 8 oz. mango juice, 16 oz. fresh mango, cut into cubes, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: South African Mango Rooibos Mint Punch, picturelink: null}, 16670: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F use a convection oven if you have it. Peel the potatoes. Make 18inch repeated crosswise cuts that go almost all the way through each potato. Set a chopstick or thin wooden spoon crosswise to your knife next to the potato to keep from cutting through the potato.n2. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in an ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Turn the potatoes to coat with butter and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Cook the potatoes until they are golden on the bottom, about 3 minutes. Add 13 cup water, bring to a low boil, reduce the heat, cover, and transfer to the oven. Bake the potatoes for 45 minutes.n3. Meanwhile, mix the herbs with the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Uncover the potatoes, fan the potatoes slightly to separate the slices, and brush evenly with the herb butter. Sprinkle with the Parmesan. Increase the temperature to 450 degrees F and cook uncovered until golden brown, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [6 medium Yukon gold potatoes about 6 ounces each, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup mixed fresh herbs, such as parsley, tarragon, thyme, dill, or chives, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Roasted Hasselback Potatoes with Herb Butter, picturelink: null}, 16671: {instructions: Put the onions, olive oil, and sugar into a skillet over medium heat and cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are wilted and brown, about 15 to 20 minutes. Reduce the heat if the onions are browning too quickly. Set aside to cool a bit.nHeat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSpread half the tomato sauce onto 1 of the crusts. Top with half the caramelized onions and half the mozzarella. Repeat with the other crust. Bake the pies until the mozzarella is browned and bubbling, about 10 to 15 minutes. As soon as the pies come out of the oven, sprinkle over the gorgonzola. Slice and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds onions, sliced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Pinch sugar, 12 cup tomato sauce, 2 prepared pizza crusts, 1 cup grated mozzarella, 12 pound gorgonzola cheese, crumbled], title: Caramelized Onion and Gorgonzola Pizza, picturelink: 8zLPmi4I1qUeCs6i.4py7IDzjHpmBpe}, 16672: {instructions: Stir the guava jelly into the Base Cranberry Sauce and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat. Stir in the lime zest and juice and season with salt and pepper.nHeat the canola oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the ginger and shallots and cook, stirring, until soft and fragrant, about 3 minutes. Stir in the brown sugar, honey, orange juice, 14 cup granulated sugar, and salt. Cook, stirring, until sugar dissolves and mixture is nice and bubbly.nAdd half the cranberries and cook, stirring occasionally, until the cranberries pop and the mixture thickens, about 5 minutes. Add the remaining cranberries and cook another 5 minutes or so., ingredients: [Base Cranberry Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup guava jelly, Zest and juice of 1 lime, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 1 large shallot, finely diced, 34 cup brown sugar, 12 cup honey, 14 cup orange juice, 12 cup granulated sugar, Pinch kosher salt, 1 pound fresh or frozen cranberries], title: CranberryGuava Relish, picturelink: null}, 16673: {instructions: Slice the potatoes very finely on a mandolin, or with a good, sharp knife or a food processor. Steep in cold water for 30 minutes, drain and pat dry.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nThere should only be about 5 layers of potatoes, so choose your roasting pan accordingly. Drizzle some olive oil over the base of the pan. Put a layer of overlapping potato slices on the base, season with salt and freshly ground pepper, a sprinkling of herbs and garlic, a drizzle of olive oil and moisten with a little stock. Continue in this manner until everything is used up.nBake in the oven until softish when pierced, then increase the heat to 450 degrees F until very brown and crisp.nServe with what you will., ingredients: [1 pound waxy potatoes, peeled, Olive oil, 14 pint 12 cup vegetable or chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Herbs of your choice parsley, thyme, tarragon, etc., 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped], title: Petes Pommy Pommes, picturelink: null}, 16674: {instructions: To assemble the rolls, cut 6 sheets of rice paper in half. Fill a large bowl with warm water and dip 1 whole sheet of rice paper in the water until it softens then lay flat on a plate. Dip a half sheet of rice paper in the water and lay it vertically in the middle of the round sheet. This will strengthen the roll, preventing the filling from breaking through.nIn the middle of the rice paper, place 3 pieces of prawn in a horizontal line approximately 1 12inches from the top. Below the prawns add some perilla leaves, pork, lettuce, mint, and vermicelli.nTo form the roll, first fold the sides into the center over the filling, then fold the bottom of the rice paper up and over. Roll from bottom to top to form a tight roll, and just before you complete the roll add 2 pieces of garlic chives so that they stick out at one end.nServe 2 rolls per person with dipping fish sauce.nTo make the dipping fish sauce: Combine the fish sauce, vinegar, sugar, and water in a saucepan and place on medium heat. Stir well and cook until just before boiling point is reached, then allow to cool. To serve, finely chop the garlic and chile and stir through with the lime juice., ingredients: [3 ounces dried vermicelli noodles, cooked according to package directions, 18 sheets 8 12inch rice paper, 18 cooked small tiger prawns shrimp, peeled and sliced in half lengthwise, 1 bunch fresh perilla leaves, 4 ounces cooked pork neck, finely sliced, 1 cup firmly packed shredded iceberg lettuce, 1 bunch fresh mint sprigs, 1 bunch fresh garlic chives, Dipping Fish Sauce, recipe follows, to serve, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 ounces or 12 cup water, 2 cloves garlic, 1 chile, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice], title: Soft Rice Paper Rolls with Prawns and Pork: Goi Cuon, picturelink: h2lUmE4Z5UoIfPAGQEEQWGreQAcA2o6}, 16675: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the bangers: Using a meat grinder or food mill, grind the shrimp, lobster and garlic together into a large bowl. Then add the parsley, tarragon, seafood seasoning, salt, pepper, nutmeg, egg white and lemon juice to the bowl. Mix well with a spoon, ensuring not to over mix. TIP: Take a small bit of the mix and put it in boiling water for a second, take it out and make sure the seasoning is good. If you need more salt or pepper, this is the time to do it, before you fill the casings. To prepare the sausages, poke a small hole at the end of your casing, and then tie end of casing toward end of casing. Next, fill the casing according to the instructions that come with the equipment you are using, or with a pastry bag. While filling, twist or tie the casing every 5 to 6 inches to form each link until end of the casing, and then tie off the casing. To poach the sausages, in a large saucepan, bring water to a boil, and then reduce the heat to a simmer. Add the links and cook for 5 to 6 minutes. Then remove the sausages, repeat the process with the remaining sausages and then let rest to cool. To sear or crust the sausages, in a saute pan over high heat, add 1 teaspoon of oil, sear the sausages on all four sides, 1 to 2 minutes per side, and then repeat the process until all the sausages have been cooked. While sausages are cooling, begin to prepare your potatoes. In a 1 gallon pot, bring 10 cups water to a boil. Then add the potatoes and cook until fork tender, about 20 minutes. After cooking, remove from the water and strain. Then, using a ricer, process the potatoes through the ricer or a food mill into a bowl. If you dont have a ricer or food mill, you can use mixer with a whisk attachment, mixing on high to smooth. After ricing the potatoes, add the butter and season with salt and pepper. Finish with heavy cream, stirring in. For the sauce: In a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the orange juice and onions and bring to a simmer. Reduce the juice to 12 cup, and then stir in the horseradish. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter to finish. Hold warm until serving.nFor the sprouts: In a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil and warm. Then add the bacon and cook for 2 minutes, stirring throughout. Next, add the onions and again cook for 2 minutes the onions should be softened. Next, deglaze the pan with wine. Stir and add the Brussels sprouts, cooking until browned on edges, 8 to 9 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. To serve, place potatoes on plates and top with Brussels sprouts, then sausage. Drizzle with the sauce and finish with tarragon., ingredients: [1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 30 to 40 count, 4 ounces lobster meat, cooked, 3 cloves garlic, split, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, 34 teaspoon sea salt, Pinch ground white pepper, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 1 egg white, whisked to medium peaks, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 50 inches pork casing, soaked in warm water, 6 large Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, stored in water until cooking, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, Salt and ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons yellow onion, small dice, 1 tablespoon horseradish, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 14 cup diced bacon, 14 cup thinly sliced red onion, 2 cups Brussels sprouts, split and steamed, White wine, for deglazing, Salt and ground pepper, Chopped fresh tarragon, for garnish], title: Shrimp and Lobster Bangers and Mash, picturelink: VZZLRyAxkzG7bSul6rKuklvW4QKX6Mq}, 16676: {instructions: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. Combine the crushed pineapple and pineapple preserves in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Let cool and blend in a blender.nSprinkle the beef with cumin, salt and black pepper. Form a round ball and flatten to 1inch thick. Put on the grill for about 4 minutes per side for medium well.nToast the burger bun on the grill. Top with the burger. Add the provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, mustard, ketchup, pineapple sauce and crushed potato chips., ingredients: [1 20ounce can crushed pineapple in heavy syrup, 3 tablespoons pineapple preserves, 7 ounces chuck ground beef, Ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 burger bun, 1 slice provolone cheese, Lettuce, torn, 1 slice tomato, 1 slice onion, Mustard, for serving, Ketchup, for serving, Crushed potato chips, for serving], title: Yellow Burger, picturelink: null}, 16677: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPat the salmon fillets dry with towels and season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large ovensafe saute pan. Add fish to pan, flesh side down, and sear on both sides until golden. Remove from the pan and set aside.nAdd potatoes and all the vegetables, saffron, and tomato paste to the pan and saute until vegetables are translucent. Add the stock and stir well to combine. Add a small handful of fresh herbs, and then place the salmon fillets back in the pan on top of the vegetables.nCover and place the pan in the oven for 15 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender and the fish is cooked to your desired degree of doneness., ingredients: [4 6 to 8ounce salmon fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 cups sliced red bliss potatoes, 2 cups diced plum tomatoes, 34 cup sliced carrots, 34 cup sliced celery, 34 cup sliced fennel, 34 cup sliced onions, 1 tablespoon saffron, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 quart shrimp or lobster stock, Variety of fresh herbs, for seasoning], title: Braised Salmon, picturelink: 1k.ywifka5nr8c0C08S0zkdOzBnTTvu}, 16678: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease 2 medium ramekins or 4 by 4inch baking dishes, and set aside. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and 14 cup cocoa. Whisk in the milk, butter, and vanilla, just until smooth. Divide the batter between the 2 baking dishes.nIn a small bowl, mix the brown sugar and remaining14 cup cocoa, and sprinkle evenly over the batter. Carefully pour 34 cup boiling water over each dish and add about 8 raspberries to each dish.nBake 30 minutes. Let cool for 10 minutes before serving. Top with a dollop of whip cream and a few fresh raspberries., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 23 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup brown sugar, packed, 34 cup boiling water, 12 cup raspberries, 12 cup heavy cream, whipped], title: Hot Fudge Pudding, picturelink: null}, 16679: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray an 11 by 7inch baking dish or a medium sized oval baking dish with cooking spray.nLayer half of graham crackers, chopped bananas, chocolate chips, and marshmallows into the baking dish. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Bake in for 10 to 12 minutes or until marshmallows have turned slightly golden and chocolate chips are melted.nFor Sauce:nIn a small saucepan over mediumlow heat, combine the milk and pumpkin pie spice. Once the milk is hot, whisk in peanut butter until well combined and smooth and let cook for another 3 minutes until thick. Drizzle sauce over top of baked Smores., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 8 graham crackers, broken into quarters, 1 ripe banana, chopped, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 12 10.5ounce bag mini marshmallows, 12 milk, 14 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 14 cup creamy peanut butter], title: Banana Smore Nachos with Peanut Butter Sauce, picturelink: tle7p9MEn7LJcwq1oIC9ziYYYuT.F9q}, 16680: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large, heavybottomed pot, bring the rice, milk, and cardamom to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly with a heatsafe spoonula to help keep the milk from burning.nReduce the heat so that the milk is gently simmering and cook for 45 to 50 minutes, stirring often. The rice should be tender and the milk will have reduced by half, giving a porridgelike consistency.nAdd the sugar, rosewater or vanilla, and pistachios. Stir and turn off the heat. Serve either warm or chilled, garnished with extra pistachios. Goes well with fresh fruit too., ingredients: [12 cup basmati rice, 6 cups whole milk, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon rosewater, or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons minced unsalted pistachios or almonds, plus extra for garnish], title: Indian Rice Pudding, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 16681: {instructions: Brush both sides of the slices of bread with olive oil or butter. Assemble the sandwich layers as follows: prepared bread, smoked gouda, prosciutto, onions, tomato, fontina, and bread. Place in a panini press or in a heated grill pan or saute pan pressed with another heavy pan and cook until crisp and golden. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 1inch slices sourdough bread about 8 ounces, 2 tablespoons olive oil or melted butter, 2 ounces sliced smoked gouda, 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced red onions, 2 slices tomato, 1 ounce shredded fontina cheese], title: Smoked Gouda and Prosciutto Panini Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 16682: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Two 8inch round cake pansnFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease the bottom of two 8inch round cake pans and line with waxed paper or parchment paper.nSift together the flour, salt and baking powder, then set aside. In a large bowl using an electric mixer, cream the granulated sugar and butter together until light and fluffy. Add the vanilla and eggs, and beat until thoroughly mixed. Alternate adding the flour mixture and the milk, a little at a time, beating well after each addition. Continue beating for 1 minute. Spread the batter evenly into the prepared pans. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes.nCool the cakes in the pans on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Remove the cakes from the pans and cool completely on the wire rack.nFor the buttercream: In a stand mixer fitted with a whip attachment, beat the butter with the vanilla and salt. A little at a time, mix in 5 cups of the confectioners sugar and the milk and whip until smooth, adding more milk or up to 1 cup more confectioners sugar if needed.nFrost the top of one cake and place the second cake on top. Then spread the frosting over the top and sides of the cake. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons plus 3 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing, 3 cups cake flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 1 14 cups whole milk, 4 sticks 2 cups butter, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 5 to 6 cups sifted confectioners sugar, 14 cup milk or cream, plus more if needed], title: Yellow Cake with American Buttercream, picturelink: 5mWizrlWkqpZHKccoi3KOmOPh7IW5Uy}, 16683: {instructions: Special equipment: a snowman cookie cutternPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a halfsheet pan with parchment paper.nSift the flour into a medium bowl. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together the butter, sugar, vanilla extract and almond extract, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, scraping down the sides of the bowl after each addition. Decrease the speed to low, add the flour and mix to incorporate. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and increase the speed to medium for 30 seconds. Chill the dough for 1 hour in the refrigerator.nLightly dust a clean surface with flour. Using a rolling pin, roll out the dough between 14inch and 12inch thick. Cut the dough with a snowman cookie cutter and place on the prepared sheet pan about 24 cookies. Refrigerate the dough for 15 minutes. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes. Cool completely, then serve the cookies asis, or frost the cookies and then serve., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 8 ounces unsalted butter, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 2 eggs, Frosting, optional], title: Snowman Sugar Cookies, picturelink: KYYfjogzha9ck6OhenS.GgGZZDgFDK}, 16684: {instructions: Combine the almond milk, kale, powdered peanut butter, protein powder, banana and ice in a blender and blend until smooth. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 14 cups unsweetened almond milk, 1 cup loosely packed kale, 2 tablespoons powdered peanut butter, such as PB2, 1 scoop protein powder, 1 ripe banana, 1 cup ice], title: Power Smoothie, picturelink: qnQ4YZ1zT6rklrRM6HWCimLMcOy.ame}, 16685: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray.nMix together the flour and 1 teaspoon of the House Seasoning in a small bowl. Sprinkle the chicken with the remaining 1 teaspoon House Seasoning. Pour the buttermilk into a shallow dish. Dredge the chicken in the buttermilk, followed by the flour.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a heavy nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the chicken breasts to the hot oil and cook until both sides are browned, about 3 minutes per side, and then transfer to the baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining chicken breasts. Transfer the baking sheet to the oven and bake until the chicken is cooked through, about 10 minutes.nWhisk together the cornstarch and 14 cup chicken broth until dissolved. Set aside.nTo make the gravy , add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the same skillet and heat over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent, about 2 minutes.nAdd the remaining chicken broth, scrape the pan drippings with a wooden spoon, raise the heat to mediumhigh and cook until the mixture begins to bubble, about 2 minutes. Stir in the dissolved cornstarch to incorporate. Bring to a simmer and continue to cook until the mixture thickens, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the milk and black pepper and continue cooking over mediumhigh heat until thickened, 5 minutes longer.nRemove the chicken from the oven and top each piece with 4 teaspoons of the gravy. Sprinkle with the chopped green onions.nMix together the salt, garlic powder and pepper., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons House Seasoning, recipe follows, Eight 4ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, pounded, 1 12 cups lowfat buttermilk, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons cornstarch, One 14ounce can reducedsodium chicken broth, 14 cup sliced Vidalia onion, 12 cup reducedfat 1percent milk, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 green onions, chopped, 1 cup kosher salt, 14 cup garlic powder, 14 cup ground black pepper], title: Bobbys ChickenFried Chicken, picturelink: eJqs4k57Dh7pWO6VckoVsyvAtHf3vfW}, 16686: {instructions: Serving suggestion: light ice cream or yogurtnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick spray and set aside.nLightly toast the waffle, and then tear it into pieces. Place the pieces in a blender or food processor, and pulse until they are reduced to crumbs.nPlace the crumbs in an even layer on the baking sheet, and sprinkle with brown sugar and cinnamon. Bake in the oven until crispy, 5 to 7 minutes.nServe over light ice cream or yogurt. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 frozen lowfat waffle, 2 teaspoons brown sugar not packed, 18 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Bonus Waffle Recipe: Waffle Crumbles, picturelink: baNE3J.WhT8SpO9fWz9XqCHk.Eswq}, 16687: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Use an ice cream scooper to pick up mixture and drop on an oiled grill or iron skillet. Cook until 1 side browns. Then flip it over and press patty down. Cook other side until it browns. Cook on each side for 5 to 6 minutes.nNote: This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [4 cups mashed potatoes better to use day old mashed potatoes, 12 cup chopped onions, 1 egg, 14 cup flour], title: Potato Pancakes, picturelink: hn2xp1QWcaGzbZGbThb91vd0.UCeA9C}, 16688: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray a 9by5by3inch metal loaf pan with nonstick cooking spray and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, 34 teaspoon dry mustard, kosher salt and cayenne until combined. In a large bowl, whisk together 34 cup milk, the oil, 1 tablespoon honey and the eggs until smooth. Stir in the dry ingredients until just combined. Then fold in the ham, 34 cup shredded cheese, the diced cheese and scallions.nPour the batter into the prepared loaf pan and sprinkle the top with the remaining 14 cup shredded cheese. Bake until well risen, golden brown and a skewer or cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes.nCool in the pan for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small microwavesafe bowl, stir together the remaining 1 tablespoon each honey and milk and the remaining 1 12 teaspoons dry mustard until smooth. Heat in the microwave until hot and bubbling, 20 to 30 seconds. Turn the loaf onto a wire rack and generously brush with the warm glaze. Cool completely., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 2 14 teaspoons dry mustard, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch cayenne pepper, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon milk, 13 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 eggs, One 6ounce piece deli ham, finely chopped about 1 14 cups, 1 cup shredded gruyere cheese, lightly packed about 3 ounces, 12 cup finely diced about 14inch havarti or gruyere cheese about 2 ounces, 2 scallions, chopped], title: Ham and Cheese Quick Bread, picturelink: kzqGRlHAZPZVlyr3ZZbRGLcWuw.xoeG}, 16689: {instructions: Heat a large skillet or wok over medium heat. Add the 1tablespoon of oil and swirl to coat the pan. When the oil shimmers, add the onions and saute, stirring occasionally, until soft and browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Mix in the thyme, sage, and rosemary and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the mirin, and cook to evaporate the liquid, about 6 minutes. Cool.nArrange a sheet of the nori, shiny side down, on a rolling mat. Have a small bowl of water handy. Place a salmon fillet on the bottom half of the nori sheet and season with salt and pepper. Arrange 14 of the onions on the upper 13 of the salmon. Roll, wet the edge, and press the mat to seal. Repeat with the remaining nori, salmon, and onions. Allow the maki to rest, seam side down, for 2 minutes.nFill a fryer or heavy medium pot 13 full with the oil and heat over high heat to 425 degrees F. Place the flour in a medium bowl and slowly whisk in the club soda until the mixture resembles a light pancake batter. Dip the rolls in the batter and fry all at once, turning as necessary, until golden, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove the rolls with a mesh spoon and drain on paper towels. Season, to taste, with the salt and pepper.nWith a sharp knife, slice each maki in half. Cut one piece straight across into 3 pieces and cut the other piece diagonally into 2 pieces. Serve with dipping sauce.nIn a medium bowl, combine the soy sauce, vinegar, wasabi, honey, and sesame oil. Stir to blend., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, plus additional for deepfrying, 3 cups sliced onions, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 cup mirin Japanese sweet sake, 4 toasted nori sheets, 4 salmon fillets, about 4 ounces each, lightly pounded to 14inch thick, 2 cups rice flour, 4 cups club soda, Wasabi SoyHoney Dipping sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup soy sauce, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon wasabi powder, 13 cup honey, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil], title: Salmon and Herbed Onion Tempura Roll with Wasabi SoyHoney Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16690: {instructions: Butterfly shrimp by splitting meat almost all the way through lengthwise. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium to medium high heat. Add oil and butter to pan and melt butter. Add crushed pepper, garlic, and shrimp. Saute shrimp until pink but not cooked through, 2 minutes, then add wine and let it almost evaporate out, another 2 minutes. Remove pan from heat and sprinkle shrimp with lemon juice and parsley then season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pile several shrimp on each plate of Caesar Greens and serve.nTo make dressing, combine anchovies, garlic, and oil in a metal or heatproof glass bowl. Place bowl on grill top and cover grill. Cook oil mixture 2 or 3 minutes or until garlic is speaking by sizzling in oil. Remove dressing from heat and beat warm oil with a fork until the anchovies break up completely and dissipates in oil. Cooked anchovies melt away easily and the flavor changes from fishy to nutty. Transfer oil mixture to a large salad bowl. Add Worcestershire, lemon juice, egg, pepper, and cheese while beating with fork. Toss greens to coat with dressing., ingredients: [1 12 pounds jumbo shrimp, shelled and deveined, 1 tablespoon 1 turn around the pan extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 a couple of pinches teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 12 cup a generous splash dry white wine, 12 lemon, juiced, A handful of chopped flat leaf parsley, Coarse salt and black pepper, Caesar Greens, recipe follows, 1 2 ounce tin anchovy, drained, 4 large cloves garlic, cracked away from skins and finely chopped, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons several drops Worcestershire sauce, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup pasteurized cholesterolfree egg product, available on dairy aisle, Coarsely ground black pepper, to your taste, 12 cup a couple of handfuls grated Parmigiano, 2 large heads romaine lettuce, trimmed to hearts and coarsely chopped], title: Marc Anthonys Scampi Salad, picturelink: null}, 16691: {instructions: Preheat grill. Brush chicken breasts with 1 tablespoon of olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill breasts on each side for 4 to 5 minutes, remove and let rest. Toss the potatoes in the remaining olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill flesh side down for 2 to 3 minutes until golden brown, turn over and continue cooking until tender. Place 4 tortillas on an ungreased baking sheet. Spread each tortilla with 2 tablespoons of each cheese, 4 slices of chicken, 1 clove of garlic and 4 potato halves. Sprinkle each tortilla with fresh thyme. Stack the 2 layers and cover with the remaining 2 tortillas. Brush the top tortillas with vegetable oil place oilside down on the grill. Cook on one side until golden brown, turn over and continue cooking until the cheese melts. Cut into quarters and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 boneless chicken breasts, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 8 small new potatoes, halved, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 cloves roasted garlic, Six 6inch flour tortillas, 12 cup Monterey Jack cheese, shredded, 12 cup white Cheddar cheese, shredded, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Grilled Chicken, New Potato, Roasted Garlic and Fresh Thyme Quesadilla, picturelink: null}, 16692: {instructions: Wash inside of hens and dry thoroughly. Cut off wings, chop and reserve. Halve hens by cutting through back of either side of back bone.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Heat 14 cup clarified butter over high heat in baking dish. Add wing pieces and fry.nStir in carrot, onion and celery and continue to fry. Place hen halves on bed of vegetables and add sherry. Season with salt and white pepper and baste with a little clarified butter. Roast on middle shelf of oven for 45 minutes.nMelt scant 14 cup clarified butter in saucepan. Stir in flour and cook until it browns, but dont let it burn. Add madiera and veal stock. Stir in jelly and juice from truffle. Bring to a boil, then simmer over low heat for 40 minutes or until hens are cooked.nRemove hens to a warm platter. To finish sauce, add red wine and lemon juice to pan. Pour this over vegetables in roasting pan, bring to boil, skim and sieve into clean pan. Discard vegetables. Sprinkle hens with grapes and sliced truffle. Garnish with parsley. Serve with sauce., ingredients: [4 rock Cornish hens, about 1 14 pounds each, 12 cup clarified butter, 4 ounces carrots, sliced, 4 ounces onion, sliced, 4 ounces celery, sliced, 2 ounces dry sherry, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground white pepper, to taste, 1 12 ounces flour, 4 ounces Madeira wine, 16 ounces veal stock, 2 tablespoons red currant jelly, 1 ounce truffle, thinly sliced, 4 ounces red wine, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 8 ounces seedless green grapes, halved, Finely chopped parsley, to garnish], title: Pigeonneaux Paradis, picturelink: null}, 16693: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8 by 8inch baking dish with 2 tablespoons of the butter.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large pot over medium heat, and then add the mushrooms and shallots and saute until the mushrooms are golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add the flour and cook for 2 minutes, and then add the milk, mustard powder, nutmeg and cayenne pepper and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook until thick, about 5 minutes. Stir in the cheese and broccoli until the cheese is melted.nPour the cheese, broccoli and mushroom mixture into the casserole dish. Melt the remaining butter and toss with the panko. Sprinkle evenly over the casserole. Sprinkle the duck prosciutto evenly on top. Sprinkle with more salt and pepper, and then bake in the center of the oven until bubbly around edges, and the panko and duck are crispy, 25 to 35 minutes.nSlice and serve on a plate or in a bowl, on its own or over fusilli., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound mixed mushrooms, such as button, shiitake and oyster, 2 shallots, minced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 1 tablespoon mustard powder, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Sea salt, Freshly cracked pepper, 2 12 cups sharp Cheddar, grated, 1 head broccoli, cut in small pieces, blanched, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 slices duck prosciutto, diced, Tricolor fusilli pasta, cooked to al dente, for serving, optional], title: Broccoli, Wild Mushroom and Duck Prosciutto Casserole Smothered in a Sharp Cheddar Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16694: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSpread 2 slices of bread evenly with mustard. Top each with 14 of the cheese. Place 12 of the ham and turkey on cheese. Cover with remaining cheese. Top with remaining slices of bread to form 2 sandwiches.nIn a large shallow dish, whisk together eggs and milk season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Dip each sandwich in egg mixture to coat well on both sides.nOn a griddle or in a large saute pan, melt butter over medium heat. Add sandwiches and cook until golden brown, about 4 minutes per side. Cut each sandwich in 12 and serve immediately, dusted with confectioners sugar, if desired., ingredients: [4 12inchthick slices white sandwich bread, 2 teaspoons Dijon or honey mustard, 4 ounces Swiss cheese, thinly sliced, 2 ounces Black Forest ham, thinly sliced, 2 ounces roast turkey breast, thinly sliced, 2 large eggs, 14 cup milk, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, Confectioners sugar, for dusting optional], title: Monte Cristo Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 16695: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a large, heavy bottomed sauce pan over moderate heat, and add 12 the onions, salt and pepper. Saute briskly until slightly golden, about 8 to 10 minutes, and add the garlic. Cook and additional minute, then add the white wine and reduce to half. Add thyme, saffron, clam juice or fish stock, and tomato juice and bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook over low heat about 10 minutes. Strain and reserve.nWorking in batches or in more than one pan, heat the remaining olive oil over high heat and add the remaining onion. Saute briefly, stirring occasionally, until onions are beginning to color, about 4 minutes. Add mussels to pan, keeping them in 1 layer, and saute 1 to 2 minutes, then add a proportionate amount of broth. Bring to a boil, reduce immediately to a simmer and cook, covered, for 3 to 5 minutes or until all the mussels are opened. Toss in parsley and serve on shallow soup plates with about a cup of broth per serving., ingredients: [2 medium onions, peeled and julienne, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 to 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 2 12 cups clam juice or fish stock, 1 cup tomato sauce, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon saffron strands, 3 pounds small black mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 1 bunch flat leaf parsley leaves, washed and chopped], title: Mussels in Saffron Broth, picturelink: null}, 16696: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cut the top off the garlic head and drizzle with 1 teaspoon of the olive oil. Wrap in aluminum foil and bake until soft, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Unwrap and allow to cool.nDrain and rinse the beans. Reserve 12 cup beans for the Round 2 Salad recipe. Put them into a food processor along with 14 cup olive oil. Squeeze in the roasted garlic pulp and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Process until smooth and about the consistency of mayonnaise, adding some water if its too thick. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the hummus for the Round 2 Salad recipe.nSpread the hummus on each slice of bread. Top 4 slices of bread with the cucumber and tomato slices and cover with the remaining bread. Reserve 12 of the cucumber and 12 tomatoes for the Round 2 Salad recipe. Cut the sandwiches in half and wrap them well with waxed paper or plastic wrap., ingredients: [1 head garlic, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 1 teaspoon, 2 15ounce cans white beans, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices wholewheat bread, toasted, 2 large cucumbers, sliced, 3 Roma tomatoes, sliced], title: Cucumber and Tomato Sandwich with Garlic White Bean Hummus, picturelink: guRQ1aQcEzDz4hS9MeIJEkyUDE1aEi}, 16697: {instructions: Cook the chorizo in a skillet over medium heat until the fat has been rendered, about 5 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd the onion, carrots, celery, and garlic to the chorizo and cook until the vegetables have carmelized, about 10 minutes.nAdd the crumbled corn bread, chicken stock, and cilantro. Make sure that the stuffing itself is not to dry but at the same time not to wet.nPlace the stuffing into a buttered casserole and bake in the oven until heated through and lightly browned, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound hard chorizo diced, 1 white onion diced, 12 cup chopped carrot 1 large carrot, 12 cup chopped celery, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 cups crumbled corn bread, 12 cup chicken stock, 14 cup chopped cilantro], title: Chorizo and Corn Bread Stuffing, picturelink: 6VHIA1j3jl.fWvVSck7WHJrdMzQlc.2}, 16698: {instructions: To prepare the marinade, combine all of the ingredients together in a large container and marinate the beef for 2 hours in the refrigerator. Once the beef is marinated, sear the beef on both sides in a saute pan for approximately 10 minutes or until desired doneness.nTo make the tamale filling: In a saute pan, add enough olive oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan and heat. Saute the peppers, garlic, onion, and hot sauce. Cook until the peppers are tender and set aside.nTo make the tamales, use a mixing bowl and combine the corn flour, vegetable shortening, chicken broth, achiote paste, and salt and pepper. Mix until a dough starts to form. Place the banana leaves on a flat surface and spread the tamale dough in the center of each leaf. Add the cooked peppers and fold the banana leaves around the tamale. Steam the tamales for 20 minutes.nTo serve, slice the tamales or cut them open and place in the center of each plate. Place the beef fillets to the side and serve., ingredients: [4 6ounce beef fillets, 4 tablespoons hot pepper sauce, recommended: Cholula, 8 tablespoons olive oil, 1 ounce garlic, minced, 1 ounce chopped thyme, rosemary, and sage, Salt and pepper, Olive oil, 2 ounces red bell peppers, sliced, 2 ounces yellow bell pepper, sliced, 1 ounce garlic, chopped, 1 onion, sliced, 1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce, recommended: Cholula, 8 ounces corn flour, 3 ounces vegetable shortening, 4 ounces chicken broth, 1 ounce achiote paste, Salt and pepper, 4 banana leaves, presteamed], title: Beef Fillet Marinated in Cholula Hot Sauce with Tamale and Achiote Paste, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 16699: {instructions: For the pico de gallo: Combine the tomatoes, jalapeno, onion, cilantro and lime juice in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nFor the eggs: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and cook, breaking up the meat into big chunks, until wellbrowned, about 4 minutes. If the mixture seems dry, add another tablespoon of oil. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until tender reduce the heat if the onion browns too quickly, about 3 minutes. Turn the heat to mediumlow.nBeat the eggs in a bowl until frothy. Stir the butter into the skillet. When it has just melted, pour the eggs over the chorizo and stir constantly with a wooden spoon or rubber spatula until they are just set. Garnish with the reserved cilantro and serve with the tortillas, avocado and pico de gallo., ingredients: [2 plum tomatoes, diced, 12 jalapeno, diced seeded if desired, 12 small red onion, diced, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped reserve some for garnish, Juice of 12 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound fresh Mexican chorizo, casings removed, 1 small white onion, finely chopped, 8 large eggs, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Eight 6inch flour tortillas, warmed, for serving, 2 avocados, peeled, pitted and sliced], title: Huevos con Chorizo, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 16700: {instructions: Soak the slice of bread in the milk in a small bowl.nMix the ground meats, soaked bread, and all remaining ingredients, up to the olive oil, until well combined.nRoll the meat mixture into walnutsized balls. In a large saute pan, over mediumhigh heat, heat the olive oil and sear the meatballs. If you cant fit them all in the pan at once, cook in batches. Sear into golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Cool slightly.nIn a small saucepan, heat the chili sauce over low heat.nStick a toothpick or skewer into each meatball, then dip them into the sauce. Roll the tips in toasted panko and crystallized ginger and serve.nFood Network Kitchens have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 slice white bread, 12 cup whole milk, 12 pound ground pork, 12 pound ground lamb, 12 pound ground bison, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 tablespoon peeled and finely grated fresh ginger, 2 serrano peppers, chopped, 2 shallots, chopped, 12 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon plum vinegar, 12 teaspoon mirin, 1 lime, juiced, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg, 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 jar sweet chili sauce, 12 cup panko crumbs, toasted, 3 tablespoons chopped crystallized ginger], title: Sweet Chili Asian Meatballs, picturelink: 5IOyVa3ZWWtUcEGw1pt3d1bAHqb0Daa}, 16701: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small skillet combine 23 cup of the sugar with 14 cup water and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring and washing down any sugar crystals clinging to the sides with a brush dipped in cold water until the sugar is dissolved. Cook the syrup, swirling the skillet, until it is a deep caramel, pour it into a warm 2quart glass loaf pan, tilting the pan to coat the bottom evenly, and let the caramel harden.nIn a bowl beat the eggs with the remaining 23 cup sugar, beat in the pumpkin puree, salt, ginger, cinnamon, allspice, and cream, and pour the custard into the loaf pan. Set the loaf pan in a deep baking pan, add enough hot water to the baking pan to reach halfway up the sides of the loaf pan, and bake the flan in the middle of a preheated moderate oven 350 degrees F for 1 hour and 15 minutes, or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Let the flan cool and chill it, covered, overnight. Run a thin knife around the edge of the loaf pan, invert a platter over the pan, and invert the flan onto the platter. Serve the flan, cut into slices, with the cinnamon whipped cream., ingredients: [1 13 cups sugar, 6 large eggs, 2 cups canned pumpkin puree, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 cups heavy cream, Cinnamon whipped cream as an accompaniment recipe follows], title: Pumpkin Flan, picturelink: BTdbv06bmf.rNRWlVHxKzscz6RVGxJC}, 16702: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add 1 tablespoon salt. Add the string beans and cook for 2 minutes. Drain and then place the string beans in a serving dish.nFor the herb butter, placed the scallion, dill, parsley, butter, 1 teaspoon salt and the pepper in a small bowl and combine.nScoop a generous tablespoon of the herb butter and place it on top of the string beans. Sprinkle with sea salt and serve.nUse any extra herb butter for serving on a steak or in a sandwich., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound French string beans, stem end removed, 1 tablespoon minced scallion, white and green parts, 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill, 1 tablespoon minced fresh flat leaf parsley, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Sea salt or fleur de sel, for serving], title: Haricots Verts with Herb Butter, picturelink: pCWIF5wCfeKDZ8efFTaUSI2kNvHMYO.}, 16703: {instructions: For the dressing, saute the chicken livers until cooked through. In a blender, puree liver with oil, vinegar, and shallots. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Set aside. For the salad, saute the lardons in a medium saute pan over medium heat until crispy. Transfer with bacon fat into mixing bowl. Toss with frisee and enough dressing until coated lightly. Generously spread cheese on croutons. Serve salad in individual plates topped with 1 crouton., ingredients: [1 to 2 chicken livers, 2 ounces Balsamic Vinegar, 6 ounces blended oil, 1 shallot minced, Salt and pepper, 1 pound large cut country bacon about 12 inch by 12 inch by 12 inch, 2 heads frisee, washed and trimmed, Roquefort or chevre cheese, 4 slices of baguette, toasted], title: Frisee aux Lardons, picturelink: null}, 16704: {instructions: Saute the onions for 5 minutes until soft, add anchovies and cook until dissolved, add fennel, tomato, pine nuts, currants, salt and pepper to taste. Bring to boil, and reduce to simmer. Cook for 15 to 20 minutes, add fresh dill. Meanwhile, cook the pasta al dente, drain and add saffron dissolved in 3 tablespoons of water, let stand for 2 minutes to color the pasta, top with sauce and serve with toasted bread crumbs on top., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 cup sliced onions, 8 anchovy fillets, 1 fennel bulb cooked al dente, julienned, 1 cup basic tomato sauce, 14 cup pine nuts, 14 cup dried currants, 12 cup fresh dill, 8 saffron threads, 1 pound percatelli pasta, Toasted bread crumbs], title: Pasta con Sarde a Mare, picturelink: null}, 16705: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: cookie press with a star tipnPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPut the softened cheese and butter in the bowl of a heavyduty electric mixer. Using the heaviest mixer paddle attachment, beat until the mixture has the consistency of whipped cream, 15 to 30 minutes.nIn a large bowl, sift 3 cups of the flour with the salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper and garlic powder. Gradually add the seasoned flour to the cheese mixture by large spoonfuls, beating well after each addition. Add the remaining 1 cup unseasoned flour incrementally until the dough is somewhat stiff but still soft enough to be pushed through a cookie press you may not need to add all the flour.nLightly spray 4 cookie sheets with cooking spray. Put a portion of the dough into a cookie press fitted with the star tube and press the dough onto a cookie sheet in long strips that run the length of the pan. Repeat until the pan is full. Bake until straws are golden brown and crisp, about 20 minutes.nWith your hands or a sharp knife, break or cut the long strips into 3inch lengths. Use a flat, thin spatula or an egg turner to remove the cheese strips from the pan. Allow them to cool on a wire rack. When they are completely cool, serve or store in a tightly covered container., ingredients: [Three 10ounce bricks sharp Cheddar cheese, shredded cold then left at room temperature, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, softened, 4 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Dash of garlic powder, Cooking spray], title: Cheese Straws, picturelink: klgpe5OOZyPrFDOLbeoKalE3rBDwgR6}, 16706: {instructions: Put all the sauce ingredients into a saucepan. Over medium heat bring it to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer for 12 hour. At the same time mix the marinade together, and rub it all the over hens. Marinate for at least 1 hour. Roast hens in a preheated 375 degree F oven for 25 minutes, and then brush with sauce. Finish the hens on a preheated grill for another 7 minutes, turning and brushing with more sauce to glaze., ingredients: [2 cups orange juice, 12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup honey, 14 cup onion, small diced, 2 tablespoons ginger, grated, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 lemon, zested, juiced, 1 orange, zested, juiced, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, chopped, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 Cornish hens, split, backbones removed], title: Orange Glazed Love Cornish Hen, picturelink: null}, 16707: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 dessert ramekinsnFor the chocolate ganache: Bring the heavy cream to a simmer in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Remove from the heat and stir in the bittersweet chocolate chips until they melt and the mixture thickens. Line up 4 dessert ramekins and divide the ganache evenly among them. Set aside.nFor the butterscotch pudding: Whisk together the brown sugar, cornstarch and salt in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Slowly whisk in the cream, milk and egg yolks, bring to a boil, and stir constantly until the mixture thickens, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter and vanilla extract. Pour on top of the chocolate ganache in the dessert ramekins. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Serve chilled., ingredients: [14 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate chips, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, 2 large egg yolks, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Ganache Butterscotch Pudding, picturelink: 894Hrt8liccgws1Ex6McvNDh8JteLLK}, 16708: {instructions: To prepare the glaze: Combine the pineapple juice, vinegar, ginger, soy sauce and brown sugar in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the volume is reduced by half, about 30 minutes. Add the mustard and cook an additional 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the lime juice, and white pepper. Let cool.nTo prepare the burgers: Shape the ground tuna firmly into 8 round uniform patties about 1 12inches thick. Place in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. The burgers must be very cold to hold their shape when cooking Brush both sides of the burgers lightly with the pineapple glaze and season with salt and pepper to taste. Preheat grill. Grill burgers for 3 to 4 minutes on each side for medium doneness, basting often with the glaze. Serve burgers on rolls with watercress.nTo prepare the relish: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving.nTo prepare the gaufrettes: Heat oil to 365 degrees F in a deep fryer. Fry potato in batches and remove to large plate lined with paper towels. Season immediately with salt and ancho chile powder., ingredients: [4 cups pineapple juice, 1 cup white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon ginger, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup light brown sugar, firmly packed, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 2 pounds fresh tuna steaks, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 rolls, Watercress, 3 poblano peppers, grilled, seeded and finely diced, 3 medium dill pickles, finely diced, 14 cup finely diced red onion, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Peanut Oil, 2 potatoes, peeled and cut into gaufrettes, Salt, Ancho chile powder], title: Tuna Burgers with PineappleMustard Glaze and Green Chile Pickle Relish and Ancho Gaufrettes, picturelink: null}, 16709: {instructions: Heat 2 12 cups of the milk in a large saucepan over medium heat until steaming.nWhisk 34 cup of the sugar, the cornstarch and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Whisk in the egg yolks and the remaining 12 cup milk.nWhisk half of the hot milk into the egg mixture until smooth, and then gradually whisk the eggmilk mixture into the milk in the saucepan. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture boils. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, and let the mixture come to a simmer. Continue to cook, whisking constantly, until it has thickened to a puddinglike consistency, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter and vanilla.nLayer a third of the pudding, half the banana slices and half the vanilla wafers in a 9inch square baking dish. Layer with half the remaining pudding, all the remaining banana slices and all the remaining wafers. Top with the last of the pudding. Cover with plastic wrap pressed directly on the pudding surface, and refrigerate overnight to soften the cookies.nPosition a rack in the upper third of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Bring the egg whites to room temperature. Beat the egg whites and cream of tartar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment on medium speed until frothy. Increase the speed to mediumhigh, and slowly sprinkle in the remaining 12 cup sugar a tablespoon at a time, whipping for 15 seconds after each addition, until glossy firm peaks form. Spread the meringue on top of the pudding with an offset spatula so it reaches the edges of the pan. Bake until golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Serve warm or chilled., ingredients: [3 cups whole milk, 1 14 cups sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, Kosher salt, 4 large eggs, separated, yolks lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 ripe medium bananas about 1 pound, thinly sliced crosswise about 2 12 cups, 50 vanilla wafers, such as Nilla Wafers about half a box, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar], title: Southern Banana Pudding, picturelink: A1U.HNUO5wTZNZHcgVzbtgsIgtzUJx6}, 16710: {instructions: In a blender or food processor, add all guava shells and half the syrup from one can. Process until it reaches a smooth consistency. Put puree in a medium saucepan and cook at low heat until reduced to a very thick consistency. Let guava cool and then fill into pastry bag. In a medium mixing bowl, add 4 ounces of water, 2 ounces of butter, and salt and mix until smooth. Then add flour and work well until all ingredients are incorporated. Continue to add water, a little at a time, working the dough until a mediumhard consistency is reached. Form dough into a ball and let rest for 15 minutes. Roll the dough into a flat square, about 12inch thick.nPlace the remaining butter in the middle of square and pat down by hand to form a square about onehalf the size of the dough square. Fold over the 4 corners of the dough, 1 at a time, overlapping each other so that a sealed envelope is formed enclosing the butter. Dust with flour and roll out to form a rectangle about 14inch thick. Now fold 13 of the rectangle dough towards the middle and the remaining 13 over those 2. Let dough rest for 15 minutes. Now repeat process above of rolling out and folding in 3, 2 more times, resting 15 minutes between each.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoll out a final time into a rectangle and fold 14of the dough on each side to the middle and then fold 1 more time down the middle to form 4 flaps in the fold. Let rest for 15 minutes. Roll out to a rectangle to about 18inch thick. With a knife, cut the flattened dough into a 4inch wide strip by length of your baking sheet. Lay strip on sheet pan lined with waxed paper and put filling lengthwise in the middle in continuous stream about 34inch in diameter. Spray edges of strips with water and cover with another 4inch strip of dough the same size as bottom. Press the edges together by hand very softly all the way around. Brush top with egg wash and bake for 35 minutes. Remove from oven and brush with a simple syrup over the top and bake for another 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from oven and cut crosswise into 16 pieces., ingredients: [2 16ounce cans Guava shells in syrup, 4 ounces water, plus more as needed for moisture, 12 ounces unsweetened butter or lard, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 pound allpurpose flour, 1 egg, beaten with 1 ounce of water, 1 ounce simple syrup equal amount water and sugar, heated until sugar dissolves], title: CUBAN PASTELITO de GUAYABA, picturelink: null}, 16711: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour a 9inch springform pan. In a large mixing bowl cream the butter with an electric mixer until soft. Add the sugar and beat until well blended. Add the eggs and vanilla and beat until light and very fluffy.nThoroughly combine the flour, ground oats, baking powder, cardamom, and salt in a medium bowl. Beat these ingredients into the butter mixture, alternating with the milk, until well blended. Scrape into the prepared pan and smooth the top. Bake 50 to 55 minutes, or until a knife inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Do not overcook. Cool on a wire rack 15 minutes, then loosen the edges of the cake, invert onto a platter, and invert again onto the rack so the cake is right side up. Let the cake cool completely, about 2 hours.nWhen the cake is cool, make the frosting: In a small saucepan melt the butter over medium low heat. Add the brown sugar and stir until melted and blended with the butter. Slowly pour in the milk, mix well, and bring the mixture to a boil. Scrape it into a medium bowl and cool 10 minutes. Add the confectioners sugar and vanilla and beat with an electric mixer until smooth. Spread all over the cooled cake. Decorate the cake by sprinkling the ground nuts on top, leaving a 34inch border bare. Wait at least 15 minutes before serving to allow the frosting to set, ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups unbleached flour, 1 cup oats, ground fine in a blender, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup milk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 12 tablespoons milk, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 13 cup very finely ground pecans or walnuts], title: Oatmeal Cake with Penuche Frosting, picturelink: null}, 16712: {instructions: Halve 2 cups fresh figs and place in a small pot with 2 strips lemon zest and 2 tablespoons each red wine, water and brown sugar. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the figs are soft, 20 to 25 minutes.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Glazed Figs, picturelink: jQ7Q6L9r4VVQvAygZ2I0J6jD0tX0NgW}, 16713: {instructions: In a bowl, combine salmon, mayonnaise, sour cream, capers, gherkins, dill, salt and pepper. With a sharp knife, cut off the base of the endive and separate the leaves. Use a teaspoon to fill the end of each endive leaf with salad.nTo serve, arrange on a platter and top each leaf with salmon roe or wasabi caviar., ingredients: [12 ounces chilled grilled salmon, broken into large flakes, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon capers, drained and roughly chopped, 14 cup dill gherkins, drained and finely chopped, 1 12 tablespoons minced fresh dill, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 4 heads Belgian endive, Salmon roe or wasabi caviar], title: Grilled Salmon Salad in Endive Cups with Caviar, picturelink: null}, 16714: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Butter 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish.nMix first 7 ingredients in large pot. Bring to simmer over mediumhigh heat. Add half of cheese whisk until smooth. Chill remaining cheese. Transfer potato mixture to prepared dish, spreading evenly. Cover with foil bake 15 minutes. Uncover and bake until potatoes are very tender and liquid bubbles thickly, about 50 minutes. Dot potatoes with remaining cheese. Bake until cheese softens, about 5 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 12 cups canned chicken broth, 1 cup dry white wine, 23 cup minced shallots, 2 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon herbes de Provence, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 10 12 to 11ounce log soft fresh goat cheese, crumbled, 4 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, thinly sliced], title: Scalloped Potatoes with Goat Cheese and Herbes de Provence, picturelink: null}, 16715: {instructions: In a small bowl, add the lemon zest, dill and olive oil and combine well. Rub the tuna with the mixture and marinate, covered, in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace 2 cups of the salt on a baking tray. Lay 1 side of the tuna in the salt and place in a very high oven or on a grill and bake for 15 to 20 minutes for mediumrare to medium, or longer if desired. All sides should be seared and the inside of tuna should be rare., ingredients: [1 lemon, zested, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped dill leaves, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cups coarse salt, 1 12 pounds tuna tenderloin], title: SaltCrusted Tuna, picturelink: null}, 16716: {instructions: Pick through the sugar snap peas to remove any that arent perfect. Remove and discard the stem end and the string from each pod. Toss the snap peas in a bowl with sesame oil, sesame seeds, and kosher salt, to taste. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound sugar snap peas, Dark sesame oil, Black sesame seeds, Kosher salt], title: Sugar Snap Peas with Sesame, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 16717: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring the water and salt to a boil in a large heavy stockpot. Let it boil for 2 minutes, then remove the pot from heat and add polenta flour by the handful, beating constantly. Continue to add the flour slowly, controlling the flow to a thin stream through your fingers to avoid lumps. Return the pot to the stove and bring to low simmer. Continue cooking for about 40 minutes, stirring constantly. Polenta will be done when it cleanly pulls away from the sides of the pot. Stir in the butter, heavy cream and cheese. Once combined, carefully pour the polenta onto a large sheet pan 12 by 18inch. Spread it out evenly and let it cool completely until firm to the touch, about 1 12 hours.nIn a large saute pan over high heat, add the butter, chopped garlic, porcini mushrooms, and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook without stirring until the water from the mushrooms has been released and has evaporated. Add the Marsala wine, and parsley and begin stirring with a wooden spoon. Once the ingredients are incorporated, add the cream, reduce the heat to medium and continue cooking until the cream is reduced by half and has a thick consistency. Remove from the heat and keep covered. Set aside.nHeat the canola oil over high heat in a large deep pot or a deepfryer. Meanwhile, slice the cooled polenta into desired size and shape. Once the oil has reached frying temperature, add the polenta, in batches, and deepfry until golden brown.nArrange the polenta on serving plates and spoon the desired amount of sauce over the top. Garnish with the shaved ParmigianoReggiano and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 cups water, 1 tablespoon coarse salt, 2 12 cups coarsely ground polenta flour, 4 ounces butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 quart canola oil, for frying, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh garlic, 12 cup small diced fresh porcini mushrooms, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup dry Marsala wine, 1 tablespoon finely chopped Italian parsley leaves, 2 cups heavy cream, Shaved ParmigianoReggiano, for garnish], title: Polenta ai Funghi Porcini, picturelink: CZsROOV01kbo4ePpBf92zB2xbhS5vry}, 16718: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. For the glaze, spread the brown sugar over the bottom of a greased loaf pan and spread the cranberry sauce over the sugar. In a large bowl mix all the remaining ingredients until well incorporated. Form the meat mixture into the loaf pan, laying out over the cranberry glaze. Bake in 350 degree oven for 1 hour, be sure to assemble and cook the potato gratin along with the meatloaf, as they have the same cooking times. Turn out the loaf and set aside.nBlanch beans in boiling, salted water for 1 minute and then shock in an ice water bath. When ready for dinner, toss the beans with walnut oil, salt and pepper and slivered almonds and place on a baking sheet and place in the oven with the meatloaf for the last 10 minutes before the meatloaf comes out.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees. Season potatoes with salt and pepper and layer in buttered 2 inch deep baking pan. Bring the rest of the ingredients to a boil and pour over the potatoes while hot, until potatoes are almost covered. Bake at 400 degrees until tender, about one hour.nTo assemble the dish, slice the meatloaf into 1 12inch thick slices, and plate with a nice square of the potato gratin, and the beans along side. Serve everything warm., ingredients: [14 cup brown sugar, 12 cup mashed cranberry sauce, 2 pounds ground turkey, 34 cup milk, 34 cup bread crumbs, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, 14 cup diced red onions, 12 cup chicken broth just enough to moisten, 12 pound green beans, 12 pound yellow wax beans, 14 cup walnut oil, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 cup toasted slivered almonds, 2 large Idaho potatoes, peeled and sliced 18inch thick, 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced 18inch thick, 1 cup milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon roast garlic puree, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 1 pinch nutmeg, 1 tablespoon chopped rosemary], title: Turkey Meatloaf with Cranberry Glaze, Mixed Beans Almondine, and Potato Gratin, picturelink: null}, 16719: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nSlide 2 fingers under chicken skin and loosen enough to tuck 2 lemon slices, 4 garlic slices and 1 thyme sprig underneath the skin, directly over the breast meat of each chicken breast. Season chicken generously with salt and pepper. Place chicken in 9 by 13 inch glass baking dish. Pour 1 cup chicken broth, remaining sliced garlic and thyme sprigs in pan bottom.nPlace in oven and roast until chicken is golden brown and cooked through, about 25 minutes. Remove chicken from pan and set aside. Pour pan juices into a small sauce pot. Add lemon juice. Reduce over medium high heat until sauce has thickened to almost a glaze. Taste and adjust seasonings with salt and pepper. Pour juices over chicken and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 chicken breasts with skin and on the bone, 4 paper thin lemon slices, 8 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 4 sprigs thyme or any fresh herb you like, Coarse grained salt and cracked black pepper, 1 cup fatfree, low sodium chicken broth, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Quickest Roasted Chicken Dinner, picturelink: null}, 16720: {instructions: In a large pot, heat the oil and saute the onion and garlic. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer until done, about 35 minutes.nTIP:nCOOKING WITH LIMESEVICHEnThe acid in the lime juice cooks the seafood. The ratio should be at least 34 cup lime juice to one pound of raw seafood such as scallops or shrimp. Season with salt, pepper, and your favorite spice, serve over salad., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium red onion, diced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, Salt, 12 pound fried tofu, 2 carrots diced, 12 pound green beans, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 medium tomatoes, diced, 1 cup vegetable stock, 12 bunch cilantro, chopped, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 limes thinly sliced, Juice of one lime], title: Curtis Lime Soup, picturelink: null}, 16721: {instructions: Combine the vodka and walnut liqueur in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well and strain into a chilled martini glass.nThread the cranberries onto the rosemary sprig and place in the glass. Garnish with the walnut.nPhotograph by James Wojcik, ingredients: [2 12 ounces vodka, preferably Ketel One, 2 ounces walnut liqueur, preferably Nocello, 3 fresh cranberries, 1 sprig rosemary, 1 walnut, toasted], title: CranberryWalnut Martini, picturelink: grXkOR2hE4mv2dOVgAmVLhgT.P8oN0.}, 16722: {instructions: Up to 12 hours before serving, put the rice, oats, barley and farina in a 6to10cup rice cooker. Stir in the orange peel, cinnamon stick, sugar, salt and 5 cups water. Add the dried fruit.nClose the cooker, set the timer and program for the porridge cycle so that breakfast is ready at the desired time. If you dont have a porridge setting on your rice cooker, program for 50 to 55 minutes.nServe the warm porridge with nuts, syrup andor milk, if desired.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [12 cup red or wild rice, 12 cup steelcut oats, 14 cup pearl barley or farro, 12 cup farina or wheat cereal, 1 2inch piece orange peel, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 to 2 tablespoons packed dark or light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup dried fruit cranberries, cherries, raisins andor chopped apricots, Chopped nuts, maple syrup andor milk, for serving optional], title: WholeGrain Breakfast Porridge, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 16723: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a large baking sheet with nonstick spray and set it aside.nIn a small bowl, combine cheese wedges with 1 tablespoon of hot sauce and mix well. Add blue cheese, stir, and set aside.nHalve the peppers lengthwise, and remove the seeds, stems, etc. Wash the halves and dry them very well. Evenly spoon and spread the cheese mixture into the pepper halves and set aside.nPut the cereal and spices in a blender or food processor. Grind to a breadcrumblike consistency. Transfer the crumbs to a plate and set aside.nPour egg substitute into a shallow bowl. Add remaining 1 tablespoon of hot sauce and mix well. One at a time, gently cover the pepper halves with egg mixture, shake to remove excess, and then coat entirely with crumb mixture. Repeat with the remaining pepper halves, evenly placing them on the baking sheet.nBake in the oven until the coating is crispy and the pepper halves have softened, 25 to 30 minutes. Enjoy, ingredients: [4 wedges light spreadable Swiss cheese recommended: The Laughing Cow Light, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper sauce, divided recommended: Franks RedHot, 3 tablespoons crumbled blue cheese, 6 fresh whole jalapeno peppers, 12 cup highfiber bran cereal recommended: Fiber One Original, 14 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, Dash cayenne pepper, 14 cup fatfree liquid egg substitute, Serving suggestion: carrot and celery sticks], title: Big Blue Buffalo Jala Poppers, picturelink: nuCmLVv2qMqZdjTH6J5vzkItpmEZRS}, 16724: {instructions: When ready to serve salad, combine all of the ingredients in a bowl. Spoon onto individual plates, garnish with the cilantro leaves and serve. This tastes great with a dollop of strained yogurt., ingredients: [4 cucumbers, peeled, seeded and diced, 3 tomatoes, cored, seeded and diced, 2 carrots, peeled and grated, 1 to 2 serrano chiles, finely chopped, seeds optional, 23 cup freshly grated coconut, 12 cup finely chopped lightly toasted peanuts, 12 to 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 to 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, Cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Cucumber Salad with Freshly Grated Coconut, picturelink: null}, 16725: {instructions: From ham steak, remove rind and trim off all but 14inch of outer fat. Cut ham into 4 serving pieces.nIn a large saute pan set over moderately high heat, melt 2 tablespoons of butter. Add ham steaks and saute for 3 minutes on each side, until steaks are lightly browned. Transfer ham steaks to plate.nBlot the pineapples as dry as possible. Add remaining 2 tablespoons of butter to saucepan. Add pineapple and saute until the edges begin to caramelize, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the pineapple and reserve. Add orange and pineapple juices to the pan and reduce by 12, for about 5 to 6 minutes. Whisk in Dijon and wholegrain mustards. Transfer ham steaks back into saute pan. Add caramelized pineapple chunks and toss. Heat through thoroughly. Season, to taste., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 3 8ounce cans pineapple chunks, reserving liquid, 14 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Ham Steak Pineapple, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 16726: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the mayonnaise, minced pickles, shallot and hot sauce in a small bowl season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nToss the shrimp with the Cajun seasoning and 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Melt the butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp and cook until pink, 1 12 to 2 minutes per side.nMeanwhile, arrange the rolls on a baking sheet and toast in the oven, about 5 minutes. Spread the mayonnaise mixture on the cut sides of each roll. Fill with the shrimp, lettuce and tomatoes. Serve with pickles.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [13 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons minced pickles, plus more for serving, 2 tablespoons minced shallot, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, preferably Louisianastyle, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled, deveined and patted dry, 2 teaspoons saltfree Cajun seasoning, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 hero rolls, split, Shredded iceberg lettuce and sliced tomatoes, for serving], title: Blackened Shrimp PoBoys, picturelink: A62Kw3ppC349ZB4N1G.QeOqKWVOWWpi}, 16727: {instructions: In a large stockpot, place chicken and enough water to cover. Add ginger and salt. Cover and cook over medium heat until chicken is tender, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Allow chicken to cool in the broth, then remove from pot. Bone the meat and shred it, discarding the skin. Strain and reserve stock.nSoak the bean thread noodles in warm water for 15 minutes. Drain.nIn a skillet, heat oil and saute onion, garlic and ginger until lightly browned. Add noodles and enough reserved chicken stock to cover. Add chicken and soy sauce and simmer until noodles are tender, about 5 minutes. Before serving, top with green onions., ingredients: [34 lb whole chicken, 12 inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced, 1 tbsp salt, 12 oz. bean thread noodles sai fun or mung bean noodles, 2 tbsp vegetable oil, 1 onion, sliced, 1 tsp minced ginger, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 tbsp soy sauce, 6 stalks green onion, chopped], title: Chicken Long Rice, picturelink: null}, 16728: {instructions: In a bowl toss squid with salt, chopped garlic and 3 tablespoons of the olive oil season with pepper. Marinate 1 hour, refrigerated.nIn food processor combine anchovies and their oil with lemon juice until pureed. With motor running, slowly stream in remaining 12 cup olive oil. Thin dressing with 2 tablespoons cold water. Dressing should be smooth and consistency of cream. If it is too thick, thin with a little more cold water.nHeat a charcoal grill until very hot, or alternatively, preheat broiler. On a finemesh grill, arrange squid in one layer and place over coals grill, turning once, and remove as soon as squid turn opaque. Cool to room temperature. Alternatively, place squid on baking sheet and broil, turning once, 2 minutes per side or until opaque and just cooked through. Let cool to room temperature.nIn a large salad bowl combine squid with minced garlic, pine nuts and anchovy dressing. Toss with sundried tomatoes, capers and basil. Serve on a bed of green lettuce with garlicky grilled bread., ingredients: [4 pounds squid, fullycleaned, bodies sliced in 2inch rounds, and tentacles halved, if large, 2 teaspoons salt, 10 garlic cloves, chopped plus 2 finelyminced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus 12 cup for dressing, Freshly ground pepper, 2 2ounce tins flat fillets of anchovies, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup roasted pine nuts, tossed with coarse salt, 1 cup marinated sundried tomatoes, cut in strips, 12 cup capers, 1 cup torn basil leaves, firmly packed, Boston lettuce, for lining platter], title: Grilled Squid Salad, picturelink: null}, 16729: {instructions: Mix the ricotta, rosemary, parmigiano and olive oil in a bowl with a rubber spatula until smooth.nLay 2 pieces of prosciutto cotto on a board in front of you lengthwise, overlapping by half and patching holes where needed. Spread about 2 tablespoons of the cheese mixture evenly over the prosciutto. Sprinkle the side closest to you with 2 tablespoons giardiniera and press gently into the cheese. Roll the prosciutto into a pinwheel starting with the edge closest to you, rolling away from you.nRepeat with the remaining prosciutto and filling. Wrap each roll tightly in plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator at least 4 hours to firm up. To serve, unwrap the rolls and slice into 34inch pieces with a sharp knife.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [23 cup fresh ricotta cheese, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 14 cup freshly grated parmigianoreggiano cheese, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 slices 12 pound thinly sliced prosciutto cotto Italian cooked ham, 34 cup chopped jarred giardiniera Italian pickled vegetables], title: Prosciutto Cotto Pinwheels, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 16730: {instructions: Place chopped chocolate into a medium glass mixing bowl. Set aside.nCombine heavy cream, milk, and cocoa powder in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk constantly until cocoa is dissolved and mixture comes to a simmer. Remove from the heat and pour over the chocolate. Let stand for 2 to 3 minutes and then whisk gently until all chocolate is melted. Whisk in the vanilla extract.nDivide the mixture evenly among the molds and place in the freezer. Freeze for at least 4 hours or until solid. Fudgepops can be held in the freezer for up to 1 week in an airtight container., ingredients: [8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped fine, 12 ounces 1 12 cups heavy cream, 8 ounces 1 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Special Equipment: Icepop molds], title: Good Eats Fudgepops, picturelink: null}, 16731: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a woknFor the sauce: Add the vegetable stock, cornstarch, hoisin sauce, ketchup, soy sauce, vinegar and chili sauce to a medium bowl and stir to combine.nFor the chicken: Place the chicken in a bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the potato flour or cornstarch and mix well to coat the chicken pieces.nHeat a wok over high heat until it starts to smoke and then add the peanut oil. Add the Sichuan peppercorns and dried chiles and fry for a few seconds, then add the chicken pieces and stirfry for 2 minutes. As the chicken begins to turn opaque, add the rice wine or dry sherry. Cook for an additional 2 minutes, then pour in the sauce.nBring the mixture to a boil, add the red pepper and cook until the meat is cooked through and the sauce has thickened and become slightly sticky in consistency, another 2 minutes. Add the scallions and cook for 1 minute. Toss in the cashews, then transfer to a serving plate and serve immediately., ingredients: [7 tablespoons cold vegetable stock, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Chinkiang black rice vinegar or balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon chili sauce, 2 skinless chicken breasts or 4 thighs, cut into 12inch slices, Salt and ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon potato flour or cornstarch, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 2 tablespoons Sichuan peppercorns, 4 dried red chiles, 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into chunks, 2 scallions, chopped into 1inch lengths, Handful of dryroasted cashews], title: Kung Po Chicken, picturelink: Us71AjWTECbEiYjqTvCmui1jea65t6K}, 16732: {instructions: For the pork: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Drizzle the oil over the pork and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Transfer the pork to a rack over a heavybottomed roasting pan. Roast the pork until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the loin reads 140 degrees F, about 1 hour. Let the pork rest for 10 minutes. Set aside 1 14 pounds for the soup, cut into 12inch chunks, and then reserve the rest for another recipe. For the soup: Roast the poblano over a flame until charred all over. Place the poblano in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap until it softens. Once cool enough to handle, remove the charred skin from the poblano as well as the stem and seeds. Cut into a 14inch dice. Add the oil to a large Dutch oven or saucepot over medium heat. Add the onions and sweat until translucent and fragrant, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic and poblano and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the coriander and cumin and cook until slightly darkened and fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the salsa verde and cook until it just comes to a boil, about 2 minutes. Add the stock and bring back to a boil. Meanwhile prep all of your garnishes. Once the soup comes to a boil, continue to cook for 5 minutes to allow the flavors to develop. Sprinkle with salt and black pepper. When you are ready to serve, add the roasted pork just to heat through. Serve over rice and with any or all garnishes., ingredients: [One 2 12pound boneless pork loin roast, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 1 poblano chile, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons ground coriander, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 cups salsa verde, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, Cooked white rice, for serving, 12 cup crema, 12 cup fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 avocado, cut into wedges, 1 lime, cut into wedges, 1 red onion, minced, Crushed tortilla chips], title: Pork and Poblano Soup, picturelink: TpHgiSnfmZfaODCynSAXaPiFvv1DfW}, 16733: {instructions: Combine raisins, brown sugar, water, lard, salt, cinnamon, and cloves in a 2quart saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat cook 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Cool to room temperature.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 10inch tube pan. Stir together flour and baking soda. Fold dry ingredients into cooled raisin mixture. Spoon into greased pan and bake 45 to 50 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.nCool 5 minutes in pan, then invert onto a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [1 pound raisins, 2 cups packed light brown sugar, 2 cups water, 4 tablespoons lard or vegetable shortening, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 3 cups unsifted allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda], title: War Cake, picturelink: null}, 16734: {instructions: 1.PEEL cucumbers. Slice in half lengthwise. Remove seeds in center of cucumbers by scraping them out with a teaspoon. Slice each cucumber half in half again lengthwise. Chop into 14 to 12 inch thick chunks. Place in a mixing bowl. 2.MIX in Sabrau00ae Roasted Garlic Greek Style Veggie Dip salt and parsley. 3.CUT avocados in half and remove pit. Scoop avocado away from skin using a spoon. Chop avocado into chunks and fold into salad. Serve or refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 medium cucumbers, 1 cup Sabrau00ae Roasted Garlic Greek Style Veggie Dip, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 2 avocados, ripe but still slightly firm], title: Cucumber Avocado Salad, picturelink: null}, 16735: {instructions: Special equipment: a 1inch round cookie cutternPosition an oven rack at the center of the oven, and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nWhisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Add the cream, lemon juice and lemon zest, and stir with a wooden spoon until the mixture just forms a dough. Gather the dough into a ball, and transfer it to a flourdusted work surface. Pat it into a 12inchthick circle. Cut out as many mini biscuits as you can with a 1inch round cookie cutter. Gently press the scraps together, and repeat. Arrange the biscuits 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Brush them with more cream, and sprinkle with a little sugar.nBake 1 sheet of biscuits on the center rack until they are just golden, about 10 minutes repeat with the second sheet. While they are still warm, use the rounded side of a 14 teaspoon measuring spoon to make an indentation on the top of each. Transfer to a rack to cool completely.nToss together the strawberries and jam in a small bowl, and fill each biscuit indentation with some of the mixture. Top with a small dollop of whipped cream and a mint leaf. The shortcakes can be made and refrigerated up to 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for the work surface, 2 tablespoons sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 23 cup heavy cream, plus more for brushing, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 3 large strawberries, hulled and diced very small, 2 teaspoons strawberry jam, Whipped cream and tiny mint leaves, for topping], title: Tiny Strawberry Shortcakes, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 16736: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nArrange the mushrooms and celery on a platter and scatter the parsley leaves around. Squeeze the lemon juice evenly over the platter then liberally drizzle the salad with extravirgin olive oil, about 3 tablespoons. Season the salad with salt and lots of black pepper and toss with your finger tips to combine. Using a vegetable peeler, shave cheese and scatter a couple of handfuls ParmigianoReggiano over the salad., ingredients: [4 portobello mushroom caps, wiped clean and very thinly sliced, 4 ribs celery and their green tops, thinly sliced on an angle, Handful flatleaf parsley, picked of stems but left whole, 1 lemon Heads up: youll need lemon zest for the pesto later, so zest and reserve before you cut this lemon to juice it for this salad., 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Coarse salt and black pepper, A couple of handfuls shaved ParmiginaoReggiano], title: Portobello Mushroom Salad, picturelink: FJTXDl7jqVCYPVVv5rqxqhHQ7MVSEvm}, 16737: {instructions: Mix 12 teaspoon each paprika and salt, 14 teaspoon each ground coriander and white pepper and 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper in a bowl. Make a bag of microwave popcorn. While it pops, cook 5 tablespoons sugar in a saucepan over medium heat until it melts and turns light brown. Remove from the heat stir in 1 tablespoon butter. Pour the caramel over the popcorn in a bowl, sprinkle with the spice mix and toss. Spread out on a baking sheet to cool.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: SweetandSpicy Kettle Corn, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 16738: {instructions: For the bangers: Put the cumin and fennel seeds in a small saute pan and toast over low heat, stirring occasionally, until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Transfer the seeds to a spice grinder and grind to a powder.nPut the pork chunks through a sausage grinder into a bowl. Add the ground cumin and fennel and the chiles, sprinkle with salt and pepper and mix together. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours to allow the flavors to meld.nDivide the pork mixture into sixteen 3inch patties, each about 3 ounces. Wrap each patty in caul fat.nHeat 2 tablespoons of canola oil in a large nonstick saute pan over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Sear half of the patties on both sides until golden brown and the sausage is cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a baking sheet and repeat with the remaining patties.nFor the kale pesto: Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large saute pan over low heat. Add the garlic and cook until lightly golden brown and soft transfer the garlic to a food processor.nIncrease the heat to high, add the kale and a splash of water to the pan and cook, stirring occasionally, until the kale is soft. Transfer the kale to the food processor and add the parsley, Parmesan, green onions, the remaining 14 cup oil and some salt and pepper and pulse until smooth. Transfer to a bowl.nFor the mash: Put the potatoes in a large saucepan, cover with cold water by 2 inches and add 2 tablespoons kosher salt. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, about 25 minutes.nFor the beermustard gravy: While the potatoes are cooking, melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until soft. Add the flour and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in the beer and cook until completely reduced. Add the chicken stock, turn up the heat and cook, whisking occasionally, until thickened and the flour taste has been cooked out, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, whisk in the honey and mustard and season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nPreheat the broiler.nTo finish the mash, drain the potatoes well, return them to the pan and return the pan to the burner to dry them out for a minute. Run the potatoes through a food mill set over a large bowl. Add the warm cream and butter and mix until smooth. Fold in the mascarpone and season with salt and pepper. Add some of the kale pesto and marble in until swirled.nTo finish the bangers: Top each of the patties with some of the grated Cheddar and place under the broiler until melted and bubbly.nServe the bangers with the mash and beermustard gravy., ingredients: [1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 3 pounds pork shoulder, cut into chunks, or ground 8020 pork, 14 cup jarred Calabrian chiles, drained, stemmed and finely diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Caul fat, cut into 4inch pieces 16 pieces total, for wrapping patties, Canola oil, for searing, 6 ounces Irish Cheddar, coarsely grated, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 bunch kale, trimmed, 1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 5 green onions, green and pale green parts, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 12 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into large cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, warmed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup mascarpone, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup dark stout beer, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons clover honey, 1 heaping tablespoon wholegrain mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Bangers and Mash with Mustard Gravy, picturelink: d2Mkx3ABQ4tkcvPbPOM4rnPIO34xxku}, 16739: {instructions: In a blender, combine the pine nuts, egg yolks, caper juice, capers, and half and half. Blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [34 cup pine nuts, toasted and cooled, 3 hardcooked egg yolks, 2 tablespoons caper juice, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 cup half and half, Sea salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Salsa de Pinon Pine Nut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16740: {instructions: Pass salmon and trout through the finest blade of the meat grinder. Put in the food processor and while its running add the heavy cream slowlynSoak the gelatin leaves in cold water strain, and heat lightly to liquify. Then slowly add to the mousse. Season with the rest of the ingredients. Then pipe the mousse into the preprepared molds lined with smoked salmon slices. Fold over edges of sliced smoked salmon to make a envelope. Serve with garnish., ingredients: [10 ounces smoked salmon slices, 6 ounces smoked salmon, 6 ounces smoked trout, 10 ounces heavy cream, 1 gelatin leaf, 1 tablespoon tomato puree, Worcestershire as needed, Tobasco sauce as needed, Lemon juice to taste, Salt and pepper as needed, 6 ounces Swedish Mustard Dressing, 10 ounce marinated cucumber relish, 20 wedges of hard boiled egg, 20 slices of plum tomato, 10 wedges of lemon, 1 head of bibb lettuce leaves, 10 sprigs of dill, 2 ounces capers], title: Smoked Salmon Claudine, picturelink: null}, 16741: {instructions: In a very hot pan with olive oil, sear the scallops season with salt and pepper. Saute spinach with garlic and white wine to scald the spinach.nIn the center of the plate, place 2 flapjacks. Place orange honey butter on top of flapjacks. Then top with spinach. Place scallops on the plate, in between the flapjacks. Place pancetta and chive inbetween the scallops. Garnish with sweet potato curls.nCombine all ingredients. On a griddle using pan spray, drop 1 ounce of batter. Cook until golden brown.nReduce wine, orange juice, garlic, shallots, and thyme to sec dry. Add heavy cream reduce by half. Whisk in butter. Slowly finish with honey.nUsing a vegetable peeler, cut curls from sweet potato. Deep fry until crisp., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 U10 scallops, Salt and pepper, 10 leaves spinach, 2 tablespoon garlic, 4 tablespoons white wine, Corn flapjacks, recipe follows, Orange honey butter, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons cooked and crumbled pancetta, 2 teaspoons chopped chives, Sweet potato curls, recipe follows, 4 ounces pureed corn, 14 cup corn kernels, 12 cup flour, 13 cup milk, 1 teaspoons sugar, 34 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoons baking powder, 13 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 tablespoons chopped shallot, 1 thyme sprig, 2 ounces heavy cream, 12 pound butter, 2 ounces honey, 1 sweet potato, Hot oil, for frying], title: Seared Sea Scallops, picturelink: null}, 16742: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a deepfry thermometernFor the glaze: In a pot on mediumhigh heat, add the root beer, ketchup, sugar, lime juice, garlic and ginger. Whisk together until the mixture begins to boil and the ketchup and sugar are dissolved into the root beer. Lower to a simmer and when it begins to reduce in volume and thicken, turn off the heat and add the pepper. Allow to steep in the residual heat for 10 minutes, then discard the pepper and stir the glaze.nFor the wings: In a large paper bag, add the flour, cornstarch, a nice pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Crimp it shut and gently toss it to mix the contents. In batches, add a few wings and toss them from side to side to fully coat. Remove to a wire rack and allow to rest until the flour soaks into the skin, about 15 minutes. Repeat the process for 2 dry coats. After the second resting period, the wings are ready to fry.nIn a deep fryer or deep heavy pot, add enough oil to fill to about 4 inches. Heat the oil until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Add the wings in batches to keep the temperature and fry each batch 12 minutes. Remove the wings to a paper towellined plate and sprinkle immediately with a pinch of salt.nIn batches, add a bit of the glaze to a large bowl and a few wings, then toss them to coat. Remove the wings to a platter, top with a spritz of lime and a sprinkle of sesame seeds and serve., ingredients: [2 cups root beer, 23 cup ketchup, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp not minced, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, cut into 14inch discs, 1 ghost pepper or habanero pepper, pierced with the tip of a knife, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornstarch, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 chicken wings, tips intact and not trimmed, Peanut or vegetable oil, to fry, 2 lime wedges, for garnish, 2 to 3 tablespoons black sesame seeds, for garnish], title: Sunnys Root Beer BBQ Wings, picturelink: BdqyEFUldiQiOTLy6QXBc4LBzrjCrYS}, 16743: {instructions: Potatoes: Put an oven rack in the upper third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a heavy baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray. Put the potatoes and the olive oil in a medium bowl and toss until coated. Arrange the potatoes, cut side down, in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Roast until golden, about 35 to 40 minutes Remove the potatoes from the oven and set aside to cool for 15 minutes.nSalad: Peel and trim the ends from each orange. Using a paring knife, cut along the membrane on both sides of each segment. Free the segments and add them to a salad bowl. Squeeze the juice from the membranes into a small bowl and reserve 1 tablespoon of juice for the dressing. Add the arugula, Gorgonzola, walnuts and the cooled potatoes to the salad bowl.nDressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, reserved orange juice, vinegar, and orange zest until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nAdd the dressing to the potato mixture and toss well. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 1 12 pounds baby potatoes, halved, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium oranges, 2 packed cups 2 ounces arugula, 12 cup 2 ounces crumbled Gorgonzola, 13 cup toasted chopped walnuts, see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice, 1 tablespoon champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon orange zest from 1 medium orange, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Potato, Orange and Arugula Salad, picturelink: null}, 16744: {instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill or castiron grill pan to mediumhigh.nWorking on baking sheet, wrap each round of cheese in a radicchio leaf like an egg roll, and pinch them a little to help it keep their shape. Arrange them on 1 side of the baking sheet.nPlace the mushroom caps on the other side of the baking sheet drizzle with the olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Grill the mushrooms until tender and juicy, turning once, about 6 minutes. Next, lightly drizzle the wrapped goat cheese with oil and grill until slightly charred and warm, turning occasionally, about 1 minute. Immediately remove and slice in half on the diagonal.nSlice the grilled mushroom caps into strips and add them to a bowl with the lemon juice and sherry wine vinegar. Toss to combine.nIn a bowl, toss the lettuce mix with the mushrooms and arrange in 4 bowls. Arrange 2 goat cheese halves in the center of each. Sprinkle each salad with red pepper and walnuts, and serve garnished with lemon wedges., ingredients: [8 ounces Montrachet goat cheese, cut into 4 equalsized rounds, 4 large outerleaves radicchio, 3 mediumsized Portobello mushroom caps, stems and gills removed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for the cheese, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons sherry or red wine vinegar, 7 ounces mesclun lettuce mix about 3 cups, 14 cup roasted red pepper strips, 14 cup shelled walnut halves, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Grilled Portobello and Montrachet Salad, picturelink: null}, 16745: {instructions: Melt butter and oil in a small saute pan over low heat. Place garlic and rosemary in pan and saute until garlic turns golden. Remove garlic and rosemary. Saute polenta until browned on both sides., ingredients: [1 recipe dense polenta made with 3 12 cups water to 1 cup cornmeal, chilled in a cake pan and cut into triangles, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 garlic clove, sliced thinly, 1 sprig rosemary], title: Sauteed Polenta Triangles, picturelink: null}, 16746: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nSlice the shrimp in half, lengthwise. Heat the oil in a small nonstick skillet over medium heat and add the shrimp. Cook until the shrimp turn pink, about 3 minutes, and season them with salt and pepper.nRoll out the dough on a lightly floured surface into a 10inch round. Place the crust onto a parchment line baking sheet. Spread the sauce onto the pizza, leaving the edges clean for a crust to form. Put half of the cheese on top and spread the shrimp evenly over the pizza. Then add the mango slices, red onion, red bell pepper, and yellow bell pepper evenly on the top. Sprinkle the pizza with the red pepper flakes and top with the remaining cheese. Bake the pizza for 15 minutes or until the cheese is melted and slightly brown. Serve immediately with more red pepper flakes sprinkled on top., ingredients: [6 medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 teaspoon extra virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 7 ounces prepared pizza dough, Semolina flour, for dusting, 12 cup pizza sauce, 1 cup grated mozzarella, 12 ripe mango, thinly sliced, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 12 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 12 yellow bell pepper, thinly sliced, 2 pinches red pepper flakes, plus more for garnish], title: Caribbean Shrimp and Mango Pizza, picturelink: null}, 16747: {instructions: Mix all marinade ingredients. Marinate flank steak for four to six hours, refrigerated.nPlace buffalo flank on hot grill and cook to medium rare.nIn a medium saute pan over medium heat add oil and saute the peppers and onions. Keep warm and set aside. Place flour tortillas on the grill and heat until warm. Fold the tortillas and lay them on the plate. Place the meat just off the side and top with the Sauteed peppers. Place one tablespoon of the goat cheese guacamole on top of the flank steak.nPuree all ingredients in food processor., ingredients: [1 pound buffalo flank steak, 3 bottles dark beer, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 small yellow onion, julienne, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons chile powder, 2 tablespoons chopped herbs: cilantro, oregano, sage, and parsley, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 red pepper, julienne, 1 yellow pepper, julienne, 1 small red onion, julienne, 1 poblano pepper, julienne, 6 to 10 flour tortillas, 4 tablespoons goat cheese guacamole, recipe follows, 2 ounces goat cheese, 2 avocados, 1 roasted poblano chile, 1 tablespoon cilantro, 1 tablespoon roasted garlic, 1 lime, juiced, Salt and pepper], title: Buffalo Flank Steak, picturelink: null}, 16748: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8inch cast iron skillet.nAdd the 2 tablespoons of butter to a mediumsized saucepan over medium heat. Once the butter foams, add the shallots and garlic and saute until tender, about 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, then add the chicken broth, and whipping cream and bring to a simmer.nOnce simmering, slowly and gradually whisk in the grits. Keep stirring until the grits become thick, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the chopped sundried tomatoes and stir until thoroughly mixed. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nAdd the grits to the prepared skillet and top with the crumbled goat cheese. Bake for about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the skillet from the oven and let cool for 5 to 10 minutes before serving. Slice into triangles and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, plus more for coating skillet, 1 small shallot, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 34 cup quick cooking grits, 1 8ounce jar oilpacked sundried tomatoes, drained well and roughly chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 4ounce log goat cheese, crumbled], title: Baked Tomato Grits, picturelink: null}, 16749: {instructions: Special equipment: Measuring Cups  Spoons Knife for slicing vegetables Cutting Board  Carving Board Nonstick Roasting Pan Meat Thermometer Mixing Spoon Baster Serving Platter Large Stock Pot Kitchen Twine Medium Saucepan Electric KnifenFor the brine and turkey: In a large stock pot, bring water, 1 12 cups kosher salt, sugar, coriander, ginger and bay leaves to a boil over high heat. Lower heat and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally to make sure the salt and sugar dissolve. While the brine is simmering, place the ice in a bucket or pot big enough to hold the turkey. Pour the brine over the ice. When the brine has cooled, add the turkey. Place a heavy object like a plate or lid on top of the turkey to keep it submerged in the brine. Refrigerate for 8 to 12 hours.nPosition an oven rack on the lowest level of the oven and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Remove the turkey from the brine and pat it dry discard the brine. Tuck the wings underneath the turkey. Sprinkle the turkey inside and out with salt. Put the celery, lemon, onion and parsley into the cavity of the turkey and tie the legs together with kitchen twine. Place breastside down in a roasting pan fitted with a rack. Roast for 30 minutes.nFor the glaze: While the turkey roasts, combine the pomegranate molasses, 3 tablespoons water and Aleppo pepper in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer. Adjust heat and simmer, uncovered, until thick and syrupy, 5 to 10 minutes. Stir in the butter and soy sauce and remove from heat.nAfter 30 minutes of roasting, turn the turkey breastside up and lower the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. Roast 3 hours longer, or until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh but not touching bone registers 160 degrees F. When the thermometer registers 155 degrees F, or during the last 30 minutes of cooking, begin basting with glaze every 5 to 10 minutes. Remove the turkey from the oven and allow to rest for 15 minutes before carving., ingredients: [6 quarts water, 1 12 cups kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 34 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup coriander seeds, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, sliced, 2 bay leaves, 1 gallon ice cubes, One 16 to 18pound turkey, giblets removed, 2 celery stalks, cut into 4 pieces, 1 lemon, quartered, 1 onion, quartered, 4 sprigs parsley, 12 cup pomegranate molasses, 1 tablespoon Aleppo pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons soy sauce], title: Turkey with Pomegranate Glaze, picturelink: null}, 16750: {instructions: Make the bark: Preheat the oven to 350. Combine the flour, oatmeal, walnuts, sugar and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Melt the butter in a pot over medium heat and cook until light brown, 6 minutes. Stir into the dry ingredients. Press the dough into the bottom of a 9inch springform pan. Bake until golden brown, 30 minutes.nRemove the crust from the oven and sprinkle with the chocolate let stand until soft, then spread with the back of a spoon. Refrigerate the bark until firm, 30 minutes. Break into pieces.nMake the oatmeal cream: Fill a large bowl with ice. Microwave 34 cup cream until simmering, 45 seconds. Puree with the oatmeal, sugar, a pinch of salt, vanilla and nutmeg in a blender. Transfer to a bowl and place over the ice whisk until cool and thick. In another bowl, whisk the remaining 34 cup cream until soft peaks form fold in the oatmeal puree.nLayer the oatmeal cream, bananas and crushed bark in 4 parfait glassesnPhotograph by Kate Mathis, ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 1ounce packets plain instant oatmeal about cup, 13 cup ground walnuts, 13 cup sugar, Salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 1ounce packet plain instant oatmeal about cup, 13 cup sugar, Salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 bananas, thinly sliced], title: OatmealBanana Parfaits, picturelink: NUZlwiJgpia2I9xRew2LzWFoZXIexK}, 16751: {instructions: Strawberry gelatin: Toss 1 pint hulled and quartered strawberries with 2 tablespoons sugar. Let stand 1 hour, then puree in a blender. Sprinkle one 14ounce packet gelatin over 14 cup water in a bowl let stand 1 minute. Heat the strawberry puree in a saucepan over medium heat until hot whisk into the gelatin mixture until smooth. Cool to room temperature.nLime gelatin: Combine 2 tablespoons each lime juice and water in a bowl and sprinkle one 14ounce packet gelatin on top let stand 1 minute. Combine 34 cup boiling water and 12 cup sweetened condensed milk in a bowl, then whisk in the gelatin mixture until smooth. Cool to room temperature.nMelon gelatin: Puree 4 cups honeydew melon chunks and 2 tablespoons each water and sugar in a blender. Strain through a finemesh sieve without pressing the solids. Sprinkle two 14ounce packets gelatin over 12 cup of the juice in a bowl let stand 1 minute. Heat the remaining 12 cup juice in a saucepan over medium heat. Whisk into the gelatin mixture until smooth. Cool to room temperature.nHow to assemble: Spray a 9by5inch loaf pan with cooking spray, wiping out the excess. Pour in 12 cup strawberry gelatin refrigerate 20 minutes. Repeat with 12 cup lime gelatin, 12 cup melon gelatin, 12 cup lime gelatin and 12 cup strawberry gelatin, chilling between layers. Refrigerate the finished mold until fully set, at least 3 hours or overnight.nHow to unmold: Bring 2 inches of water to a simmer in a wide saucepan. Run a butter knife or offset spatula around the top edge of the gelatin. Dip the bottom of the pan in the hot water for about 10 seconds, then invert the pan onto a platter. Redip if it doesnt release after a minute. Cut into squares.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: Striped Gelatin Stacks, picturelink: QYoejWbesoJK2xlkspJfBpwWdEpPxF.}, 16752: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nMix sugar and rind and set aside.nIn a large bowl, mix the flour, 14 cup of the sugarrind mixture, baking soda, salt, and baking powder. Cut in the margarine or butter.nIn a small bowl beat eggs and reserve 1 tablespoon for the glaze. Add buttermilk to eggs and add to dry ingredients. Mix. Add wild blueberries and mix a little bit.nTurn onto a floured board and knead for a few strokes. Divide in half. Roll each half into a 6 or 7inch circle. Divide each circle into 6 pie shaped pieces. Transfer each piece to a greased cookie sheet. Brush each piece with egg glaze and sprinkle with orangesugar mixture. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Best served warm., ingredients: [13 cup sugar, 12 orange, zested, 2 cups flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 14 cup margarine or butter, 2 eggs, 12 cup buttermilk, 34 cup wild blueberries], title: Ruth Thurstons Wild Blueberry Scones, picturelink: null}, 16753: {instructions: Pound the steak on both sides with a meat tenderizer or pierce with a fork. Transfer to a large resealable plastic bag add 2 tablespoons olive oil, the lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Seal the bag and shake to coat marinate in the refrigerator, 2 to 8 hours.nMeanwhile, make the pesto: Toast the pine nuts in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat, tossing occasionally, until slightly golden, about 3 minutes let cool. Pulse the parsley, garlic and red pepper flakes in a food processor until almost smooth. Add the toasted pine nuts, cheese and 5 tablespoons olive oil and pulse until combined. Transfer to a bowl and stir in 3 tablespoons water and the olives season with salt.nRemove the steak from the marinade and pat dry. Bring to room temperature, about 30 minutes.nHeat a large castiron or other heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, then add the steak and cook until a dark crust forms, about 7 minutes. Turn and cook until a thermometer inserted into the center of the steak from the side registers 130 degrees F for medium rare, about 8 more minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes.nBrush the steak with some of the pesto. Thinly slice against the grain and serve with the remaining pesto.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 2 14pound boneless sirloin steak 1 14 inches thick, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup pine nuts, 1 bunch parsley leaves only, 1 clove garlic, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup finely grated parmesan or grana padano cheese, 14 cup chopped pitted green olives such as Sicilian or Cerignola], title: Steak With Spicy Olive Pesto, picturelink: S8vaDZqAHWa9i58EIztBSsBVhrh3y9i}, 16754: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, toss the cauliflower florets with the olive oil and some salt and pepper. Place the cauliflower in a large roasting pan a baking sheet works, too. Place the pan in the oven and roast until the florets are lightly charred and cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. Check on the cauliflower occasionally to ensure an even roast. Remove from the oven, place on a serving plate and toss with the lemon juice and chiles. Garnish with lemon zest and parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 medium head cauliflower, cut into 1 12inch florets, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons diced Calabrian chiles found in Italian specialty markets, Fresh flatleaf parsley, roughly chopped, for garnish, Lemon zest, for garnish], title: Pizzeria Lolas Roasted Cauliflower with Calabrian Chile, picturelink: null}, 16755: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a saucepan heat the honey until it bubbles, allow to boil for about 10 seconds which will intensify the flavor. Add the cream, milk, and vanilla bean to the pan and bring just to a boil, then turn off the heat and let infuse 10 minutes. Then whisk the yolks with the sugar and salt well and temper them by slowly whisking in the hot honey cream. Pour this into individual ovenproof 4ounce dessert cups and fill them to the top. Place the dishes in a water bath and bake until set, about 45 minutes to 1 hour or until set. Chill, then serve topped with a dollop of whipped cream and a chunk of honey comb on top of that.nNotes about the recipe: We make all kinds of pots de creme at Tru chocolate, caramel, even rosemary. Cooked honey has a different flavor than uncooked honey. The eggs make this custard so silky smooth. Use organic if you can. I get mine from swan Creek Farm in Indiana. George the farmer drives in once a week to deliver organic eggs, honey, maple syrup and hens., ingredients: [34 cup honey, 1 12 cups cream, 1 cup milk, 1 vanilla bean not split, 5 yolks, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup whipped cream, Honey comb], title: Honey Pots de Creme, picturelink: null}, 16756: {instructions: Whisk 13 cup orange juice, the juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon orange zest and a pinch each of cinnamon and salt in a bowl. Toss with 3 sliced romaine lettuce hearts, 1 bunch sliced radishes and 4 segmented oranges drizzle with olive oil.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [], title: RomaineOrange Salad, picturelink: null}, 16757: {instructions: Make the zabaglione:nIn a large stainlesssteel bowl or the top pan of a double boiler, whisk the egg yolks with the honey until blended. Set the bowl overnot touchingsimmering water and whisk vigorously until the mixture lightens in color and thickens and the whisk leaves a trail, about 3 minutes. Add the wine and continue whisking constantly until the mixture is pale, thick, and greatly expanded in volume, about 10 minutes. The mixture will curdle if it gets too hot, so whisk it off the heat for a few seconds if you fear the eggs are cooking too fast.nWhen the zabaglione is light, fluffy, and capable of holding a soft peak, transfer the bowl to a larger bowl filled with ice water to cool the zabaglione quickly. When cool, fold in the yogurt. Use immediately or cover and refrigerate for up to 2 days.nServe fresh strawberries on plates and put a dollop of zabaglione alongside., ingredients: [2 egg yolks, 12 cup honey, 1 cup dry Muscat white wine, 34 cup lowfat yogurt, 2 pints fresh strawberries, hulled and sliced], title: Strawberries served with Honey Zabaglione, picturelink: null}, 16758: {instructions: Combine the 2 chocolates, orange liqueur, 14 cup water, and the vanilla in a heatproof bowl. Set it over a pan of simmering water just until the chocolate melts. Cool completely to room temperature. Whisk in the orange zest and butter until combined.nPlace the egg yolks and 12 cup of the sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat on high speed for 4 minutes, or until very thick and pale yellow. With the mixer on low speed, add the chocolate mixture. Transfer to a large bowl.nPlace 1 cup of egg whites save or discard the rest, the salt, and 1 tablespoon of the sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Beat on high speed until firm but not dry. Whisk 14 of the egg whites into the chocolate mixture then fold the rest in carefully with a rubber spatula.nWithout cleaning the bowl or whisk, whip the heavy cream and the remaining tablespoon of sugar until firm. Fold the whipped cream into the chocolate mixture. Pour the mousse into individual dishes or an 8cup serving bowl. Chill and decorate with whipped cream and oranges. Serve with extra whipped cream on the side.nWhip the cream in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. When it starts to thicken, add the sugar and vanilla and continue to whip until the cream forms stiff peaks. Dont overbeat, or youll end up with butter, ingredients: [6 ounces good semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 ounces good bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 14 cup orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 14 cup water, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 8 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, separated, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, Pinch kosher salt, 12 cup cold heavy cream, Whipped Cream, recipe follows, for decoration, Mandarin oranges, drained, for decoration, 2 cups 1 pint cold heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, Dash pure vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Orange Mousse, picturelink: null}, 16759: {instructions: First thing to do is dismantle the crabs before you wokfry them. Toss the live crabs into salted boiling water for 2 minutes. Next, place the crabs topside up, and stick your thumb under the edge of the top shell, pull forward and lift the shell up and off, and reserve. Scrape out the gills that are found on top of the body. Now, turn the crabs over and on the underbelly you will find the apron, a slightlylifted triangular flap, pull this off too. Finally, rinse the crabs of all the grey or green spongy stuff the soft yellow matter is fat or crab butter and considered desirable by many, keep it if you wish. Divide the crabs into quarters with a big knife, leaving the legs attached to the 4 sections.nHeat the peanut oil in a wok over high heat until almost smoking. Add the garlic, ginger, chiles, and bok choy. Stirfry for 1 minute, then remove to a side platter. Toss in the crab pieces, including the top shells. Take the top shells out after 1 minute, continue to stirfry the crab for 3 minutes. With a big spoon or spatula, remove the crab pieces to the side platter. Now on to the sauce, pour 1 cup of water into the wok, along with the brown sugar, soy sauce, lemon juice, and sake. Stir for 2 minutes to dissolve the sugar. Stir in the cornstarch slurry and cook another minute until the sauce thickens. Return the crabs and bok choy to the pan, toss everything together to coat. Cover, and cook for 3 minutes.nTo serve, line a large platter with butter lettuce leaves, and arrange the crabs with the top shell back on top so it looks roughly like a whole crab again  cool right Put the bok choy around the crab and pour the sauce all over the top. Garnish with the green onions and peanuts. Youll need crab crackers, mini forks, a side bowl for the shells, a stack of napkins, and bowls of warm lemon water to clean your hands. Serve with steamed white rice., ingredients: [2 live Dungeness crabs, 1 12 pounds each, 14 cup peanut oil, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 1inch piece fresh ginger, grated, 2 fresh red chiles, sliced, 4 heads baby bok choy, halved, 1 cup water, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 12 lemon, juiced, 14 cup sake, 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with 2 tablespoons water, Butter lettuce, 2 chopped green onions, white and green part, 14 cup chopped unsalted peanuts, White rice, for serving], title: Stirfried Dungeness Crab with Sweet Chili Sauce and Bok Choy, picturelink: null}, 16760: {instructions: In a mediumsized bowl, toss the tomatoes, sardines, artichoke hearts, and the hearts of palm together. Add Italian dressing to taste and top with croutons., ingredients: [1 16ounce can tomatoes, drained and deseeded, 1 can sardines, left whole, 1 can artichoke hearts, 1 can hearts of palm, Italian dressing to taste, Box croutons], title: Summer Mediterranean Sardine Salad, picturelink: null}, 16761: {instructions: Put the potatoes, 8 cups water and the salt in a large pot. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the potatoes are forktender, about 30 minutes.nDrain the potatoes in a colander and shake to remove excess water. Let the skins dry in the colander so that some of the salt crystallizes.nMeanwhile, put the butter in a microwavesafe bowl and microwave until melted. Serve the potatoes hot with the butter for dipping.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [4 pounds small potatoes, such as baby Yukon gold, 2 14 cups kosher salt, 1 stick unsalted butter], title: Salt Potatoes, picturelink: .IdJdnFIY3RkeoGfKYIdDkvAPHkiDVa}, 16762: {instructions: Pat the beef dry with paper towels and sprinkle well on all sides with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large deep skillet or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat or if your slow cooker has a browning feature, preheat it. Sear the meat on all sides until browned, then transfer to a plate.nAdd the garlic and onions to the pan or slow cooker and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the red wine and cook, scraping any browned bits off the bottom of the pan. If searing in a skillet, transfer the contents of the pan to a slow cooker set on low heat.nNestle the beef into the onions and add the broth, wine, Worcestershire, carrots, parsley, thyme, bay leaves and celery, and stir well to combine. Cover and cook until the meat is forktender, about 8 hours.nRemove the roast from the slow cooker and cover to keep warm. Strain the cooking liquid into a large saucepan, and simmer over mediumlow heat until thickened, about 10 minutes. You can also puree some of the carrots and onions in a food processor and add it to the cooking liquid to thicken it.nSlice the pot roast, ladle the gravy over it, and serve., ingredients: [One 4 to 5pound beef chuck roast, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 yellow onions, thickly sliced lengthwise, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups reducedsodium beef broth, 12 cup dry red wine, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 3 carrots, peeled and chopped, 3 sprigs fresh parsley, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 dried bay leaves, 2 stalks celery, sliced], title: Slow Cooker Pot Roast, picturelink: sIWgEhXjXmyFssaLHVxDn.x49G.5eO}, 16763: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in a 10inch skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the brown sugar and stir until the sugar begins to melt. Add the pecans and cook for 2 more minutes. Transfer the pecan mixture to a small dish and set aside. Reserve the skillet for the pancake.nIn a small bowl mix together the flour, pumpkin pie spice, sugar and salt. Set aside.nMelt the remaining 3 tablespoons of butter. In a large bowl, add egg yolks, buttermilk, vanilla and melted butter and whisk until blended. Gradually whisk in flour mixture. Stir in the pumpkin puree.nBeat the egg whites until soft peaks form and gently fold into the pumpkin mixture. Gently spoon the batter into the reserved skillet. Sprinkle the top of the pancake mixture with the reserved pecan mixture. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes or until golden brown.nDust the pancake with confectioners sugar. Cut into wedges and serve with maple syrup., ingredients: [5 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 14 cup pecan halves, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 13 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 eggs, separated, 23 cup buttermilk, 1 14 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup pumpkin puree, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Maple syrup, for serving], title: Souffled Pumpkin Pancake, picturelink: 3y7Mbl9Rb1n77jr2Uszu1FKjSwN3t72}, 16764: {instructions: Preheat a waffle iron. Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl until combined. Whisk the sour cream, egg yolks, milk and vanilla in a medium bowl until smooth, then whisk in the melted butter and shortening.nBeat the egg whites in a separate large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until soft peaks form, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle in the brown sugar and continue beating until stiff glossy peaks form, about 4 more minutes.nMake a well in the center of the flour mixture, then gradually whisk in the sour cream mixture until just combined. Fold in the beaten egg whites until incorporated.nBrush the waffle iron with melted butter. Add 14 to 12 cup batter and cook according to the manufacturers instructions. Repeat with the remaining batter, brushing the waffle iron with more butter between batches. Serve with syrup.nPhotograph by Travis Rathbone, ingredients: [2 cups cake flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 cup sour cream, 2 large eggs, separated, 34 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the waffle iron, 14 cup vegetable shortening, melted, 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, Maple syrup, for topping], title: Sour Cream Waffles, picturelink: CWY6X66PueL9qAMWVpKK4LX.k1MLxOi}, 16765: {instructions: Put the garlic and coconut in a blender and blend to make a paste, adding a little water if necessary. Transfer the paste to a small bowl and stir in the cumin, turmeric, and pepper.nHeat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring frequently, until theyre softened but not browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garliccoconut paste and cook, stirring often, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the fish stock and chile and simmer the sauce for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nSeason the bass fillets with sea salt and let stand for 5 minutes. Bring the fish stock sauce up to a boil and add the coconut milk. Bring up to a boil once again. Add the bass to the sauce and bake in the middle of the oven until the fish is just cooked through, about 15 minutes.nTo serve, plate the fish on some sauce and spoon the cauliflower puree around it.nCauliflower PureenHeat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the cumin seeds and cook until theyre fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the shallots, ginger, and garlic and cook until softened but not browned. Add the tomatoes and saute until soft. Add the cauliflower, turmeric, and chile, and saute until just slightly golden. Add just enough vegetable stock to cover by 14inch. Bring to a simmer and cook until the cauliflower is tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a food processor or blender and puree.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 cloves garlic, peeled, 12 cup unsweetened coconut flakes, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 white onions, sliced thinly, 12 cups fish stock, 1 fresh green chile, mildtomoderately hot, including seeds, 6 6ounce wild striped bass fillets, skin on and 1 12 to 2 inches thick, Sea salt, 2 12ounce cans coconut milk recommended: Chaokoh brand, Cauliflower Puree, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon chopped shallot, 1 teaspoon chopped ginger, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 12 head cauliflower, cut into florets, 18 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 dried red chile, including seeds, 14 cup vegetable stock, more if needed], title: Poached Wild Striped Bass, Cauliflower Puree Caldin, Curry, picturelink: null}, 16766: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCombine the coconut, condensed milk, rum extract and vanilla extract in a large bowl. Whip the egg whites and salt until they make firm peaks. Fold the egg whites into the coconut mixture. Place tablespoonsize rounds of batter onto the prepared baking sheet lined, and sprinkle liberally with the chai spices. Bake until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool and serve., ingredients: [14 ounces sweetened shredded coconut, 14 ounces sweetened condensed milk, 12 teaspoon rum extract, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 extralarge egg whites, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chai spices], title: Coconut Chai Macaroons, picturelink: tyydZS6aFtloa0Og7bnVGBbeHalshC.}, 16767: {instructions: Special equipment: Eight 12inch skewersnThread 6 bread cubes onto each skewer, leaving at least 14 inch of space between cubes. Leave the skewers out overnight, uncovered, to dry out.nThe next day, prepare an outdoor grill for medium heat. Grill the bacon, flipping as needed to ensure even cooking, until most of the fat has rendered and the bacon is charred in spots on both sides, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a papertowellined plate to absorb any excess fat. Note: If you have a charcoal grill, cook the bacon in a grill pan. It should not be grilled over charcoal because of the risk of flareups.nWhisk together the buttermilk, eggs, butter, sugar, cinnamon and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl until combined pour into a rimmed baking sheet. Put the skewers of bread in the buttermilk mixture to soak, turning as needed, until the bread has absorbed some of the liquid but is not falling apart, no more than 5 minutes.nSpray a large piece of aluminum foil all over with cooking spray and place it on half the grill. Transfer the skewers to the foil in 1 layer, at least 12 inch of space between them. Grill, covered, turning the skewers a few times as needed, until the cubes of bread are golden in most places and no longer wet, 5 to 8 minutes.nRemove the skewers and foil from the grill, and return the bacon to the grill just until warmed through, 1 to 2 minutes.nServe the grilled French toast kebabs and bacon with warm maple syrup., ingredients: [Half a 12inch brioche loaf, end discarded, bread cut into 1inch cubes about 48, 8 slices thickcut bacon, 1 12 cups wellshaken buttermilk, 4 large eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, Kosher salt, Cooking spray, Pure maple syrup, warm, Special equipment: eight 12inch skewers], title: Grilled French Toast Kebabs, picturelink: 5ZxmZlZJSZPEJOA6qexPqz0LwLCCHG}, 16768: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the potatoes and onion with a wooden spoon in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Add just enough flour, in small amounts, to bind the ingredients together. Heat a generous amount of vegetable oil in a medium skillet. Working in batches, drop large spoonfuls of the potato mixture in the pan and fry, turning once, until golden brown., ingredients: [6 to 8 potatoes, finely grated, 1 onion, finely grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, if needed, Vegetable oil, to fry], title: Bubbies Potato Latkes, picturelink: hyw7iI7D5qiOj6ANfuqs2OfNgDx0ee}, 16769: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a rolling boil. Add the macaroni and cook until tender, about 10 minutes, or according to the package instructions. Drain well in a colander and rinse well under cold running water until cool. Shake well to remove excess water. Transfer to a large bowl.nOnce the macaroni is cooled, add the cheese, mayonnaise, celery seed, mustard, carrots, celery and onions. Stir well to combine and season with salt and pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator until cold, at least 2 hours. Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt, pepper and mayonnaise just before serving., ingredients: [Coarse kosher salt, One 16ounce box elbow macaroni, 1 cup shredded mild Cheddar cheese 4 ounces, 12 cup mayonnaise, or to taste, 2 teaspoons celery seed, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, or to taste, 3 carrots, shredded, 3 celery stalks, very finely chopped, 12 sweet onion, very finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Macaroni Salad, picturelink: fcPeNFeaFyqQnJvxZZXcsGuMX9PF4O}, 16770: {instructions: Combine the milk, chilies, and cinnamon sticks in a heavy large saucepan. Bring to a simmer over high heat. Remove from the heat. Cover and steep for 15 minutes. Whisk in the espresso, sugar, and 1 cup of cocoa powder. Bring the hot chocolate to a simmer, whisking often. Discard the chilies and cinnamon sticks.nMeanwhile, whisk the powdered sugar and remaining 14 cup cocoa powder in a large bowl to blend. Add the cream and whisk until the mixture is thick.nLadle the hot chocolate into 8 mugs. Spoon the chocolate whipped cream atop and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 12 cups whole milk, 4 small dried red chilies such as chilies de arbol, 3 cinnamon sticks, broken in half, 3 cups espresso, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 14 cups unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 cup powdered sugar, 1 cup whipping cream], title: Spicy Mocha, picturelink: null}, 16771: {instructions: Let 2 pounds of pizza dough come to room temperature this might take up to 2 hours. Roll and stretch into a 5foot rope, then form into a U shape on a parchmentlined baking sheet, letting the ends hang over the side. Lift the ends and twist them twice, then press the ends down to make a pretzel shape. Brush with beaten egg, sprinkle with coarse salt and bake at 450 degrees F until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Let cool completely, then split in half and fill with pub cheese.nPhotograph by Jeff Harris, ingredients: [], title: Giant Pretzel, picturelink: Ono.goGUBnrzglNGMHuVzda37Lwk.4W}, 16772: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 13inch baking pan with cooking spray set aside.nBeat cake mix, butter, and egg in a large bowl with an electric mixer on low speed. Beat into well combined crumbs. Press cake mixture evenly into prepared pan, set aside.nBlend all potato filling ingredients in food processor until smooth. Spread evenly over crust layer.nCombine all topping ingredients in small bowl. Sprinkle over and press into sweet potato filling. Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, until just set and tester inserted comes out clean., ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box yellow cake mix recommended: Betty Crocker, 8 tablespoons butter, room temperature, 1 egg, 2 cups leftover sweet potatoes or 1 15ounce can recommended: Princella, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 1 egg, 12 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 1 cup oats, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 cup white chocolate chips, 14 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 12 cup crushed mixed nuts, 3 tablespoons melted butter], title: Sweet Potato Squares, picturelink: R44udOKSEg6f6kiCWrlZvlGV4PT4USu}, 16773: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix together the butter and sugar until they are just combined. Add the vanilla and almond extracts. In a medium bowl, sift together the flour and salt, then add them to the buttersugar mixture. Add the pecans and mix on low speed until the dough starts to come together. Dump onto a surface dusted with flour and shape into a flat disk. Wrap in plastic and chill for 30 minutes.nRoll the dough 12inch thick and cut into 2 12inch squares with a plain or fluted cutter or cut into any shape you like. Place the cookies on an ungreased baking sheet.nBake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the edges begin to brown. Allow to cool to room temperature and serve., ingredients: [34 pound unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon pure almond extract, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups small diced pecans], title: Pecan Shortbread, picturelink: 7MNTkPY6C5.SzWR4P449v2y5vFMmq}, 16774: {instructions: Special equipment: a piping bag fitted with a large round tip.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour three 6inch round cake pans.nWhisk together the sour cream, buttermilk, vanilla extract, almond extract and eggs in a small bowl until well blended set aside.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or a large mixing bowl if using a hand mixer, add the cake flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt. Mix on low speed to combine, 30 seconds.nWith the mixer on medium speed, slowly add the butter a few pieces at a time. Beat until the dry ingredients are crumbly and moistened by the butter, about 1 minute. Scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl.nGradually add half of the egg mixture to the flourbutter mixture and beat on medium speed until the batter is thick and fluffy, 1 12 minutes. Scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl. Add the remaining egg mixture in 2 additions, scraping the bowl and beating for 20 seconds after each addition.nPour the batter into the prepared pans and sharply tap the pans once on the counter to remove air bubbles. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 minutes. Cool the cakes in the pans on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Remove the cakes from the pans and let cool completely on the rack.nFor the tiramisu syrup: Bring the sugar, water and espresso powder to a boil in a medium saucepan. Remove from the heat and stir in the coffee liqueur.nFor the Tiramisu Filling: In a bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or a large mixing bowl if using a hand mixer, add the mascarpone, confectioners sugar, coffee liqueur and vanilla extract. Mix on medium speed until well blended.nIn a separate bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or a large mixing bowl if using a hand mixer, add the whipping cream and whisk until stiff peaks form. Do not overwhisk. Using a rubber spatula, gently fold the mascarpone mixture into the whipped cream.nFor the vanilla bean Swiss meringue icing: Place the egg whites and sugar in the bowl of a stand mixture set over a saucepan of simmering water. Whisk constantly until the sugar melts and the mixture becomes very thin and warm. Remove the bowl from the heat and add the vanilla seeds. Whisk on high speed until stiff peaks form, about 5 minutes. Continue beating on low speed until cool.nBeat in the butter, a few pieces at a time, on medium speed. The mixture may curdle before coming together.nTo assemble the cake: Using a serrated knife, level off the tops of the cake layers. Place one layer on a serving plate or board and brush some tiramisu syrup on the top. Put 1 cup of the Swiss meringue icing in a piping bag fitted with a large round tip and pipe a thin dam around the edge of the cake. Spoon a 12inch layer of the tiramisu filling onto the cake and gently spread it out to the dam. Repeat with the second layer of cake. Place the final layer on top and ice the cake with the remaining Swiss meringue icing., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 13 cup buttermilk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 3 large eggs, 2 12 cups cake flour, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into tablespoonsize pieces, 13 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup water, 2 tablespoons espresso powder, 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur, 1 cup mascarpone, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup whipping cream, Vanilla Bean Swiss Meringue Icing:, 9 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, seeds scraped out, 1 12 pounds 6 sticks unsweetened butter, softened but still cool, cut in small pieces], title: White Almond Tiramisu Cake with Swiss Meringue Buttercream, picturelink: DWjGCrCpm3N2eYZBIQfuybW8onqWMtS}, 16775: {instructions: Pat one 8ounce tube crescentroll dough into an 8by12inch rectangle, pressing the seams. Brush with dijon mustard top with 12 cup each thawed frozen chopped spinach squeezed dry and grated cheddar, and 14 cup chopped scallions, leaving a border. Season with salt. Starting with a short side, roll into a log pinch the edge. Slice into 8 pinwheels. Bake at 350 degrees F on a parchmentlined baking sheet, 16 to 20 minutes.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: SpinachCheddar Rolls, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 16776: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 9cup oval gratin dish. Next in a small bowl, mix together sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg and set aside. Peel and core the apples and cut into thin slices and toss with lemon. Place apple slices, water and brown sugar into a small saucepot and cook until the apples are tender and the sugar has all dissolved. Slice the bread into triangles and layer into the buttered baking dish. Brush the bread with melted butter and liberally sprinkle the cinnamonsugar mixture over the bread. Top with 12 of the cheddar cheese and 12 of the apples. Repeat with second layer of bread and apples. Whisk together 4 large eggs, 2 34 cups milk, and 14 teaspoon salt and pour over the pudding. Let the pudding sit, refrigerated, for 1 hour. Bake for 30 minutes and then sprinkle with the remaining 12 cup cheddar. Let bake until cheese is melted and golden, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [34 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 3 pound Granny Smith apples, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 14 cup water, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 slices stale white sandwich bread, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup coarsely grated extrasharp Vermont Cheddar cheese, 4 large eggs, 2 34 cups milk, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Apple and Vermont Cheddar Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 16777: {instructions: Combine the ricotta, Pumpkin Spice Latte Base, confectioners sugar and salt in a bowl. Serve with butter wafer cookies or your cookie of choicenCombine the pumpkin, brown sugar, espresso powder, maple syrup, pumpkin pie spice, vanilla and salt in a mixing bowl and mix until completely combined. Transfer to a resealable container and store in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 cup ricotta, 7 tablespoons Pumpkin Spice Latte Base, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, Large pinch kosher salt, Butter wafer cookies, for dipping, One 15ounce can pumpkin puree, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons espresso powder, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Pinch kosher salt], title: Pumpkin Spice Latte Sweet Dip, picturelink: null}, 16778: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the grill or grill pan to medium heat 350 degrees F and rub the grate with a towel dipped in oil.nIn a large bowl, mix together the meat, salt, and pepper until well combined. Shape into 8 14inch thick patties and brush the patties with vegetable oil.nCook the patties until browned on first side, about 1 to 2 minutes. Flip, top with cheese, close grill top and cook until cheese is melted and patty is cooked through, about 1 to 2 more minutes. If you are using a grill pan, tent the burgers with foil to melt the cheese.nServe the patties on the slider buns with optional toppings., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for brushing and coating grill, 1 pound ground chuck, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 thin slices Swiss cheese, cut into small squares to fit the sliders, 8 slider buns, halved and toasted, Crisp bacon, Chive sour cream, Honey mustard, Guacamole, Mayonnaise and ketchup mixture 12 mayonnaise, 12 ketchup, Dill pickles, Grilled pineapple slices, Mango salsa, BBQ sauce, Black bean salsa, Pico de gallo salsa, Hummus], title: Swiss Cheeseburger Sliders, picturelink: 6E08xcCcP9CMeiTXUFWoQozGsQbR1kS}, 16779: {instructions: In a small pot combine the blueberries, sugar, and cinnamon stick. Put pot over medium heat and cook until sugar dissolves and berries burst. Remove pot from heat and add the orange flavored liqueur and the raspberries. Gently mix to combine, careful not to mush the raspberries.nScoop ice cream into individual bowls. Top ice cream with warm berry compote., ingredients: [1 12 cups frozen blueberries, 14 cup sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, Splash orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 1 pint fresh raspberries, French vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Berry Delicious Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 16780: {instructions: For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350F. Spread the grated coconut in a shallow pan or baking sheet. Place in the oven for 1020 minutes fresh takes longer than packaged, stirring frequently, until lightly browned. Remove from the oven and let cool. Remove 1 12 cups of the toasted coconut for the filling.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan melt the butter with the chocolate.nCombine the remaining 2 12 cups of toasted coconut with the melted butter chocolate mixture. Refrigerate for 15 minutes, stirring every 5 minutes, until the mixture begins to firm up. Pat the mixture into a 9 inch glass pie plate and chill again for at least 30 minutes before filling.nFor the filling: Combine the sugar, cornstarch and salt in a medium saucepan and whisk until they are thoroughly mixed and powdery looking. Continue whisking while adding the milk, first by droplets, then in a steady stream. Whisk in the egg yolks until completely incorporated.nPlace the saucepan over medium heat and cook the mixture, stirring constantly with a whisk or spoon, until it boils. Be sure to reach all over the bottom and sides of the pan with the whisk or spoon to prevent lumps from forming. When it reaches a full boil, reduce the heat to low and continue cooking and stirring for 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and beat in the butter, vanilla and 1 cup of the reserved toasted coconut.nPlace a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the pudding, covering it entirely to prevent a skin from forming on the surface. Let cool for 15 minutes. Remove the plastic, stir well and pour the mixture into the pie shell. Whip the cream if using just before serving and spread it over the pie. Sprinkle the remaining 12 cup of toasted coconut over the finished pie., ingredients: [4 cups grated coconut, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, 34 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 cups milk, 4 egg yolks, beaten, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, softened, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped optional], title: Double Coconut Pie, picturelink: null}, 16781: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a pitcher full of ice. Serve in a rocks glass with ice and a lemon wheel to garnish., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 1 part ginbased drink recommended: Pimms, 1 part pomegranate juice, 12 part citrus vodka, Splash lemonlime soda, Lemon wheel, for garnish], title: Poppy Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 16782: {instructions: In a medium bowl, add 1 pint of blackberries, 2 tablespoons of bakers sugar, half of the lemon zest, half of the lemon juice and 18 teaspoon of cinnamon. Stir to combine. Cover the bowl and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat a grill to medium.nCut the pound cake into 8 even rectangular slices. Cut a Vshape out of 1 side of each section and grill the slices over medium heat until grill marks appear.nFor the blackberry sauce: Blitz together in a blender the remaining 12 cup of bakers sugar, 1 pint of blackberries, remaining lemon zest and lemon juice and a little water, if needed, to make a smooth sauce.nWhip the cream in a small bowl with a hand mixer, and add some sugar and cinnamon, to taste. Arrange the pound cake on a serving platter. Put some of the macerated berries inside the cut out Vshape of each pound cake section. Top with blackberry sauce and whipped cream. Garnish with sprig of mint and serve., ingredients: [2 pints fresh local blackberries, 2 tablespoons bakers sugar, plus 12 cup, plus more for cream, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for cream, 1 loaf pound cake, 1 pint whipping cream, 3 to 4 sprigs mint, leaves chiffonade], title: Grilled Pound Cake Brats, picturelink: k6ww9nX4dDcUK1m.o1UMAUAnKgoB6u}, 16783: {instructions: Prepare the artichokes by cutting the stem off, and trimming the outer leaves with scissors. Chop the top off, and scoop out the choke with a spoon.nTo prepare the stuffing, small dice the onions, garlic, shallots, green bell peppers, red bell peppers, and celery. In a large saute pan, add a thin coating of olive oil and heat. Add the diced vegetables and saute for approximately 2 minutes. Add the crabmeat and panko, and season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and set aside.nStuff each of the artichokes with the crab mixture, and steam for 45 minutes over medium heat.nTo make the vinaigrette, combine all of the ingredients in a blender and blend together. Set aside.nTo serve, place each artichoke on the center of a plate, and drizzle with the passion fruit vinaigrette., ingredients: [4 artichokes, 2 white onions, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 shallots, peeled, 2 green bell peppers, 2 red bell peppers, 4 celery stalks, 2 pounds Dungeness crab meat, 16 ounces Japanese panko bread crumbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup passion fruit, frozen concentrate, 1 cup orange juice, frozen concentrate, 8 ounces mirin, 8 ounces rice wine vinegar, 4 cups canola, 2 cups water], title: Dungeness Crab and Panko Stuffed Artichokes with Passion Fruit Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 16784: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 18inch metal skewersnPreheat a grill to medium heat.nTo make the sauce, pour the balsamic vinegar into a small saucepan and reduce very slowly on low heat. Stir occasionally until it reduced to the consistency of syrup, approximately 10 minutes.nOnto a skewer, layer 1 cherry tomato, 1 piece of fresh mozzarella and 1 large folded basil leaf. Repeat this pattern until 2 inches are left on the end of the skewer. Push the ingredients down towards the bottom tip for easy handling of the tops. Repeat with the remaining skewers and ingredients. When the skewers are ready to grill, put them onto a large piece of foil, brush them with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the sheet of foil with the skewers onto the grill and shut the lid until the cheese begins to melt, about 3 minutes. When finished, pull the skewers from the heat by gripping the sides of the foil. Drizzle each skewer evenly with the balsamic reduction and sprinkle each with 1 teaspoon of Eros Pista. Transfer to a serving platter and enjoy., ingredients: [1 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 small container cherry tomatoes, 1 8ounce container fresh mozzarella recommended: Ciliegine, 1 bunch large fresh basil leaves, Extravirgin olive oil, as needed, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 4 teaspoons Eros Pista or fresh Hungarian paprika recommended: Univer, optional], title: Insalata Caprese Kabobs with Balsamic Vinegar Reduction and Eros Pista Paste, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 16785: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Grease a 10inch spring form pan.nIf needed, use a rolling pin with the cookie crumbs in a sealable plastic bag to crush them. Blend the cookie crumbs with the melted butter, press it into the bottom of the pan, and chill.nIn a mixer with a whisk attachment, place the softened cream cheese and whip it. Add the sugar and continue to mix until blended. Add the flour and salt and blend. Add the yolks and eggs gradually, scraping in between then add the vanilla. Add 34 cup of the sour cream and mix in. Take off 2 cups of the mixture and set aside.nIn a small bowl, whisk the remaining 14 cup sour cream with the cooled melted chocolate then whisk it into the reserved 2 cups of filling. Pour a layer of the vanilla filling into the bottom of the pan about 1inch thick. By large spoonfuls, alternate the 2 fillings to fill the spring form pan. Using the flat face of an icing spatula, swirl the 2 batters slightly to marbleize it.nBake at 450 degrees F for 15 minutes, then turn the oven down to 250 degrees F and bake for 1 more hour. Then, turn the oven off and let it cool in the oven 1 hour. The cake will still shimmy, but it is done, it will set up as it chills. Refrigerate the cake overnight. Remove from the spring form pan, slice with a hot, dry knife, and serve.nNotes about the recipe: I had to make 6 cheesecakes a day when I was pastry chef at the Strathallen Hotel in Rochester New York. Just to rotate them halfway through the baking was a major production. I didnt have may own baking oven so had to use the ones on our very busy hot line. It was a trick just to keep the guys cooks from changing the temperatures on my ovens because they always last them to 500. And then to get them to move so I could kneel in front of the ovens to juggle the cakes around...forget it. So Id have to yell out ROTATE and get everyone away from the oven while I kneeled in front of them to do the rotation ballet of hot shimmying cheesecakes with dry towels a hot commodity in kitchens. My knees on my chefs pans were always dirty and that was why., ingredients: [4 ounces chocolate cookie crumbs, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 2 12 pounds cream cheese, room temperature, 1 34 cups sugar, 3 tablespoons flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 yolks, 5 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 34 cup sour cream, plus 14 cup, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted and slightly cooled], title: Marble Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 16786: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Whisk the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.nCook 6 tablespoons butter in an 8inch castiron skillet over medium heat until browned, about 5 minutes remove from the heat. Whisk the eggs and honey in a bowl, then whisk in the milk, sour cream and browned butter. Add to the flour mixture and stir with a wooden spoon until just combined.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in the skillet over medium heat until it foams. Remove from the heat and add the batter. Transfer to the oven bake until the cornbread springs back when pressed, 20 to 30 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes in the skillet before slicing.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 13 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 18 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons honey, 34 cup whole milk, 34 cup sour cream], title: Sweet Skillet Cornbread, picturelink: Vay6cyv4tXscc0SGSoBhDbT5bywiJa}, 16787: {instructions: Combine all ingredients. Refrigerate for 1 hour., ingredients: [1 jicama, peeled, sliced, julienned, 3 oranges, supremed, 1 small red onion, diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, stemmed, seeded, chopped fine wear rubber gloves, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Orange and Jicama Salad, picturelink: null}, 16788: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd 13 cup of shaved ice into a large metal bowl and add the Simple Syrup. Next, drain the juice out of the fruit cocktail and pour the fruit, grain powder and then add the red bean paste into the bowl.nNow add another layer of shaved ice into the bowl. Even out the ice and add the kiwi, mochi rice cakes, strawberries and banana. Then add a scoop of both the strawberry and vanilla ice cream. Pour the milk over the dessert and then the strawberry syrup. Then add the whipped cream, drizzle with hot fudge chocolate syrup and top it with the rainbowy puffs cereal. And finally you add the cherry on topnAdd equal parts sugar and water to a small saucepan over medium heat. Heat until the sugar has dissolved, around 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool., ingredients: [3 cups shaved ice, 3 tablespoons Simple Syrup, recipe follows, One 15ounce can fruit cocktail, 1 cup mixed grain powder, 1 cup Asian red bean paste, 12 cup sliced kiwi, 12 cup colorful mochi rice cakes, 12 cup fresh strawberries, sliced, 12 banana, sliced, 1 scoop strawberry ice cream, 1 scoop vanilla ice cream, 5 tablespoons milk, 5 tablespoons strawberry syrup, 1 cup whipped cream, 5 tablespoons hot fudge chocolate syrup, 1 cup rainbowy puffs cereal, 1 maraschino cherry], title: Pat Bing Soo Korean Shaved Ice, picturelink: tIQ1ci7adGPTw3EVuucx9otZN6X.SEC}, 16789: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBeat the egg in a large mixing bowl. Add the rest of the ingredients except the lettuce and the cheese and whisk to combine.nCut the stems off the heads of Romaine and fan out the lettuce on a serving platter. Sprinkle the Parmesan over the lettuce and drizzle the dressing on top. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 egg, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 13 cup lemon juice, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 heads of Romaine lettuce, 13 cup grated Parmesan, for garnish], title: Guys Caesar Salad, picturelink: Ws2o6OT66YQiTYvSJGY73xQ3K09.siK}, 16790: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Grease the bottom and sides of a 10inch castiron skillet with about 1 tablespoon of the butter.nWhisk the flour, baking powder and salt together in a medium bowl. Beat the remaining butter and 1 12 cups sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla, beating to incorporate. Add the flour mixture in 2 additions, beating on mediumlow speed until incorporated.nUse a rubber spatula to scrape the dough into the prepared skillet, gently spreading it to the edges and smoothing the top. Bake until the edges are brown, and the top is golden but still slightly soft, 45 to 50 minutes. Cool on a wire rack 15 minutes.nTo make the glaze, whisk the milk and 12 cup confectionersu00bf sugar together in a small bowl. If the glaze is too thin add another tablespoon confectioners sugar. Drizzle the glaze over the cookie and top with the rainbow sprinkles. Slice into wedges and serve warm., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon milk, 2 tablespoons rainbow sprinkles], title: Sprinkled Sugar Skillet Cookie, picturelink: S12y7S7IlH0yVylILWgxQPEejoHhBHq}, 16791: {instructions: For the kofte burger: With your hands, mix together the ground beef, onion, coriander, cumin, sumac, cayenne and some salt and pepper in large bowl. Divide the mixture into four 4inch patties.nFor the yogurt sauce: Mix the Greek yogurt, lemon zest and juice, garlic, cumin, cilantro, dill, mint and cucumber in a large bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nCook burgers on a grill or in a skillet recommended to the desired doneness. Salt and pepper the burgers liberally and let rest for 5 minutes to ensure a juicy patty.nSplit the burger buns and spread about 1 teaspoon harissa each of the cutsides. Layer with a burger, arugula and parsley. Top with some yogurt sauce and chow down, ingredients: [1 pound 8020 ground beef, 12 large yellow onion, smalldiced, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon sumac, 12 tablespoon cayenne, Salt and pepper, 1 cup Greek yogurt, Zest and Juice of 1 small lemon, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 12 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 bunch cilantro, finely chopped, 12 bunch dill, finely chopped, 12 bunch mint, finely chopped, 1 seedless cucumber, diced, Salt and pepper, 4 burger buns, Harissa, for spreading, Small handful arugula, 4 sprigs flatleaf parsley], title: Kofte Burger with Harissa and Yogurt, picturelink: T1Z9zTq4PiDnTaVMkBd2WgKzA5m4HPG}, 16792: {instructions: Tear open the New Mexico and guajillo chiles and discard the seeds and stems. You may leave the seeds in if you prefer a spicy harissa. Tear the chiles into large pieces and place them in a medium bowl. Pour 2 cups boiling water over the chiles and let stand until softened, about 20 minutes.nPut the coriander and cumin seeds in a small skillet and cook, swirling often, over medium heat, until the seeds are fragrant and lightly toasted, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the spices to a blender and add the oil, garlic, lemon juice and 2 teaspoons kosher salt, then puree until smooth. Using tongs, add the chiles to the blender along with 12 cup of their soaking liquid discard the rest and puree until very smooth, about 2 minutes on high. Season the harissa with pepper and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, toss the cauliflower with 34 cup of the harissa until each floret is evenly coated. Spread the cauliflower onto a rimmed baking sheet and drizzle with a little more vegetable oil. Roast, tossing halfway through, until the cauliflower is tender and the harissa has begun to caramelize, about 40 minutes.nTransfer the cauliflower to a serving platter and sprinkle with the cilantro. Serve with the remaining 14 cup harissa on the side for dipping., ingredients: [5 dried New Mexico chiles about 1 ounce, 4 dried guajillo chiles about 1 ounce, 2 cups boiling water, 14 teaspoon whole coriander seeds, 14 teaspoon whole cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for roasting, 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, Juice of 12 lemon about 1 tablespoon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large head cauliflower, cut into 2inch florets about 8 cups, 14 cup lightly packed fresh cilantro leaves], title: Moroccan Harissa Roast Cauliflower, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 16793: {instructions: Make the bread pudding: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease an 8inch square baking pan. Combine sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a large bowl. Beat in the eggs until smooth, and then work in the heavy cream. Add the vanilla, stir to combine, and then the bread cubes. Let stand so that bread soaks up custard.nPlace the raisins in the greased pan. Top with the bread mixture, which prevents the raisins from burning. Bake for approximately 25 to 30 minutes or until the pudding has a golden brown color and is firm to the touch. If a toothpick inserted in the pudding comes out clean, it is done. The mixture should be moist, not runny or dry. Cool to room temperature.nMake the whiskey sauce: Place cream in a small saucepan over medium heat, and bring to a boil. Whisk cornstarch and water together, and add to cream while whisking. Bring to a boil. Whisk and let simmer for a few seconds, taking care not to burn the mixture on the bottom. Remove from heat. Stir in the sugar and the bourbon. Taste to make sure the sauce has a thick consistency, a sufficiently sweet taste, and a good bourbon flavor. Cool to room temperature.nMake the meringue: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nButter 6 6ounce ramekins and set aside. Make certain that the bowl and whisk are completely clean. The egg whites should be completely free of yolk, and they will whip better if they are at room temperature. This dish needs a good, stiff meringue. In the bowl of an electric mixer or in a large bowl with a hand mixer, whip egg whites and cream of tartar until foamy. Add the sugar gradually, and continue whipping until shiny and thick. Test with a clean spoon. If the whites stand up stiff, like shaving cream when you pull out the spoon, the meringue is ready. Do not overwhip, or the whites will break down and the souffle will not work.nIn a large bowl, break half of the bread pudding into pieces using your hands or a spoon. Gently fold in 14 of the meringue, being careful not to lose the air in the whites. Add a portion of this base to each of the ramekins. Place the remaining bread pudding in the bowl, break into pieces, and carefully fold in the rest of the meringue. Top off the souffles with this lighter mixture. Smooth and shape tops with a spoon into a dome over the ramekin rim.nBake immediately for approximately 20 minutes or until golden brown. Serve immediately. Using a spoon, at the table, poke a hole in the top of each souffle, and pour the room temperature whiskey sauce inside the souffle., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing pan and ramekins, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch nutmeg, 3 medium eggs, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 5 cups New Orleans French bread, cut into 1inch cubes see Cooks Note, 13 cup raisins, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon water, 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup bourbon, 9 medium egg whites, room temperature, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 34 cup sugar], title: Bread Pudding Souffle with Whiskey Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16794: {instructions: Combine all of the above in a bowl.nWhisk all of the above ingredients. Add to dry mix and let rest in refrigerator for 15 minutes. Then spoon into 350 degree peanut oil and fry until puffed and golden., ingredients: [1 cup cornmeal, 1 cup flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon fresh thyme, 14 teaspoon fresh ground pepper, 18 teaspoon cayenne, 2 pounds rock shrimp, cleaned and roughly chopped, 1 cup milk, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped, 12 cup scallions, thinly sliced, Peanut oil, for frying], title: Rock Shrimp Hushpuppies, picturelink: PRO7iEuMGe8KL4lmV49cxIPBA.Dtfq}, 16795: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F and line a rimmed sheet pan with foil. Cut the ends off the potatoes, then cut the potatoes in half lengthwise. Cut into thick wedges, keeping all of the fries evenly sized. Spread the fries on the lined sheet pan and drizzle with a few tablespoons of olive oil, a big pinch of kosher salt and lots of freshly ground pepper. Sprinkle to taste with paprika and garlic powder and toss everything to evenly coat. Roast until brown and crispy on the bottoms, 10 to 15 minutes.nFlip all the fries, and return them to the oven to roast until they are brown and crispy, another 10 to 15 minutes. Allow to cool slightly before serving, ingredients: [3 pounds sweet potatoes, scrubbed clean, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, for sprinkling, Paprika, for sprinkling, Garlic powder, for sprinkling], title: Sweet Potato Steak Fries, picturelink: FldGMcIN71m5jDmIErAqbkY.lQH05tG}, 16796: {instructions: Pour milk into a small bowl and add the seeds scraped from the vanilla bean. Whisk to combine. In a bowl, combine the sugar, salt, cardamom and flour. Add the eggs, alternating with the milk. Whisk until smooth and thick. Let the batter stand for at least 30 minutes or refrigerate overnight.nHeat the oil in a 4quart saucepan over medium high heat until a deep frying thermometer registers 375 degrees F.nAttach the rosette iron to its handle. Carefully dip the iron into the oil for 2 to 3 minutes. Blot with paper towel. Always reheat the rosette iron before dipping into the batter.nDip the hot iron into the batter up to the top edge. Do not allow the batter to coat the top of the iron. Submerge the iron in the hot oil and cook the rosette until lightly browned. Remove from the oil and gently remove the rosette from the iron, using a fork if necessary. If rosette pops out of the iron and falls into the oil, use tongs to retrieve it.nDrain rosettes on paper towels. Sprinkle the rosettes with the confectioners sugar before serving., ingredients: [1 14 cups milk, 1 vanilla bean split lengthwise, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cardamom, 1 12 cups flour, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 quarts canola oil, Rosette iron, Confectioners sugar for sprinkling], title: Rosettes, picturelink: null}, 16797: {instructions: In a blender blend together all ingredients with salt and pepper to taste until smooth., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 cup plain yogurt, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, 14 pound Roquefort or blue cheese, crumbled about 34 cup, 12 cup pecans, toasted lightly and cooled], title: Roquefort and Toasted Pecan Dressing, picturelink: null}, 16798: {instructions: To prepare the spice rub: Combine all the rub ingredients in a bowl and mix well. To prepare the steak: Generously coat the steak with the rub. Cover, refrigerate, and let it cure for 4 to 6 hours. Lightly rinse the cured steak under running water to remove excess rub. Set on a plate and refrigerate, uncovered, until ready to cook. To prepare the salad: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Heat a very large ovenproof sautepan over high heat until very hot. Add the diced bacon and cook until crispy. Remove the bacon from the pan, and drain on paper towels. Set aside. Add the olive oil to the dripping in the pan and heat until smoking hot. Add the squash and let sit, without stirring, until brown, about 4 minutes. Toss and repeat. Add the onions, set the pan in the oven, and cook until the squash is tender about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven, add the vinegar, garlic, mustard, oregano, pepper and salt, and mix well. Add the bacon to the salad and mix well. Keep warm until ready to serve. To grill the steaks: Oil the grill and heat until very hot to test, you should be able to hold your hand over the grill for no more than 5 seconds. Place the steaks on the grill and cook 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium doneness. Let the steak sit for about 2 minutes, then slice very thin across the grain at a 45 degree angle. To serve: Distribute the warm salad among 6 plates and top with slices of steak., ingredients: [1 tablespoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried mustard, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 3pound flank steak, 6 slices pepper bacon, diced, 2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil, 4 cups peeled, diced butternut squash, 2 onions, cut into large dice, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, Salt], title: SpiceRubbed Flank Steak with Butternut SquashPepper Bacon Salad, picturelink: null}, 16799: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nSplit plums and remove seeds. Place skin side up in a baking dish. Split vanilla bean in half and scrape out seeds, mix with sugar until distributed throughout. Pour evenly over plums and add vanilla pod. Bake until plums are very soft. This may take 1 hour, depending on the variety of the plum. Check every 15 minutes.nRemove the fruit and reduce the liquid in a saucepan until it is a syrupy consistency. The fruit and sauce may be prepared the day before serving.nLemon Pound Cake: Cream butter and 4 cups sugar until light and fluffy. Scrape the bowl and add egg yolks, scraping between additions. Add lemon juice and zest, scraping again. Add sifted dry ingredients, alternating with buttermilk. Whip egg whites with 4 ounces sugar until soft peak, and fold into batter. Scoop into prepared pans and bake until an inserted skewer shows no remaining batter on the skewer.nDo not open oven for the first 20 minutes or cakes may collapse. Cool slightly in pans, then turn over onto parchment paper to fully cool. May be frozen after completely cool, wrapped well in plastic wrap.nAssembly: Cut cake into slices. Warm plums and sauce. Place cake on serving plate, arrange 3 plum halves, and some of the sauce. Just before serving, add a scoop of ginger ice cream or your favorite., ingredients: [9 black plums, 1 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, 12 ounces 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 4 cups sugar, plus 12 cup, 10 egg yolks, 4 lemons, zested fine, 5 tablespoons lemon juice, 22 ounces cake flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 ounces 1 12 cups buttermilk, 10 egg whites, Serving suggestion: Ginger ice cream], title: Vanilla Roasted Black Plums with Toasted Lemon Cake and Ginger Ice Cream, picturelink: null}}