{16800: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl add the crabmeat, 1 cup of the bread crumbs, mayonnaise, mustard, hot sauce, 1 egg, parsley, lemon juice, and salt and pepper, to taste, and gently combine. Divide the crab mixture into 6 equal patties and arrange on a sheet pan lined with waxed paper.nSet up a breading station using 3 baking dishes or pie plates. In the first dish combine the flour with a healthy pinch of salt and pepper. In the second dish whisk together the remaining 2 eggs with 14 cup of water. In the third dish combine the remaining bread crumbs with a healthy pinch of salt and pepper. Dredged the crab cakes in the seasoned flour, then in the egg wash and then coat them thoroughly in the bread crumbs. Arrange on a sheet tray.nHeat the canola oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Fry the cakes in batches of 6 until brown and crispy, about 3 minutes per side. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels to drain.nIn a small bowl whisk together all of the remoulade ingredients and set aside until ready to use.nIn a large bowl whisk together the olive oil, blood orange juice and Dijon mustard. Add the arugula, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss to coat.nTo Serve:nDivide the salad equally between 6 plates. Top with a crab cake, drizzle with remoulade and serve., ingredients: [1 pound lump Dungeness crabmeat, drained, 3 cups fresh bread crumbs, divided, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 3 eggs, divided, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 12 lemon, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup water, 1 12 cups canola oil, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons sweet chili sauce, 2 teaspoons blood orange juice, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons blood orange juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 8 cups baby arugula, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Crispy Crab Cakes, picturelink: DZhHtabo0QooqN5V3it7GlW5U9yCcZC}, 16801: {instructions: Put the carrots in a large bowl, and cover with cold water. Set aside for 30 minutes. Drain and return to the bowl.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, cover the raisins with hot tap water. Set aside to plump for 15 minutes. Drain and add to the carrots.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the parsley, vinegar, oil, honey, salt and cardamom, if using. Add to the carrots and raisins and mix until well combined. Serve immediately or store in the refrigerator, covered, for up to 2 days., ingredients: [6 medium carrots about 1 pound, shredded on a box grater or mandolin, 13 cup golden raisins, 14 cup minced flatleaf parsley, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom optional], title: Carrot Salad, picturelink: null}, 16802: {instructions: Spread out the black sugar on a small plate. Rub the lime wedge around the rim of a rocks glass dip the glass in the black sugar, then fill with ice.nCombine the rum and lime juice in a cocktail shaker. Fill with ice and shake well. Carefully strain into the glass, minding the sugar on the rim. Top the drink with ginger beer and add the gummy spider.nPhotograph by Kate Mathis, ingredients: [Black decorating sugar, for the glass, Juice of 1 lime, plus 1 lime wedge, 14 cup dark rum, 14 cup ginger beer or allnatural ginger ale, 1 black gummy spider], title: Claire Robinsons Dark and Spooky, picturelink: EJOoUg3kuAYsr2o.ym9GB5Vbs3HpLr.}, 16803: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, mix ono with salt and olive oil then add the remaining ingredients. Serve cold., ingredients: [1 pound ono, cubed, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 limes, juiced, 2 Hawaiian chile pepper, minced, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon green onion, 12 cup chopped ogo], title: Wahoo Ono Poke, picturelink: 2UJJXB9hQdetkN1gGAoREy4mybv6Ve}, 16804: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the ricotta in a fine mesh strainer set over a bowl and let stand 10 minutes to remove the excess liquid. Transfer the cheese to a bowl and add the eggs, salt and pepper, to taste and the orange zest. Stir until well combined. Transfer the mixture to an 8ounce shallow baking and serving dish and put on a baking sheet. Bake in the center of the oven until puffed and beginning to brown, about 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and let stand 5 minutes before serving. Serve warm with olives and baguette or your favorite bread and enjoy, ingredients: [1 12 cups fresh whole milk ricotta, 2 eggs, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 orange, zested, 1 cup pitted mixed olives in oil, 1 large baguette, sliced], title: Baked Fresh Ricotta with Olives, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 16805: {instructions: For each cocktail, combine 1 to 2 ounces dark rum, the juice of 12 lime and a splash of cherry liqueur in a highball glass. Fill with ice and top with cherry cola. Garnish with lime and a maraschino cherry.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson, ingredients: [], title: Cherry Cuba Libre, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 16806: {instructions: Bring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil over high heat. Set up a bowl of wellsalted ice water. Blanch the snap peas in the boiling water until they are cooked but still crunchy and then immediately plunge them into the salted ice water. Remove them from the ice water and reserve.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil. Add the ginger, garlic, and scallion and cook over mediumhigh heat until scallions are soft and translucent.nAdd the sugar snap peas and toss to coat in the oil. Add the spinach and toss with the peas until spinach starts to wilt. Remove from heat, season with salt. Toss or stir the spinach to finish wilting and transfer to a serving bowl.nSnappy, ingredients: [1 pound sugar snap peas, stem end and strings removed, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 1inch piece ginger, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 scallion, white and light green only, thinly sliced, 12 pound baby spinach, washed but not dried, stems removed, Kosher salt], title: Sugar Snap Peas and Spinach with Ginger, picturelink: null}, 16807: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a bowl, combine the dry ingredients and set aside.nIn the bowl of a standing mixer, fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter. Add the brown sugar and continue creaming. Then add the eggs and applesauce mixing well. Gradually add the dry ingredients and raisins to make dough.nDrop by rounded tablespoons onto a greased cookie sheet save those butter papers and bake until light golden brown, about 9 to13 minutes. The cookies do not brown very much. Sprinkle with powdered sugar.nPeel and core apples and cut into quarters. Place them in an enamel sauce pan with the water and lemon juice then bring to a boil then turn the heat down slightly and simmer 30 minutes to break them down and get them to thicken. Take off the heat and stir in the sugar and cinnamon, if using., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 1 cup whole wheat flour, 1 12 teaspoons cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon allspice, 1 cup butter, softened, 1 12 cups packed brown sugar, 2 eggs, 1 cup applesauce, recipe follows, 1 12 cups raisins, Powdered sugar, for garnish, 6 apples, McIntosh preferred, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, optional], title: Applesauce Spice Cookies, picturelink: null}, 16808: {instructions: In medium bowl, toss cheeses and flour to mix. Place wine in 2quart saucepan cook over medium heat about 1 minute or until very hot. DO NOT BOIL. Add cheese mixture 12 cup at a time, stirring each until melted. Cook until very warm. Stir in garlic powder. Pour into fondue pot. Keep warm over mediumlow heat.nTo serve, skewer bread cubes with fondue forks to dip into warm cheese., ingredients: [4 oz Havarti cheese, shredded 1 cup, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar cheese 4 oz, 1 cup shredded American cheese 4 oz, 3 tablespoons Gold Medalu00ae allpurpose flour, 1 cup dry white wine, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 6 cups French bread cubes], title: Three Cheese Fondue, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 16809: {instructions: 1.To prepare the crust: Lightly dust a 9inchdiameter glass pie dish with cocoa powder or confectioners sugar. Melt the butter and chocolate together in a heavy small saucepan over very low heat. Pulse the cookies and sugar in a food processor until the mixture resembles coarse sand. Pulse in the melted chocolatebutter mixture until evenly moistened. Press the crumb mixture evenly into the bottom and up the sides of the dish. Freeze until firm, about 30 minutes.n2.Peel and halve each banana, slice each in half lengthwise. Arrange the bananas cutside down in concentric circles, on the crust.n3.To prepare the custard: Whisk the sugar, cornstarch, and salt together in a medium saucepan. Vigorously whisk in the yolks, and both milks until smooth. Add the vanilla seeds and pod to the pot. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture starts to thicken and simmer, and reaches about 160 degrees F, about 4 minutes. Once the mixture is simmering, continue to cook 1 minute longer, stirring constantly. Remove from heat, remove the vanilla pod and pour or spread the custard evenly over the bananas. Chill for 2 hours and up to overnight.n4. To prepare the topping: Beat the heavy cream with an electric mixer until it just starts to thicken. Beat in the confectioners sugar and continue beating until just stiff peaks form. Gently fold in the sour cream, then spoon onto pie to cover the custard. Serve immediately or chill for up to 4 hours., ingredients: [Cocoa powder or confectioners sugar, for dusting, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, 1 12 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped, 30 chocolate wafer cookies, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 to 3 firm, but ripe bananas, 23 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 18 teaspoon salt, 5 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, 2 cups whole milk, 12 cup nonfat evaporated milk, 1 3inch long vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 tablespoons sour cream], title: Chocolate Banana Cream Pie, picturelink: null}, 16810: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Place pecans, 12 cup powdered sugar and salt in bowl of food processor fitted with metal blade. Pulse machine on and off to break up nuts, then process until nuts are finely ground. Add butter a few pieces at a time, pulsing on and off to incorporate, then process until mixture is smooth pulse in vanilla. Add flour and pulse machine on and off until incorporated, scraping the dough down once or twice. Process until the dough begins to form a ball.nREMOVE dough from machine, form into a very flat disc, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 2 hours or until firm enough to roll into balls. Dough may be refrigerated overnight.nLINE two rimmed jellyroll pans with parchment paper. Roll dough between lightly floured palms into 1inch balls and place on prepared cookie sheets 2inches apart. Make an indentation with your thumb or finger in center of each cookie to make a deep well, going about threequarters of the way down into the cookie. If cracks form, simply press any cracks together.nBAKE 13 to 15 minutes or until light golden brown on the bottoms and around the edges. Place cookie sheets on cooling racks sift remaining 1 12 cups powdered sugar over warm cookies. Immediately fill the indentations with jelly and allow to cool completely.nTo toast pecans: Place pecans in dry nonstick skillet cook over medium heat, shaking pan until nuts are lightly browned.nYou may freeze dough up to 1 month defrost in refrigerator overnight before proceedingnCookies may be stored at room temperature in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks these are best stored in single layers separated by waxed or parchment paper., ingredients: [23 cup pecan halves, lightly toasted and cooled, 2 cups powdered sugar, divided, 14 tsp. salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into tablespoonsized pieces, 1 12 tsps. vanilla extract, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, or Pillsbury BESTu00ae Unbleached All Purpose Flour, 14 to 13 cups Smuckersu00ae Red Raspberry Jelly, or any Smuckersu00ae jam or jelly of your choice], title: Jam Filled Pecan Snowballs, picturelink: HWON1OV1IBkMQkV2vl5mLBzsweR0D7q}, 16811: {instructions: Cook 4 ounces diced pancetta in a skillet with olive oil until crisp remove with a slotted spoon. Add 1 bag frozen peas and 1 cup water to the skillet simmer until tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in 3 tablespoons pesto and heat through. Stir in 1 12 cups cooked orzo and 2 tablespoons grated parmesan.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Pesto Orzo With Peas, picturelink: dP6biYwaycJNvPiwoP3GAzgrTGVtjC}, 16812: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large pot over medium heat and add the garlic.nThrow in the mushrooms, wine, salt and pepper, and cook them, stirring occasionally, until the liquid reduces by half, 3 to 4 minutes.nSprinkle the flour all over, then stir to combine.nPour in the broth, stir and continue to cook until the sauce is nice and thick, 3 to 4 minutes.nAdd the cream cheese and stir until it mixes in. Dont worry if it seems a little lumpy at first. That will go awaynAdd the turkey, peas, Monterey Jack, olives, Parmesan and bacon.nStir until everything is well combined, then add salt and pepper to taste.nAdd the spaghetti and stir to combine. If the mixture is too thick, splash in 12 cup of broth.nPour the whole shebang into a large casserole dish and even out the surface.nSprinkle on the panko breadcrumbs and bake it until the crumbs are golden brown and the casserole is bubbly, 20 to 25 minutes.nServe it to hearty appetites, ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound white mushrooms, quartered, 1 cup dry white wine, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more, 12 teaspoon black pepper, plus more, 14 cup flour, 4 cups turkey or chicken broth, plus more if needed, One 8ounce package cream cheese, 3 cups leftover Thanksgiving turkey, shredded or diced, 1 12 cups frozen green peas, 1 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese, 1 cup finely chopped black olives, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 4 slices bacon, fried and chopped, 12 ounces thin spaghetti, broken in half and cooked, 1 cup panko], title: Turkey Tetrazzini, picturelink: MAREtzhqte51sDtwpPoZ2uzTQ7d8cPW}, 16813: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a medium size saucepan. Add quinoa and orzo and cook, stirring constantly, until quinoa turns golden, about 1 minute. Add the garlic and sundried tomatoes and continue to saute for 20 seconds until you smell their aroma. Add chicken broth, bring to simmer. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook for 12 minutes or until barely done. There should be a little liquid that has been absorbed by the grains and pasta and which will help the cheese turn creamy. Season to taste with salt and pepper, stir in basil and remove from heat., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, 34 cup quinoa, thoroughly rinsed, 1 14 cups orzo, 2 small cloves garlic, minced, 10 sundried tomatoes, packed in olive oil finely chopped, 3 cups chicken broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 2 ripe tomatoes, seeded and cut into fine dice, 14 cup chiffonade of basil], title: Speckled Quinoa and Orzo, picturelink: null}, 16814: {instructions: Combine the marinade ingredients in a nonreactive bowl large enough to accommodate the steak and mix well to dissolve the sugar. Submerge the steak in the liquid and let it marinate for 2 days, covered, in the refrigerator.nWhen you are ready to cook, remove the flank steak from the marinade and let it come to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Heat a grill or grill pan on high heat. Rub the steak with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Grill the steak for about 8 to 10 minutes per side for medium rare. Let the steak rest for about 15 minutes before slicing.nWhile the steak is cooking and resting, heat the remaining olive oil in a skillet over high heat. Remove the onions and pears from the marinade and sautu00e9 them until they are golden and caramelized, about 8 minutes. Set the onions and pears aside and strain the marinade into the hot skillet. Cook until the marinade is reduced by half.nTo serve, slice the steak into thin slices against the grain. Top the slices with the caramelized onions and pears and the reduced marinade., ingredients: [3 Anjou or Bosc pears, peeled, cored and sliced, 1 onion, sliced, 14 cup chopped garlic, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 cup white grape juice, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 cup beef stock, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup hoisin sauce, 12 cup barbecue sauce, 14 cup tomato paste, 3 pounds flank steak, trimmed, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Pear Balsamic Flank Steak, picturelink: null}, 16815: {instructions: Combine the sugar, water, and ginger in a saucepan over medium heat. Gently simmer and stir for 2 minutes until the sugar is dissolved u00bf do not allow the syrup to boil or get dark. Remove from the heat, cover, put in the refrigerator, and let steep until cold.nStrain the lime juice into a blender. When the syrup is cold, fish out the ginger slices and pour the syrup into the blender. Add the lime zest. Then add the chopped mint and crushed ice and process until slushy. Spoon the slushy into bowls, garnish with mint leaves, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 2 cups water, 2 inch piece of fresh ginger, sliced, 1 12 cups fresh lime juice, 1 lime, zest finely grated, Leaves from 12 bunch fresh mint, chopped, plus whole leaves for garnish, Crushed ice], title: LimeGinger Slushy with Mint, picturelink: null}, 16816: {instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill to medium heat.nSlice eggplant into 12inchthick slices. Sprinkle with salt and let stand in a colander set over a bowl or the sink for 20 minutes. Rinse briefly and pat dry.nPour marinade over eggplant and let stand for at least 10 minutes or up to overnight in the refrigerator. Remove from marinade, reserving leftover marinade. Place eggplant on grill, cook until eggplant is cooked through and lightly browned on all sides, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from grill. Serve with reserved marinade and sprinkle with sesame seeds.nWhisk together all ingredients in a small bowl. Let stand for 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 medium eggplants, Kosher salt, Marinade, recipe follows, Sesame seeds, for garnish, 14 cup soy sauce, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar or white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon dark sesame oil, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 3 cloves garlic, minced], title: Grilled Eggplant Teriyaki, picturelink: hREMIRizxi9OV9yBp7SfN5ExZ9Jy1Z6}, 16817: {}, 16818: {instructions: For the macaroni salad: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the macaroni in the boiling water until al dente according to the package instructions. Drain and let cool.nToss the macaroni with the tomatoes, radishes, bell peppers, scallions and cucumbers in a large bowl. In a small bowl, whisk the mayonnaise with the vinegar, mustard, sugar and garlic salt. Add the dressing to the macaroni and vegetables and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until serving.nFor the chicken: Heat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nTo butterfly the chicken, first remove the giblets and discard. Put the chicken on a cutting board breastside down. Use kitchen shears to cut along each side of the backbone to remove. Trim any excess fat and discard. Flip the chicken breastside up and firmly press each breast to break the bone and flatten.nIn a small bowl, combine the chili powder, salt, garlic powder and black pepper. Season both sides of the chicken with the spice mixture. Use a pastry brush to brush the chicken with the canola oil.nPlace the chicken skinside down on the grill. Cover and let cook 10 minutes. Flip the chicken and reduce the heat to medium low. Cover and cook another 10 minutes. Flip the chicken again for 10 more minutes, then flip again and cook until the chicken reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, an additional 10 minutes.nUse a pastry brush to coat each side of the chicken with the barbecue sauce and cook just to let the sauce caramelize, about 2 minutes per side. Tent with foil and let stand 5 minutes. Cut the chicken into piecesit will be falling apart by this time Serve with more barbecue sauce on the side and the lime wedges., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 cups elbow macaroni, 1 cup halved grape tomatoes, 1 cup sliced radishes, 12 cup diced green bell peppers, 6 scallions, white and light green parts only, thinly sliced, 12 English cucumber, diced, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 whole chicken, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 14 cup barbecue sauce, plus more for serving, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Grilled Butterflied BBQ Chicken with Macaroni Salad, picturelink: NWD08FUszDr4JfGmp7igkzHmW.o3yCu}, 16819: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the blueberry syrup: Put the blueberries, sugar and lemon juice in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly, then reduce the heat and simmer until thick, 20 to 25 minutes.nStrain the blueberries through a finemesh strainer, pressing to get all the liquid out, then place the liquid in the fridge and chill until cold or place the pan in a bowl of ice to chill down fast.nFor the lemonade: Mix the sugar with 6 cups of tap water and stir until the sugar is dissolved to make a simple syrup.nPour the lemon juice into a large vat. Pour in threequarters of the simple syrup and 8 cups of water give or take. Add the blueberry syrup, stir it around and then give it a taste. Add more simple syrup if it needs sweetness, or more water if it needs dilution. Top up with lots of ice before serving., ingredients: [4 cups fresh blueberries, 12 cup sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, 6 cups sugar, 24 lemons, juiced], title: Blueberry Lemonade, picturelink: vrlfZ.5Ij6qSVNaBmMhGM.PT2Vc8XGe}, 16820: {instructions: Place the beans in a large bowl. Cover with water and soak overnight. Rinse and drain.nSet a large heavy saucepan Dutch oven works well over medium heat. Add the oil and saute the garlic, carrots, celery, onions and bell peppers, about 5 minutes. Season with pepper do not add salt at this stage or the beans will get tough while cooking. Add the red beans, kale leaves, chipotles and sauce,Worcestershire, smoked paprika, onion powder, thyme, oregano and cayenne. Stir well to combine everything, and then add the bay leaves and 8 cups water. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to medium and simmer uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the bean mixture thickens, about 1 12 hours. Add more water as it cooks if necessary. Season well with salt once the beans are tender.nWhen done, remove the bay leaves. Then carefully ladle out about 1 cup of the bean mixture into a food processor and puree or mash with a fork. Return the puree to the pan, taste and season again with salt and black pepper. Add hot sauce to taste at this stage.nServe the red beans on top of steamed white rice and garnish with sliced scallions and a squeeze of fresh lemon juice., ingredients: [1 pound dried red beans, sorted through for stones, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 medium carrots, peeled, 12inch dice, 2 celery stalks, 12inch dice, 1 large sweet onion, 12inch dice, 1 medium red bell pepper, 12inch dice, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups lightly packed torn kale leaves, ribs removed, 2 canned chipotle chilies in adobo, minced, 1 tablespoon adobo sauce from canned chipotles, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or as needed, 2 bay leaves, Kosher salt, Hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 4 cups steamed longgrain white rice, 14 cup sliced green onion, for garnish, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Spicy Vegetarian Red Beans and Rice, picturelink: uUOg2Vjodj0KPShpCfcJ6DkKuZpm7K}, 16821: {instructions: Pecan Pie Sundae: Scoop some ice cream into a bowl and crumble a Pecan Bar over the top and dollop with some whipped cream.nIce Cream Sandos: Make a sandwich with 2 cookies around 1 scoop of softened coffee, vanilla, chocolate, or mint ice cream. Roll the edges of the ice cream sandwiches in toasted coconut, sprinkles, chopped nuts or chopped chocolate, if desired., ingredients: [Ice cream, your choice, Pecan Bars, Whipped cream, Toasted Coconut and Orange Icebox Cookies and Vanilla Cherry Chocolate Cookies, Flavorings, optional  toasted coconut, sprinkles, chopped nuts, chopped chocolate], title: No Recipe Recipe: Ice Cream Sandos and Sundaes, picturelink: lp1aY1N3LQzUAVWBjDiSkUMn05mACZe}, 16822: {instructions: Wash the pork chops, pat dry and season with salt and pepper to taste. In a large skillet, heat the oil. Flour the pork chops and sear in the oil. Cook for about 1 minute per side to brown. Remove the pork chops from the skillet and place the cooked pork chops on a paper bag to absorb the excess oil. Put the chops back in the skillet and add the chopped onion and 3 to 4 cloves of chopped garlic to pot with 14 cup of water. Put a lid on the pot and steam the chops for approximately 20 minutes.nFor the collard greens: Remove the stems, cut up and wash the collard greens. Then par boil the ham hocks in water for about 5 to 10 minutes. Drain the ham hocks. In a large pot, heat the shortening. Saute ham hocks, then add greens, on low fire with pot covered. Allow greens to cook for about 1 12 hours over low heat. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the cornbread: Mix all ingredients and put in a greased pan. Bake in a preheated 400 degree oven for 30 to 40 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean.nServe the pork chops with some collard greens and cornbread., ingredients: [9 pork chops, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup of water, 2 bunches collards, 3 smoked ham hocks, 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, Salt and red pepper, to taste, 1 cup cornmeal, 14 cup vegetable shortening, melted, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup evaporated milk, 1 egg, beaten], title: Pan Fried Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 16823: {}, 16824: {instructions: Marinate tritip for several hours in red wine, soy sauce, sugar, rosemary, and thyme, refrigerated.nHeat a grill on high.nSear the outside of the meat with high heat with the fat side up. Then reduce heat to medium and slow roast for 20 minutes.nLet the steak rest in a foil tent for about 10 minutes before cutting diagonally across the grain., ingredients: [1 tritip steak, 23 cup red wine, 13 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves], title: Grilled TriTip Steak, picturelink: null}, 16825: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the ground pork and pork sausage, red pepper flakes, 2 cloves of the chopped garlic, panko, grated cheese, eggs, parsley, kosher salt and black pepper, to taste, in large bowl. Form into 2inchmeatballs and set aside on a platter.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the meatballs and cook until brown on all sides. Transfer to plate.nMeanwhile, start the sauce. Add the 2 tablespoons of the remaining olive oil to a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, and the remaining garlic. Saute until the onion begins to brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Season the onions with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the tomato puree and the tomatoes and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, stir in the meatballs and simmer the sauce, stirring occasionally, for 45 minutes.nTo serve, put a meat ball on the bottom of each roll and drizzle lightly with some sauce. Top with a basil leaf and some shaved pecorino. Cover with the roll tops and transfer to a platter. Serve warm., ingredients: [34 pound ground pork, 34 pound Italian pork sausage, casings removed, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 6 garlic cloves, chopped, divided, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 large eggs, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 onion, chopped, 1 20ounce can tomato puree, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes, Soft rolls, split horizontally, Fresh basil leaves, Shaved pecorino], title: Neelys Meatball Sliders, picturelink: PWa1IXfdmFOky7nwQSsVJmH5uQ67xpG}, 16826: {instructions: Combine marinade ingredients in a bowl. Rub chicken inside and out with marinade. Cover and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight.nStuffing: Soak the dried chestnuts overnight in water. Place them in a pan with water and simmer, covered, until soft, about 30 minutes drain. Discard the stems and thinly slice the mushroom caps. Place a wok over high heat until hot. Add oil, swirling to coat sides. Add sausage stirfry until sausage is slightly crisp, 1 12 to 2 minutes. Add shallots, green onions, chestnuts, mushrooms and cilantro. Cook for 1 minute. Stir in oysterflavored sauce, and sesame oil. Remove pan from heat and add rice mix well. Let stuffing cool.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees.nJust before roasting, place stuffing inside chicken enclose with skewers. Place chicken, breast side up, on a rack in a roasting pan. Insert a meat thermometer into the thickest part of thigh meat, without touching bone. Bake until thermometer registers 180 to 185 degrees, about 1 to 1 12 hours. During the last half of roasting time, baste chicken occasionally with pan juices., ingredients: [2 tablespoons dark soy, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 2 12 pound spring chicken, 14 cup dried chestnuts, 3 dried black mushrooms, 1 tablespoon cooking oil, 2 Chinese sausage 2 ounces each, diced, 2 medium shallots, thinly sliced, 2 stalks green onions, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons oysterflavored sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 cup cooked glutinous rice sweet rice], title: Roasted Chicken with Holiday Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 16827: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the macaroni until al dente, about 7 minutes strain and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a large oval casserole dish.nCook 2 tablespoons of the butter, the onions, celery and a pinch of salt in a large saute pan over medium heat until the onions and celery are soft but not brown, about 7 minutes.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large straightsided skillet over medium heat. Sprinkle the flour over the butter and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in the halfandhalf, bring to a boil and cook for 2 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat, and stir in the Cheddar, Monterey Jack and blue cheese until melted. Stir in the onion mixture, macaroni and hot sauce. Taste and season with salt and pepper.nPour the macaroni mixture into the prepared casserole dish. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter, pour into a small bowl and mix with the panko sprinkle on top of the mac n cheese. Bake until bubbly and brown, 35 to 40 minutes. Garnish with the scallions., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the casserole dish, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 12 cups halfandhalf, 4 cups shredded Cheddar, 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, 1 13 cups hot sauce, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 scallions, sliced on the bias], title: Buffalo Mac n Cheese, picturelink: 7mLUq4Zb3.72OjLNCOQPp6VCiMH3bX6}, 16828: {instructions: Mix the cardamom into the yogurt and refrigerate until you are ready to serve.nToss the peaches with the lemon juice so they wont oxidize. Put the Zinfandel and sugar into a stainless steel pot over medium heat and bring it to a simmer. Add the peaches and simmer for about 15 minutes, covered. Remove the peaches and reduce the Zinfandel by about half, down to light syrup. Spoon the sauce over the peaches and serve with the yogurt., ingredients: [12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 2 cups vanilla yogurt, lowfat or nofat, 8 ripe peaches, peeled, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 bottle Zinfandel good quality, about an 8 bottle, 1 cup sugar], title: Zinful Sinless Poached Peaches with Cardamom Yogurt, picturelink: null}, 16829: {instructions: For the simple syrup: Combine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepot over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook, whisking occasionally, until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks.nFor the gimlet: Add the watermelon to a cocktail shaker and muddle. Fill the shaker with the ice. Pour in the gin or vodka, lime juice and 34 ounce of the simple syrup about 1 12 tablespoons. Shake well and strain into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with the watermelon slice., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 3 to 4 large watermelon chunks, cut into 1 12inch cubes, plus a thin triangular watermelon slice for garnish, 2 cups ice, 2 ounces gin or vodka, 34 ounce fresh lime juice about 1 lime], title: Watermelon Gimlet, picturelink: qFHaaKERjhQfM4LlNyfcaAJFMdKg3NK}, 16830: {instructions: Heat a sauce pot over medium heat with a drizzle of olive oil. Gently cook mushrooms 5 minutes, season lightly with salt and pepper. Add a splash of sherry and cook off. Add beef stock and 1 cup water and simmer over low heat.nWhisk eggs in a bowl with a pinch of salt and a splash of water, about 2 teaspoons. Sprinkle the flour while you whisk and add a dash of freshly grated nutmeg. Heat a drizzle of olive oil at a time in a small nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Add a small ladle of eggs to the pan and swirl it around. Flip the egg crepe after 30 to 40 seconds and cook 15 to 20 seconds on the other side. Stack up the egg crepes and when youve used the last, 6 to 8 crepes, roll the crepes and slice into 1inch strips.nDivide the crepe strips evenly among 4 bowls and top with 2 tablespoons chopped chives then ladle the beef and mushroom broth over top and serve immediately., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 8 white mushrooms, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, A splash sherry, 4 cups beef stock, 1 cup water plus 2 teaspoons, 3 eggs, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, Dash nutmeg, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: Fritatten Soupe, picturelink: rXySq96y9HM.d5xhCjLK.j3OMNhNTiS}, 16831: {instructions: Prepare a grill or large grill pan for mediumhigh heat.nPut the tomatoes into a large mixing bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and let sit at room temperature while you prepare the rest of the ingredients.nPut the sour cream, lime zest and juice, cumin and a pinch of salt and pepper in a small bowl and whisk to combine. Reserve.nLightly oil the grill grates. Brush the pork all over with 2 tablespoons of the oil and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Arrange the pork on one side of the grill leave room for grilling the vegetables and cook until lightly charred on both sides and an instantread thermometer inserted into the deepest part of a chop registers 140 degrees F, about 5 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and let rest for 5 minutes before serving.nMeanwhile, brush the corn and onion liberally with the remaining 2 tablespoons oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper and arrange them on the grill. Cook the corn until lightly charred, 6 to 8 minutes, rotating the ears so that they cook evenly. Cook the onion until charred and tender, 6 to 8 minutes, flipping as needed. Transfer the vegetables to a cutting board and cool for 2 to 3 minutes. When cool enough to handle, cut the corn away from the cobs and quarter the onion rounds. Add the corn, onion, blackeyed peas and half of the parsley to the same large bowl with the tomatoes. Gently toss to combine. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nDivide the succotash among 4 large dinner plates and top with a dollop of the reserved sour cream mixture. Place 1 pork chop on each plate next to the succotash. Garnish the succotash with the reserved parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 medium yellow tomatoes, cut into 12inch thick wedges about 1 pound, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup sour cream, Zest and juice of 1 lime, 14 teaspoon cumin, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates, 4 bonein pork chops, 1inch thick about 3 pounds, 4 ears yellow corn, shucked, 1 large red onion, sliced into 12inch rounds about 8 ounces, One 15ounce can blackeyed peas, drained and rinsed, 12 cup roughlychopped fresh parsley], title: 25Minute Grilled Pork Chops with Succotash, picturelink: 4QKc7eHijIvsIKtzprNz1N88sy7w0i6}, 16832: {instructions: In a large pot filled with boiling water, dissolve the bouillon cubes and cook the noodles according to package directions. Drain the noodles in a colander and then nestle the colander into the pot so some of the pasta water goes into the pot as the pasta continues to drain. Remove the colander and stir the butter and sour cream into the pot until the butter melts. Add the parsley and the noodles. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine well. Pour into a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 chicken bouillon cubes, 1 pound egg noodles, 3 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 tablespoon sour cream, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Super Buttered Noodles, picturelink: null}, 16833: {instructions: Whisk together the paprika, ancho powder, brown sugar, cumin, salt and pepper in a small bowl.nPlace the shrimp in a large bowl, add the spice rub and stir well to coat each shrimp.nHeat your grill to high. Heat 3 tablespoons of the oil on the grates of the grill over high heat in a large cast iron or saute pan add half of the shrimp and half of the garlic and cook until just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in half of the green onions and transfer to a large platter or turn out onto brown paper bags. Wipe out of the pan with paper towels, and repeat with the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [14 cup smoked sweet paprika, 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 pounds 21 to 24 large shrimp, shell on, 6 tablespoons canola oil, divided, 12 cloves coarsely chopped fresh garlic, divided, 12 cup thinly sliced green onion], title: All You Can Eat Shrimp with Green Onion, Garlic and BBQ Spices, picturelink: null}, 16834: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nToast the almonds in a pan over medium heat until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes.nSpread one slice of the sourdough bread with a thick layer of the chocolatehazelnut spread. Spread the other slice of bread with the marshmallow creme. Layer the strawberries onto the chocolatehazelnut spread and top with a sprinkling of almonds. Then place the other slice of bread on top, marshmallow cremeside down. Press the 2 slices together.nButter one side of the sandwich and put it on a hot panini maker butterside down. Butter the other side, close the lid and cook until the sandwich is toasted and warmed through. If you do not have a panini maker, you can grill the sandwich in a skillet, laying another heavy skillet on top of the sandwich to press it together. Turn to grill the other side in the same way.nSprinkle with powdered sugar, cut in half and serve, ingredients: [2 tablespoons sliced almonds, 2 slices sourdough bread, 2 tablespoons chocolatehazelnut spread, 1 tablespoon marshmallow creme, 4 strawberries, sliced, 2 tablespoons salted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon powdered sugar], title: Dessert Panini, picturelink: D2uMCJ89NrSxxQV4MaYT3RlLN0EqYG}, 16835: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Adjust oven racks to the middle of the oven. Place a cast iron pizza stone or pan in the oven to heat for 1 hour.nBlanch asparagus 1 minute in a large pot of boiling salted water, then remove and shock in a bowl of ice water. Drain well.nPlace asparagus in a bowl and drizzle with olive oil, salt, and pepper. Toss to combine well.nFlour your work surface and roll the pizza dough into a 12inch diameter. Carefully remove the cast iron pizza stone from the oven and put the dough on top.nLadle the sauce to cover the bottom of the pizza and top with mozzarella, red onion, bacon, and asparagus coins. Arrange the 8 whole pieces of asparagus fanned out from the center the pizza, like spokes on a bicycle.nBake until golden and crisp and the cheese has melted, about 20 to 25 minutes.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic slices, and red pepper flakes, and saute until the edges of the garlic begin to turn golden, about 3 minutes.nStir in the crushed tomatoes, salt, and pepper and let simmer 15 minutes.nTurn off the heat and stir in the torn basil. Taste for seasoning and adjust if necessary., ingredients: [1 16ounce ball pizza dough, Basic Pizza Sauce, recipe follows, 1 pound fresh asparagus, 8 spears trimmed and remaining cut into 12inch coins, Olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces shredded mozzarella, 12 red onion, sliced into 12 moons, 5 slices bacon, cooked crisp and crumbled, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 14.5ounce can crushed tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons torn fresh basil, Pinch sugar, as necessary], title: Bacon and Asparagus Pizza, picturelink: GEuBING4uJR6lqiYK0KtiAdI8ER8d06}, 16836: {instructions: In a saute pan over medium heat, mix solid chocolate, chocolate sauce and cabernet. Mix well. Place 1 roasted marshmallow on a piece of biscotti. Top with as much chocolate cabernet sauce as desired 1 to 2 tablespoons, or just dip it into the sauce., ingredients: [3 bars semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 cups bestquality chocolate sauce, 1 cup cabernet sauvignon, 1 bag large marshmallows, roasted, 15 to 20 biscotti], title: Italian Smores, picturelink: null}, 16837: {instructions: Grate potatoes and onion into a bowl or pulse in food processor. Drain any excess liquid, then add the eggs, matzo meal, salt and pepper.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Spoon the mixture into hot oil forming small pancakes. Cook until underside is golden, about 2 to 3 minutes. Flip pancakes and cook until other side is golden and potatoes are cooked through, about 2 minutes more. Serve hot with sour cream or applesauce., ingredients: [5 large russet potatoes, peeled, 1 medium onion, 4 eggs, beaten, 12 cup matzo meal, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 12 cup canola oil, for frying, Sour cream, for serving, Applesauce, for serving], title: Potato Pancakes Latkes, picturelink: hciiqpSDafDfL7GLnu105XxXW7Lgzrm}, 16838: {instructions: For the fish stock:nPlace the scorpion fish bones, 2 tablespoons of shallots, 1 bay leaf, 14 cup of the wine, a pinch of sea salt and 1 clove garlic in a 1quart saucepan. Add enough cold water to cover and cook over high heat until it reaches a low rolling boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 45 minutes. Strain and reserve for later use.nFor the Pea Sauce:nIn a large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of oil with 4 tablespoons of butter over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons of shallots and 1 clove of minced garlic and saute until translucent. Add the peas, 14 cup of wine, and 14 cup of fish stock and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and continue cooking for 10 to 15 minutes, or until peas are tender and bright green. Remove from the heat and transfer to a blender. Puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and add 1 more tablespoon of olive oil. Set aside.nFor the Fish and the Morels:nHeat 2 large saute pans over mediumhigh heat. To 1 pan, add 2 tablespoons of oil, and then add the remaining shallots and 1 clove of minced garlic, and saute for 1 minute. Add the fresh morels and cook until mushrooms are tender. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in the other saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Season the fish with salt and pepper and place fish in pan, skin side down. Add 2 sprigs of thyme and the remaining 2 cloves whole garlic. Reduce the heat to medium, and turn the fish over after 3 minutes of cooking or when the skin has become slightly golden in color. Continue cooking on the other side for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the remaining wine and 14 cup of fish stock and cook just until the fish is cooked through. Remove from the heat.nTo serve, ladle a small circle of the pea puree onto the center of the plate. On top, place the morels and the fish, skin side up. Garnish with the remaining sprigs fresh thyme and 1 of the roasted garlic cloves from the pan the fish was cooked in., ingredients: [3 pounds scorpion fish, filleted and bones reserved for stock, 6 shallots, peeled and julienned, divided, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup Chardonnay, divided, Sea salt, 3 cloves garlic, divided, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 pound shelled fresh English peas, Black pepper, 1 pound fresh morel mushrooms, washed thoroughly, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, divided], title: Scorpion Fish with English Pea Sauce and Fresh Morel Mushrooms: Scorfano in Padella con Salsa di Piselli Freschi e Funghi Spugnole, picturelink: null}, 16839: {instructions: Heat grill to high. Place lemon juice in a small saucepan and bring to boil on the grates of the grill. Cook until reduced to 12 cup. Remove from the grill and let cool slightly. Leave grill on high heat.nPlace lemon syrup, habanero, lemon zest, and mayonnaise in a blender and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and transfer to a large bowl. Add the onions, celery, and parsley and set aside.nBrush tuna with oil and season with salt and pepper on both sides. Grill for 3 minutes per side or until slightly charred and cooked to medium doneness. Remove from the grill and let rest 5 minutes before cutting into small dice or flaking with a fork. Add the flaked tuna to the mayonnaise mixture and gently mix until combined. Divide the tuna salad among 4 slices of bread. Top the salad with a few sprigs of watercress and top with the remaining bread., ingredients: [3 cups fresh lemon juice, 12 to 1 whole habanero chile, chopped only use the whole if you like it hot, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 cup bestquality mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 1 large stalk celery, finely diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 4 8ounce tuna steaks, Olive oil, 8 slices hearty bread Italian, French, ciabatta, or country white, Watercress], title: Grilled Tuna Salad Sandwiches with LemonHabanero Mayonnaise and Watercress, picturelink: null}, 16840: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the dough: In a cup, add 14 cup cold water and the sazon. Stir to dissolve and set aside. In a food processor, add the flour, butter and salt. Then pulse until the butter is in small pebbles throughout the flour. Slowly add the seasoned water in a stream while pulsing until dough comes together. Remove the dough from the processor, form in to a ball and flatten it into a disk. Wrap it in plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator while you make the filling.nFor the filling: In a pot, add the chicken, half of the thyme, the smashed garlic cloves and fill the pot with enough water to cover the chicken by an inch. Sprinkle with a nice pinch of salt and bring to a boil. Then lower to a simmer and cook until the chicken reaches internal temperature of 165 degrees F, or juices run clear when punctured, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the chicken parts from the water and rest on a plate to cool. Reserve 14 cup of the poaching liquid.nMeanwhile, in a large saute pan, add the butter, oil, sliced garlic, serrano pepper, the remaining thyme, sazon, cumin, and season with a pinch of salt and few grinds of pepper. Saute while stirring until the pan is fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the frozen blend and reserved poaching liquid. Turn up the heat to create steam and continue stirring until the vegetable blend is cooked, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the flour in sprinkles and stir to combine. Then add the milk. Allow to simmer and thicken about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat.nMeanwhile, remove the dough from the refrigerator and sprinkle a flat surface with flour. Flour a rolling pin and roll the dough into a circle about 18inch thick. Using a knife or pizza wheel, trim the edges. Center the dough in a 8 or 9inch pie dish, allowing the excess dough to drape over the edges.nRemove the skin from the poached chicken, pull the meat from the bones and shred or chop. Stir into the pot along with the crema. Pour the filling into the dough. Flap the excess edges over the top of the pie, making sure to not overlap too much dough at the joints. This amount of dough leaves a hole in the center to vent. In a small bowl, whisk the egg and a splash of water. Brush the egg wash gently on the top of the pie dough.nBake until the crust is golden brown and the insides are bubbling, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 teaspoon sazon seasoning blend, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 1 stick butter, cut into pieces and frozen, Pinch salt, 1 pound chicken thighs and legs, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, Salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 serrano pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 teaspoon sazon seasoning blend, 6 cloves garlic, 4 smashed the other 2 thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups frozen peas, corn, onion, red pepper and black bean blend, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups milk, 1 cup Mexican crema, 1 egg], title: Sunnys Southwestern Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: E.NCDOh56l5QjBzjNoiMXpcT3caX9i}, 16841: {instructions: To make the soup, begin by cutting the onion, and slowly cook it in a copper pot with some olive oil. Add the crushed garlic cloves and cook for 2 minutes. Add 12 of the chicken broth and cook onions until they are transparent. Add the remaining broth and the steamed, peeled, and quartered potatoes, and let simmer over low heat for 10 minutes.nBoil the asparagus in salted water for 2 minutes. Add the cooked asparagus to the potato and onion mixture. Blend mixture in a food processor until smooth, strain through a chinois or cheesecloth, set aside and keep warm.nTo prepare the foam, steam the leek and set aside. Saute the shallots and the onion with 1 tablespoons olive oil in a saucepan until translucent. Add the heavy cream and broth, and then add the leek and the asparagus. When everything is cooked sufficiently, approximately 10 minutes, put everything into the food processor. Blend until all of the ingredients are well pureed. Pass through the chinois several times until you have a perfectly creamy sauce. Let the mixture cool, and place into a siphon with a double charge of gas. This will help you create the foam.nTo serve, pour the warm velvet potato soup into large cappuccino cups. Use the siphon to create the foam top, like a real cappuccino. Finish with a drizzle of aged balsamic vinegar and extra virgin olive oil., ingredients: [1 white onion, 1 ounce olive oil, 1 head garlic, crushed, 8 ounces chicken broth, plus 8 ounces, 1 pound potatoes, steamed, peeled and quartered, 4 asparagus stalks, 1 leek, cleaned and cut in 12 lengthwise, 1 ounce shallots, diced finely, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 white onion, diced finely, 6 ounces heavy cream, 6 ounces chicken broth, 3 asparagus stalks, Aged balsamic vinegar, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Potato Cappuccino Soup, picturelink: null}, 16842: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Test your oven with an oven thermometer to be sure its accuratenScore the fat on the pork diagonally with a sharp knife in a crosshatch pattern. With a small paring knife, make a dozen 12inchdeep cuts in the top and sides of the pork to allow the seasonings to permeate the meat.nPlace the garlic, onion, jalapeno, and oregano in a food processor and process until the ingredients are finely chopped. Add the cumin, chile powder, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 12 teaspoons pepper and process for 30 seconds to make a paste. Add the vinegar and olive oil and process to incorporate. Rub the mixture all over the pork, including the sides and the bottom, and place the pork in a large roasting pan, fat side up. Pour 2 cups of the wine into the pan and cover the whole roasting pan tightly with aluminum foil. Roast for 2 12 hours, remove the foil, and roast for another 4 to 4 12 hours, until the meat is very, very tender when tested with a carving fork. Every 2 hours, add another cup of wine to keep some liquid in the pan.nRemove the pan from the oven, cover it tightly with aluminum foil, and allow the meat to rest for 15 to 30 minutes. Slice, sprinkle with salt, and serve with lime wedges on the side., ingredients: [1 7 to 9pound bonein pork butt with a layer of fat on top, 6 garlic cloves, 1 large yellow onion, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, ribs removed, seeded, and chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 12 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons chipotle chile powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 14 cup good olive oil, 1 750 ml bottle dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, Lime wedges, for serving], title: SlowRoasted Spiced Pork, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 16843: {instructions: Mix all together and spoon on top of scallops. Garnish with a little more wasabi tobiko. Plate on crushed ice or rock salt., ingredients: [12 shucked scallops small or singing, 1 minced shallot, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon wasabi tobiko], title: Scallops on the Half Shell with Wasabi Lime Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 16844: {instructions: Fill blender halfway with ice cubes. Add rum, coconut cream, coconut milk and pineapple chunks. Puree.nServe, garnished with a slice of pineapple and maraschino cherry, if desired., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 12 cup rum, 12 cup coconut cream, 14 cup coconut milk, 14 cup pineapple chunks, Sliced pineapple, for garnish, optional, Maraschino cherry, for garnish, optional], title: Pina Colada, picturelink: wCkNu8z7aiiNeyNKly3k1tu.Box5ie}, 16845: {instructions: In a medium bowl add the berries and douse with the liqueur. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of sugar and let the berries macerate to get their juices flowing.nIn a large bowl, add the cream, 2 tablespoons of the remaining sugar and almond extract. Beat the cream with a whisk or electric beater until the cream forms peaks.nServe the berries in dessert dishes topped with whipped cream and crushed amaretti cookies., ingredients: [2 pints strawberries, hulled and halved, 2 ounces orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup whipping cream, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 12 amaretti cookies, unwrapped and lightly crushed], title: Berries with Almond Cream and Amaretti, picturelink: null}, 16846: {instructions: Scald the milk. Cool to room temperature and pour into a large bowl. Stir in sugar, salt and yeast. Let stand 2 minutes. Beat in the eggs, mashed potatoes and 112 cups of flour until just mixed. Do not over beat. Let stand for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, melt 12 cup butter and cool to lukewarm. Add the melted butter to the yeast mixture. Stir in the remaining flour one cup at a time until smooth and sticky. Transfer the dough to a floured board and knead for 2 minutes, adding more flour if needed. Transfer to a greased bowl, cover and let rise until dough is tripled in volume, about 2 hours. Melt another 12 cup of butter in a small saucepan. Divide the dough in half and roll each half into a rectangle 14inch thick. Brush with melted butter. Combine 12 cup brown sugar with the cinnamon and sprinkle over dough. Roll the rectangle up like a jelly roll and slice into 1inch thick pieces. It should yield approximately 9 pieces per roll. Melt the remaining 34 cup butter with the 2 cups dark brown sugar in a saucepan over medium heat. Divide the mixture between 2 greased 8inch pans. Sprinkle the nuts over the sugar mixture. Place rolls flat side down on top of the nuts. Cover with a flourrubbed dish towel and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 1 hour. Bake in a 350 degree preheated oven until golden brown. Invert onto serving dish and carefully remove the pan allowing the caramel to run over to of buns., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 ounce yeast, 2 eggs lightly beaten, 1 cup mashed potatoes, 512 cups allpurpose flour, 1 34 cups butter, plus butter for greasing pans, 2 12 cups dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 1 12 cups chopped pecans], title: Chicago Sticky Buns, picturelink: null}, 16847: {instructions: To make turkey: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Remove and discard giblets and neck from turkey. Rinse turkey with cold water pat dry. Trim excess fat. Starting at neck cavity, loosen skin from breast and drumsticks by inserting fingers, gently pushing between skin and meat.nCombine cumin and next 5 ingredients cumin through tumeric in a bowl. Rub cumin mixture under loosened skin and inside body cavity. Tie ends of legs with cord. Lift wing tips up and over back tuck under turkey.nPlace turkey on a broiler pan coated with cooking spray or on a rack set in a shallow roasting pan. Insert meat thermometer into meaty part of thigh, making sure not to touch bone. Bake at 350 degrees for 3 hours or until thermometer registers 180 degrees. Cover loosely with foil if it gets too brown.nCombine boiling water and chipotle chiles in a small bowl cover and let stand 30 minutes or until soft. Drain, discard stems, seeds, and membranes. Combine chiles and 12 cup broth in a blender, and process until smooth. Set aside.nRemove turkey from oven. Cover turkey loosely with foil let stand at least 10 minutes before carving.nPlace a ziptop plastic bag inside a 2cup glass measure. Pour drippings into bag let stand 10 minutes fat will rise to the top. Seal bag, and carefully snip off 1 bottom corner of bag. Drain drippings into a medium saucepan, stopping before fat layer reaches opening discard fat. Add 3 cups broth to drippings. Bring to a boil cook until reduced to 3 cups about 6 minutes. Stir in chile mixture, tomato paste, and Worcestershire sauce. Combine 14 cup broth and flour in a small bowl, stirring with a whisk, and add to chile mixture in saucepan. Bring to a boil reduce heat, and simmer for 10 minutes. Strain mixture through a sieve over a bowl and discard solids. Serve sauce with turkey. Garnish with fresh chiles and herbs, if desired, ingredients: [1 12pound fresh or frozen turkey, thawed, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon dried rubbed sage, 34 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon ground red pepper, 14 teaspoon ground tumeric, Cooking spray, 12 cup boiling water, 1 to 2 chipotle chiles, 3 34 cups fatfree, lesssodium chicken broth, divided, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup allpurpose flour, Chile peppers, Assorted herb sprigs optional], title: Arizona Turkey with Chipotle Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16848: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nEvenly space the bacon on a baking sheet lined with a wire rack and bake until crispy, 15 to 18 minutes. Drain the bacon on paper towels, reserving the bacon fat from the pan. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Once cooled, finely mince the bacon.nFor the caper spread: In a bowl, combine the cream cheese, capers, chives and honey mustard, and season with salt and pepper. With a rubber spatula, mix all the ingredients until combined. Adjust the seasoning if necessary.nFor the sandwich build: Cut the crusts from the bread. Brush slices on one side with the reserved bacon fat and transfer to the oven to warm through, about 5 minutes. Smear the fat side of four slices with some caper spread. Layer with 1 12 ounces of smoked salmon, some red onion, tomato, minced bacon and arugula. Top with another slice of bread and cut each sandwich into thirds, to make finger sandwiches., ingredients: [8 slices maple bacon, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened to room temperature, 3 tablespoons capers in brine, drained and chopped, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons honey mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices pumpernickel swirl bread, 12 ounces sliced smoked salmon, 1 small red onion, sliced very thinly, 1 to 2 small Roma tomatoes, very thinly sliced into rounds, Baby arugula, for topping], title: The SS B.L.T., picturelink: LVYB6DzxrmVqdfKE1imKoZrzye57Q9q}, 16849: {instructions: Sprinkle the chops with 12 teaspoon of the salt and the pepper. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chops and cook, turning occasionally, until browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to the chops to a plate.nAdd the onions and 14 cup water to the skillet and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the onions are very tender, 12 to 15 minutes.nAdd the broth, ginger, thyme, lemon juice, gingersnaps and the remaining 14 teaspoon salt. Return the chops with its juices to the skillet and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, until the sauce bubbles and thickens and the chops are heated through, 3 to 5 minutes.nPer Serving: 303 Cal 41 g Protein 10 g Tot Fat 3 g Sat Fat 5 g Mono Fat 9 g Carb 1 g Fiber 3 g Sugar 60 mg Calcium 2 mg Iron 950 mg Sodium 108 mg Cholesterol, ingredients: [1 teaspoon olive oil, Four 6ounce bonein pork loin chops, 34inch thick, trimmed, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 2 Vidalia onions, thinly sliced, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 4 reducedfat gingersnap cookies, coarsely crushed], title: Smothered Pork Chops with OnionGingersnap Gravy, picturelink: null}, 16850: {instructions: Cook steaks and keep them in one layer in skillet. Remove steaks from skillet and skim all but 1 tablespoon of the fat from the pan juices in the skillet. To skillet add, shallots and minced garlic and cook them for 1 to 2 minutes until softened. Deglaze with Cognac, scraping up bits which cling to skillet. Add stock or canned beef broth and peppercorns. In a small bowl combine cup heavy cream and cornstarch. Whisk cornstarch mixture into sauce and simmer until lightly thickened. Whisk in mustard and pour juices from plate into pan., ingredients: [Pan juices from steak, 4 steaks 11 12 inches thick, 13 cup minced shallot, 1 clove garlic minced, 14 cup Cognac, 2 cups brown stock or canned beef broth, 1 tablespoon black peppercorn, coarsely crushed, 13 cup heavy cream, 4 teaspoons cornstarch, 23 teaspoons Dijon mustard], title: Peppercorn Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16851: {instructions: Blanch the basil in boiling salted water just until wilted, about 10 seconds, then drain and transfer to ice water. Drain again and squeeze dry. Chop roughly. Puree the basil, basil oil, ascorbic acid, and salt in a food processor. If the mixture is too dry to puree, add just enough water to ease the process. Add the butter, in tablespoonsize pieces, and puree until smooth and well blended. Taste and add more salt if desired. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the chives by hand. Refrigerate until firm enough to shape into a log.nPut an 18inch sheet of aluminum foil on your work surface. Spoon the butter down the center of the sheet into a log about 112 inches in diameter. Enclose in foil and twist the ends to make a sealed log, like a Tootsie Roll. Refrigerate for up to 1 week, or freeze for up to 6 months., ingredients: [4 cups firmly packed fresh basil leaves, 14cup basil oil, 18tsp. powdered ascorbic acid vitamin C, sea salt, preferably Gray salt, 1 cup 12lb. unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 Tbs. thinly sliced fresh chives], title: BasilChive Butter, picturelink: null}, 16852: {instructions: Gently fold in 1 cup of the bread crumbs. Form into 2ounce cakes. Coat the cakes with remaining 1 cup bread crumbs. Saute until golden brown on both sides. Place some Asian Slaw on a plate. Top with the crab cakes and Wasabi Mayonnaise.nIn a large bowl, combine the cabbage and carrots. In a separate bowl, mix the remaining ingredients together. Pour the vinegar mixture over the cabbage and carrots and mix well. Marinate, refrigerated, for 6 hours.nCombine the wasabi paste and mayonnaise and mix well. Adjust consistency with heavy cream, the consistency should be that of a thick sauce., ingredients: [2 heaping tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 pound jumbo lump crab meat, 1 teaspoon sauteed fresh ginger, 1 medium zucchini, skin only, finely diced, 1 red bell pepper, finely diced, 1 medium yellow squash, skin only, finely diced, 1 teaspoon chopped chives, 1 cup coarse Japanese bread crumbs, plus 1 cup, Salt and pepper, Asian Slaw, recipe follows, Wasabi Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 1 head Napa cabbage, julienned, 1 large carrot, shredded, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 14 cup sugar, Salt and pepper, 4 ounces wasabi paste, 8 ounces mayonnaise, Heavy cream], title: Chadwicks Crab Cakes with Slaw and Wasabi Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 16853: {instructions: If you use refrigerated fruit, allow it to come to room temperature a few hours before dipping it in the hot caramel. If you use cold fruit, condensation will form, creating moisture that will cause the sugar to melt. It is best to make these within three hours of the time you plan to serve them. Since fruit is mostly water, its moisture will cause the sugar to melt, which makes the treats sticky and gooey. When working with caramel, be sure to have a bowl of cold water on hand. If you get hot sugar on your fingers, immediately dip them in cold water to remove it and avoid a burnnPlace the water, sugar, and corn syrup in a 2quart heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat. The corn syrup will make the cooked sugar harder and crunchier it will also help prevent the cooked sugar from melting as quickly when it reacts to thenhumidity in the air. Insert a candy thermometer and cook the sugar mixture to 311 degrees Fn155 degrees C, what is known as the hard crack stage. Stir the sugar slowly as it cooks to ensure that it cooks evenly. If you do not stir it, the mixture will develop hot spots and the sugar will cook faster in those spots. Use a pastry brush to keep the inside of the saucepan clean as the sugar cooks, or the sugar may recrystallize. To do this, dip a clean brush in cold water and brush the inside of the pan clean.nRemove the cooked sugar from the heat and pour it into a mediumsize heatproof glass bowl. The glass bowl will hold the temperature and stop the cooking process. It will also allow you to reheat the sugar in the microwave if necessary. If you leave the sugar in the saucepan, the sugar will continue to cook and turn dark brown. Occasionally stir the hot sugar to keep it from darkening due to the residual heat. Stirring also helps to keep its temperature even. I put a towel under the bowl to keep it from tipping and to protect my hands from the heat of the glass.nPeel, core or pit, and halve the fruit as necessary. Use a sharp knife to slice the fruit into small pieces. This is not necessary for berries or grapes. Arrange the fruit on toothpicks or small skewers in any combination you like. Leave enough room at one end of the toothpick or skewer so you will be able to hold it as you dip it in the hot sugar. Dip each toothpick in the hot sugar, coating the fruits completely. Wipe the toothpick against the rim of the bowl to remove any excess sugar and place on a sheet of parchment paper. Repeat until all of the fruit has been dipped. The fruit skewers should release easily from the parchment paper as soon as they cool. You can arrange them on a plate or use your imagination to make a fruit skewer centerpiece.nTo cool a hot thermometer, stand it upright in a tall container. Do not put in cold water, or it will break. Keeping it upright ensures the mercury will not separate as it cools. I usually buy the thermometers that come in a metal casing or cage. Always hang your thermometer when it is time to store it, ingredients: [12 cup water, 2 14 cups granulated sugar, 23 cup light corn syrup, Fresh fruit], title: CaramelDipped Fruit, picturelink: null}, 16854: {instructions: Fill a bowl with cold water juice lemon into water set aside. Trim artichoke tops trim tough stems halve lengthwise. Trim any pink choke from center, leaving halfintact. Transfer to acidulated water.nBring a saucepan of water to a boil over high heat. Drain artichokes add to boilingnwater. Reduce heat to medium gently simmer artichokes until just tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain set aside.nToss artichokes with 12 cup vinaigrette transfer to a serving dish. Strip leaves from 1 thyme sprig. Sprinkle on artichokes use remaining sprigs for garnish. Transfer remaining vinaigrette to a serving bowl serve with artichokes.nLemon Vinaigrette:n1 shallot, finely choppedn2 tablespoons Dijon mustardn4 tablespoons whitewine vinegarn3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juicenCoarse salt and freshly ground peppern34 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oiln1 tablespoon finely chopped tarragon leavesnIn a bowl, whisk shallot, mustard, vinegar, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Slowly add oil while whisking. Stir in tarragon.nYield: about 1 cup, ingredients: [1 lemon, 2 pounds baby artichokes, tough outer leaves removed, Lemon Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 4 sprigs thyme], title: Marinated Artichokes Hearts, picturelink: null}, 16855: {instructions: For the chicken:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut a 2 to 3inch pocket in each chicken breast, and insert a wedge of Brie deep into each pocket and is covered with the top of the pocket.nIn a large mixing bowl, add all the dried herbs and spices. Add the chicken and gently toss the in the mixture, coating evenly keeping the cheese in the pocket. In a large skillet over high heat, add oil and sear the chicken on both sides until dark brown, but not burned, normally 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Put the skillet in the oven to bake until cooked through, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove the chicken from the oven to a cutting board and let rest for 3 to 4 minutes.nFor the salad:nDice the heirloom tomatoes and add them to a large mixing bowl. Stir in the next 4 ingredients. Toss to combine and add the fresh basil just before serving.nSlice the chicken and arrange on a serving platter. Serve with the tomato salad.nGreat simple lunch or dinner., ingredients: [6 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 3 ounces chilled Brie cheese, divided into 6 wedges, skinon, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 12 tablespoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon garlic powder, 18 teaspoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon dried thyme, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 8 to 10 heirloom tomatoes, 1 red onion, sliced thinly, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons light olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons chopped or torn fresh basil leaves], title: Brie Stuffed Blackened Chicken with Heirloom Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 16856: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large frying pan, reserving the fat.nRip up 1 slice of the white sharp cheddar and 1 slice of the yellow sharp cheddar and fold into the middle of each burger. Form 4 patties around the cheese. Season the beef with the salt and pepper.nCook the patties in the bacon fat. Before they finish, melt a slice of the horseradish cheddar and a slice of the yellow mild cheddar on each burger. Cover the pan or tent to help the cheese melt.nBUILD YOUR BURGER: Bottom bun, lettuce, cheeseburger, bacon slices, onions, top bun. A gratuitous number of cheddars No. Five would be crazy. But what are you going to do, three No. Fours your number., ingredients: [1 pound bacon, 1 pound ground beef, 4 slices white sharp cheddar, 4 slices yellow sharp cheddar, 4 slices white mild horseradish cheddar, 4 slices yellow mild cheddar Try sweet red cheddar if you can find it, 4 buns, Green leaf lettuce, 1 medium white onion, sliced], title: Dont You Four Cheddar Bout Me Burger, picturelink: null}, 16857: {instructions: Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a saucepan and add the shallots. Cook briefly, stirring, and add the mushrooms. Cook until wilted and add the salt, pepper, and wine. Add the scallops and bring to the boil. Cook until all the scallops are heated through, stirring gently as necessary. Take care not to let the scallops overcook or they will toughen. Using a slotted spoon, remove and set aside the scallops and mushrooms. Reserve the liquid. There should be about 34 cup of liquid. Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a saucepan and add the flour, stirring rapidly with a wire whisk. When blended add the reserved liquid, stirring until thickened and smooth. Add the milk and 1 cup of the cream. Cook for about 5 minutes. Add salt and pepper to taste and a pinch of cayenne. Whip the remaining 2 tablespoons of heavy cream. Fold it into the sauce. Use 6 individual scallop shells or ramekins. Spoon equal portions of the scallops and mushrooms into each shell. Spoon the sauce over the scallop mixture. Preheat the broiler to high. Place the filled shells under the broiler about 6 inches from the source of heat and bake until a nice brown glaze forms on top. As the scallops broil, turn shells occasionally for even browning, about 5 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallots, 2 cups thinly sliced mushrooms, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 pound sea or bay scallops, 2 tablespoons flour, 12 cup milk, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, Pinch cayenne], title: Coquilles St. Jacques Scallops with Mushrooms in Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16858: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 egg cups an egg topper, optionalnFor the twists: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and spray lightly with nonstick spray.nWhisk together the eggs, mustard and a splash of water until smooth sprinkle with salt and pepper. Set aside.nDust a work surface with flour and roll out the puff pastry to a 10by14inch rectangle with the shorter side facing you. Spread the cheese over the top half of the dough, then fold the bottom half over the cheese half and roll lightly to seal. Cut the dough vertically into 12 even strips each strip will be slightly thinner than 1 inch.nPlace a bacon strip on each pastry strip and twist the pastry and bacon together. Place the twists on the prepared baking sheet, pressing down the ends. Brush the tops with some of the egg wash and sprinkle with salt and sesame seeds or poppy seeds or both.nBake until the pastry is golden brown and the bacon is crisp, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the baking sheet to a rack and let cool for 5 minutes before removing.nFor the eggs: Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil over mediumhigh heat there should be enough water to cover the eggs by at least 1 inch. Using tongs, gently place eggs in the water and boil for 5 12 minutes for softcooked eggs the whites will be set, but the yolks will be very runny.nTransfer the saucepan to the sink, pour off most of the water, and then run under cold water for 30 seconds. Set the softboiled eggs in egg cups use an egg topper to slice off the tops of the shells, or tap around the shells with a small spoon to break and peel off. Season lightly with salt and pepper, and serve with the twists for dipping in the yolks., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed but chilled, Flour, for rolling, 12 cup grated sharp white Cheddar, 12 strips bacon, Sesame seeds or poppy seeds, optional, 4 large eggs, Salt and pepper], title: BaconCheddar Twists with SoftCooked Eggs, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 16859: {instructions: For the shrimp gravy: Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large saucepot over mediumhigh heat and saute the shrimp until just pink, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the pot with a slotted spoon to leave all of the shrimpy flavor and reserve.nAdd the remaining 10 tablespoons butter and the shallots to the same pot and cook until softened, without browning, 3 to 5 minutes. Mix in the tomato paste, cooking 1 minute. Stir in the flour and continue cooking until the flour has cooked out but does not brown, 2 minutes.nDeglaze the pot with the sherry, scraping up any flour from the bottom of the pan. Slowly whisk in the hot shrimp stock in stages to avoid lumps. Then add in the heavy cream and thyme and continue simmering until thick and creamy, 15 to 20 minutes. The sauce should be thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Season with salt and pepper and keep warm on the stovetop until ready to use, adding the shrimp back in just before serving.nFor the fries: Add oil to a Dutch oven and heat to 340 degrees F temperature will lower when you add the first batch and thats ok. Working in batches, fry the potatoes 2 minutes and transfer to a wire rack on a baking sheet. Let them cool slightly while increasing the temperature of the oil to 375 degrees F. Return the fries to the hot oil and fry until golden brown and crispy, 1 to 2 minutes. The double fry is the secret to crispy fries. Transfer to another baking sheet with a wire rack and season with salt and pepper.nPlate the fries in a shallow bowl and top with the cheese curds. Pour the shrimp gravy over the top, garnish with thyme and lemon wedges and enjoy, ingredients: [10 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 stick plus 2 tablespoons, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled, deveined and split lengthwise, 2 shallots, minced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry sherry, 4 cups shrimp stock, heated, 1 cup heavy cream, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, plus more for garnish, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 12 pounds russet potatoes with skin on, washed, dried and cut lengthwise into fries, 8 ounces cheese curds, broken up if large, for serving, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Shrimp Bisque Poutine, picturelink: f9Iwi5Ll5cAD8mxCzJkqZrzL9gccrk2}, 16860: {instructions: Peel the cucumbers, trim the ends, cut in half lengthwise and scrape out the watery area where seeds would be. Coarsely chop. Crush the garlic and 14 teaspoon of the salt to a paste with the side of a chefs knife. Combine the cucumber, garlic, remaining salt, and the buttermilk in a blender and process until completely smooth. Add half of each of the herbs and the cayenne and pulse several times to combine. Transfer soup to a bowl, cover, and refrigerate for 1 hour or until thoroughly chilled. Before serving, season with salt, pepper, and lemon if desired. Divide among 4 soup bowls and sprinkle with the remaining herbs. Serve., ingredients: [Two 14 to 16 ounce English seedless cucumbers, 12 clove garlic, minced, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt plus more to taste, 1 small scallion, trimmed and chopped, 2 cups buttermilk or 1 cup milk plus 1 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon minced fresh mint, 1 teaspoon minced fresh dill, 1 teaspoon minced flatleaf parsley, Large pinch cayenne pepper plus more to taste, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, Freshly squeezed lemon juice, to taste optional], title: Cool Cucumber Soup, picturelink: null}, 16861: {instructions: Add 2 large scoops ice cream to a dessert boat. Remove the lid from the dessert topping jar and heat in microwave for 20 to 30 seconds. Pour warm sauce over ice cream. Top each scoop of ice cream with a big swirl of whipped cream and a cherry. Add 2 spoons and a special someone and this dessert makes a sweet end or beginning to a great date night, at home, ingredients: [2 large scoops caramel stripe ice cream or French vanilla ice cream, 12 cup butterscotch or caramel dessert topping, 1 canister whipped cream, 2 cherries], title: Sundae Date Boats, picturelink: null}, 16862: {instructions: Prepare the romesco sauce: If using a dried pepper, remove the stem and seeds from the pepper and soak in warm water for 1 hour, or until softened. Scrape off the flesh and discard skin. If using a roasted pepper, remove the charred skin, stem, and seeds, and chop. Set aside.nIn a food processor, finely chop the bread and almonds. Add the salt, pepper, garlic, tomato and reserved flesh of the pepper. Process to a smooth paste. With the motor running, add the olive oil in a thin stream, until mixture is the consistency of a thick, creamy sauce. Add the warm water as needed to help thin the sauce if necessary. Adjust the seasonings, transfer to a bowl and set aside at room temperature or chill until ready to serve.nPreheat a grill or broiler, and preheat an oven to 400 degrees F. Trim the roots off the onions and spread them over the grill. Grill the onions until charred all over but not dried out, turning frequently. Transfer the onions to a large roasting pan, cover tightly and roast in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes. Serve the onions steaming hot, strip back the charred outer skin, dip the onions in the romesco sauce, eat the white bottoms and discard the top., ingredients: [1 sweet dried red romesco pepper, or substitute a roasted red bell pepper, 1 slice bread, toasted, 10 blanched almonds, toasted, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 tomato, peeled, seeded and chopped, 13 cup olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons warm water, 12 to 16 knob onions, or calcots], title: Grilled Knob Onions with Romesco Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16863: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the cookie mix with the cream cheese until crumbly. Mix in the eggs and flavoring until well combined. Add enough flour to make a firm dough that can be rolled out. Roll dough out on lightly floured board to 14inch thickness. Cut out snow flakes, doves, or other desired shapes.nPlace on ungreased baking sheet and bake for about 8 minutes.nWhile the cookies are baking, make the icing by combining powdered sugar and meringue powder. Add 1 teaspoon of water at a time until it reaches desired consistency.nDecorate cookies with royal icing. Allow to dry for 1 hour., ingredients: [17.5ounce package dry sugar cookie mix, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract or other flavoring, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon meringue powder, Water, for icing consistency], title: Snow Flakes and Peace Doves CutOut Cookies, picturelink: null}, 16864: {instructions: Pour milk in a large pan, and cook on high heat. When milk starts boiling, remove from heat. Put a large empty bowl and another one filled with ice the refrigerator. Pour egg yolks and sugar into an electric mixer and mix until it becomes thick and white. Leave aside. Put milk back on heat and bring to boil. Pour a little milk into egg and sugar mix whipping constantly. Pour into milk pan and cook at low temperature stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until firm consistency about 5 minutes. Do not bring to boil. To check if creme is ready, rub your finger on the back of the spoon and if it leaves a trace, the creme is cooked. Add the pistachio paste. Put the bowl on ice to stop the cooking process. Cover and refrigerate for several hours., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 6 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon pistachio paste], title: Pistachio Creme Anglaise, picturelink: null}, 16865: {instructions: Cheesecaken1. Beat cream cheese, sugar, vanilla, and eggs until smoothnCarrot Cake Battern1. Soak carrots and raisins in 1 cup HOT tap water for 5 mins. Drain and squeeze out excess water.n2. Mix dry mix, eggs, oil, drained carrots, coconut, pineapple and walnuts.nAssemble Caken1. Spread 2 cups batter on bottom of 9 or 9 12 springform pan. Reserve remaining batter.n2. Layer 12 of cheesecake batter on top of carrot cake batter. Spoon on remaining carrot cake batter and top with remaining cheesecake filling.n3. Bake in a 350degree preheated oven for 5060 mins. Allow to cool completely. Top with Duncan Hines Cream Cheese Frosting. Refrigerate and serve.ndocument.writeunescape3Cscript src  document.location.protocol  https:  https:sb : http:b  .scorecardresearch.combeacon.jsc13c26035648c34900c4604c5700c6 3E3Cscript3E, ingredients: [1 box Duncan Hinesu00ae Decadent Carrot Cake, 1 cup hot tap water for soaking carrots and raisins, 2 eggs, 14 cup vegetable oil, 8 12 oz can crushed pineapple, packed in juice, drained well, 12 cup coconut optional, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 2 8oz packages cream cheese, 34 cup sugar, 2 12 teaspoons of vanilla extract, 3 eggs, 1 tub Duncan Hinesu00ae Creamy HomeStyle Cream Cheese Frosting], title: Carrot Cake Cheesecake, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 16866: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce: In a large skillet, heat the olive oil. Add the garlic and onions and season with salt and the red pepper flakes. Cook until the onions become translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the sugar and the canned tomatoes. Use a wooden spoon to break up some of the whole tomatoes and cook 10 to 15 minutes over medium heat, stirring from time to time. Taste for seasoning. The tomatoes should be fairly broken down and the flavors coming together. Cook for another few minutes if the tomatoes still taste like they need a little more time to break down. Add 2 to 3 cups water to the sauce as it cooks if it looks like its getting too thick. Set aside to cool.nFor the eggplant: Arrange the eggplant rounds in a single layer on 2 baking sheets. Sprinkle with salt, on both sides of each slice, and allow it to sit for about an hour. Salting it draws out the liquid and bitter flavor. After an hour, rinse with cold water and dry them thoroughly with a kitchen towel.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPut the flour in a medium bowl. In another, whisk together the eggs and milk. In a third bowl, combine the breadcrumbs with the oregano and fresh thyme leaves. Dip each eggplant slice in the flour and shake off any excess. Then, dip in the egg mixture and finally in the breadcrumbs. Make sure to coat both sides of each slice. Arrange them in single layers back on the baking sheets.nIn a large skillet, pour enough oil to accumulate about 12inch in the bottom. Heat the oil until it begins to smoke lightly alternatively, test with a thermometer and wait until it registers between 380 and 400 degrees F. Use a pair of kitchen tongs to add a single layer of the eggplant to the oil. Cook them until they are golden brown, about 2 minutes on each side. Remove from the oil and transfer to a baking sheet fitted with a kitchen towel so the eggplant can drain as the others cook. Season lightly with salt. Take care to reheat the oil back up to temperature before adding another batch of slices to the pan.nTo assemble: In a 17 by 11inch baking dish, spoon about onequarter of the tomato sauce on the bottom. Top with a layer of the fried eggplant. The eggplant slices can overlap slightly. Top with about one of the mozzarella slices. Sprinkle with about onequarter of the Parmesan and provolone cheeses. Spoon more sauce and repeat two more times to make 3 layers. Top with the remaining mozzarella. Place the dish in the top part of the oven and cook until the cheese is melted and bubbly, 30 to 45 minutes. I always nibble on a bit of that before sharing it with my friends Serve in a bowl so that you dont miss anything, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and pressed or grated, 3 medium yellow onions, peeled, halved and cut into thin slices, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, Three 28ounce cans whole San Marzano plum tomatoes, 2 medium eggplants about 2 12 pounds total, washed and cut into 12inchthick rounds, Kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 5 large eggs, 3 tablespoons whole milk, 5 cups Italianstyle breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, Vegetable oil, for frying, as needed 1 12 to 2 cups, 1 12 pounds mozzarella, cut into thin slices or torn into thick slices, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup grated provolone], title: Eggplant Parmigiana 2, picturelink: WehpT6ddNrlYGdlU5ieGZ8oDvjydjLq}, 16867: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallot, garlic and cinnamon and cook, stirring, about 1 minute. Add the beef, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 3 minutes. Add the tomato paste, chopped tomato, raisins and olives and cook, stirring, 2 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Let the mixture cool completely.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F and brush a baking sheet lightly with vegetable oil. On a floured surface, roll out the dough and fill the dinner pockets. Stepbystep directions.nPlace the pockets seamside down on the prepared baking sheet. Beat the egg and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl brush the pockets with the egg wash. Bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes.nPhotograph by Carrie Purcell, ingredients: [2 teaspoons vegetable oil, plus more for brushing, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, Pinch of ground cinnamon, 12 pound ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 3 tablespoons chopped tomato, 3 tablespoons golden raisins, 3 large pimientostuffed olives, finely chopped, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 11ounce tube refrigerated French bread dough, 1 large egg], title: Picadillo Pockets, picturelink: 9i9xoWQNbebgezKMXEA7dE.aO.MTZO}, 16868: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Trim the artichokes by cutting off the top 1inch or so. Cut the stem close to the base of the artichoke so the artichoke can sit up straight, and remove some of the bottom leaves. Using kitchen shears, trim the sharp points off of any remaining outer leaves. Add the artichokes to the boiling water. Halve the lemons and squeeze the juice into the boiling water. Toss in the lemons. Cook the artichokes until tender, about 30 minutes. Drain the artichokes and let cool.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl stir together the Gorgonzola, cream, thyme, 2 teaspoons parsley, garlic, salt, and pepper. In another small bowl stir together the bread crumbs and remaining 1 tablespoon of parsley.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Remove the center choke of the artichokes using a small spoon. Stuff the cheese mixture into the center of the artichokes. Place the artichokes into a baking dish. Sprinkle the bread crumb mixture over the top of the artichokes. Drizzle the tops of the artichokes with olive oil. Bake until the artichokes are heated through, the cheese is melted, and the bread crumbs are crisp and golden, about 25 minutes. Transfer the artichokes to a serving dish and serve., ingredients: [Salt, 4 artichokes, 3 lemons, plus 1 lemon, 10 ounces mild Gorgonzola cheese, room temperature, 2 tablespoons cream, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Baked Artichokes with Gorgonzola and Herbs, picturelink: 4u92xp3ezF0mQwZRUykyx6aBlN6Kzmm}, 16869: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, beat egg whites and salt to soft peaks, then add sugar and beat again until peaks are stiff. Beat in almond flavoring. Using a rubber spatula or wooden spoon, stir in half of the coconut. Sprinkle in the nutmeg and flour, stir, then fold in the remaining coconut.nUsing a melon baller or other small scoop, or working with 2 spoons, form 9 snowballs a couple of inches apart on each of 2 cookie sheets. Bake snowballs 12 to 15 minutes, until lightly golden. Remove from oven and garnish each snowball with half a cherry and a couple of slivered almonds. Transfer to a rack or serving plate to cool., ingredients: [2 egg whites, Pinch coarse salt, 13 cup sugar, eyeball it, 1 12 cups, about 6 ounces, shredded coconut, 1 teaspoon almond extract, eyeball it, 14 teaspoon grated or ground nutmeg, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 9 candied red cherries, halved, 14 cup sliced almonds], title: Almond Snowballs, picturelink: nA7V5iQqaFcIEQQ0MKqVdUioieXjPu}, 16870: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the rice cereal, snap peas, chow mein noodles, almonds and sesame sticks together in a large bowl. Whisk the butter, soy sauce, brown sugar, vinegar, garlic, fivespice, pepper flakes and 12 teaspoon salt in a separate bowl. Pour the sauce over the snack mix and toss to coat well. Spread out on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until the mix is toasted and almost completely dry, 16 to 18 minutes, tossing about halfway through.nRemove from the oven and stir in the wasabi peas. Let cool completely, and then store in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [3 cups crisp rice cereal, such as Rice Chex about 3 ounces, 3 cups dried snap peas about 3 ounces, 2 cups crunchy chow mein noodles about 4 ounces, 1 12 cups roasted and salted almonds about 7 ounces, 1 12 cups sesame sticks about 4 ounces, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, finely grated, 12 teaspoon Chinese fivespice, Pinch red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups wasabi peas about 6 ounces], title: Chinese TakeOut Snack Mix, picturelink: uHc8UOkFhFUtLuUzdWUwYvfNq1zWi1G}, 16871: {instructions: Toss all ingredients in a nonreactive bowl. Refrigerate for 2 hours to allow flavors to marry. Serve chilled., ingredients: [2 cups diced red tomatoes, 12 cup diced white onion, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons seeded and finely chopped jalapeno pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons lime juice], title: Pico de Gallo, picturelink: null}, 16872: {instructions: Prepare the topping: In a food processor, pulse the flour and butter until the texture of coarse cornmeal. Remove to a bowl and toss with remaining ingredients until mixed. This can be refrigerated for 1 week or frozen for 6 months.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 10 by 8inch casserole dish.nPrepare fruit filling: Combine all ingredients in a bowl and mix well. To assemble: Place the fruit filling in the buttered dish. Cover the filling with a 34inch layer or more of the topping.nBake until bubbling and the fruit in the middle is tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve warm for best flavor. Serve with ice cream, if desired., ingredients: [14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsalted butter, 14 cup rolled oats, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup chopped pecans or walnuts, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 12 pounds blackberries and loganberries any other berries will do, 12 pound peeled, thinly sliced nectarines, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, or to taste, 13 cup sugar, or to taste, 2 teaspoons cornstarch], title: NectarineBerry Crisp, picturelink: null}, 16873: {instructions: Fill glass with ice. Add Smirnoff Orange Flavored Vodka, blue curacao, orange juice, and pineapple juice. Stir well. Garnish with orange slice., ingredients: [1 oz. Smirnoff Orange Vodka, 1 oz. blue curacao, 2 oz. orange juice, 1 oz. pineapple juice, 1 slices orange], title: Blue Hawaiian, picturelink: null}, 16874: {instructions: Preheat a grill for indirect and direct cooking at medium heat. For gas grills with 3 or more burners, turn all the burners to mediumhigh heat after about 15 minutes turn off one of the middle burners and turn the remaining burners down to medium. For charcoal grills, bank one chimney starterfull of lit and ashedover charcoal briquettes to one side of the grill. Set up a drip pan on the other side to avoid flareups. Be sure to consult the grill manufacturers guide for best results.nHalve the onions through the root and peel. Cut one half into two wedges. Slice the remaining onion half into 18inch halfmoons and reserve for pickling. Drizzle the tomato halves and onion wedges with vegetable oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the tomato and onion wedges on the hot side of the grill, covered, until dark grill marks appear, about 5 minutes per side.nPlace the grilled tomato and onion in a food processor, along with the 14 cup vegetable oil, chopped cilantro, smoked paprika, brown sugar, cumin, oregano, garlic, chipotle peppers, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper. Blend until smooth. Transfer to a large bowl and add the beef chunks. Toss to coat.nLay out a large doublelayered sheet of extrawide heavyduty foil. Put the beef in the center. If using regularwidth foil, divide the beef into 2 foil packets. Bring the short ends of the foil together and fold twice to seal fold in the other sides to seal, leaving room for steam. Place on the indirect side of the grill and cover. Cook until the meat is tender and shreddable, 2 12 to 3 hours.nMeanwhile, combine 34 cup cider vinegar, 34 cup water and 1 12 teaspoons salt in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. When the liquid comes to a boil, stir in the reserved sliced onions and turn off the heat. Let cool completely and refrigerate until ready to use.nShred the beef and return to the sauce toss well to coat. Serve with warm grilled tortillas, pickled red onions, and other desired toppings., ingredients: [2 small red onions, 1 plum tomato, halved lengthwise, 14 cup vegetable oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup fresh cilantro leaves and stems, roughly chopped, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 2 teaspoons light brown sugar, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 medium chipotle peppers in adobo, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 3 pounds beef chuck roast, cut into 2inch chunks, Grilled corn tortillas, for serving, Suggested garnishes: sliced avocado, cilantro leaves, sour cream], title: Grilled Beef Barbacoa Tacos, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 16875: {instructions: HEAT oven to 400 degrees F. Combine preserves and water in heavy saucepan. Bring mixture to a boil over medium high heat reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove mixture from heat and stir in lemon juice, salt, nutmeg and cinnamon.nARRANGE sweet potatoes in a baking pan. Using a pastry brush, baste potatoes thoroughly with sauce, using about half the sauce. Bake about 40 minutes, or until tender, basting with remaining sauce about halfway through cooking time., ingredients: [1 12 cups Smuckersu00ae Apricot Preserves, 12 cup water, 2 tsps. lemon juice, 12 tsp. salt, 12 tsp. ground nutmeg, 14 tsp. ground cinnamon, 4 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut lengthwise into eight wedges], title: Spiced Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 16876: {instructions: Lay out the chicken, spreading out the parts as much as possible. Cover generously with 3 tablespoons of the fennel spice, rubbing it into the skin. Place a large pot over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is hot, add 6 tablespoons of the oil and heat to almost smoking. Add the chicken and brown on all sides, about 5 to 6 minutes per side. Add the celery, carrot, onion and bay leaves and sautu00e9 for a few minutes. Add 4 cups of water to the pot, or enough to cover the chicken. Bring to a gentle simmer and cook just until the chicken is almost fully cooked, about 40 minutes. Turn off the heat and cover and let cool. When pan has cooled, place in the fridge overnight.nLift out the cooled chicken and strain the stock, discarding the solids. Refrigerate or freeze the chicken stock for another use.nRemove the skin and bones from the chicken. Shred the meat by hand into rough bitesize pieces.nIn a large bowl, combine the shredded chicken, celery heart, red onion, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, remaining 1 12 teaspoons Fennel Spice Rub, and salt and pepper, to taste. Add more oil, lemon juice, or Fennel Spice Rub, if desired. Add the basil and serve.nPut the fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns in a heavy pan over medium heat. Watch carefully, tossing frequently so the seeds toast evenly. When light brown and fragrant, pour the seeds onto a plate to cool. They must be cool before grinding, or they will gum up the blades.nPour the seeds into a blender and add the salt. Blend to a fine powder, shaking the blender occasionally to redistribute the seeds. Store in a tightly sealed glass jar in a cool, dry place, or freeze., ingredients: [1 chicken, about 3 12 pounds, 3 tablespoons Fennel Spice Rub, recipe follows, plus 1 12 teaspoons, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus 6 tablespoons, 1 large celery rib, halved, 1 large carrot, halved, 1 large yellow onion, quartered, 2 bay leaves, 14 cup thinly sliced celery heart, 14 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 to 3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Sea salt, preferably gray, and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves, 1 cup fennel seeds, 3 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons white peppercorns, 3 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Chicken Salad with Fennel Spice, picturelink: 2dTUxg7nhUUwtnJR9kmS4m6T1CbbI1S}, 16877: {instructions: 2 tablespoons olive oil 1 large Bermuda onion, chopped 14 teaspoon cumin 34 teaspoon curry 2 pounds sweet potatoes, cubed 6 cups chicken stock 1 teaspoon salt 12 teaspoon pepper 2 tablespoons butter 2 Anjou pears, sliced 1 tablespoon fresh jalapeno, diced 1 tablespoon brown sugar 34 cup half and half., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large Bermuda onion, chopped, 14 teaspoon cumin, 34 teaspoon curry, 2 pounds sweet potatoes, cubed, 6 cups chicken stock, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 Anjou pears, sliced, 1 tablespoon fresh jalapeno, diced, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 34 cup half and half], title: Sweet Potato Pear Jalapeno Soup, picturelink: null}, 16878: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 10inch nonstick angel food cake pannFor the cake: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the egg whites, salt and cream of tartar. Using an electric hand mixer, beat on medium speed until frothy. Add the vanilla extract, lemon juice, and lemon zest. Beat on high speed until soft peaks form, about 2 to 4 minutes. Gradually add the sugar and beat until the mixture forms stiff peaks, about 2 minutes longer. Sprinkle the flour over the egg white mixture. Using a spatula, carefully fold in the flour until incorporated. Spoon the batter into an ungreased 10inch nonstick angel food cake pan. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes until the top is browned and a skewer inserted halfway between the inner and outer wall of the pan comes out clean. Invert the pan on a wire rack to cool completely, about 1 hour.nFor the sauce: In a small bowl whisk together the yogurt, honey, and lemon juice until smooth. Pour into a serving pitcher.nUsing a spatula, loosen the cake around the sides and middle. Release the cake and place on a serving plate. Cut into slices and drizzle with the sauce. Garnish with lemon zest and mint sprigs., ingredients: [12 egg whites, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 14 teaspoons cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, plus extra for garnish, 1 12 cups powdered sugar, 1 cup cake flour, Fresh mint sprigs, 1 cup plain yogurt, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Angel Food Cake with Lemon Honey Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: JDBKukixir2aA8qYNiu5LcNTEDDIT2}, 16879: {instructions: COMBINE peanut butter, salsa, chili powder, cumin, garlic powder and water in a 10inch skillet over medium heat, stirring until well combined.nSTIR in cooked pasta. Garnish with cheese just before serving., ingredients: [14 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Reduced Fat Peanut Spread, 1 16 oz. jar chunky salsa, 1 12 teaspoons chili powder, 1 12 teaspoons cumin, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 cup water, 12 pound dry rotelle or rotini pasta 212 cups dry, cooked according to package directions and drained, 12 cup reducedfat shredded Cheddar cheese], title: Twisty Peanut Pasta Skillet, picturelink: null}, 16880: {instructions: Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil. Add a large pinch of salt along with the beans. Cook until tender but firm, about 5 minutes. Drain. Combine the melted butter and tarragon and pour over the beans, tossing gently to mix. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 34 pound green beans, trimmed, 34 pound yellow wax beans, trimmed, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, Freshly ground pepper], title: Green and Yellow Beans with Tarragon, picturelink: null}, 16881: {instructions: For the vinaigrette:nCombine lemon juice, zest, mayonnaise, honey, salt, pepper, basil and olive oil in a blender and blend until smooth. Can be made 1 hour in advance and refrigerated.nFor the mushrooms:nHeat the grill to high.nPlace the mushrooms in a large bowl, add the canola oil and salt and pepper and toss to coat. Skewer mushrooms, 4 on a skewer. Place the mushrooms on the grill, until golden brown and slightly charred, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn over and continue grilling until just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes longer. Remove from the grill to a cutting board and quarter.nPlace the celery and parsley in a large bowl, add half of the vinaigrette and toss to combine, season with salt and pepper. Top with the mushrooms and drizzle with more of the vinaigrette. Squeeze lemon juice over the salad and serve., ingredients: [14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 lemon, zested, 2 tablespoons prepared mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, 12 cup olive oil, 1 lemon, cut in half and grilled, for garnish, 1 pound cremini or white button mushrooms, stems trimmed, 3 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 stalks celery the white stalks from the heart, cut into 18inch thick slices, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Grilled Mushroom and Shaved Celery Heart Salad with Creamy LemonBasil Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 16882: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nWhisk the egg white in a bowl until foamy. Add the BBQ rub and syrup and mix until combined. Add the almonds and cashews to the bowl and mix.nSpread the nut mixture on the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle with a little sugar and cook on the middle rack until golden brown, stirring halfway, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool for 15 to 30 minutes. Store in an airtight container for up to a week., ingredients: [1 large egg white, 2 to 3 tablespoons favorite BBQ rub, 2 to 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 12 cup unsalted raw almonds, 12 cup unsalted raw cashews, Sugar, for sprinkling], title: Eddie Jacksons Housemade BBQ Nuts, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 16883: {instructions: Preheat the grill to medium.nIn a large saucepan, add the potatoes and cover with water. Salt the water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Cook until slightly tender about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the potatoes from the water to a bowl and let cool. Season with 3 tablespoons of olive oil, 1 tablespoon of salt and 1 tablespoon of pepper. Arrange on the preheated grill and mark for 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Remove to a serving bowl and reserve.nIn a small saute pan, toast the pine nuts over medium heat until lightly browned. Remove from the heat and set aside. Cooks Note: No need to oil the pan pine nuts are coated with oil already.nAdd the parsley, oregano, lemon juice, garlic, capers, 1 teaspoon of both salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, and the pine nuts to a food processor. Pulse until the mixture forms a smooth paste. Add to the potatoes and toss to coat well. Serve at room temperature or cold., ingredients: [1 12 pounds fingerling potatoes, cut in 12 lengthwise, Water, 1 tablespoon salt, plus 1 teaspoon, plus more for potato water, 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, plus 1 teaspoon, 14 cup pine nuts, 1 12 cups fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon capers], title: Grilled Potato Salad with Parsley Pesto, picturelink: null}, 16884: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl combine all ingredients and season with salt and pepper. Toss together and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons lime juice, 14 cup chopped red onion, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon hot sauce recommended brand: Franks Red Hot, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 2 roasted red peppers, finely chopped, 14 cup cilantro, leaves only, 2 15ounce cans blackeyed peas, drained, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sunnys Money Salad, picturelink: MjOp7f2WRsSfv1Fr6DxuLM2tAd7ltAO}, 16885: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes Drain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until tender and beginning to brown, about 15 minutes adding salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the marjoram, and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the cooked pasta and the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil and toss with enough reserved cooking liquid, 14 cup at a time, to moisten. Toss with the feta cheese. Season the pasta with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to bowls and serve., ingredients: [1 pound spaghetti, 4 tablespoons Meyer lemon olive oil recommended: Da Vero, 2 large red onions, cut into 14inchthick rings, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh marjoram, 8 ounces feta cheese, cubed, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spaghetti with Sauteed Onions, Feta and Herbs, picturelink: null}, 16886: {instructions: Heat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSplit the Keiser rolls favoring the bottom half a little. Scoop a little of the white soft insides out of the bottoms.nSeason the ricotta with a little salt and pepper. Stir the salami and grated cheese into ricotta. Fill the rolls with the ricotta and salami. Cover the ricotta with mozzarella, tomato and basil. Set covers in place and bake to heat through 10 to 12 minutes. Cut and serve., ingredients: [4 large, crusty Keiser rolls, 1 12 cups ricotta cheese, Salt and pepper, 14 pound salami, chopped, 14 cup ParmigianoReggiano, 8 slices fresh mozzarella, 8 slices vine ripe tomato, 8 fresh basil leaves, torn or sliced], title: Calzone Rolls with Salami, Tomato and Basil, picturelink: o.dCcQYU7j0Lmxb4vEoHQLlLsITnRVe}, 16887: {instructions: For the pepperpot: Wash the stewing beef and pat it dry with paper towels. Cut the meat into cubes around 58inch thick and transfer to a large ovenproof casserole or heavybottomed saucepan. Combine the beef with the liquid, thyme, ginger, onion, garlic, bay leaf, and allspice berries, then adjust the seasonings with salt, and pepper. Bring the ingredients to a boil, skim the froth from the top of the liquid, cover with a lid, reduce the heat, and simmer for 30 minutes.nPeel the yams, sweet potatoes, and pumpkin. Cut the yam into pieces the size of large potato wedges. Cut the sweet potato and pumpkin into 1 12inch chunks. Discard the pumpkin seeds. Bash the green onions with a heavy knife to release their flavor. Dice the chiles wear gloves, and add with the vegetables to the pot along with the coconut milk and lima beans. Stir the ingredients, and simmer gently, covered, for another 25 to 35 minutes, or until the meat and vegetables are tender, and cooked through. Add the greens around 13 minutes before the cooking time is up.nFor the dumplings: Mix the flour and salt together in a mixing bowl, and then gradually stir in the water to form a dough. Pull off 24 small pieces from the dough 1 piece at a time, and roll them into rounds or long pointyended ovals. Cooks Note: If you want bigger dumplings, use a doublesized piece of dough, and roll it into a round, pressing a small indentation into the top of it with your thumb.nDrop the dumplings into the hot pot immediately after rolling, around 8 minutes before the cooking time is up. Taste the dumpling, and add extra salt, and pepper, if necessary., ingredients: [21 ounces welltrimmed stewing beef, preferably from the shin may substitute stewing chicken, 4 12 cups beef stock or water mixed with 2 teaspoons yeast extract, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 4inch piece fresh ginger, very thinly sliced, 1 onion, coarsely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 bay leaf, 6 allspice berries, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 ounces yams or potatoes, 14 ounces sweet potatoes, 16 ounces fresh pumpkin or butternut squash, 4 large green onions, 2 to 4 hot red chiles, preferably Scotch Bonnet, 1 16ounce can coconut milk, 1 16ounce can lima beans, drained and rinsed, 34 cup spinach or callaloo amaranth, washed, stemmed, destalked, and shredded, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, Pinch kosher salt, 4 to 5 tablespoons water], title: Beef Pepperpot Stew with Spillers Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 16888: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small container, combine the warm water and yeast, and stir. In a large bowl combine the flour and salt, and mix together with the yeast and water. Mix together until a dough forms, and knead until smooth and elastic. The dough should be firm with a slight spring. Place dough in an oiled bowl, and cover until dough rises and doubles in size, about 45 minutes to 1 hour.nOnce the dough has risen, scrape dough from bowl onto a floured surface. Knead again, and shape into a disc. Cover dough and let rise again for about 45 minutes.nAfter the second rising, stretch dough out and shape it for your pizza. Dress the pizza as you wish, and bake for approximately 20 minutes., ingredients: [16 ounces warm water, 2 ounces dry packet yeast, 1 14 to 1 12 pounds high gluten flour, 12 ounce salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 16889: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously brush six 6to8ounce ramekins with butter. Combine the cheddar, parmesan, chives, flour and cayenne in a large bowl. Thinly slice the potatoes a little less than 18 inch thick a mandoline works well and add to the cheese mixture. Add 1 teaspoon salt and a pinch of black pepper and toss to combine.nDivide half of the potatocheese mixture among the prepared ramekins, filling them about halfway arrange the potato slices so they go to the edge of the ramekins. Top with half of the cream. Repeat with the remaining potatocheese mixture and cream.nTransfer the ramekins to a baking sheet, cover each with foil and bake until the liquid is bubbly and the potatoes begin to soften but are not completely cooked through, about 40 minutes. Increase the oven temperature to 425 degrees F, uncover the ramekins and bake until the potatoes are tender and golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Run a knife around the edges and let stand 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [Unsalted butter, softened, for the ramekins, 1 14 cups grated sharp white cheddar cheese, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, 14 teaspoon allpurpose flour, Large pinch of cayenne pepper, 1 12 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes 1 12 to 2 inches in diameter, unpeeled, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream], title: Mini Scalloped Potatoes, picturelink: TthRnBI5NlNwZ9U6vlb32Mo.h8Sdy}, 16890: {instructions: Cut melon into slices about the same size as the jicama slices.nArrange jicama and melon on a platter, squeeze lime over fruit, then dust with salt and chile powder, to taste. Eat, ingredients: [1 melon, such as cantaloupe or honeydew, halved, seeded, and rind removed, 1 jicama, peeled, halved and sliced into half moons, 1 lime, halved, Kosher salt, Ground chile powder, such as ancho], title: Jicama and Fruit Antojito, picturelink: null}, 16891: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In large bowl cream together butter, sugar and eggs. In another bowl combine flour and baking powder. Melt chocolate in microwave. Slowly add dry ingredients to wet ingredients. Stir to combine. Add chocolate, milk and coffee. Mix well. Pour into a buttered 8 square baking pan and bake for 30 minutes. Cool before serving., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup sugar, 2 squares unsweetened chocolate, 2 eggs, 1 cup flour, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons brewed coffee], title: Mocha Fudge Brownies, picturelink: kWQKPqhJzJB6Gy9pPUX23wTT17RPyjW}, 16892: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large heavybottomed skillet preferably cast iron over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes and cook, stirring often, until lightly browned, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the bell pepper and zucchini cook, stirring, until just tender, 7 to 8 minutes.nAdd the pork to the skillet and sprinkle with the chili powder. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the pork is heated through, about 2 minutes. Increase the heat to medium high and cook until the pork and vegetables are golden brown, 2 to 3 more minutes. Add the kale, cherry peppers and brine toss until the kale is wilted, about 1 minute. Stir in the basil and season with salt. Remove from the heat and stir in the cheese curds.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound redskinned new potatoes about 4, cut into 12inch chunks, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 small red bell pepper, chopped, 1 medium zucchini, chopped, 3 boneless smoked pork chops about 12 inch thick, 8 ounces each or 1 12 pounds smoked ham steak, cut into 12inch chunks, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 6 cups baby kale about 4 ounces, 2 pickled hot cherry peppers, stemmed, seeded and chopped, plus 1 tablespoon brine from the jar, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, Kosher salt, 1 cup chopped cheddar cheese curds or fresh mozzarella about 6 ounces], title: Smoked Pork Chop Hash, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 16893: {instructions: Melt 3 tablespoons butter with 2 chopped garlic cloves in a saucepan. Slice stale plain bagels crosswise into thin rounds. Brush the tops with melted garlic butter and grated parmesan. Bake 10 minutes at 325 degrees F flip, brush with more butter, sprinkle with grated parmesan and bake 10 more minutes., ingredients: [], title: Garlic Bagel Chips, picturelink: yYMNr7wH6zdvyqDuBqkehVyxamkiVay}, 16894: {instructions: In a large saucepan combine all ingredients except onion and simmer, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes. Add onion and simmer 20 minutes, or until chutney is thickened. Chutney may be made 1 week ahead and chilled, covered.nServe chutney chilled or at room temperature, ingredients: [12ounce bag fresh or unthawed frozen cranberries, picked over, 1 cup quince preserves or apple jelly about 12 ounces, 1 red bell pepper, chopped about 1 cup, 14 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 34 teaspoon ground coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 34 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup raisins, 14 cup cider vinegar, 4inch strip fresh lemon zest, removed with a vegetable peeler, 1 medium onion, sliced about 1 cup], title: Cranberry Quince Chutney, picturelink: null}, 16895: {instructions: Combine 1 goat cheese log, the beet and horseradish in a food processor and puree until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and season with salt and pepper cover and refrigerate.nWipe out the food processor and add the remaining goat cheese log, the herbs and garlic puree until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and season with salt and pepper cover and refrigerate.nWipe out the food processor again and add the cheddar, pimientos, cream cheese, mayonnaise, scallion and hot sauce puree until smooth.nLine a 1quart bowl with plastic wrap, leaving an overhang. Spread the beetcheese mixture in the bottom of the bowl press gently with plastic wrap to smooth it into an even layer. Spread the herbed cheese mixture on top, then the pimiento cheese mixture, pressing each layer with plastic wrap until smooth and even. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour. Uncover and invert onto a platter discard the plastic wrap. Serve with crackers., ingredients: [2 8ounce logs goat cheese, 1 peeled cooked beet jarred, canned or vacuumpacked, 2 tablespoons horseradish, drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 34 cup chopped mixed fresh herbs such as dill, parsley, chives andor tarragon, 1 small clove garlic, chopped, 112 cups grated sharp yellow cheddar cheese about6 ounces, 14 cup chopped pimientos, 14 cup cream cheese about 2 ounces, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 scallion, chopped, 2 to 3 dashes hot sauce, Crackers, for serving], title: Phony Spumoni, picturelink: cIzNvyGBn3zgPZfvCJc6pBteHwY8HKG}, 16896: {instructions: Place pineapple, chile sauce, soy sauce, and crushed red pepper in a crock pot. Mix well.nSeason beef with 18 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon pepper and add to the crock pot. Add onion and stir to coat.nCover and cook on high for 3 to 4 hours or on low for 7 to 8 hours.nSeason with additional crushed red pepper, if desired and serve with tomatoes, if using. Serve with excess sauce and toothpicks. Yum, ingredients: [1 8ounce can crushed pineapple packed in juice, lightly drained, 13 cup sweet Asian chile sauce, 12 teaspoon reducedsodium or lite soy sauce, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, or more to taste, 1 pound raw, lean filet mignon or leanest cut available, cut into about 30 bitesize pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 onion, finely chopped, Cherry tomatoes, for serving, optional, Special equipment: Crock pot], title: SweetHot Steak Bites, picturelink: tqR54t2g8L5saUkwafg7c0f4v6Rvnd6}, 16897: {instructions: For the Flan:nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan combine the 12 cup sugar until with 2 tablespoons water and heat until the sugar is completely dissolved and it turns a golden brown color. Carefully pour the caramelized sugar into the bottom of a 10inch cake pan. Tilt the pan, from side to side, in a circular motion swirling the sugar around so that evenly coats the bottom of the pan. Place the cake pan into a baking dish large enough to accommodate the cake pan and set aside to cool. The sugar will harden as it cools.nIn a large mixing bowl combine eggs, egg yolks, salt, vanilla, remaining 23cup sugar and coconut milk. Whisk until well blended. Pour custard mixture into the cake pan over the caramelized sugar. Place the flan into the oven and pour warm water into the baking dish so that it comes up about 1 12inches up the side of the cake pan. Bake at 325 degrees F for 1 hour or until knife inserted near center comes out clean. Remove from the oven and let cool to room temperature. Chill for at least 1 hour or overnight in the refrigerator. To unmold the flan, run a knife around the edge of the cake pan and invert onto a plate.nFor the Cookies:nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a medium bowl, sift together the flour, sugar, and salt. Beat in the egg whites and melted butter until well incorporated.nSpoon out batter, about 12 a tablespoon at a time, onto a parchment lined baking sheets. Spread cookies into 2 to 3 inch circles about 18inch thick. Sprinkle with coconut and bake 6 minutes or until slightly browned. Allow to cool completely on the baking sheets. Carefully peel from parchment and serve with coconut flan., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, plus 23 cup, 2 tablespoons water, 6 eggs, 2 egg yolks, whites reserved for cookies, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 13.5ounce cans coconut milk, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 reserved egg whites, lightly beaten, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoon sweetened flake coconut], title: Coconut Flan with Crispy Coconut Cookies, picturelink: null}, 16898: {instructions: Spray cooking spray into a small nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Shape the risotto into a round patty and add to the skillet. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes until the risotto is golden brown on the bottom and set around the edges. Use a spatula to turn the risotto patty and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Slide the risotto onto a plate, sprinkle Parmesan on top and serve.nBring the broth to a simmer in a heavy medium saucepan. Add the porcini mushrooms. Set aside until the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes. Keep the broth warm over very low heat.nMelt the butter in a heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add olive oil. Add the onions and saute until tender, about 8 minutes. Add the white mushrooms and garlic. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the porcini mushrooms to a cutting board. Finely chop the mushrooms and add to the saucepan. Saute until the mushrooms are tender and the juices evaporate, about 5 minutes. Stir in the rice and let it toast for a few minutes. Add the wine cook until the liquid is absorbed, stirring often, about 2 minutes. Add 1 cup of hot broth simmer over mediumlow heat until the liquid is absorbed, stirring often, about 3 minutes. Continue to cook until the rice is just tender and the mixture is creamy, adding more broth by cupfuls and stirring often, about 28 minutes the rice will absorb 6 to 8 cups of broth. Stir in the peas. Mix in the Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [Olive oil flavored cooking spray, 12 cup Risotto with Mushrooms and Peas, recipe follows, cold, 1 to 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 8 cups canned lowsalt chicken broth, 12ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 14 cup unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups finely chopped onions, 10 ounces white mushrooms, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 cups Arborio rice or shortgrain white rice, 23 cup dry white wine, 34 cup frozen peas, thawed, 23 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, optional], title: Risotto al Salto, picturelink: null}, 16899: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBring a pot of water to a boil. Cook the macaroni until al dente according to the package instructions. Drain, rinse with cold water to stop the cooking process and set aside.nCarefully cut the butternut squash in half lengthwise and remove the seeds. Drizzle half of the squash with olive oil and place it on a rimmed baking sheet cutside up reserve the other half of the squash in the fridge for another use. Roast, watching to make sure the surface doesnt get burned it should have some brown areas, however, until forktender, 20 to 25 minutes. Scrape out the flesh into a bowl and mash with a potato masher. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and set aside.nWhile the squash is roasting, add the onions and 2 tablespoons of the butter to a large, ovenproof skillet over low to mediumlow heat. Cook the onions, stirring occasionally, until theyre deep golden brown, about 20 minutes. Remove them to a plate.nIn the same skillet, melt 4 tablespoons of the butter over mediumlow heat. Sprinkle over the flour and whisk it to make a thin paste. Cook it for 2 minutes, then whisk in the milk. Cook, whisking gently, until slightly thick, a couple of minutes. Taste and adjust the seasonings. Youll probably want to add more saltnTurn the heat to low and stir in the mashed butternut squash. When it is warm, stir in the cheese. If the sauce is overly thick when the cheese is melted, add a splash of milk. Keep stirring until the sauce is nice and hot, then stir in the macaroni. Taste and add more salt if needed.nMelt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a pan and combine it with the breadcrumbs. Sprinkle the breadcrumbs over the macaroni and bake I do it straight in the skillet until the crumbs are golden and the edges bubbly, about 15 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 ounces macaroni, 1 butternut squash, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 yellow onions, sliced, 8 tablespoons 1 stick salted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, plus more if needed for thinning, 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 12 cup seasoned breadcrumbs], title: Butternut Mac n Cheese, picturelink: PYgrMDBBZEyfbnJ6p463piAUMw1yWHK}, 16900: {instructions: For the crust: Combine the flour, baking powder and salt in a food processor and run for 10 seconds. Add the butter and pulse in 1second bursts until only very small pieces of butter are visible, 12 to 15 pulses. Pulse in the Sauternes, and then pulse in the ice water 1 tablespoon at a time until the dough just comes together.nTurn the dough out onto a sheet of plastic wrap and bring together into a ball. Turn the dough out onto a dry surface and divide into 2 disks, one slightly larger than the other. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 1 hour or up to overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place an oven rack in the lower third of the oven. Roll out the larger disk of dough on a lightlyfloured surface until 18inch thick and 11 inches in diameter to fit a 9inch pie plate. Place into the pie plate and trim the overhang to 12 inch without crimping the edges. Refrigerate while preparing the filling.nFor the filling: Combine the Sauternes and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Peel, halve and core the apples and slice them into 14inch wedges. Toss the apples with the wine and lemon juice.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the apples and some of the wine and lemon juice, sprinkle with half of the sugar and cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves and the mixture begins to simmer, about 2 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and cook the apples until they soften and there are no juices in the pan, about 8 minutes.nTransfer the apples to a medium bowl. Melt 2 more tablespoons of butter in the same skillet, and repeat with the remaining apples, wine and lemon juice and sugar. If any juice has collected from the first batch of apples, pour those juices over the second batch of apples while they are cooking.nToss together both batches of apples with the cinnamon and cardamom, if using. Set aside to cool completely.nFor assembling: Pour the filling into the prepared pie shell. Roll the smaller disk of dough on a lightlyfloured surface to 18inch thick and place on top of the filling. Fold the edges over and then decoratively crimp. Cut slits into the top crust to allow steam to escape, and then transfer to the freezer for 30 minutes to let the dough rest.nBrush the crust with the melted butter and sprinkle with the sugar. Place in the lower third of oven and bake until golden brown, 45 minutes to 1 hour.nCooks Note: You can cook the apples for the filling 1 day ahead., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Pinch baking powder, Pinch fine salt, 2 sticks cold butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 tablespoon Sauternes wine, 8 to 10 tablespoons ice water, 14 cup Sauternes wine or Moscato, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 5 pounds baking apples, such as Golden Granny Smith, Honeycrisp, Braeburn or Golden Delicious 10 to 11 mediumlarge apples, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon melted, for brushing, 23 cup sugar, plus 1 tablespoon for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, optional], title: Sauternes Apple Pie, picturelink: AfgFXU68aNYCJIGejs.z19sPTbzHDC}, 16901: {instructions: Butterfly the steaks by slicing them horizontally from 1 long side to within 12inch of the opposite side. Pound the steaks between plastic wrap to flatten them further. Trim off all the sinew and fat.nLay 1 steak cut side up on a jellyroll pan. Sprinkle the steaks with the vinegar, garlic, and thyme. Cover and marinate, refrigerated, for 3 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nLay the steaks end to end, in the direction of the grain of the meat, so that they overlap. Pound the overlapping area to join them securely. Spread the spinach leaves evenly over the meat and arrange the carrots across the grain of the meat in parallel rows about 3 inches apart. Place the eggs between the carrots. Scatter the onion rings over the meat, sprinkle with parsley, salt, and pepper.nCarefully roll the matambre with the grain, jelly roll style, into a thick long cylinder. Tie with butchers twine at 1inch intervals. Place the matambre in a large casserole or roasting pan along with the beef stock. Add enough cold water to come a third of the way up the roll. Cover tightly and bake 1 hour.nServe warm or chilled, sliced into 2inch thick slices., ingredients: [2 2pound flank steaks, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 pound fresh spinach, washed and drained, 8 carrots, peeled, cut into 2inch pieces cooked in boiling salted water, 4 hard boiled eggs, cut into quarters lengthwise, 1 large red onion, sliced into rings, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, Salt and pepper, 3 cups beef stock, 1 to 3 cups cold water], title: Matambre, picturelink: null}, 16902: {instructions: In a mediumsize, heavy soup pot, melt 2 tablespoons butter over mediumhigh heat. When it foams, add onion, and cook, stirring, until onion is transparent, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, add rice, salt, and pepper, and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until well coated, about 1 minute. Add wine, and simmer gently until the liquid is absorbed, 3 to 5 minutes. Add 12 cup chicken stock, stir, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is absorbed. Repeat, adding 12 cup stock at a time, until the rice is cooked through but still firm, 20 to 25 minutes total. Add the remaining tablespoon butter and the Parmesan cheese. Mix well, add salt to taste, and serve immediately.nPlace peppercorns, dill, parsley, bay leaves, leeks, carrots, celery, chicken, wings, and backs into a large stockpot. Add stock and 6 cups cold water. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a very gentle simmer, and cook for 45 minutes. Liquid should just bubble up to the surface. A skin will form on the surface of the liquid skim this off with a slotted spoon, and discard. Repeat as needed. After 45 minutes, remove chicken from the pot, and set aside until it is cool enough to handle. Remove the meat from the bones, set the meat aside, and return the bones to the pot. Shred the chicken, and set aside in the refrigerator until ready to use. Continue to simmer the stock, on the lowest heat possible, for 3 hours, skimming as needed. The chicken bones will begin to disintegrate. Strain the stock through a fine sieve into a very large bowl. Discard the solids. Place the bowl in an ice bath, and let cool to room temperature. Transfer to airtight containers. Stock may be refrigerated for 3 days or frozen for 4 months. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight. If storing, leave fat layer intact to the seal the stock. Before using, remove the layer of fat that has collected on the surface.nYield: 5 quarts, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, minced, 1 12 cups arborio rice do not rinse, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 to 4 cups Homemade Chicken Stock recipe follows, vegetable stock, or lowsodium canned, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 6 sprigs fresh dill or 2 teaspoons dried dill, 6 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 dried bay leaves, 2 leeks, washed, white and palegreen parts only, cut into 13, 2 carrots, scrubbed, cut into 13, 2 stalks celery, cut into 13, 1 4pound chicken, cut into 6 pieces, 1 12 pounds chicken wings, 1 12 pounds chicken backs, 2 48ounce cans lowsodium chicken broth, about 12 cups, 6 cups cold water], title: Marks Risotto with Butter and Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 16903: {instructions: Rinse and dry the chicken thoroughly. In a large heated soup pot, place the onions, celery, carrots, and bay leaves. Add the whole chicken to the pot, and cover with enough cold water to cover almost all of the chicken. Add the tomatoes. Bring it pot up to the boil. When pot is at full boil, turn the heat down to low. Remove the scum of the broth as it forms on top with ladle. Allow to simmer for a couple of hours.nBring large pot of salted water to boil, add pastina and cook according to package directions.nRemove the chicken from the broth and set aside. Place a strainer over a large serving bowl and strain the chicken broth through. Strain pastina well, before adding into the bowl with the broth. Serve immediately, top with grated Parmesan, if desired., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, 2 quartered onions, 2 carrot sticks, broken in pieces, 2 celery stalks, broken in pieces, 2 bay leaves, 1 12ounce can chopped tomatoes, 2 cups pastina, Grated Parmesan, optional], title: Pastina dAmbrodo, picturelink: 68e5HjCBwpHZncDGVFXBak7KkliG2}, 16904: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the stems from the mushroom caps and reserve the stems for the Round 2 Bacon Mushroom Quiche.nIn a skillet, over medium heat, add the bacon and cook until crisp. Remove from the pan and set aside on a brown paper bag or paper towels to drain.nIn the same skillet, add the onions and saute until translucent. Stir in the rosemary, and salt and pepper, to taste, and cook for 2 minutes.nIn a small bowl combine the cream cheese with the leftover crumbled corn muffin tops. Stir in the sauteed onion. Finely chop the reserved cooked bacon and stir into cornbread mixture. If the mixture is too dry add a few tablespoons of warm water. Spoon the filling mixture into each mushroom cap. Arrange on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown and crisp on top, about 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [2 10ounce packages baby portobello mushrooms, 4 slices bacon, 12 medium onion, chopped, 2 teaspoons finely chopped rosemary leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup cream cheese, at room temperature, Leftover corn muffin tops from Chili Topped Cornbread Bites recipe, crumbled], title: Bacon Cornbread Stuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 16905: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the bacon grease and butter to a large stockpot over high heat. Add the Anaheim chiles, poblano chiles, red bell peppers, jalapeno chiles and onions, and cook until caramelized, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and saute 1 minute longer. Add the chuck and brown, about 4 minutes. Add the ground beef and sausage and brown, stirring gently, trying not to break up the ground beef too much. Cook until the meat is nicely browned and cooked through, 7 to 10 minutes. Add the chili powder, cayenne, coriander, cumin, granulated garlic, granulated onion, paprika, salt and black pepper, and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute.nAdd the tomato sauce and paste, and stir to caramelize, about 2 minutes. Stir in the beer and stock. Add the kidney and pinto beans lower the heat and simmer, about 2 hours.nServe the chili in bowls over DoubleFried French Fries and garnish with crackers, green onions and Cheddar.nPeel the potatoes on the sides, leaving the ends with the skin on. Cut the potatoes into 13inch slices and then slice into 13inch sticks.nFill a large bowl with water and soak the potatoes, submerged, at least 30 minutes and up to 24 hours. This will help remove the excess starch from the potatoes and keep them from oxidizing.nFit a heavy stockpot with a deepfry thermometer and heat the oil to 325degress F.nRemove the potatoes from the water and pat dry to remove excess water. Carefully place two handfuls of potatoes into the hot oil. There should be at least 1 inch of oil above the potatoes. Parcook until the potatoes are light brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the potatoes, gently shaking off the excess oil and let them drain on a rack. Repeat the process until all of the potatoes are parcooked.nRaise the heat of the oil to 350 degrees F. Cook the potatoes again, two handfuls at a time, until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove the potatoes from the oil, shake off the excess oil, place in a bowl and sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Repeat the process until all of the potatoes are cooked., ingredients: [3 tablespoons bacon grease or canola oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 Anaheim chiles, roasted, peeled, chopped, 3 poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, chopped, 2 red bell peppers, diced, 2 jalapenos chiles, minced, 2 yellow onions, diced, 1 head garlic, minced, 1 pound boneless chuck, trimmed and cut into 14inch cubes, 2 pounds ground beef, coarse grind, 1 pound bulk Italian sausage, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons granulated onion, 2 teaspoons hot paprika, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups tomato sauce, 1 cup tomato paste, 12 ounces lager beer, 1 cup chicken stock, Two 15.5ounce cans kidney beans, with juice, Two 15.5ounce cans pinto beans, with juice, DoubleFried French Fries, for serving, recipe follows, Saltine crackers, for garnish, 1 bunch green onions, thinly sliced, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, Four 4 to 5inchlong russet potatoes, 8 cups canola oil, 1 tablespoon fine grain sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Dragons Breath Chili, picturelink: bylcgoGffMFXRJijqADaOISY9Li12RO}, 16906: {instructions: For the chocolate box: Chop up the chocolate until very fine. In a microwavesafe bowl melt 23rd cup 5 ounces of chocolate. Place in the microwave for 30 seconds. Remove and stir. Continue this process at 10second intervals until the chocolate is completely melted, and warm to touch of the lip 100 degrees F. Add remaining finely chopped chocolate. Stir until smooth.nFill 1 plastic box at a time with chocolate. Turn upside down to release excess chocolate. Place upside down on tray and continue filling the 5 other boxes. This should only take 5 minutes. While the chocolate is still soft, scrape excess bits away with a knife creating an even surface. Continue with remaining boxes. Place in refrigerator for 15 minutes. Chocolate when exposed to a cold environment will retract from the plastic box.nRemove from refrigerator and gently tweak the box to gently cajole the 2 apart. Turn upside down and spoon in chocolate mousse. Garnish with raspberries.nFor the chocolate mousse: Chop up chocolate until very fine. Place in the microwave for 30 seconds. Remove and stir. Continue this process at 10second intervals until the chocolate is completely melted, and warm to touch of the lip 100 degrees F. Reserve.nWhip 1 cup of cream to soft peaks. Have a whisk ready and add 12 of the heavy cream into the 100 degree F chocolate. Work quickly or the chocolate will seize up. Whisk cream with chocolate until homogenous. Add the balance of heavy cream and gently fold to eliminate any white streaks. Reserve until ready to use., ingredients: [1 pound bittersweet chocolate 64 percent, 6 plastic pencil boxes 3inch, 34 cup bittersweet chocolate, 3 cups heavy cream, 1 cup raspberries], title: Oscars Chocolate Box with Oscars Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: null}, 16907: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the unsweetened chocolate in a heatproof bowl and melt over a saucepan of simmering water. Whisk in sugar substitute and thin with the hot water and heavy cream. Whisk to blend thoroughly. Remove from heat, spread on a plate, and place in the freezer for about 10 minutes. Cut into small chunks after chilling.nWhile the chocolate is chilling, make the cannoli cream. With an electric mixer on high, whip heavy cream just until frothy, and then add sugar substitute and almond and vanilla extracts. Continue to whip on high until stiff peaks form. Be careful not to overwhip, or cream will break.nGently fold in the ricotta cheese and almost all of the chilled chocolate chunks, saving a few chips for garnish. Spoon cannoli cream into parfait glasses, top with remaining chocolate chips, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [1ounce unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 12 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 1 tablespoon hot water, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 1 cup heavy cream, 13 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 14 teaspoon real almond extract, 1 teaspoon no sugar added vanilla extract, 13 cup whole milk ricotta cheese], title: Low Carb Cannoli Parfaits, picturelink: KgwbJfvl6lczYA6QJ2pZXfRug92BO}, 16908: {instructions: Heat pan over high heat. Add bacon and cook until just crisp. Remove bacon to a towellined plate. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons of the fat. Add onions and garlic and cook until soft. Remove pan from heat, add vinegar, olive oil, sugar and reserved bacon. Place the potatoes in a large bowl, pour the dressing over and season with salt and pepper. Fold in the green onions and parsley. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [6 slices bacon, medium dice, 1 red onion, finely sliced, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 34 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 4 sweet potatoes, peeled, cooked and cut into 1inch dice, kept warm, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 green onions, finely sliced, 14 cup chopped parsley], title: Sweet Potato Salad with Warm Bacon Dressing, picturelink: null}, 16909: {instructions: Coarsely chop the sweet, serrano and habanero peppers. Add them to a food processor, along with the garlic, cilantro, vinegar, agave, lime juice, black pepper, coriander and salt. Pulse until nicely chopped. Add more lime juice or agave to taste., ingredients: [12 mini sweet peppers, tops cut off and discarded, 6 serrano peppers, tops cut off and discarded, 4 habanero peppers, tops cut off and discarded, 6 cloves garlic, 12 cup fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon agave nectar or honey, plus more to taste, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, plus more to taste, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Ninja Pepper Relish, picturelink: null}, 16910: {instructions: Cook the celery, carrots and onions in the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the oregano, cumin, red pepper flakes, celery seeds and garlic and cook until fragrant. Add the black beans, bouillon, bay leaf and tomatoes, and enough water to cover by an inch or two about 3 cups. Simmer for at least 30 minutes, up to 2 hours, adding water if needed. Season and serve., ingredients: [2 celery stalks, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon celery seeds, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups cooked black beans, 1 tablespoon vegetarian or chicken bouillon base, 1 bay leaf, One 14ounce can diced tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Black Bean Soup, picturelink: nsv2B3cRLIBHATlOw8JaXsuHUci4ine}, 16911: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over low heat. Add 2 bunches stemmed mustard greens and cook until wilted. Add 34 cup chicken broth and cook 15 to 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Toss 1 chopped beefsteak tomato with olive oil and salt and pepper. Top the greens with the tomato and shaved cheddar.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Mustard Greens With Cheddar, picturelink: jUbdZUI1Tl0rcAsLA5Zy2h5lD6tkdlS}, 16912: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch baking pan with parchment paper and spray with cooking spray.nCream the sugar and butter in a large bowl with an electric hand mixer until fluffy. Mix the vanilla and eggs in a separate bowl. Add this to the sugar mixture and beat until pale, about a minute. Add the flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt and mix until fully combined.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 35 to 45 minutes. Let cool completely before slicing., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking pan, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 5 large eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Cakey Brownies, picturelink: S55YtBPFQ7mfW9iRQLkDizlAAooX.2}, 16913: {instructions: Mix the chopped rosemary, garlic, lemon zest, lemon juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper together in a small bowl to make a paste.nPlace the chickens on a sheet pan, skin side up, and loosen the skin from the meat with your fingers. Place 12 of the paste under the skin of each chicken. Rub any remaining paste on the outside and underside of the chickens.nTurn the chicken skin side down and scatter the lemon slices and sprigs of rosemary over each chicken. Season with salt and pepper. Roll each chicken up, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nHeat a grill with coals. Spread the coals out in 1 dense layer and brush the grill with oil. Unroll the chickens, place them on the grill and cook for 12 minutes on each side., ingredients: [14 cup chopped fresh rosemary leaves, plus 2 sprigs, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice, Good olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 roasting chickens 2 12 to 3 pounds each, deboned and butterflied, 12 lemon, thinly sliced], title: Butterflied Chicken, picturelink: 2NEgYo6S0LVJRgiKNZ3L3ouOMuWH.zK}, 16914: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a countertop indoor turkey fryer and an instantread thermometernLet the turkey come to room temperature, then pat it dry thoroughly and season it generously with salt and pepper inside and out.nFill a countertop indoor turkey fryer with the indicated amount of oil according to the manufacturers instructions see Cooks Note and heat to 400 degrees F. Carefully lower the turkey into the fryer and cook for 35 to 45 minutes. An instantread thermometer inserted into the thigh should register approximately 165 degrees F. Transfer the turkey to a cutting board and let rest 30 minutes before carving., ingredients: [One 12pound turkey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable or peanut oil, for frying], title: DeepFried Turkey, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 16915: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the garlic, paprika and olive oil. Set asidenPut a slice chorizo into the curve of a shrimp. Thread a skewer through the shrimp starting at the tail and working your way up through the chorizo into the shrimp. Repeat with remaining shrimp and chorizo.nPour half of the marinade on the bottom of a large baking dish and spread out to evenly coat the bottom of the dish. Put the finished skewers on top and brush the remaining marinade evenly over the top of the skewers. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 10 minutes or up to 1 hour.nHeat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat.nSeason the skewers with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the skewers for 3 minutes per side. Remove from the grill to a serving platter and serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons paprika, 12 cup olive oil, 1 pound Spanish chorizo, sliced into 12inch pieces, 2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails left on, 20 6inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water, Sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 lemons, cut into small wedges], title: Shrimp and Chorizo Skewers, picturelink: null}, 16916: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nButter: In a small bowl, mix together the butter, anchovy paste, chives, lemon juice, and lemon zest until smooth. Season with salt and pepper if using, to taste.nPopovers: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a 12count muffin or popover pan with vegetable oil cooking spray. Set aside.nIn a blender, add the eggs and garlic. Blend on medium speed until frothy, about 15 seconds. Add the milk and the cheeses and blend until smooth. Add the flour, salt, pepper and parsley. Blend on medium speed until incorporated. Pour the batter into the muffin cups, filling each cup to within 14inch of the top. Bake, without opening the oven door, until puffed and golden, about 30 to 35 minutes. Remove the popovers from the oven and serve with the anchovy butter., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons anchovy paste, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, optional, Vegetable oil cooking spray, 6 large eggs, at room temperature, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups whole milk, at room temperature, 1 14 cups 3 ounces finely grated Asiago cheese, 14 cup 1ounce shredded sharp Provolone cheese, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Garlic and Cheese Popovers, picturelink: e.syJth0sY0UXPtWSjllw63sjsmA8yO}, 16917: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Mix the tarragon, jelly, and mustard together. Season the venison with salt and pepper. Panfry the seasoned venison in the butter until golden brown on 1 side, about 4 minutes. Turn the venison over and put in the oven for 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and turn the oven on broil. Slice the venison horizontally and open it like a book, spread the jelly mixture on both sides. Brown top under broiler for 2 minutes and serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon thinly sliced tarragon, 1 teaspoon Apple and Daylily Jelly, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 8 ounces venison fillet, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon butter], title: Venison with Apple and Daylily Jelly, picturelink: null}, 16918: {instructions: Cooks Note: To toast the almonds, arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F oven for 6 to 8 minutes until lightly toasted. Cool completely before using.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water. Place in a serving bowl.nUsing a spoon, scoop out the flesh from the avocados and place in a food processor. Add the arugula, basil, lime juice, garlic, salt, and pepper. Blend until smooth.nPour the pesto over the pasta and toss together. Add the cheese and almonds and toss together until coated, adding the pasta water, as needed, to loosen the sauce., ingredients: [1 pound linguine pasta, 2 medium avocados, halved, peeled, and seeded about 12 ounces total, 3 cups baby arugula leaves 3 ounces, 1 packed cup fresh basil leaves, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice from 2 large limes, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup grated Parmesan 4 ounces, 12 cup sliced almonds, toasted see Cooks Note], title: Linguine with Avocado and Arugula Pesto, picturelink: 0.JYXClLaicXmJYMSnUvx1OaP5S3d.}, 16919: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Thinly slice the taro root and place on a roasting pan. Brush with clarified butter. Sprinkle with thyme, garlic and salt and pepper. Bake in oven until golden brown. Fry scallops in sesame oil. Sear the tuna on all 4 sides and let rest for 35 minutes.nPlace chopped mushrooms in a roasting pan and pour the sashimi oil on top and roast for approximately 5 minutes in a 400 degree oven.nBring everything to a boil in a saucepan.nBring chicken stock, fish stock and shallot to a boil. Add the soy sauce and reduce. Add heavy cream and butter. Mix in sea urchin.nTo Serve: Place 1 taro root chip on top of the plate, place 3 slices of tuna per person and 1 whole scallop. Garnish with mushrooms, pour the warm sashimi oil on top of the tuna and scallops. Pour the sea urchin sauce around the tuna and place 1 chip on top., ingredients: [Taro root, 1 tablespoon clarified butter, 4 thyme sprigs, leaves removed, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, Salt and pepper, 4 scallops, 12 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 pound tuna, 2 portobello mushrooms, 1 tablespoon sashimi oil, recipe follows, 2 limes, juiced, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup fish stock, 1 shallot, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 piece sea urchin], title: Rare Seared Tuna and Scallop, Taro Root Chips and Sea Urchin Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16920: {instructions: In a food processor, place all ingredients except only half the water into the processor and blend until smooth. Add more water and some oil to thin out the sauce when necessary. Taste the sauce, if it is too thick or potent, add more water and more honey. Process until smooth and enjoy as another great dipping sauce for dumplings, wontons and Shumai, ingredients: [1 heaping tablespoon peanut butter, 1 12 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon Chinese hot red chili paste, 12 teaspoon hot chili oil, 2 tablespoons red wine, 1 teaspoon lime juice or margarita mix, Vegetable oil, to thin if necessary, 3 tablespoons water], title: Spicy Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16921: {instructions: Place a plate or sheet pan in the freezer and let it chill for at least 1 hour or overnight.nUsing a large ice cream scoop, make balls of ice cream and place them on the sheet pan then return them to the freezer.nCut the crusts off the sliced bread and using about 2 slices per ice cream ball, form the bread around the ice cream using your hands to pack it like a snow ball. Once its completely covered return it to the freezer.nIn a medium saucepan, heat 3 inches of canola oil to 365 degrees F. Drop the covered ice cream balls, one at a time, into the hot oil and fry, turning occasionally so they color evenly, until golden brown on all sides. Remove from oil and briefly drain on paper towels. Stir together the sugar and cinnamon. Coat fried ice cream in the cinnamon sugar mixture. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pint ice cream, any flavor, 1 loaf sliced white bread, 6 to 8 cups canola oil, for frying, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons cinnamon], title: Deep Fried Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 16922: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 10inch castiron pannPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSprinkle the chicken tenders with paprika, sage, oregano, salt and pepper. Heat a 10inch castiron pan over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. When the oil begins to swirl, add the seasoned chicken and saute until cooked through, about 4 minutes on the first side and 3 minutes on the second side. Remove the chicken to a plate with tongs, leaving the oil in the pan. Rest the chicken for a few minutes, and then chop into 12inch cubes.nTo the same pan, add the onions and peas and carrots and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Stir and cook until the onions become tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute longer. Sprinkle in the flour and stir until the flour dissolves into the vegetables and juices. Add the chicken stock and raise to a simmer, stirring until thickened. Once the liquid has thickened, stir in the heavy cream. Season with salt, if needed.nReturn the chicken to the pan. Unfold the pie crust and place over the top of the filling, tucking the excess edges inside the pan. Brush the crust evenly with the egg wash. Using a knife, gently cut 3 vents in the top of the crust. Place in the oven and bake until the crust is golden brown, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds chicken tenders about 10 tenders, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, 12 teaspoon dried sage, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup frozen pearl onions, 1 cup frozen peas and diced carrots, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 store bought pie crust, unbaked and thawed if frozen, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: Easy Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: lLpEUOvw7EsuwYJzD4Ba.LFqc6FdGiW}, 16923: {instructions: For the potatoes: Preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Place the potato slices in a large bowl and toss with the olive oil, salt and pepper. In batches, grill the potatoes until cooked through and golden, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a large serving bowl and set aside to cool while you make the dressing.nFor the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, lemon zest, olive oil and Parmesan. Pour the dressing over the potatoes, then add the basil and parsley, and toss gently to coat. Garnish with shaved Parmesan, and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, sliced into 14inch rounds, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, from one medium lemon, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan, plus shaved for garnish, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Grilled Potato Salad, picturelink: Vjb2QF4qIZMsMUdJ2XqqQRUmC820Jbq}, 16924: {instructions: In a small bowl combine ketchup and pickled peppers. Mix well and set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine egg, corn muffin mix, garlic powder, onion powder and milk. In a separate shallow dish add flour. Insert wooden skewers half way into cocktail franks.nHeat oil to 375 degrees F in a deepfryer. Dredge each cocktail frank in flour, dust off excess then dip into cornmeal batter. Fry 2 to 3 corn dogs at a time for about 1 to 2 minutes or until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Serve warm with the relish., ingredients: [34 cup ketchup, 14 cup pickled hot peppers, diced, 14 cup pickled sweet peppers, diced, 1 egg, 1 8.5ounce package corn muffin mix, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoon onion powder, 34 cup milk, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 package cocktail franks, Vegetable oil, for frying, 20 6inch wooden skewers], title: Mini Corn Dogs with Sweet and Spicy Pepper Relish, picturelink: LnZF9Y1GXkey9A38ioTlYKoEK299Pe}, 16925: {instructions: For the keftethes: Line a sheet tray with wax paper and set aside. In a large mixing bowl combine the salmon, parsley, celery, breadcrumbs, oil, salt, pepper, dill, garlic and onions. Knead the mixture thoroughly and form into several round keftethes cakes.nFor the flour mixture: Mix together the breadcrumbs, flour and parsley, and then set aside in a shallow pan or baking sheet.nCoat each cake in the flour mixture and then place the formed and floured cakes on the prepared sheet tray and refrigerate for 1 hour.nFor the sauce: Mix together the yogurt, salt, lemon juice and dill, and set aside.nTo cook, pan fry the keftethes over mediumhigh heat until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes on each side. Serve the keftethes with the yogurt dill sauce., ingredients: [1 pound cooked and flaked salmon, 3 ounces chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 2 tablespoons fine breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 4 sprigs dill, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 small onion finely chopped, 12 cup fine breadcrumbs, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch chopped fresh parsley, 1 cup Greek yogurt, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 fresh lemon, 1 sprig dill, chopped], title: Salmon Keftethes Cakes, picturelink: null}, 16926: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Make chocolate and white tuile batters according to following recipes. Trace a leaf onto a large, flexible plastic lid, such as one from a coffee can. Using scissors, cut lip from lid. With a utility knife, cut out the leaf shape to make a stencil. Place nonstick baking mat or parchment paper on top of a baking sheet, and place stencil on mat. Using a small offset spatula, spread a thin layer of chocolate batter over stencil carefully lift up stencil. Repeat, making more leaves, spacing evenly on baking mat. Transfer 12 cup white batter into a pastry bag fitted with a 2 tip. Pipe white veins onto chocolate leaves. Bake 4 minutes. Using spatula, drape leaves over rolling pin to cool. Repeat process to make 50 cookies, reserving 12 cup chocolate batter. Repeat step 2 with white batter, using reserved chocolate batter for piping.nSift flour with cocoa, and set aside. In the bowl of an electric standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat butter and sugar on medium until wellcombined, about 2 minutes. Beat in egg whites, 1 at a time, beating for 4 minutes after each addition. Add the flourandcocoa mixture, and mix until just combined. Reserve 12 cup batter place in a pastry bag fitted with an 2 tip, and set aside for piping white tuile cookies.nSift flour into a mixing bowl, and set aside. In the bowl of an electric standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat butter and sugar on medium, until wellcombined, about 2 minutes. Beat in egg whites, 1 at a time, beating for 4 minutes after each addition. Add the reserved flour, and mix until just combined. Reserve 12 cup batter place in a pastry bag fitted with a 2 tip, and set aside for piping chocolate tuile cookies., ingredients: [Chocolate Tuile Batter, recipe follows, White Tuile Batter, recipe follows, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 12 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup confectioners sugar, 4 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup confectioners sugar, 4 large egg whites, at room temperature], title: Fall Leaf Cookies, picturelink: null}, 16927: {instructions: Preheat the grill to medium.nSeason the venison with salt and pepper and grill for 2 minutes per side. Remove from the grill to a cutting board and let rest.nHeat a saute pan with 2 tablespoons of canola oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and red pepper and saute until transparent, about 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the cumin and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover 1 tortilla with cheese then evenly top with onions and red peppers. Slice the venison steak against the grain and on the bias. Cover the tortilla with the meat and squeeze 12 the lime over top the meat. Put the tortilla, ingredient side up, on stove top griddle pan or a large frying pan. Top with the remaining tortilla and cook until brown. Flip the quesadilla over and brown the other side. Cut into 4 large pieces or 6 small pieces and serve with the remaining 12 lime., ingredients: [6 to 8ounce venison flank steak, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 14 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 white onion, thinly cut julienne, 1 fire roasted red bell pepper, peeled, seeded and cut julienne, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 flour tortillas, storebought or homemade, 34 cup shredded Monterey jack cheese, 1 lime], title: Venison Quesadilla, picturelink: null}, 16928: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat coals of grill or fire pit. Cut 8 18 by 18inch squares of aluminum foil. Lay down double thickness of foil and divide gingersnaps evenly among the 4 squares. Divide fruit evenly and place on top of gingersnaps. Dot with butter. In small bowl mix sugar, salt, and lime zest. Sprinkle sugar mixture evenly over fruit, drizzle with juice and brandy and seal packets. Once coals are ash covered, lay packets over them and cover with lid of grill. If cooking in a fire pit carefully try to partially bury packets in hot coals. Cook for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and open carefully, as steam inside packet is very hot. Serve on plates as is or spoon into shallow bowls and top with creme fraiche or ice cream., ingredients: [2 cups crushed gingersnaps, 4 apricots, pit removed and cut into eighths, 4 plums, pit removed and cut into fourths, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons sugar, Pinch salt, 4 teaspoons lime zest, 2 limes, juiced, 4 teaspoons brandy], title: Stone Fruit Pouches, picturelink: M1fu.N23r2WCgHxswg4hojQWSKSIEC}, 16929: {instructions: Soak the farro in warm water for about 20 minutes. Drain and rinse well. Pour into a medium saucepan with enough water to cover by 1 inch. Cover the pot and bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer. Add a pinch of salt and cook for about 30 minutes. The farro should be soft but have a slight chew to it. Drain to remove excess water, and then transfer to a bowl and toss with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Set aside.nPreheat the broiler.nToss the shrimp with 2 more tablespoons olive oil, some salt, pepper and the lime juice. Spread in an even layer on a baking sheet and broil for 10 minutes, flipping halfway through. Let cool slightly.nMake the salad dressing by combining the remaining 14 cup olive oil, the mint, lemon juice and some salt and pepper in a small jar. Cover and shake to combine.nToss together the farro, beans and watercress in a large bowl with half of the dressing. Season with salt and pepper. To plate, transfer the salad to a large platter and top with the shrimp. Serve with the remaining dressing on the side., ingredients: [1 cup farro emmer wheat, Sea salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds fresh shrimp, deveined, thoroughly rinsed and patted dry, Juice of 12 lime, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 12 lemon, juiced, seeds removed, One 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed well, 1 bunch watercress, tough stems removed], title: Shrimp, Watercress and Farro Salad, picturelink: null}, 16930: {instructions: Special equipment: a 24cup minimuffin pan fitted with mini cupcake liners or twelve 3inch mini castiron pansnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace 24 mini cupcake liners in the cups of a minimuffin pan. Alternatively, use twelve 3inch mini castiron pans. With kitchen shears, cut each biscuit into 8 pieces. In a small bowl, combine the melted butter and maple syrup. In a separate bowl, mix together the sugar, pecans and cinnamon. Dip each biscuit piece in the maplebutter, and then roll it in the sugar mixture. Place 3 to 4 coated pieces in each muffin cup or 5 to 6 pieces in each castiron pan, pressing to compact.nBake the muffins until browned, 15 to 17 minutes. Allow to cool in the pan for 5 minutes before removing to wire racks. Serve warm., ingredients: [One 12ounce can refrigerated biscuit dough, 14 cup 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons maple syrup, 23 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup finely chopped pecans, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon], title: Mini Monkey Bread Muffins, picturelink: RhbJyuJ0yX0jSMdnRwezVlVU.eVsGje}, 16931: {instructions: Begin by pounding out the veal chops. Place the chops between two pieces of plastic wrap and gently pound from the bone out until they each are an even 14 inch thick.nIn a shallow dish, combine the flour, salt, granulated garlic and pepper. Dredge the veal chops in the seasoned flour and shake to remove excess flour.nWorking with a large 12inch castiron pan, heat 2 tablespoons of the butter and the oil over mediumhigh heat. Cook the veal chops until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate and set aside.nReduce the heat to low and deglaze the pan with the white wine. Scrape up any brown bits and simmer the wine until reduced by half. Add the chicken stock and cook for 5 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a bowl. Add the capers and garlic to the pan and saute until lightly browned, about 30 seconds. Add the reduced sauce back to the pan and bring back to a simmer.nJust before serving, add the lemon juice and a touch of red wine vinegar and turn off the heat. Whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and the parsley. Taste and season as needed.nServe the chops on a large rimmed plate covered with the sauce and garnished with the Parmesan., ingredients: [Two 12ounce bonein veal rib chops, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 2 tablespoons brined capers, drained, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Splash red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Veal Piccata Chops with Parmesan and Parsley, picturelink: null}, 16932: {instructions: Prepare a grill for indirect heat: For gas, preheat to medium high, then turn off the burners on one side and turn the other burners to medium low. For charcoal, once the coals ash over, push them to one side.nWhisk 14 cup salt, 14 cup brown sugar and 3 cups warm water in a large bowl. Add the pork and soak 10 minutes. Meanwhile, mix the bourbon, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, the remaining 14 cup brown sugar, the garlic and ginger in an ovenproof saucepan. Put on the grill over direct heat bring to a boil, then remove from the grill.nGrill the onion and tomatoes over direct heat until charred, about 3 minutes per side for the tomato and 4 to 5 minutes per side for the onion. Add to the saucepan, then return the pan to the grill and cook until the sauce is thickened, about 15 more minutes.nRemove the chops from the brine pat dry. Brush with the vegetable oil and grill over direct heat, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to the cooler side of the grill and cook 3 to 4 more minutes per side, brushing with the sauce. Serve with the remaining sauce and vegetables.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 4 8to10ounce bonein pork loin chops, trimmed of excess fat, 12 cup bourbon or apple cider, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon minced peeled ginger, 1 medium onion, cut into 12inchthick rounds, 2 medium beefsteak tomatoes, halved crosswise, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Bourbon Barbecued Pork Chops, picturelink: Nm6yRaaChvUCxaL8YocX1X9MyFg.1wm}, 16933: {instructions: Remove lobster from shell. Pour oil in skillet and heat over medium heat. Add chopped onion, peppers and minced garlic to skillet and saute. Add lobster, continue to saute for 3 minutes. Pour in splash of vodka and flambekeep the skillet moving to prevent burning. Remove from skillet to a platter and serve., ingredients: [2 whole cooked lobsters 1 12 lbs. each, 1 green pepper, diced, 1 red pepper, diced, 1 large onion, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 Tbs. olive oil, Pinch fresh ground pepper, Splash Iceberg Vodka], title: Iceberg Vodka Lobster Flambe, picturelink: null}, 16934: {instructions: Special equipment: an immersion blendernFor the tomato sauce: Combine the whole tomatoes and liquid from the can, onion, 2 cloves of the garlic, basil, oregano, olive oil, salt and black pepper in a 2gallon container and puree with an immersion blender until smooth.nHeat a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to smoke. Reduce the heat to medium and add the grapeseed oil and remaining 2 cloves of garlic and quickly saute. Add the diced tomatoes and saute until heated through, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the pureed tomato sauce and bring to a simmer. Cook for 15 minutes and remove from the heat.nFor the stuffed peppers: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bring 1 gallon water and 2 tablespoons salt to a boil in a 2gallon pot. Add the pasta and stir continually for the first 2 minutes of cooking to make sure it doesnt stick, then stir occasionally until the pasta is cooked to al dente, about 9 minutes.nStrain the pasta, spread it on a cookie sheet and drizzle with the olive oil. Mix to coat and refrigerate until cold.nHeat a saute pan over medium heat and add the grapeseed oil and sausage. Cook the sausage, stirring with a wooden spoon to break up the chunks, until browned and fully cooked, about 15 minutes. Remove from the pan, spread on a cookie sheet and refrigerate until cold.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the orzo and sausage in a mixing bowl with the diced tomatoes, Parmesan and basil. Season with salt and black pepper.nCut the top off each bell pepper and remove the seeds and ribs from the inside. Trim the bottom of each pepper so it will sit upright on the plate.nStuff the peppers with the sausage mixture and top with the mozzarella. Arrange in a 9by13inch baking dish, cover with foil and bake for 20 minutes. Remove the foil, return the peppers to the oven and bake until tender, 5 to 10 minutes more. Remove from the oven and allow the peppers to sit for 5 minutes.nFor the broccoli rabe: Combine 2 gallons of water and 4 tablespoons salt in a large pot and bring to a boil. Prepare an ice bath for shocking the broccoli rabe.nAdd half of the broccoli rabe to the water and cook until al dente, 3 to 4 minutes. Strain the broccoli rabe from the water and shock in the ice bath. Bring the water to back up to a boil and repeat with the rest of the broccoli rabe.nRemove the broccoli rabe from the ice bath and pat dry with a towel.nFor plating: Reheat the tomato sauce to a simmer over medium heat.nHeat a saute pan over high heat until it begins to smoke. Add the grapeseed oil and then add the blanched broccoli rabe. Saute for 2 to 3 minutes and then season with the black pepper and 2 teaspoons of the salt.nPool about 4 ounces of the tomato sauce on 6 plates. Divide the broccoli rabe among the plates, putting it in the center of the plate and making the pile flat so you can place the stuffed pepper on top. Place the stuffed pepper on top of the broccoli rabe and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups canned whole San Marzano tomatoes with liquid from the can, 14 cup diced yellow onion, 4 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 cup canned diced San Marzano tomatoes, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 pound orzo pasta, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 cup canned diced San Marzano tomatoes, 1 cup shredded Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, Fresh ground black pepper, 6 red or yellow bell peppers, Shredded mozzarella, for sprinkling, 4 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 pounds broccoli rabe, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoons fresh ground black pepper], title: Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: null}, 16935: {instructions: Put potatoes in a large pot and cover with cold water. Add salt and bring to the boil, uncovered. Simmer for about 20 minutes until there is no resistance when a fork is inserted.nDrain the potatoes and make sure they are dry. Mash them in a large bowl until all there are no lumps.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, heat the milk, garlic, thyme, bay leaves, peppercorns and 1 tablespoon of butter in a large saucepan over a medium heat. Do not let it boil. Using a sieve, strain the milk and herbs into the potatoes and mix thoroughly. Add the chopped chives and season with salt and pepper.nCheck crabmeat for pieces of shell. Cover with clingfilm and leave in the refrigerator until ready to use. Remove and fold carefully into the potatoes. Using your hands shape the mixture into medium sized patties, taking care to flatten out the centers and smooth out the top.nRoll them in bread crumbs and shake off excess.nCoat a large nonstick skillet with a 14inch of oil and heat over a medium heat until it begins to smoke slightly. Panfry the crab cakes until brown, about 5 minutes on each side, turning carefully with a spatula. Remove from pan and serve on a large flat dish with Remoulade.nGarnish with slices of lemon and serve with a green salad.nMix all the ingredients together in a bowl. Refrigerate for 30 minutes before serving.nYield: 6 servings, ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 cup whole milk, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, 14 bunch fresh thyme sprigs, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 1 pound fresh jumbo lump crabmeat, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 bunch fresh chives, finely chopped, 3 cups bread crumbs, 5 tablespoons vegetable oil, for frying, Lemon slices, for garnish, Green salad, as accompaniment, Remoulade, recipe follows, 2 cups mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons cornichons or sour gherkins, minced, 3 tablespoons capers, minced, 1 garlic clove, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped tarragon leaves, 1 12 anchovies, minced, Several dashes hot pepper sauce], title: The Ultimate Crab Cakes with Remoulade, picturelink: MqENteLHQt7umNYgwU.1aEeqtcoKNK}, 16936: {instructions: Mince together garlic, thyme sprigs, and rosemary with salt and mash to a coarse paste. In a bowl whisk together garlic paste and remaining ingredients until emulsified. Marinade may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered., ingredients: [6 large garlic cloves, 13 cup packed tender fresh thyme sprigs, 14 cup packed fresh rosemary leaves, 1 12 tablespoons coarse salt, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 12 cups olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: HerbGarlic Marinade, picturelink: null}, 16937: {instructions: In an 8quart casserole, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add the sausage and cook, stirring frequently, until the meat is well browned, about 15 minutes. Add the fennel seed and cook stirring for another minute or so.nPlace about 13 of the chopped onions, 13 of the sauerkraut, 14 of the thyme leaves, and 13 of the kielbasa over the sausage. Moisten with onethird of the stock and a little wine. Repeat twice more, layering onions, sauerkraut, thyme leaves, and kielbasa, then moistening with stock and wine. Arrange the diced pork butt and smoked ham hocks on top of the last layer of sauerkraut, sprinkle with the remaining thyme and the black pepper.nBring the casserole to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Lower the heat and simmer gently for 2 hours, covered, without stirring. Remove the ham hocks. Trim the fat from the hocks then cut the meat from the bones. Return the ham to the casserole. Add the chicken bratwurst and simmer until the bratwurst are fully cooked, about 30 minutes.nWhen ready to serve, remove the chicken bratwurst. Stir the casserole and add salt, to taste. Spoon the choucroute onto warm plates, top each serving with a bratwurst, and garnish with a thyme sprig. Pass toasted bread, mustard and sour cream as accompaniments., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 pound sweet Italian pork sausage, meat removed from casings, 1 tablespoon fennel seed, 2 medium Spanish onions, chopped, 8 cups sauerkraut, strained and chopped, see Chefs Note, 12 cup fresh thyme leaves plus 8 sprigs fresh thyme, for serving, 12 ounces kielbasa, sliced thin, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 bottle dry white wine or Champagne, 1 cup diced pork butt, 2 large smoked ham hocks, 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper, 8 small chicken bratwurst sausage, Salt, Serving suggestion: Toasted bread, mustard, and sour cream], title: Choucroute au Champagne, picturelink: .fMDutNVyELtooDLH5aV6X6DLCvMCq}, 16938: {instructions: Peel and cut the potatoes and parsnips into even sized pieces. Put them into a large pot, cover them with cold water, and add a large pinch of salt. Bring to a boil and simmer until the vegetables are fork tender, about 20 to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small pot gently heat the cream and butter over low heat. When the vegetables are done drain them well. Put the vegetables back into the pot over medium heat. Gently stir them to remove any excess moisture be careful not to burn them. While the potatoes and parsnips are still warm, press them through a potato ricer or food mill into a bowl. Add the warm cream a little at a time and beat with a wooden spoon until the potatoes are fluffy. Season with salt and pepper and gently stir in the chives. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, 2 pounds parsnips, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 stick 14 cup butter, 2 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Mashed Parsnips and Potatoes, picturelink: 6VHIA1j3jl.fWvVSck7WHJrdMzQlc.2}, 16939: {instructions: For the dough: Add the flour, butter and salt into the bowl of a stand mixer. Run the machine at its slowest setting for 5 to 7 minutes. Add the yolk, and as the butter starts breaking into the dough, you will notice that your mix will start looking like coarse crumbs. As time goes by, the crumbs will become smaller and smaller until the dough will start forming. This is the only tricky part: in case the dough is not forming right its usually because of a small egg yolk, slowly add the cold water, not all at once, just the right amount for the dough to come alive and start detaching from the sides of the bowl. Remove the dough from the mixer, form it into a disc and put it to rest, covered in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Butter an 11inch tart pan.nFor the filling: In a pot of boiling water, cook the potatoes half way, for about 15 minutes, then remove from the hot water and set aside to cool off. Once cool, slice into thin slices.nIn a medium pan, saute the leeks and shallots over medium heat in the oil and butter until soft and just golden, about 7 minutes. Or saute the leeks and shallots with the guanciale. Let cool.nIn a bowl, beat the eggs, milk, Parmesan and some salt and pepper. Add the leeks and shallots to the egg mixture and stir well with a fork until all the ingredients are evenly distributed.nDust some flour on a flat surface. Lightly dust your wood rolling pin and start working the dough. Do not press too hard, give the dough some time to respond to the pin and start softening up. Flip it a couple of times, dust it with flour, and mostly importantly do not guess the size. Keep the buttered pan close and prop it on top of the dough from time to time. Keep in mind that you will have to roll the dough a bit wider, as the pan has edges that need to be completely covered. Place the dough into the tart pan and, using a fork, poke holes into it to prevent swelling during the cooking process.nPour the egg mixture slowly into the dough, using a spoon to make sure you create an even layer. Get creative and place the sliced potatoes very gently on top of the egg mixture, creating a pleasant concentric pattern. Sprinkle the top of the cake with freshly grated Parmesan, 3 or 4 small tabs of butter and some ground pepper. Place the pan on a sheet tray.nCook in the oven for about 45 minutes, but make sure you check the cake after the first half hour, turn it around once or twice, and keep an eye on its color, which is the best indicator. The cake will be ready when the crust looks golden and the butter and cheese on top have become crisp and irresistible When ready, let your new creation rest and settle for about 10 minutes, then remove from the pan and serve warm. Buon Appetito, ingredients: [7 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 stick unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg yolk, 3 tablespoons cold water for emergency, 3 medium Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 2 leeks, trimmed, dark greens removed, rinsed well and sliced, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, plus more for topping, 2 ounces chopped guanciale, optional, 3 large farm fresh eggs, 12 cup whole milk, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus more for sprinkling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Leek and Potato Cake, picturelink: null}, 16940: {instructions: Warm a large bowl. Add sifted flour make a well. To the well, add the yeast, 38 cup of the milk, sugar, and salt. Mix until the yeast has dissolved. Add eggs and beat with hands until well combined and smooth. Cover bowl and put in a warm place for 45 minutes.nAfter 45 minutes, add the butter and remaining 14 cup milk. Beat hard for a couple of minutes. Half fill 4 greased small cake molds. Cover molds and place in a warm spot for 10 minutes. Once risen, place in oven for 20 minutes. Unmold onto cake rack and allow to cool a little.nMeanwhile, make sauce.nIn a saute pan, large enough to hold all the babas, combine butter and sugar over medium high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the rum and sultanasraisins, peel, and grapes. Stir to coat well. Place the babas into the fudge mixture. Prick lightly with a fork and turn in the sauce to coat well. Pour 2 tablespoons of rum over each baba and set alight. Serve babas with sauce and whipped cream., ingredients: [1 12 cups sifted flour, 12ounce wet yeast, 58 cup milk, 1 tablespoon superfine sugar, Pinch salt, 2 eggs, 3 12 tablespoons butter, melted and cooled, 14 cup butter, 14 cup sugar, 9 tablespoons dark rum, 2 tablespoons sultanas raisins, 1 tablespoon chopped candied peel, 2 tablespoons white grapes, 1 cup whipping cream], title: Flamed Rum Babas Exeter, picturelink: null}, 16941: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRinse shrimp thoroughly in cold water and place in large bowl. Mix cloves, seasoned salt, thyme, mustard, celery salt, pepper, and Neelys seasoning in a small bowl. Sprinkle shrimp with the seasoning mixture and toss. Add lemon juice and the BBQ sauce and mix thoroughly. Cover and let marinate for 20 minutes.nPreheat grill to a medium heat. Place shrimp on grill, directly over heat. Cook for 1 12 to 2 minutes per side and fully cooked. Serve with cocktail sauce and garnish with lemon wedges.nAdd all ingredients to a bowl and stir until combined. Keep in an airtight container for up to 6 months.nIn a large saucepan, combine all ingredients. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer. Cook uncovered, stirring frequently, for 1 hour 15 minutes.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl. Serve chilled., ingredients: [1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon seasoned salt, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon ground mustard, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon Neelys BBQ dry rub seasoning, recipe follows, 12 lemon, juiced, plus lemon wedges, for garnish, 14 cup Neelys BBQ sauce, recipe follows, Cocktail Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 cups paprika, 34 cup sugar, 3 34 tablespoons onion powder, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup water, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup ketchup, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 12 lemon, juiced, Dash hot sauce], title: BBQ Shrimp with Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: lKD0BIbeeFM4cyDmtORHDR7uvnYARHe}, 16942: {instructions: 1. Combine sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil until sugar dissolves. Remove this simple syrup from heat and cool completely. Stir gin, lemon juice, lime juice, simple syrup, and orange blossom water together in a large pitcher. Refrigerate until chilled.n2. Pour 4 ounces of gin mixture, 1 cup of ice, and a splash of light cream into a cocktail shaker. Shake vigorously until frothy, about 30 seconds. Strain into a highball glass. Top with club soda and garnish with citrus slices., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 4 cups 32 ounces top shelf gin, 1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 4 teaspoons orange blossom water, 1 cup light cream use only a splash for each serving, 4 ounces club soda, Ice cubes for shaking, 14 slices of lime andor orange, for garnishing], title: Ramos Gin Fizz, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 16943: {instructions: Combine the pineapple skin and core, allspice berries, star anise, cinnamon and 6 cups water in a 4quart saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil, lower the heat and simmer for 1 hour. Remove from the heat and add the tea bags let the tea bags steep for at least 20 minutes and up to 6 hours. Strain the pineapple tea and cool completely. Serve over ice with pineapple wedges., ingredients: [Skin and core of 1 pineapple, plus pineapple wedges, for serving, 5 whole allspice berries, 2 pieces star anise, 1 cinnamon stick, 6 black tea bags, such as Lipton], title: Spiced Pineapple Iced Tea, picturelink: TcNkqwoyoQxOveqSY1Ji6FxF4cgzWj6}, 16944: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Season chicken thighs all over with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Place skinside down in a roasting pan and cover tightly with foil. Bake for 45 minutes. Remove foil, turn chicken pieces skinside up and bake for 1 hour.nWhen ready to serve, broil chicken thighs for 10 to 15 minutes, until dark brown and crisp. Meanwhile, heat a castiron skillet over very high heat. Add carrots, cover and cook for 10 minutes, uncovering and stirring frequently, until charred and softened. Transfer to a serving bowl and toss with parsley and butter season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Heat demiglace sauce to a simmer. Serve chicken and carrots, drizzled with sauce., ingredients: [6 chicken thighs, Salt, pepper and nutmeg, 2 large, sweet, juicy carrots, julienned, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 1 teaspoon butter, Chicken demiglace sauce], title: Baked Chicken Thighs with Charred Carrots, picturelink: null}, 16945: {instructions: Toss the arugula, walnuts, fennel, orange segments, pomegranate seeds and onions together in a large bowl.nWhisk together the Dijon, vinegar and orange juice in a small bowl. Whisk in the oil. Season with salt and pepper.nDrizzle the salad with the dressing to taste. Garnish with fennel fronds and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups arugula, 3 tablespoons chopped toasted walnuts, 1 fennel bulb, thinly sliced, plus 1 tablespoon chopped fronds, for garnish, 1 orange, segmented, plus the juice squeezed from the pulp, Seeds from 1 pomegranate, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pomegranate Holiday Salad, picturelink: lWR5LEaYlt50ke07sZUqk73ZdlUT2u}, 16946: {instructions: Brush a baking sheet well with some of the oil. In a food processor fitted with a 2millimeter slicing disk or with a hand held slicing device slice thin the potato on the diagonal cut one end of the potato on the diagonal to facilitate this and arrange the slices immediately in one layer on the sheet. Brush the slices with the remaining oil, sprinkle them with salt to taste, and bake them in the middle of a preheated 400 degree F. oven for 12 to 15 minutes, or until they are golden brown. Transfer the crisps while they are still warm with a metal spatula to a rack. Sprinkle rosemary over crisps and let them cool. The crisps may be made several days in advance and kept in a plastic bag at room temperature. Serve with a dollop of creme fraiche., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large russet baking potato, Rosemary, minced, to taste, Creme fraiche or sour cream], title: Rosemary Potato Crisps with Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 16947: {instructions: Build your salad on a large platter. Use bib lettuce as the bed, then layer the tomatoes and scatter the red onions around the platter.nCut the avocado in half lengthwise cutting around the pit. Separate the halves and scoop out the pit with a spoon, then use the spoon to scoop the avocado from its skin. Place the avocado in a food processor bowl and combine with lemon juice, chopped red onion, cilantro, coarse salt and water. Grind until the avocado mixture is smooth, then stream oil into dressing. Adjust seasonings and pour over salad, then serve. Dressing may be stored 3 or 4 days in airtight container., ingredients: [2 heads bib lettuce, cleaned and dried, 4 medium red vine ripe tomatoes, cut into wedges, 2 medium yellow vine ripe tomatoes, cut into wedges, 12 large red onion, thinly sliced plus 3 tablespoons chopped red onion, 1 ripe avocado, 3 lemons, juiced, Handful fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 3 tablespoons water, a couple of splashes, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Mexican Salad with Tomatoes, Red Onions and Avocado Dressing, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 16948: {instructions: In a heavy 6quart pot, brown the bacon until crisp. Remove the bacon, leaving the drippings. To the drippings, add the chopped onions and cook until very dark brown in color, about 40 minutes.nThen, add the bell pepper, celery, parsley, and green onions and cook for about 10 minutes over medium heat, stirring frequently, until they are soft. Add garlic powder and salt and pepper, to taste.nAdd the water, Kitchen Bouquet and the cooked bacon. When this mixture comes to a boil, add the raw shrimp and cook for 5 minutes. Add the raw, long grain rice and stir only once while it cooks. If the rice is not cooked well when juices are used up, simply add small amounts of boiling water to the pot until the rice is cooked.nKitchen Bouquet will add a nice, dark color to your jambalaya.nIn a small heavy skillet put one cup of sugar, cook until dark brown, add 1 cup of warm water. If sugar hardens, cook until it liquefies and add about 3 tablespoons to water in Jambalaya. Bitter taste goes away., ingredients: [13 pound bacon, 2 medium chopped onions, 1 medium bell pepper, 3 ribs celery, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 12 cup green onion tops, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Salt and red or black pepper, 8 cups hot water, 2 tablespoons Kitchen Bouquet, recipe follows, 2 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 cups long grain rice], title: Jambalaya, picturelink: null}, 16949: {instructions: In a nonstick pan, coated with a thin film of olive oil, cook the brunoise celery over medium heat until caramelized.nTransfer to a stainless steel bowl, and set in an ice bath to cool.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the chicken, onions, carrots, cooled celery, and the leeks with 2 egg whites and mix well.nIn a large pot, combine the chilled stocks. Add a small amount of the stock to the chicken mixture. Add the tarragon, parsley, peppercorns, bay leaves, and thyme and mix well.nTransfer the chicken mixture to the stockpot. Heat, stirring occasionally, until the chicken mixture forms a raft on top of the stock do not stir after raft has formed. Simmer on very low heat for 20 minutes.nStrain through cheesecloth and return to the stockpot. Reheat, removing excess fat with absorbent paper.nBlanch the celery and potato paysanne in boiling salted water, until crisptender. Shock in ice water and drain well. When ready to serve, place the paysanne vegetables, in 4 heated bowls. Carefully ladle 4 to 6 ounces of the celery essence into the bowls., ingredients: [14 ounces brunoised celery, 1 12 pounds chicken meat, ground, 1 34 ounces brunoised onions, 1 34 ounces peeled and brunoised carrots, 1 34 ounces brunoised leeks, 2 egg whites, 1 12 quarts veal stock, chilled, 1 12 quarts chicken stock, chilled, 2 whole tarragon sprig, 8 whole parsley stems, 10 whole black peppercorns crushed, 2 whole bay leaves, 3 whole thyme sprigs, 10 ounces celery, cut into paysanne, 10 ounces potatoes, cut into paysanne], title: Caramelized Essence of Celery Consomme, picturelink: null}, 16950: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9inch round cake pan and dust it with 1 tablespoon of the sugar.nIn a medium bowl, combine the cheese with the 34 cup sugar, lemon juice, lemon zest, and vanilla. Beat at medium speed until smooth. Beat in the egg yolks, one at a time, incorporating each one completely before adding the next. Turn the mixer to low and add the flour.nIn another bowl, using clean beater, beat the egg whites until firm. Beat one third of the egg whites into the cheese mixture. Gently fold in the rest of the egg whites. Spoon the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean and the cake is a deep golden brown, 35 to 40 minutes. Do not underbake or youll have an eggy mess. Cool for 15 minutes on a cooling rack. Remove the cake from the pan and cool completely.nIn a bowl, mix the peaches and blueberries together with the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar. You may need less or more sugar, depending on the sweetness of the fruit. Set aside.nWhen ready to serve, invert the cake onto a serving plate. Dust with confectioners sugar, and spoon the fruit on top of the cake, leaving a 1inch border all the way around. Cut and serve, garnishing each piece with a little whipped cream, if desired., ingredients: [34 pound fresh goat cheese, such as Haystack Mountain Boulder Chevre, at room temperature, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon minced lemon zest from 1 small lemon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 6 large eggs, separated, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 large peaches, peeled, pitted, and cut into 14 inch thick slices, 12 cup blueberries, Confectioners sugar, Whipped cream or creme fraiche optional], title: Goat Cheese Cake with Peaches and Blueberries, picturelink: null}, 16951: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine the cranberries, sugar, persimmons, juice, and zest. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Simmer about 10 minutes, until most of the berries have popped. Stir in the ground cloves, and the triple sec and walnuts if desired. Remove from the heat and allow to cool. Refrigerate until ready to serve, at least 2 hours., ingredients: [12 ounces fresh cranberries, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 ripe persimmons, peeled and cubed, 34 cup orange juice, 1 orange, zested, 2 tablespoons ground cloves, 1 tablespoon triple sec optional, 12 cup chopped walnuts optional], title: CranberryPersimmon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16952: {instructions: For the mulled cranberry juice: Combine the cranberry juice, brown sugar, cloves, star anise and cinnamon in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, then reduce to mediumlow and simmer for 30 minutes. Let cool to room temperature before placing in the refrigerator to cool completely. Strain just before using.nFor the punch: Combine the vodka, triple sec and 4 12 cups of the mulled cranberry juice in a large punch bowl over ice or a juice ice mold see Cooks Note. Stir to combine. Garnish with the orange twist if using., ingredients: [6 cups unsweetened cranberry juice, 3 cups light brown sugar, 10 cloves, 6 pods star anise, 3 cinnamon sticks, 9 cups vodka, 1 14 cups triple sec, Orange twist, for garnish, optional], title: Cranberry Cosmo Punch, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 16953: {instructions: Place peanut butter in a small pan and melt gently over low heat. Remove lid to hot fudge sauce and place the jar in microwave to heat through. Scoop vanilla ice cream into small dessert bowls or glasses and top with even amounts of peanut butter then fudge sauce. Garnish sundaes with wafer or pirouline cookies., ingredients: [1 cup chunky peanut butter, 1 cup hot fudge sauce, 2 pints vanilla ice cream, 4 wafer cookies or pirouline cookies], title: Peanut Butter Cup Sundaes, picturelink: null}, 16954: {instructions: In a Dutch oven, place the stew beef, bouillon cubes, salt, crushed red pepper, chili powder, chili flakes, curry powder, and water. Stir and bring to a rapid boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for 1 hour. Cut the bacon into small pieces and fry in a skillet until all of the fat is rendered. Remove the bacon from the skillet and reserve. Saute the greens and the onions in the bacon fat for 4 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the sauteed greens and onions along with the tomato puree, reserved bacon, and peanut butter to the stew. Stir and simmer, covered, for 1 hour. Serve with rice., ingredients: [2 pounds stew beef, cut into 1inch cubes, 3 beef bouillon cubes, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon chili flakes, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 4 cups water, 4 slices bacon, 2 pounds collard greens, washed, drained, and thinly sliced, 1 cup chopped onions, 1 28ounce can tomato puree, 12 cup peanut butter], title: African Chop, picturelink: null}, 16955: {instructions: Heat the peanut oil and vegetable juice in a frying pan and add the tofu and garlic. Cook 2 to 3 minutes. Add the bell peppers and green onions and cook 3 to 4 minutes longer. Add the remaining ingredients, and stir fry the mixture another 4 minutes., ingredients: [2 teaspoons peanut oil, 14 cup vegetable juice, 12 pound. tofu, diced into 1 inch cubes, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 green bell peppers, cored and julienned, 2 red bell peppers, cored and julienned, 4 whole green onions, chopped, 2 large ripe tomatoes, chopped, 14 pound mushrooms, washed and thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Pepper and Veggie Stir Fry, picturelink: null}, 16956: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Add instant coffee to melted butter. Set aside.nBeat the egg whites until stiff, set aside. Beat the egg yolks until lemon colored in an upright mixer. Add the sugar to the egg yolks and beat until combined. Add the brandy, vanilla, melted butter, and chocolate. Add the flour, just to combine. Fold in the egg whites and walnuts.nPour into a greased and floured 9inch springform pan and bake about 20 minutes. Center will be soft. Serve with whipped cream., ingredients: [1 tablespoon instant coffee, 2 sticks butter melted, 8 eggs, separated, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon brandy, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 16 ounces semisweet chocolate chips melted, 6 tablespoons flour, 1 cup chopped walnuts, Whipped cream, for garnish], title: Chocolate Mousse Cake, picturelink: jAGOdObekqrSxbF2BGX8BSaUbF2oYW}, 16957: {instructions: Heat butter in a large glass bowl in microwave on high until melted, about 30 seconds. Whisk in confectioners sugar, rum extract, and water, stirring to form a smooth sauce. Heat jam in a small glass bowl in microwave on high until just melted, about 30 seconds. In six small bowls or wineglasses, evenly distribute pound cake cubes. Pack cubes down slightly. Drizzle rum sauce and jam evenly over each. Spoon 3 tablespoons of pudding evenly over each. Refrigerate for 45 minutes. Garnish with raspberries and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 34 teaspoon imitation rum extract, 3 tablespoons water, 12 cup raspberry jam, 1 frozen pound cake 12ounce, thawed and cut into quartersize cubes, 3 containers 4 ounces each refrigerated prepared vanilla pudding, Fresh raspberries, for garnish], title: Raspberry Trifle with Rum Sauce, picturelink: JkpP7D8cG67B662ruFa4mrnP9gGjiaW}, 16958: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. To make the crust, combine graham crackers, melted butter and sugar in a medium bowl. Mix well with a fork to combine. Press the mixture into the bottom of a 9inch springform pan that has been coated with nonstick spray. Set aside.nTo make the filling, melt chocolate in a double boiler or medium bowl over simmering water. Set aside to cool slightly.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine cream cheese, sour cream, egg, and vanilla. Mix on low speed until smooth and creamy. Fold in sugar and flour. Pour filling into prepared pan.nDrizzle melted chocolate over surface of cheesecake. Using a toothpick swirl the chocolate into the filling, just until decorative swirls form dont overswirl, or youll lose the effect.nBake 1 hour, or until center is set. Turn off oven, prop open the oven door not all the way, just slightly, and allow the cake to cool 15 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack and cool completely. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 cup chocolate graham cracker crumbs, 3 tablespoons butter or margarine, melted, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 6ounce package semisweet chocolate morsels, 2 8ounce packages cream cheese regular or nonfat softened, 1 14 cups sour cream regular or nonfat, 1 egg, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: ChocolateSwirled Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 16959: {instructions: Melt butter in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add leeks, celery and onion. Reduce heat and cover. DO NOT ALLOW THE VEGETABLES TO COLOR. Sweat the vegetables until they are translucent. Add the potatoes and the stock. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and continue to simmer lightly until the potatoes are very soft. Add the asparagus and cook only until the asparagus is tender. Remove from heat and cool slightly. Using a blender, puree until smooth. Chill.nBefore serving remove from the refrigerator and stir in cream. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish with reserved cooked asparagus tips., ingredients: [2 ounces unsalted butter, 2 12 cups leeks, cleaned white parts only, chopped, 1 stalk celery, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 large white onion, peeled and cut to 1inch dice, 2 cups russet potatoes, peeled and cut to 1inch dice, 1 quart chicken or vegetable stock, 2 cups asparagus, fresh or frozen, reserve some tips for garnish, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and white pepper, to taste], title: Asparagus Vichyssoise, picturelink: null}, 16960: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Spray a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nIn a medium bowl combine the oats, nuts, maple syrup, salt, cinnamon and the raisins, if using. Spread the mixture onto the baking sheet and bake until golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes. Transfer the sheet to a cooling rack and let cool completely. Store in the refrigerator in an airtight container., ingredients: [Cooking Spray, 3 cups oldfashioned oats, 12 cup chopped raw, unsalted walnuts, 12 cup chopped unsalted almonds, 12 cup chopped unsalted pecans, 12 cup maple syrup, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup raisins, optional], title: Nutty Granola, picturelink: yEUtyIKWppFn58Xargi9Qg2bnRe2}, 16961: {instructions: Bring a skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to mediumhigh heat on the stove. Add slaw and 14 cup water. Stirring occasionally, cook until water has evaporated and slaw has softened slightly, about 5 to 8 minutes.nAdd soup, garlic, onion powder, dash each salt, black pepper, crushed red pepper, and 2 tablespoons grated topping. Stir and continue to cook until hot, about 3 to 4 minutes.nSeason with additional spices, if you like. Top with remaining tablespoon grated topping. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 12ounce bag dry broccoli cole slaw 4 cups, 1 cup lowfat creamy tomato soup or canned crushed tomatoes, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, or more to taste, Dash onion powder, or more to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Dash crushed red pepper, or more to taste, 3 tablespoons reducedfat Parmesanstyle grated topping], title: Slaw and Order, picturelink: gyzhitWoxpmX6jBS6gg.tgx2n67xPo2}, 16962: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the butter and the olive oil over low heat. Add the garlic, celery, carrot, onion, tomatoes, cayenne, half of the parsley, sugar, salt, and black pepper. Cover the pan and raise the heat to medium low. Simmer the mixture for about 5 minutes, until the vegetables are tender. Add the shrimp, cover the pan and cook for 3 minutes. Add the wine and the remaining parsley and stir until the liquid comes to a bare simmer. Remove from the heat and serve, accompanied by white or yellow rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small rib celery, finely chopped, 1 small carrot, finely chopped, 12 small onion, finely chopped, 2 large ripe tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 small bunch flat leaf parsley, leaves only, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds medium raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, 14 cup white wine], title: Haitian Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 16963: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the salt: Heat 14inch oil in a large, highsided skillet over mediumhigh heat the oil is hot enough when a pinch of cornmeal sizzles when added to the pan. Add the rosemary sprig and fry for 30 seconds until crisp. Using tongs, remove the rosemary sprig and drain on paper towels. Remove the leaves and finely chop to yield 1 tablespoon. Place the rosemary, salt, and lemon zest in a small bowl. Mix with a fork until combined. Set aside.nFor the chicken: In a medium bowl, mix together the chicken, garlic, rosemary, lemon zest, salt, and pepper. Add the cornmeal and toss until the chicken is coated. Add 12 the chicken to the same skillet used to cook the rosemary and fry until golden and crispy, 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Drain on paper towels. Repeat with the remaining chicken. Sprinkle with the rosemarylemon salt and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, Salt:, 1 6inch sprig fresh rosemary, 14 cup kosher salt, Zest of 12 large lemon, 1 pound chicken tenders, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, Zest of 12 large lemon, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup fine cornmeal or instant polenta], title: Crispy Chicken with RosemaryLemon Salt, picturelink: zNUuyM1ZMcDbX6y9R7V0O6caooiHdze}, 16964: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Rub the inside of an ovenproof casserole with a bit of oil or spray it with cooking spray to prevent sticking. Add the calabaza, apricots, and orange juice. Sprinkle with the brown sugar and cinnamon and dot with butter. Cover with aluminum foil and bake for 30 minutes, or until the calabaza is fork tender. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 pound calabaza, peeled and cut into 34inch cubes, 14 pound dried apricots, minced, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Cape May Calabaza, picturelink: null}, 16965: {instructions: Split open a baguette spread the inside with dijon mustard and fill with sliced smoked turkey and brie. Cut into 2inch pieces. Thread a cornichon and a sandwich piece onto each skewer toast over a flame until the cheese melts.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: TurkeyBrie Baguettes, picturelink: XXPX3uqXO0TQPMPLLQFB5J.AzRhMtM6}, 16966: {instructions: Special equipment: Assorted snowflake cookie cutters 3inch and 2inch cuttersnIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt, 12 teaspoon of the cinnamon and the nutmeg. In a separate large bowl using an electric mixer, beat together the butter, 1 cup of the granulated sugar and the brown sugar, mixing until pale yellow and fluffy, 3 minutes. Add in the vanilla and eggs and mix well. Slowly incorporate the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients and mix well.nTransfer the dough to a floured work surface, divide into two disks, wrap in plastic and chill in the refrigerator for about an hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.nWorking with one disk at a time, roll out the dough to 14inch thickness. Cut out snowflake shapes with the cookie cutters and place the cookies about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets place snowflakes of the same size on each baking sheet. Reroll the scraps to get as many cookies as possible, returning the dough to the refrigerator to chill if necessary.nIn a small bowl, combine the remaining 12 cup granulated sugar and 1 12 teaspoons cinnamon. Sprinkle the cinnamonsugar mixture over the snowflakes before baking.nBake just until the edges start to brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Bake one sheet at a time for even cooking and browning. Transfer the cookies to a wire rack and let cool.nDecorate with royal icing if desired., ingredients: [12 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, Royal icing, for decorating, optional, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring work surface, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Pinch nutmeg, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups granulated sugar], title: Snickerdoodle Snowflakes, picturelink: null}, 16967: {instructions: Puree the tomatoes to a smooth, creamy consistency in a food processor or with an immersion blender set aside.nHeat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet. When hot, add the guanciale and saute 5 to 7 minutes, until golden brown.nAdd the garlic and red pepper flakes and saute 1 minute. Add the pureed tomatoes, basil, and salt and pepper to taste. Reduce the heat to medium low and stir well. Cook, uncovered, 15 minutes, or until the sauce darkens and thickens. Toss with justcooked pasta and serve with a sprinkling of parsley and cheese and a drizzle of olive oil.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for serving, 14 pound guanciale or pancetta, diced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 6 fresh basil leaves, torn, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound bucatini or spaghetti, cooked until al dente, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, Grated parmigianoreggiano or aged pecorino cheese, for serving], title: Amatriciana Sauce, picturelink: UO.maZcClbhqOZ4lj8uFP3yazGGeHm}, 16968: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a cocktail shaker mix all the ingredients along with the ice. Shake well and pour into a chilled martini glass.nGarnish with a peach slice., ingredients: [2 ounces vanilla vodka, 1ounce peach schnapps, 2 ounces peach nectar, 12ounce fresh lime juice, Ice cubes, Peach slice, for garnish], title: Peach Martini, picturelink: f.l6U8P5v7LrLsXhlflYr9Z4VHuKVle}, 16969: {instructions: Stripe the eggplant with a vegetable peeler and cut into 12inchthick slices. Sprinkle the eggplant slices generously with salt, place in a colander and let sit 30 minutes. Rinse the eggplant under cold water and pat thoroughly dry.nMeanwhile, combine the olive oil and garlic in a small glass cup, and microwave just until the oil is hot and bubbling, about 20 seconds. Whisk together the yogurt, mint, cumin, cayenne, 2 tablespoons water and salt to taste in a small bowl.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or prepare an outdoor grill for mediumheat cooking. Brush the eggplant slices on both sides with the oil and garlic mixture. Grill until the eggplant is browned and tender, moving and turning the slices frequently, about 15 minutes. Drizzle the mint sauce onto the eggplant slices.nPer serving: Calories: 110 Total Fat: 7 grams Saturated Fat: 1 gram Protein: 3 grams Total carbohydrates: 11 grams Sugar: 5 grams Fiber: 6 grams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 130 milligrams, ingredients: [1 large 1 12pound eggplant, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup 2percent Greek yogurt, 1 teaspoon dried mint, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Pinch cayenne pepper], title: Grilled Eggplant With Yogurt and Mint, picturelink: KII1DPSS1tKw1SD3tIvsRIRaUbw8Pci}, 16970: {instructions: Bring the water and milk to a boil in a saucepot. Add the remaining ingredients, except honey turn the heat down to a simmer, cover, and steep for 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat and strain. Add honey and mix well. Store in refrigerator. Can be served hot or cold.nNote if using a glass pitcher, make sure to thoroughly warm the pitcher before adding hot chai., ingredients: [4 cups water, 4 cups whole milk, 12 teaspoon cardamom seeds, 12 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon whole cloves, 12 teaspoon cinnamon chips, 1 star anise, 1 whole nutmeg, 1 teaspoon peeled and minced fresh ginger, 1 Madagascar Bourbon vanilla bean, chopped fine, 4 teaspoons black tea leaves, strong, robust tea works best, 8 ounces grade A honey], title: Masala Chai, picturelink: null}, 16971: {instructions: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine butter, sugar, and salt. Beat on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add flour, and beat on low speed until dough forms around paddle. Turn dough out onto work surface, and divide into thirds. Sprinkle cocoa powder over 1 piece. Gather dough together, and blend by pushing it away from you with the palm of your hand. Continue kneading the dough until it is smooth and the cocoa is completely incorporated, 1 to 2 minutes. The process is messy and will take several minutes, but the dough will ultimately absorb the cocoa powder. Shape each piece into a disk. Wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour. Remove chilled dough from refrigerator. Set 1 blond disk aside. Divide remaining blond disk into 4 equal pieces. Divide chocolate disk into 5 equal pieces. Roll chocolate dough into 5 long, thin ropes 20 12 inches long and about 38inch in diameter. Roll blond dough into 4 long, thin ropes of the same dimensions as the chocolate ropes. Arrange ropes in a checkerboard design: Lay 1 rope of chocolate dough lengthwise on work surface. Place a blond strip adjacent to chocolate, and push together gently so that they will adhere to each other. Repeat with a second chocolate strip. There will be a layer of 3 ropes of dough chocolateblondchocolate. Brush top of layer with egg white. Repeat, alternating colors so that a blond strip is over chocolate strip, chocolate over blond, and blond over chocolate. To form third layer, repeat process, alternating colors. Press to form a square log. Roll out reserved blonde dough to a 21 12 by 6inch rectangle about 18inch thick. Trim edges. Brush with egg white. Place checkerboard log in center of rectangle. Fold dough up and over log to completely encompass it. Press lightly to seal. Halve crosswise. Wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line baking sheets with silpats or parchment paper set aside. Remove chilled log from refrigerator, and slice crosswise into 14inchthick sections. Place on prepared baking sheets about 1 12 inches apart. Bake until light golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes transfer to wire racks to cool., ingredients: [1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, Generous cup confectioners sugar, sifted, Pinch salt, 3 14 cups sifted allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 3 tablespoons cocoa powder, sifted, 1 large egg white, lightly beaten], title: Damiers, picturelink: null}, 16972: {instructions: For the crust:nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine the basil leaves, garlic and pine nuts. Slowly add the oil scraping down the sides a couple of times. Add Parmesan and season, to taste. Process briefly until combined. Add the eggs, egg yolk, and brioche crumbs. Mix for 1 minute and set aside. Arrange the fillets on a baking pan, pat dry, and season with salt and pepper. Place the crust mixture on a sheet of parchment paper level off to 14inch thick. Cut the parchment and the crust, using a sharp knife, to fit the size of each fillet, and gently slide butter on top of each fillet using a warmed spatula. Bake for 15 minutes.nFor the portobello mushrooms:nPreheat grill on high.nMix all ingredients and rub marinade over portobello caps. Cook on grill for about 5 minutes on both sides until both sides are charred. Once charred, remove from grill and transfer into a roasting pan. Roast in the oven for 10 minutes. Remove pan from the oven and keep warm.nFor the beurre blanc:nCombine the shallots, peppercorns, wine, lemon juice and vinegar in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Simmer for 7 minutes until the sauce liquids have reduced by twothirds. Add the cream and simmer for 10 minutes. Do not boil. Remove from heat and whisk in the butter a little at the time. Strain through a fine mesh strainer. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, and stir in the sundried tomato paste. Hold the sauce in a bainmarie or canister to keep warm until ready to serve.nFor the creamed fennel:nHeat large saute pan over medium heat. Add butter and melt, but be careful not to burn the butter. Once melted add the blanched fennel and saute over low heat. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Add heavy cream and reduce by half. Do not boil.nTo serve, arrange the creamed fennel in the center of each plate, top with the portobello mushrooms and the fish. Garnish with the broccoli and finish with the beurre blanc., ingredients: [2 cups fresh basil leaves, 4 cloves garlic, 1 cup pine nuts, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 2 whole eggs, 1 egg yolk, 1 cup butter brioche crumbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Six 6ounce halibut fillets, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 mediumsize portobello caps, wiped clean, 2 shallots, minced, 6 black peppercorns, crushed, 13 cup dry white wine, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 pound unsalted butter, room temperature, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup sundried tomato paste, 2 teaspoons butter, 4 fennel bulbs, julienned and blanched, 14 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 12 broccoli florets, blanched], title: Brioche and Pesto Crusted Halibut with Portobello Caps, Broccoli, Creamed Fennel and SunDried Tomato Beurre Blanc, picturelink: Mt848PcxCh5aqa6mKZZ.iGeBhvvl1Ta}, 16973: {instructions: For the honey vinaigrette: Add the rice wine vinegar, Dijon, honey, salt, pepper and garlic to a food processor or blender and pulse. Slowly blend while adding the oil in a steady stream. Remove 14 cup of the dressing for the salmon, reserving the rest for the salad.nFor the salmon: Preheat the broiler to high and adjust the oven rack 6 inches from the broiler. Drizzle the salmon with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the salmon skinside down on a foillined sheet tray. Broil the salmon 6 inches from the heat 10 to 12 minutes, then brush with the reserved dressing.nFor the lentil salad: Toss together the cooked lentils, pecans, sugar snap peas, scallions, avocados, lemon juice and red pepper. Dress the salad just before serving.nServe the broiled salmon over the lentil salad., ingredients: [13 cup seasoned rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 13 cup vegetable oil, Four 6ounce salmon fillets, 1 to 1 12inches thick, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 1 cup lentils, cooked according to package directions, 12 cup toasted and chopped pecans, 13 cup halved sugar snap peas, ends removed, 4 scallions, diced, 2 medium avocados, diced, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 red bell pepper, chopped], title: Broiled Salmon over Lentil Salad, picturelink: null}, 16974: {instructions: Heat the EVOO in a Dutch oven or large skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the rosemary, garlic, chiles, onions and some salt and pepper. Stir and cook for 5 to 7 minutes. Add the tomato paste, stir 1 minute, and then add the wine. To a food processor, add half of the chickpeas and the stock, and pulse into a fine chop but not a puree. Add the chickpea mixture to the sauce. Add in the tomatoes, breaking them up a little and add the remaining whole chickpeas. Reduce the heat to a simmer, and cook to thicken the sauce, about 20 minutes. Turn off and cool, then store for a makeahead meal.nReheat the sauce over medium heat, partially covered, adding a little stock or pasta water to thin, if necessary.nTo serve, bring a pot of water to a boil for the pasta. Salt the water, and cook the pasta to al dente. Remove 12 cup of the starchy cooking water and add to the sauce, if necessary. Strain the pasta and add to the sauce. Toss to combine for 1 full minute. Serve the pasta in shallow bowls topped with cheese and parsley., ingredients: [3 tablespoons EVOO, 2 to 3 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, finely chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped or sliced, 1 Fresno chile, finely chopped or 12 teaspoon dried chile flakes, 1 small onion, finely chopped, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup dry white or red wine, One 15 to 18ounce can chickpeasceci beans, lightly drained, 1 cup chicken stock, One 28 to 32ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, 1 cup passata or tomato puree, 1 pound wholegrain, farro or whole wheat spaghetti, Freshly grated pecorino, for topping, Handful fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped], title: Spaghetti with Chickpea Red Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16975: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt and malted milk powder.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and brown sugar on medium speed until completely combined. Scraping down the sides of the bowl, add the eggs and vanilla. Beat until combined.nAdd the flour mixture in 2 batches and beat until just combined. Add the malted milk balls, chocolate chips and walnuts and beat until just combined, about 10 seconds.nPour the mixture into a buttered 9 by13inch baking pan. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the blondie comes out clean.nTransfer to a wire rack and let cook for 20 minutes. Cut the blondies into squares and serve with ice cream., ingredients: [2 13 cups flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 tablespoons malted milk powder, 14 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 34 cups firmly packed dark brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 34 cup malted milk balls, coarsely chopped in a food processor, 34 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 34 cup toasted walnuts, chopped, Ice cream, for serving], title: Brewers Blondies, picturelink: null}, 16976: {instructions: Arrange sliced baguette or sliced crusty roll rounds on a cookie sheet or broiler pan. Toast under hot broiler until lightly golden on each side. Remove toasts from broiler and arrange on a serving plate. Remove goat cheese log or buttons from packaging and set on cutting board. Chop and combine fresh chives, rosemary and parsley. Add coarse black pepper to the herb mixture. Roll goat cheese in the herbs to coat evenly. Set goat cheese alongside toasts. Using a spreader or butter knife, spread herbed cheese on warm toasts., ingredients: [1 baguette, sliced, 8 ounces fresh goat cheese, 12 blades fresh chives, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves stripped from stem, 14 cup flatleaf parsley, 2 handfuls of leaves, Coarse black pepper, 1 crusty roll, sliced thin on an angle, 2 ounces fresh goat cheese, 2 buttons, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped parsley, 3 blades chives, 12 a sprig of rosemary, stripped], title: Herb and Goat Cheese Toasts, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 16977: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Line up 3 strips of salmon, making sure they overlap at least 12inch at the ends. Starting from one end, roll the salmon into a pinwheel and set aside. Line another 3 pieces up the same way. Take the first pinwheel, and starting from one end of the salmon strip, roll it up again. Repeat this step 2 more times, then put the salmon flower on the prepared baking sheet. With the remaining salmon, gently form more petals by wrapping them around the perimeter of the salmon flower on the baking sheet. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate.nPeel the potatoes and grate them on the largest holes of a box grater. Put into a colander and rinse well with cold water until the water runs clear and the starch is gone. Squeeze the potatoes dry a handful at a time, and transfer to a medium bowl.nHeat half the ghee in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat until shimmering. Add the potatoes, and using a spatula, press them firmly into the pan so that they are evenly spread out. Cook undisturbed until dark golden, about 10 minutes. Cover with a lid that is larger than the skillet and carefully invert the skillet so that the potato pancake sits on the lid, goldenside up. Add the remaining ghee to the skillet and heat until shimmering. Slide the potato pancake, goldenside up, back into the skillet and continue to cook until golden and cooked through, another 10 minutes.nSlide the potato pancake onto a serving plate and sprinkle with the chives. Using a spatula, transfer the salmon flower to the middle of the potato pancake and serve with the creme fraiche, lemon wedges, capers and onions on the side., ingredients: [8 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon, cut lengthwise into 12inchthick slices, 3 large russet potatoes 1 34 pounds, 13 cup ghee or vegetable oil, 14 cup sliced fresh chives, Creme fraiche, lemon wedges, capers and diced red onion, for serving], title: Potato Rosti with a Smoked Salmon Rose, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 16978: {instructions: These flavored butter recipes start with half a cup of softened butter. You can create different flavors in your butter by mixing in different herbs and spices. Once you have the basic recipe down, try other combinations. These butters are simple to make just mix the ingredients in a small bowl and beat the mixture until its fluffy. If you dont use all of it, roll the rest into a log shape and refrigerate or freeze it., ingredients: [12cup butter, softened, 14tsp. dried tarragon leaves, 1tsp. dried parsley flakes, 18tsp. dried thyme leaves, dash black pepper, 12cup butter, softened, 2 tsp. dried dill weed, 2 tsp. chopped chives, 12tsp. lemon juice, 12cup butter, softened, 2 tsp. chili powder, 1 tsp. lime juice, 18tsp. pepper, 14tsp. salt, 12tsp. pepper sauce], title: Flavored Butters, picturelink: null}, 16979: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn large bowl of stand mixer combine the egg whites and vanilla and beat until frothy. Add confectioners sugar gradually and mix on low speed until sugar is incorporated and mixture is shiny. Turn speed up to high and beat until mixture forms stiff, glossy peaks. This should take approximately 5 to 7 minutes. Add food coloring, if desired. For immediate use, transfer icing to pastry bag or heavy duty storage bag and pipe as desired. If using storage bag, clip corner. Store in airtight container in refrigerator for up to 3 days., ingredients: [3 ounces pasteurized egg whites, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 cups confectioners sugar], title: Royal Icing, picturelink: kgB1HO03fci4HTULRTKonh0aj3pNOYq}, 16980: {instructions: Put the steak in a baking dish and toss with the pickled jalapeno mixture let marinate at room temperature, 1 hour.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to medium high. Brush the jalapeno mixture off the steak season the steak with salt and pepper and grill until charred, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest.nSecure each onion slice horizontally with a wooden skewer. Brush the onion slices with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill, turning occasionally, until soft, 10 to 15 minutes. Meanwhile, put the poblanos and fresh jalapenos on the grill and char on all sides, about 8 minutes. Set aside until cool enough to handle, then peel off the skins, stem and seed. Cut the poblanos and jalapenos into strips. Once the onion slices are cool enough to handle, remove the skewers and separate into individual rings.nPreheat a large skillet over medium heat. Thinly slice the steak on the bias, against the grain. When the skillet is hot, coat the bottom with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the garlic and oregano and saute about 1 minute. Add the steak, onion and pepper strips and toss to heat through. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with tortillas, guacamole and pico de gallo.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [1 2pound flank steak, 1 cup pickled jalapeno peppers including the onions and carrots from the jar or can, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 medium white onion, sliced crosswise 12 inch thick, rings kept together, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 4 poblano peppers, 2 fresh jalapeno peppers, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Flour tortillas, guacamole and pico de gallo, for serving], title: Flank Steak and Rajas Fajitas, picturelink: d2BW.McYIFog4huCI9w27IPMx5mJ7E6}, 16981: {instructions: In mediumsized saucepan combine sugar and 12 cup of the water. Use a pastry brush dipped in cold water to wash down any sugar granules from the pots sides. Cook over a moderate heat, swirling the pan occasionally, until the color is dark brown and the mixture has the distinctive fragrance of caramel, about 10 to 15 minutes. Pour caramel into a 9inch round cake pan, coating the bottom and the sides, some caramel will be left over. Swirl to coat evenly. Slowly and carefully add the remaining 34 cup of water to the caramel left in the saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook over moderate heat until the caramel dissolves, about 5 minutes. Occasionally stir and brush down the sides with the pastry brush dipped in cold water to prevent crystallization. Set this caramel sauce aside to chill until serving time., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 14 cup water], title: Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16982: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSaute shallot in olive oil over mediumlow heat until softened. Set aside to cool.nTo make patties combine ground sirloin, ground chuck, salt, pepper, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, sage, and sauteed shallot in a large bowl. Mix well until all ingredients are thoroughly combined. Divide mixture into 6 equal portions and form patties 6 ounces each. Grill patties in grill pan over mediumhigh heat for 4 minutes on each side for medium rare.nWhile patties are cooking, prepare buns. Whisk eggs in a bowl with milk, salt, and pepper. Dip Portuguese muffin halves in mixture 1 at a time place each on a plate after dipping. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in saute pan over medium heat. Place 3 muffin halves into pan and fry, flipping once until both sides are golden brown. Place cooked muffins onto plate and cover with foil. Repeat process using 1 tablespoon butter for every batch of 3 muffin halves until all have been cooked.nWhen patties have been cooked, remove the patties from the grill pan and rest on a halfsheet pan. Top with cheese slices and tent with aluminum foil. Repeat process with the remaining patties.nTo assemble the burgers, place 1 patty with cheese on bottom half of the Portuguese muffin. Top with prosciutto, spread with 1 tablespoon of sauce, and add top of muffin. Serve., ingredients: [1 shallot, minced, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 pound ground sirloin, 1 pound ground chuck, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage leaves, 5 eggs, 14 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 Portuguese muffins, halved, 4 tablespoons butter, 6 slices Gruyere cheese, 6 slices prosciutto, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise], title: Croque Monsieur Burger, picturelink: R8ogxUvU1B9mHpO5pnEUFkAFVHk3GaS}, 16983: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large saucepan, add Zinfandel. Bring to a boil, lower heat, and simmer until reduce by 12.nHeat olive oil in a large heavybottom saute or roasting pan. Season beef short ribs generously with salt and pepper. Brown beef well on all sides, remove, and set aside. Remove all but 1 tablespoon of oil. Add vegetables, garlic, and thyme cook until lightly browned. Add beef short ribs back to the pan, add reduced wine and cover with chicken stock. Bring to a simmer, cover, and cook for 2 12 to 3 hours or until tender. Remove from and allow to cool.nRemove all fat, set aside beef short ribs, reheat liquid and then strain. Reduce liquid to a light sauce consistency, add beef short ribs and gently heat, and carefully remove beef short ribs to a heated platter. Serve., ingredients: [2 750 ml bottles Zinfandel, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 beef short ribs, Salt and pepper, 2 onions, peeled and cut into large dice, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into large dice, 2 stalks celery, cut into large dice, 1 leek, white part, cut into large dice, 12 garlic cloves, 6 sprigs thyme, 2 quarts chicken stock], title: Zinfandel Braised Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: YxEPNtxEcgJDGgBceWF8I9T6i7n.yrC}, 16984: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter 4 6ounce ramekins and set aside.nOver a double boiler, melt the butter and chocolate, whisking until smooth. Whisk in the sugar and transfer to a medium bowl. Whisk in the eggs and flour until smooth. Pour the batter into the prepared ramekins about 23 full. Place 1 of the small chocolate squares right in the middle of each cake and press down with your fingers so it rests in the middle of the ramekin. Bake the cakes until slightly puffy and set around the edges, 20 to 25 minutes. Dont worry if your cake tester comes out wet, the center should still be loose.nBYOC: Use a nice sea salt to garnish, or try toasted coconut flakes, toasted and chopped nuts, fresh berries in the summer or freshly whipped cream., ingredients: [12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 12 pound bittersweet chocolate, at least 60 percent, plus 8 1inch squares, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: Chocolate Molten Cakes, picturelink: yQFO2y3WwrtcDacygDUiyyJMDgWQQT.}, 16985: {instructions: Sprinkle the yeast over the warm water and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes.nIn a large bowl of a stand mixer or using an electric mixer, mix together the yeast mixture, milk, sugar, shortening, salt, eggs and 2 cups flour. Mix for a few minutes at low speed, or stirring with a wooden spoon.nBeat in remaining flour 12 cup at a time, until the dough no longer sticks to the bowl. Knead until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes Place the dough into a greased bowl and cover. Set in a warm place to rise until doubled in size. The dough is ready if you touch it and the indention remains.nTurn the dough out onto a floured surface and gently roll out to 12inch thickness. Cut with a floured donut cutter. Let the donuts sit out to rise again until doubled in size. Cover loosely with a cloth.nHeat the shortening in a deepfryer or large heavy skillet to 370 degrees F. Slide the donuts into the hot oil using a wide spatula. Turn the donuts over as they rise to the surface. Fry on each side until golden brown. Remove from the oil and drain on a wire rack.nWhile hot, dip the donuts into Maple Glaze, then into bacon pieces and set onto wire racks to drain off excess.nMix 2 cups sugar, corn syrup, maple syrup, maple extract and salt into mixer. Mix well, 15 to 20 minutes. Add additional cup of powdered sugar to get to desired thickness. You may also add additional maple extract for desired taste., ingredients: [3 envelopes active dry yeast, 13 cup warm water 105 to 115 degrees F, 2 cups lukewarm milk, 23 cup white sugar, 14 cup and 3 tablespoons shortening, plus 6 cups for frying, 1 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 eggs, 6 23 cups allpurpose flour, Maple Glaze, recipe follows, 1 pound hickory smoked bacon, cooked and finely chopped, 2 to 3 cups powdered sugar, 18 cup dark corn syrup, 18 cup maple syrup, 1 teaspoon maple extract, Pinch salt], title: Maple Glazed Bacon Long John, picturelink: GL4kdAwlaxSDB0w2VB673zW4PmNsvuS}, 16986: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace potatoes in pot and add water to cover. Bring water to a boil. When the water is brought to a boil, turn heat off and remove from stove top. Strain potatoes and place in a mixing bowl. Add olive oil, garlic, rosemary, salt and pepper, to taste, and toss to combine.nPlace the potato wedges on a sheet pan and roast in the oven, stirring often with spatula until golden brown., ingredients: [6 medium red potatoes cut in wedges, 8 teaspoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons chopped rosemary leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Rosemary Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 16987: {instructions: In a large pot cover potatoes with cold water by 1inch. Add garlic salt and bring to a boil over high heat. Lower temperature and simmer until tender.nWhile potatoes are simmering, pour buttermilk in a saucepan and add butter. Bring to a simmer. Add chives and alfredo sauce mix. Remove from heat and set aside.nDrain potatoes and return to the pot. Using a potato masher coarsely mash the potatoes until smooth. Slowly add the buttermilk mixture and mix until creamy. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [4 pounds white creamer potatoes, 1 tablespoon garlic salt, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons fresh or dried chives, 2 tablespoons alfredo sauce mix recommended: McCormick, Salt and pepper], title: Buttermilk Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: g3VgK8VpngWSGXsojjiRAAcu6WR6f9O}, 16988: {instructions: Preheat grill. Remove the planks from the water and place on the grill until hot. Have ready 4 sheets of aluminum foil cut into 16 by 16inch sheets. Remove the planks with tongs and place 1 plank in the center of each piece of foil. Brush the salmon on both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Wrap the aluminum around the salmon, return to the grill and cook for approximately 10 minutes or to medium well doneness. Remove each fillet from the plank and drizzle with the sauce.nIn a blender or food processor, combine the peppers, vinegar, garlic, saffron, honey, and mustard and blend 30 seconds. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until it emulsifies. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 cedar 12 by 12inch cedar planks, soaked in water for 3 hours, 4 salmon fillets 6 ounces each, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 yellow peppers, charred on the grill, seeded and coarsely chopped, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 6 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, Pinch of saffron threads, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 34 cup pure olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Cedar Plank Salmon with Yellow Pepper Saffron Sauce, picturelink: null}, 16989: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. In a large bowl, mix together the apricots, cherries, sugar and flour. Grease an 8 by 8inch or 1 12 quart baking dish with the butter. Pour the fruit mixture into the dish. In a separate bowl, mix together the oatmeal, flour, brown sugar, butter, cinnamon and salt and mix well. Top the fruit with this mixture and place in the oven. Bake for 25 minutes, or until the topping is golden brown. Remove from the oven and cool for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 12 pounds apricots, peeled, pitted and sliced 12inch thick, 1 pound cherries, pitted, 34 cups sugar, 14 cup flour, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup oatmeal, 34 cup flour, 34 cup brown sugar, 12 cup butter, melted, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Apricot and Cherry Crisp, picturelink: null}, 16990: {instructions: Heat grill or grill pan to mediumhigh.nFill a small skillet with about 1inch water and bring to a boil.nGrate the garlic onto acutting board and add a couple teaspoons salt, mash into paste with the flat of your knife.nAdd salt to boiling water and cook green beans 1 minute then drain and cool under cold running water then reserve.nReserve 15 of the pasted garlic, about 1 clove and add the rest to a shallow dish. To the garlic, add the lemon zest, fennel seed, chopped thyme, rosemary, parsley and about 14 to 13 cup extravirgin olive oil and some black pepper. Stir with a fork to combine then add chicken pieces and coat evenly. Grill chicken 12 to 15 minutes until juices run clear.nBring a medium saucepan of water to a boil.nTrim asparagus of tough ends. Add salt and the asparagus to the water and blanch for 2 minutes. Remove from the water and place into an ice water bath to cool. Once cooled, pat dry with paper towels, drizzle with a touch of extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Divide the asparagus into 4 piles and roll 2 layered slices of prosciutto around each pile to form bundles. Grill 7 to 8 minutes until prosciutto is crisp and spears are tender.nPlace basil and mint leaves in a food processor with the nuts. Add some salt and pepper and turn processor on. Stream in about 14 to 13 cup extravirgin olive oil to form a thick pasty sauce. Transfer the sauce to a bowl. Stir in the reserved garlic paste and the grated cheese. Add the cooled green beans and the canned beans to the bowl and stir to combine. Adjust seasoning.nRemove chicken from the grill and squeeze the juice of 1 of the zested lemons down over the meat while still hot.nServe 1 piece each chicken breast and thigh with an asparagus bundle and some bean salad alongside., ingredients: [5 cloves garlic, peeled, Salt, 14 to 13 pound fresh green beans, trimmed and cut into 2inch pieces, 2 lemons, zested, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 5 to 6 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped and finely chopped, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves stripped and finely chopped, A handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 12 to 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided, Black pepper, 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, 4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 1 pound asparagus spears, 8 slices prosciutto, 1 cup basil leaves, about 20 leaves, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, 5 to 6 stems stripped of their leaves, A handful pine nuts, 3 to 4 tablespoons, lightly toasted and cooled, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, rinsed, 1 15ounce can garbanzo beans, rinsed], title: LemonGarlicHerb Chicken with Grilled Prosciutto Wrapped Asparagus and Pesto 3 Bean Salad, picturelink: nouIs2Z0yn9nEdWszgdGSsry.6SAr6}, 16991: {instructions: Mix 1 cup light brown sugar, 34 cup dijon mustard and the grated zest and juice of 1 orange in a bowl.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [], title: MustardOrange Glaze, picturelink: 01uXCVnBGQKiTWvCDzPHtUNXyJ7Gs1y}, 16992: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 1 untreated cedar planknSoak the cedar plank in cold water for 2 hours the cedar plank should be completely immersed in water, so weigh it down a heavy bowl works well.nCombine marinade ingredients in a shallow nonreactive dish large enough to hold the salmon. Place the salmon in the marinade and turn to coat let marinate at room temperature for 30 minutes.nPreheat a grill to medium heat.nPlace the cedar plank on the hot grill. Once the cedar plank starts to smoke, place the salmon fillet on top of it, skin side down. Arrange the sliced onions on top of the salmon. Pour the marinade over all. Cover the grill and cook for 15 minutes. If the plank catches on fire, it can be lightly sprayed with water. The cooking time will vary based on the thickness of the salmon allow 10 minutes per inch of thickness. The salmon may be served on the cedar plank, but be careful not to overcook as the salmon will continue cooking while resting on the hot cedar plank., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 2pound salmon fillet, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced], title: Barbecued Cedar Plank Salmon, picturelink: kZTuIvqVLbbTm4RIhZlNqhnSM3NnjNi}, 16993: {instructions: For the onion marmellata, place a large, heavy pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil and the onions. Stir to combine and cook until starting to sizzle, about 2 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients. Reduce the heat to low. Cover the pot and cook over low heat for 2 hours, stirring every 30 minutes to scrape up any brown bits. The onions should be a soft, jamlike consistency and a deep mahogany color.nMeanwhile, for the pork chops, combine the rosemary, thyme, garlic, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Using your fingers, work all the ingredients together until well combined. Rub the herb mixture over the pork chops. Cover with plastic wrap and reserve in the refrigerator.nAbout 20 minutes before the onions are finished, remove the pork chops from the refrigerator. Place a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Grill the pork chops to medium, about 7 minutes a side depending on thickness. To serve, spoon the onion marmellata over the pork chops. Sprinkle with the chopped parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 4 large onions, thinly sliced about 3 pounds, 14 cup orange marmalade, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar or more to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 to 6 pork chops, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Pork with Sweet Onion Marmellata, picturelink: T3DxQtrNZxPg8njMbTzKXiDt2deFHzu}, 16994: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium mixing bowl combine the crabmeat, celery, mascarpone cheese, mayonnaise, sour cream, Dijon mustard, lemon juice, and chives. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Spoon the crab mixture into the egg halves.nTransfer the filled eggs to a platter and serve., ingredients: [4 ounces lump crabmeat, 12 stick celery, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 hard boiled eggs, peeled, halved, and yolks removed], title: Deviled Eggs with Crab, picturelink: PG062Q8pGafV0eMzGIleIv3D3vlLXaK}, 16995: {instructions: With a sharp knife split the vanilla bean down the middle lengthwise. Open the bean and scrape out the vanilla seeds over a bowl. Remove the peel and pith from the oranges. Cut between the segments to remove the orange supremes from the membranes. Set supremes in bowl with vanilla seeds and squeeze remaining juice from the membranes. Mix the vanilla seeds and supremes and sweeten lightly with superfine sugar. Add drops of Cointreau or Grand Marnier to taste. Spoon into crystal wine glasses. Center crystallized violet in center., ingredients: [Fresh vanilla bean, 6 Navel oranges, 1 to 2 tablespoons superfine sugar to taste, Cointreau or Grand Marnier, Crystallized flowers], title: Orange Supremes with Fresh Vanilla Bean, picturelink: null}, 16996: {instructions: Build a multilevel fire in the grill: Leave 14 of the bottom free of coals, bank the coals in the remaining 34 of the grill so that they are 3 times as high on 1 side as on the other. When the coals are all ignited and the temperature is hot Hold hand about 5inches above grill grid, over the area where coals are deepest, for 2 seconds or less, the grill is ready to cook.nPat the steaks dry with paper towels, then rub them all over with 14 cup of the olive oil and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Place the steaks over the hottest part of the fire and cook until well seared on 1 side, 6 to 8 minutes. Then move them to the medium hot part of the grill and cook, turning once, until they are done the way you like them, 10 to 15 minutes more for rare. Check for doneness.nMake mushrooms while grilling steaks: Combine the mushrooms, the remaining 14 cup of olive oil, and the teaspoon of pepper in a large bowl. Toss gently until the mushrooms are well coated and all the oil is absorbed.nWhen steaks are done, transfer them to a serving platter, cover loosely with foil, and let them rest while grilling mushrooms. Put the mushrooms on the mediumhot part of the grill and cook, turning occasionally, until they are golden brown and moist all the way through, about 8 to 10 minutes. Slice the cooked mushrooms and put them back in the bowl along with the butter, parsley, and sherry, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss gently to coat.nTo serve, cut the meat away from the bone, then cut it into thick slices. Divide them among 4 serving plates and spoon mushrooms over the top., ingredients: [2 giant 2 to 2 12inch thick porterhouse or Tbone steaks, about 2 pounds each, 12 cup olive oil 14 cup for steak, 14 cup for mushrooms, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds mixed large mushrooms portobellos, shiitake, creminis, chanterelles, oyster, or other kinds, trimmed, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup roughly chopped fresh flat leaf parsley, 3 tablespoons dry sherry], title: Grilled Giant Porterhouse or Tbone with Grilled Exotic Mushrooms, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 16997: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nArrange 1 phyllo sheet on a work surface with a short side of phyllo nearest you, keeping remaining sheets covered, and brush with some butter. Top phyllo with 3 more sheets of phyllo, brushing each with butter. Arrange bananas 1 above the other, horizontally, on lower third of phyllo, leaving a 1inch border on both sides trim bananas if too long. Sprinkle chocolate over bananas, then fold sides of phyllo toward middle over ends of bananas. Fold bottom edge of phyllo over bananas and roll up bananas in phyllo.nTransfer strudel, seam side down, to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper or to a buttered baking sheet, then brush strudel with beaten egg. Cut 4 12inchlong steam vents diagonally along top of strudel with a sharp knife. Bake in middle of oven until golden, about 12 to 15 minutes. Cool slightly on a rack, then dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [4 17 by 12inch phyllo sheets, covered with 2 overlapping pieces plastic wrap and then a damp kitchen towel, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 firmripe bananas, 2 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate not unsweetened, finely chopped, 1 large egg, beaten with 1 teaspoon water, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Lightly sweetened whipped cream, as an accompaniment], title: Banana Chocolate Strudel, picturelink: null}, 16998: {instructions: Heat a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat and add the onion, garlic and bacon. Cook until the bacon is crisp, about 12 to 15 minutes. Stir in the stock and 1 cup of the heavy cream. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and add the plantains. Simmer the mixture until the plantains are tender, about 5 to 8 minutes. Add the remaining 14 cup of heavy cream and the salt and pepper. Mash together until well combined. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve.nCooks Note: Add a little more stock if the mash is too dry., ingredients: [1 onion, minced, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 6 to 8 slices bacon, minced, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 14 cups heavy cream, 4 to 5 ripe plantains, roughly chopped, 1 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon coarse ground black pepper], title: Plantain Mash with Bacon, picturelink: null}, 16999: {instructions: Make the aioli: Combine the mayonnaise, blue cheese, hot sauce, garlic, and pepper to taste in a small bowl and stir well.nMake the sandwiches: Lay 4 slices of bread on a cutting board. Spread 2 to 3 teaspoons or so of the aioli on each slice, then top each with 8 halfpieces of bacon, a few slices of tomato, some red onion and a single piece of lettuce. Top each with another slice of bread. Slice the sandwiches in half. Photograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, 2 tablespoons hot sauce such as Franks or Petes, 1 small clove garlic, grated, Freshly ground pepper, 8 12inchthick slices countrystyle white, wheat or rye bread, lightly toasted, 16 strips goodquality thickcut bacon, cooked and cut in half, 3 large tomatoes, thinly sliced, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 4 leaves Bibb lettuce], title: BLTs With Blue CheeseBuffalo Aioli, picturelink: 9i9xoWQNbebgezKMXEA7dE.aO.MTZO}, 17000: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large ovenpoof skillet over mediumhigh heat, add all of the marinade ingredients. Bring to a boil and cook until reduced by half. Add the eggplant and mushrooms and cook for 5 minutes.nPut the pan into the oven and cook until the eggplant and mushrooms are soft and caramelized, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with sesame seeds., ingredients: [6 tablespoons soy sauce, 4 tablespoons sesame oil, 3 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons corn oil, 2 tablespoons hot water, 6 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons minced scallion, 1 tablespoon finely minced garlic, 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 bunch Thai basil, leaves roughly chopped, 2 Japanese eggplants, sliced 12inch thick on the bias, 12 cup oyster mushrooms, torn into pieces, Toasted sesame seeds, for garnish], title: Sesame Roasted Eggplant Thai, picturelink: null}, 17001: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the wheat berries and 3 cups of boiling salted water in a saucepan over low heat and cook, uncovered, until they are soft, about 45 minutes. Drain.nPlace the squash, onion, red and yellow bell peppers and green pepper on a sheet tray and drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss to combine. Lay out a piece of foil and add the garlic. Drizzle with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Wrap the garlic in the foil and add to the sheet tray. Roast the vegetables until the peppers are lightly charred and the squash is tender and evenly browned, about 30 minutes, tossing halfway through for even cooking.nRemove the vegetables from the oven and let stand until cool enough to handle. Finely dice the onion and peppers. Add to a large bowl with the squash and set aside.nAdd the garlic to a small bowl and mash it with a fork Stir in the vinegar and mustard and season with salt and pepper. Whisk in the olive oil.nIn a large bowl, combine the warm wheat berries, roasted vegetables and vinaigrette. Allow the salad to sit for at least 30 minutes for the wheat berries to absorb the dressing. Just before serving, add the currants and basil and season with salt and pepper. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup hard winter wheat berries, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium butternut squash, peeled, seeded and cut into 34inch cubes about 2 cups, 1 red onion, peeled and quartered, 12 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and quartered, 12 yellow bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and quartered, 12 green pepper, such as Anaheim or poblano, stemmed, seeded and quartered, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 14 cup peeled cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup dried currants, 2 tablespoons fresh basil chiffonade], title: Wheat Berry Salad with Butternut Squash and Peppers, picturelink: null}, 17002: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDissolve the yeast in warm water in a large bowl and let stand for 5 minutes. Stir in 3 cups flour and the salt, stirring until smooth. Stir in an additional 2 cups flour continue adding flour 1 tablespoon at a time up to 12 cup, stirring until the dough comes away from the bowl but is still sticky. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead with lightly floured hands. Start by slapping the dough onto the counter, pulling it toward you with one hand and pushing it away from you with the other. Fold the dough back over itself use a bench scraper or a wide knife to help scrape the dough from the surface. Repeat until its easier to handle, about 10 times. Finish kneading normally until the dough is smooth, elastic and soft, but a little tacky, about 10 minutes. Shape the dough into a ball and transfer to a lightly oiled bowl turn to coat. Cover with plastic and let rise in a warm place until it doubles in volume, about 3 hours. Press it with your finger to see if its done an indent should remain.nPrepare the charcoal in a chimney starter allowing the charcoal to burn until all the charcoal is covered with a thin layer of gray ash and add to the grill, creating a twolevel fire by spreading the coals out over half the grill bottom, piling them up in a mound 3 briquettes high, leaving the other half with no coals.nGently remove the dough from the bowl and divide in 4 pieces. Shape the pieces into rounds and let them rest on a sheet pan, covered with a clean side towel, for 30 minutes.nStretch and shape each piece of dough into a large rectangle or circle on a flat surface. Brush the tops of each with the some olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill directly over the coals, oiledside down, and grill until lightly golden brown, about 1 minute. Flip over and grill for 1 minute longer. Remove from the grill and arrange the taleggio over the top. Then dollop on some ricotta and sprinkle with ParmigianoReggiano. Return to the grill on the opposite side for indirect grilling. Cover and grill until the cheese is melted and bubbly. Top each pizza with the arugula and drizzle with truffle oil., ingredients: [2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast one 14ounce envelope, 2 cups warm water 105 degrees F to 115 degrees F, 5 to 5 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, preferably organic, 2 teaspoons fine sea salt, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for the bowl, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound taleggio cheese, rind removed and cut into thin slices, 2 cups fresh ricotta cheese, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 4 ounces baby arugula, White truffle oil, for garnish], title: Roman Pizza Bianca, picturelink: 4Nyo7JOPgjUuhkKXAcRlLrC7UImHfYm}, 17003: {instructions: Cover the yucca with cold salted water, bring to a boil, and cook the yucca until very tender, about 30 minutes.nSoak the onions in the vinegar for 30 minutes.nCrush the garlic and place in the oil. Heat the oil until almost smoking. Place the onions on top of the yucca. Pour the very hot oil over the yucca., ingredients: [1 pound yucca, 1 white onion sliced, 14 cup white vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, 12 cup olive oil, Salt], title: Yucca con Mojo: Yuca with Garlic Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17004: {instructions: To prepare the salmon, in a small bowl, combine mustard, lemon juice, thyme, rosemary, and pepper. Brush mixture all over both sides of salmon steaks and transfer salmon to a large, shallow baking dish. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 30 minutes, or up to 4 hours. Preheat grill or broiler.nPlace salmon steaks on grill or under broiler and cook 4 minutes per side, or until forktender and cooked through.nTo make the salsa, place chile peppers on hot grill or under broiler and cook 4 minutes, turning frequently, until charred on all sides. Wrap peppers in plastic wrap and let stand 5 minutes. Remove skin from peppers, halve, seed, and cut into small dicesized pieces. Transfer to a small bowl and add papaya and red onion. Set aside.nWhen ready to serve, spoon salsa over salmon steaks., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, Four 4ounce salmon steaks, about 1inch thick, 2 serrano chile peppers, 1 12 cups diced fresh papaya, 2 tablespoons minced red onion], title: HerbGrilled Salmon with PapayaChile Salsa, picturelink: null}, 17005: {instructions: In a large heavy saucepan, heat the butter and oil over medium heat. Add the onions and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, until slightly golden. Add the poblanos and the garlic and cook for 2 minutes more, until the aroma of the garlic is released. Add the tomatoes, fish broth and bay leaf. Increase the heat to high and bring the mixture to a boil. Add the potatoes, bring back to the boil, and decrease the heat so the mixture is simmering. Cover the pan and simmer the soup for 15 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender but not falling apart. Stir in the milk and simmer for 5 minutes more, then add the corn kernels, corn rounds, shrimp, salt and pepper and simmer for an additional 4 minutes. Taste for seasoning and serve in heated bowls, sprinkled with a few leaves of cilantro., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 medium onions, finely diced, 2 Poblano chiles, toasted see Note and diced, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 6 plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 1 cup fish broth or clam juice, 1 bay leaf, 6 small new potatoes, peeled and halved, 3 cups milk, 1 cup corn kernels, fresh or thawed frozen, 1 ear of corn, shucked and cut crosswise into 12inch rounds, 1 pound medium raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 small bunch cilantro, leaves only], title: Shrimp, Corn, and Potato Soup, picturelink: null}, 17006: {instructions: To make the guachup, heat the vegetable oil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat for 2 minutes. Add the onions and saute until soft and browned, 4 minutes. Stir in the guava paste, brown sugar, allspice, curry powder, orange juice, lime juice and vinegar. Cook over low heat until the guava paste has melted, about 15 minutes, stirring often. Remove from the heat, cool slightly, and then transfer to a blender and puree until completely smooth.nPreheat your oven to 350 degrees F. Set the oven racks at the uppermiddle and lowermiddle positions. Line 2 baking pans with parchment paper and set aside.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat for 1 minute. Add the chorizo and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until it is completely cooked through, about 6 minutes. Transfer the chorizo to a paper towellined plate to drain and cool slightly. Put the chorizo on a cutting board and chop it up into small pieces, transfer to a mixing bowl. Crumble the white bread into the chorizo and mix well to combine.nDust your work surface with flour and place 1 thawed puff pastry sheet on top, with a long edge towards you. Cut the pastry in half lengthwise, giving you 2 long strips, and then cut each strip into 3 squares. Put a heaping tablespoon of the chorizo mixture in the center of the pastry square. Brush the edge closest to you with egg wash, and, starting at the opposite edge, roll the pastry over itself to enclose the filling, turning it onto the eggbrushed edge to seal. If at any time the pastry gets too warm and hard to handle, place it on the baking sheet and in the freezer for a few minutes to chill quickly.nPlace the chorizo rolls, seam side down, on the prepared baking pan. Flatten the rolls slightly with the palm of your hand. With the tip of a knife, slash the top of the pastry 3 times. Repeat the process with the remaining sheet of puff pastry and chorizo filling. Brush the chorizo rolls with egg wash. Bake until the pastry is puffed and golden, about 20 to 25 minutes. Cool for a couple of minutes and serve warm with guachup on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 8 ounces guava paste, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon curry powder, 2 oranges, juiced, 3 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 12ounce package raw Mexican chorizo, casings removed, 2 slices white bread, crusts removed, 1 17.3ounce package puff pastry, defrosted, 2 large eggs plus 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash, Allpurpose flour, for dusting], title: Chorizo Rolls with Guachup, picturelink: f7u7njozJb0eVSw6nFD86WT6mlPpViu}, 17007: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange the bacon on a baking rack set over a sheet pan in a single layer and roast for 20 to 30 minutes, until nicely browned. Drain on a plate lined with paper towels and cut in 1inch pieces.nMeanwhile, combine the mayonnaise, mustard, Parmesan, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Lay 12 slices of bread on a board and spread each one lightly with butter. Flip the slices and spread each one generously with the mayonnaise mixture. Dont neglect the cornersnGrate the cheeses in a food processor fitted with the largest grating disk and combine. Distribute the bacon evenly on half the slices of bread. Pile 13 cup grated cheese evenly on top of the bacon and top with the remaining bread slices, sauceside down.nMeanwhile, heat an electric panini press. When the press is hot, cook the sandwiches for 3 to 5 minutes in batches until the bread is toasted and the cheese is melted. Allow to cool for 2 minutes. Cut in half and serve warm., ingredients: [12 slices thickcut bacon, such as Nodines applewood smoked, 1 cup good mayonnaise, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 white pullman loaf or sourdough bread, sliced 12 inch thick 12 slices, 6 tablespoons salted butter, at room temperature, 6 ounces aged Gruyere or Comte cheese, 6 ounces extrasharp Cheddar, such as Cabot or Shelburne Farms], title: Ultimate Grilled Cheese, picturelink: null}, 17008: {instructions: Heat a griddle or a small skillet over medium heat.nSlice the bread into 14inch thick slices. Take 2 slices and butter 1 side of each slice. Put the bread, buttered side down, onto the griddle. Place a square of chocolate on top of 1 slice and top it with some sliced fruit. Cover with the other slice of bread, buttered side up, and grill on both sides until the chocolate is melted. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Serve immediately.nCooks Note: Experiment with other fruits, chopped nuts, or different kinds of chocolate., ingredients: [1 Italian baguette the bread needs to be dense, Unsalted butter, softened, Thin chocolate squares, unwrapped recommended: Ghiradelli Chocolate Squares, Sliced banana, Sliced strawberries, Sliced blackberries], title: Chocolate Breakfast Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 17009: {instructions: Place the grated zucchini in the middle of a kitchen towel. Twist the ends together and squeeze the juices out of the vegetable. In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, heat the 1 tablespoon of the oil with garlic. Saute the zucchini, dill and salt and pepper until tender but still crisp. Toss the zucchini with remaining oil and check seasoning. Top with parsley., ingredients: [2 large zucchini, grated, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 garlic clove, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley], title: Zucchini Hash, picturelink: null}, 17010: {instructions: Toss 4 cups cubed Italian bread with 2 tablespoons each olive oil, sliced almonds and grated parmesan, the zest of 12 lemon, and salt and pepper. Spread on a baking sheet and bake at 425 degrees F, about 8 minutes. Meanwhile, puree 14 cup each olive oil, sliced almonds and grated parmesan, the juice of 1 lemon, 3 anchovies, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard and 1 garlic clove in a food processor season with salt and pepper. Toss with redleaf lettuce and the croutons.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Almond Caesar Salad, picturelink: 2hiC39X9Jjz.XiCZtEcMVvoYR2Lz0Pq}, 17011: {instructions: Heat a saute pan to very hot and add the salt. Reduce the heat and saute for 3 to 5 minutes. Turn heat off and add the peppercorns. Mix and let stand.nTo make the batter, slowly add cold water to the flour and baking powder to achieve a batter with the consistency of runny pancake batter. Add the snapper to the batter and coat well.nIn a wok on high heat, fill with 2 to 3inches of oil and heat. Add the snapper and deep fry for about 5 minutes, or until fully cooked. Set aside on paper towels. Season with the Indonesian spiced salt. In the same hot oil, quickly flash fry the long beans until brown and crispy.nOn a large oval platter, place a large mound of the noodles in the center and top with the snapper and long beans. Garnish with basil sprigs.nIn the same wok the snapper and long beans were cooked in, drain the oil leaving 2 tablespoons. On high heat, stirfry the garlic until lightly brown, about 2 minutes. Add the chives and sambal tomat. Add the eggs and stir quickly for 20 to 30 seconds. Add the noodles, chiles, tomatoes, water spinach, and basil and cook until the spinach wilts. Season with salt and pepper and check for flavor. Serve with lime wedges and opal basil., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon Szechwan peppercorns, ground, 2 tablespoons ground Indonesian black peppercorns, Water, 1 cup selfrising flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 pounds red snapper, boneless fillets, cut into 2inch pieces, Peanut oil, for frying, 12 pound Chinese long beans, cut into 2 inch lengths, Garlic Fried Noodles, recipe follows, Basil sprigs, for garnish, 12 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 cups garlic chives or scallions, 12 cup sambal tomat, 3 eggs, beaten, 1 pound fresh egg noodles, blanched, 2 Thai bird chiles, minced, 12 cup tomatoes, cut into 14inch dice, 1 pound water spinach or baby spinach, cleaned, 12 cup opal basil, 18 inch ribbon, plus a few sprigs, for garnish, Salt and black pepper, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Crispy Snapper with Indonesian Spiced Salt and Garlic Fried Noodles: Mie Goreng, picturelink: null}, 17012: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake peach syrup by heating peach juice with a little sugar in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat until thickened. Add more sugar, to taste, if desired. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature.nPlace 2 to 3 scoops sorbet in a parfait glass. Drizzle peach syrup over sorbet and place wafer cookies around scoops. Garnish with fresh mint., ingredients: [Peach juice fresh or bottled, Sugar, 2 pints peach sorbet, 1 box sugar wafer cookies, Fresh mint, for garnish], title: Sweet Peach Sorbet with Crunchy Wafer Cookies, picturelink: kakDE4y8EvUBKihPzCPAzpCPa3Zspe}, 17013: {instructions: Combine 1 cup of the olive oil, the Worcestershire, red pepper flakes, onions, scallions and lemons in a large bowl or large ziptop bag. Add the chicken pieces and toss to coat. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least a few hours.nPrepare the coals on an outdoor grill to medium hot or heat a gas grill. If using coals, bank them to one side of the grill so that one side is hot and the other less so.nRemove the chicken and vegetables from the marinade and transfer to 2 baking sheets. Discard the marinade. Sprinkle the chicken pieces well with salt and pepper and then place the chicken, onions, scallions and lemons onto the grill. You may lose some scallions or lemons, but hopefully most wont fall through the gratesnPut the cover on the grill to increase the heat and cook the hell out of the chicken. The grill will smoke like crazy, but try to resist opening the lid for 7 minutes or so. Open the lid, flip the chicken and continue cooking, mostly covered, until the chicken is cooked through, about 35 minutes total. If the chicken, lemon and onions are getting too charred, reduce the heat or move them to a cooler part of the grill, flipping as needed. Remove from the grill and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving.nMeanwhile, mix together the remaining 14 cup olive oil, the parsley, vinegar and anchovies, if using.nTo serve, brush the bread with olive oil and grill on both sides. Divide the chicken, lemon, scallions and onions among serving plates. Place the tomato wedges alongside and drizzle with the vinaigrette. Serve with the grilled bread., ingredients: [1 14 cups extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 to 2 pinches crushed red pepper flakes, 2 medium onions, sliced into 12inchthick rounds, 2 bunches scallions, roots trimmed, 1 lemon, sliced, 2 whole chickens, 2 12 to 3 pounds each, cut into 8 pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 to 3 anchovies, well rinsed, finely chopped, optional, 4 to 6 slices ciabatta bread, 6 to 8 medium very ripe heirloom tomatoes or juicy beefsteak tomatoes, cut into wedges], title: Grilled Chicken with Charred Lemon and Heirloom Tomatoes, picturelink: ycnKe6Hohz0mIfi8nTK0eV.RZU2u2}, 17014: {instructions: For the clementine marmalade: Put the clementines with the skin on in a pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until tender, about 30 minutes. Drain and let cool.nThinly slice the clementines and remove any seeds. Return to the pot along with the sugar and the lemon zest and juice. Simmer over low heat until the peels are translucent and candied, about 1 hour.nFor the pastry puffs: Combine the milk, butter, granulated sugar and salt in a heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and quickly add the flour, stirring with a wooden spoon. Return to the heat and cook, stirring constantly, until the dough pulls away from the sides of the saucepan and forms a thick, smooth ball, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the heat. Beat in 4 eggs, one at a time, with the wooden spoon until smooth and thick. When you put a small amount of dough between two fingers and pull your fingers apart, two peaks should form on the dough.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F 220 degrees C. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nTransfer the dough to a piping bag. Pipe mounds on the prepared baking sheet, spacing them about 2 inches apart. Beat the remaining egg with a bit of water for the egg wash, and use a pastry brush to gently brush it over the tops of the dough. Gently flatten any peaks on top of the mounds. Sprinkle with the crushed pistachios and brown sugar.nBake for 15 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C and bake until the pastry puffs are golden and dry inside, 15 minutes more. Turn the oven off. Prop the oven door open so that it is slightly ajar, and let the pastry dry in the oven for 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool on a wire rack.nFor the custard cream: Whisk together the cream and 12 cup sugar in a saucepan. Add the scraped vanilla and bean. Bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar, and remove from the heat.nBeat the egg yolks and remaining 12 cup sugar until thick enough to hold a ribbon on the surface when you lift up the whisk. Slowly beat in the hot cream mixture. Return the mixture to the saucepan and cook, stirring constantly, until it coats the back of a wooden spoon, about 5 minutes. Strain into a bowl and press a piece of plastic wrap directly onto the surface of the custard to prevent a skin from forming. Refrigerate until cold, about 1 hour.nStir 1 cup 250 ml clementine marmalade and the whole pistachios into the cold custard. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, about 4 hours.nFor the chocolate sauce: Bring the cream just to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the chocolate, melt it and stir with a wooden spoon until smooth. Keep warm.nTo serve, split the pastry puffs in half, fill the bottom half with a scoop of the frozen custard and replace the top. Place on a plate and drizzle with warm chocolate sauce. Sprinkle with pistachios. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 clementines, 2 cups500ml sugar, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 cup250ml milk, 12 cup125ml butter, 1 tablespoon15ml granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon5ml salt, 5 large eggs, 14 cup60ml toasted pistachios, crushed, 14 cup60ml coarse brown sugar turbinado, 2 cups500ml 35percent cream, 1 cup250ml sugar, 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise and seeds scraped, 8 egg yolks, 1 cup250ml whole shelled pistachios, plus more for garnish, 2 cups500ml chopped goodquality dark chocolate, 1 cup250ml 35percent cream, 1 cup250ml flour, sifted], title: Clementine Profiteroles with Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17015: {instructions: Season the swordfish with salt. Pour some flour on a plate and dredge the swordfish in the flour. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, cook the swordfish until golden on all sides, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate.nReduce the heat to medium add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil to the pot. Add the garlic, onion and red pepper flakes and cook about 3 minutes. Season with salt and add the wine. Cover and cook, stirring a few times, until the onion is tender, about 5 more minutes.nAdd the seafood to the pot in layers, starting with the clams, then the shrimp, calamari rings and tentacles, and the swordfish. Cover and cook until the clams have just opened, about 6 minutes. Lightly stir, cover again and simmer 5 more minutes. Discard any clams that do not open. Stir in the butter, parsley, vinegar and salt to taste. Serve with bread.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 pounds swordfish, dark spots trimmed, cut into 1 12inch cubes, Kosher salt, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 large onion, sliced, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 34 cup dry white wine, 1 pound manila clams about 24, scrubbed, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 pound small calamari, tentacles separated, bodies sliced into rings, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar or fresh lemon juice, Grilled or toasted crusty bread, for serving], title: White Seafood Brodetto, picturelink: 0RorDadT4j.P.DA8t6qWiprcDJUOW}, 17016: {instructions: Scoop ice cream into fountain drink glass add rootbeer and stoli. Garnish with whipped cream and shaved milk chocolate., ingredients: [1 scoop Godiva vanilla ice cream, 3 ounces rootbeer, 2 ounces Stoli vanilla, Whipped cream, for garnish, Shaved milk chocolate, for garnish], title: Rootbeer Rocket, picturelink: null}, 17017: {instructions: In a large bowl with heavyduty electric mixer, or by hand with a wooden spoon, beat peanut butter, corn syrup, dry milk and vanilla until well blended. With mixer on low speed or with a spoon, gradually beat in as much confectioners sugar as the mixer can handle. Scrape mixture onto work surface and knead in any remaining sugar. For each mouse, break off enough mixture to roll into a 1inch ball for the body, then enough to roll into a 12inch ball for the head. Press small ball on to large ball, then lightly pinch head to form a rounded nose. Break off enough mixture to form two small balls for ears. Press each ball between thumb and forefinger to flatten. Press onto head. Repeat with remaining mixture. Dip end of a toothpick in water. Shake off excess. Touch toothpick to a colored nonpareil it will stick. Press onto end of nose. Repeat with 2 more nonpareils for eyes. Cut a length of licorice lace and insert into body for tail, ingredients: [12 cup smooth peanut butter, 12 cup light corn syrup, 1 cup nonfat dry milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 13 cups confectioners sugar, Multicolored nonpareils, Red licorice laces], title: PeanutCandy Mice, picturelink: null}, 17018: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nSpray 4 of the tortillas with cooking spray or brush with olive oil. Lay the oiled tortillas on a large cutting board oiledside down. Brush with the mustard and sprinkle with about half of the cheese. Top each evenly with a thin layer of ham, onions and some pepper, and then finish with the remaining cheese.nBrush the apple butter evenly on the remaining tortillas. Place one applebutter tortilla on top of a hamandcheese tortilla filling sides in, and firmly press the tortillas together to make a quesadilla.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Lay a quesadilla oiledside down in the pan and cook until golden brown and the cheese starts to melt, about 2 minutes. Spray the top of the quesadilla with cooking spray, turn and cook until the other side browns and the cheese is melted, 2 to 3 minutes more. Transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven. Repeat with the remaining quesadillas.nCut the quesadillas into 4 wedges and arrange on plates. Toss the apples with lemon and juice and cinnamon to taste. Serve with the apple slices., ingredients: [Eight 6inch whole wheat tortillas, Cooking spray or olive oil, for oiling tortillas, 1 tablespoon spicy brown or Dijon mustard, 1 cup shredded lowsodium Swiss 4 ounces, 4 ounces very thinly sliced lowsodium lean Black Forest or Virginia ham, 12 small red onion, extra thinly sliced, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons nosugaradded apple butter, plus more for topping, optional, 2 small apples, cut into thin sticks red and green, Lemon juice and ground cinnamon for tossing], title: Ham, Apple and Cheese Quesadilla, picturelink: p9yj4MvkE7lCTeRKBBcYn2D9I.QmPgu}, 17019: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water with salt to a boil and cook the green beans until just tender. Drain the green beans and plunge into a bowl of ice water to cool. Drain thoroughly.nIn a large bowl whisk together the lemon juice, garlic, lemon rind, salt and pepper. Add the olive oil gradually in a stream whisking constantly until well combined. Just before serving, add the green beans and kidney beans. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to a decorative serving dish and sprinkle with the feta cheese, crispy bacon pieces and sunflower seeds.nNote: The acid from the lemon will quickly discolor the green beans, therefore this dish should be assembled at the last minute before service and served immediately. The salad will keep for 2 to 3 days in the refrigerator and will taste fine although the green beans will be discolored., ingredients: [1 12 pounds green beans, trimmed and cut into 2inch pieces, about 4 cups, Salt, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 clove garlic, smashed to a paste, 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 can red kidney beans, rinsed and drained, 23 cup crumbled feta cheese, 3 slices of thickly cut slab bacon, cut crosswise into 14inch pieces and cooked until crispy, 12 cup roasted shelled sunflower seeds], title: Two Bean Salad with Feta and Sunflower Seeds, picturelink: null}, 17020: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCut kernels off corn cobs using a sharp knife. Toss kernels with oil, spread on a baking sheet and roast for 25 minutes, or until softened and lightly caramelized. In large saucepan over medium heat, cook bacon until brown. Add celery, carrots, and onion to bacon and sweat for 10 minutes. Add flour to the vegetables and cook for 3 minutes. Add corn, potatoes, and heavy cream and gently simmer for 45 minutes or until reduced and thickened. Season with thyme, sea salt, and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Whisk in truffle butter and serve., ingredients: [6 ears sweet corn, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 10 strips bacon, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 rib celery, finely chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and finely chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 2 quarts heavy cream, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons truffle butter], title: Sweet Corn and Truffle Chowder, picturelink: null}, 17021: {instructions: Season breasts with salt on both sides. Dredge breasts in the rub, skin side down only, tapping off any excess. Heat oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Cook the squab, rubside down, in the pan until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Turn over and cook for 2 to 3 minutes for medium doneness. Divide the white chicory among 4 plates. Slice the squab on the bias into 4 slices and arrange on top of the chicory. Sprinkle with the goat cheese. Ladle the Wild Mushroom Vinaigrette lightly over the greens and squab and around the plate. Garnish with chopped chives.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl. Will keep stored in an airtight container for 6 months.nHeat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper, and cook until golden brown. Whisk together the vinegar, shallot and mustard in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil and whisk until emulsified, whisk in the truffle oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Fold in the mushrooms and set aside., ingredients: [4 4 to 5 ounce squab breasts, Salt, 12 cup Sixteen Spice Rub, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 ounces white chicory, trimmed, washed, and patted dry, 8 ounces aged goat cheese, crumbled, Wild Mushroom Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Finely chopped chives, for garnish, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon ground fennel, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon pasilla chile powder, 2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons chile de arbol, 2 teaspoons chipotle chile powder, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 2 teaspoons allspice, 2 teaspoons cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound wild mushrooms oyster, cremini, and shiitake chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup Chardonnay vinegar, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon white truffle oil], title: Sixteen Spice Rubbed Squab Salad with Aged Goat Cheese, White Chicory and Wild Mushroom Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 17022: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Spray 12 3inch ramekins or tins with nonstick cooking spray and flour them with cocoa powder discarding any excess. Over a double boiler, combine chocolate, sugar and half the cream and melt until smooth, stirring occasionally. Cool slightly.nIn the bowl of a standing electric mixer, fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the mascarpone cheese and the remaining cream until smooth. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Pour in the chocolate mixture and beat until smooth. Divide the batter among the prepared ramekins, filling them almost to the very top, as the batter will not rise too much.nBake for 30 minutes until almost completely set when you jiggle the ramekin. Cool slightly and carefully turn the cakes out of the ramekins.nFor Wine Glaze:nCombine dessert wine and 3 Tbsp. sugar in small sauce pan. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer until larger bubbles form, stirring occasionally with spoon to monitor thickness. Set aside to cool. Turn the warm cakes out into the center of the plates sift powdered sugar on top, and drizzle cakes and plates with squiggles of dessert wine syrup. Serve hot., ingredients: [8 oz. bittersweet chocolate, broken into pieces, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, divided, 8 oz. mascarpone cheese, room temperature, 3 large eggs, 1 cup fortified dessert wine Sherry, Tawny Port or Madeira, 3 Tbsp. sugar, Nonstick cooking spray, for preparing pans, Cocoa powder, for preparing pans, Confectioners sugar, for garnish, Candied orange peel, for garnish], title: Flourless Chocolate Cakes, picturelink: null}, 17023: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chimichurri:nCombine the parsley, oregano, cilantro and garlic in a food processor and pulse until coarsely chopped. Add the paprika, vinegar, oil and salt and pepper, to taste, and process until smooth. Scrape into a bowl and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving.nThe sauce can be made 8 hours in advance tightly covered and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before serving.nFor the steak and sausages:nHeat the grill to high. Brush the steak and sausages with oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the steak until golden brown and slightly charred on both sides and cooked to mediumrare doneness, about 4 minutes per side. Grill the sausages until golden brown on both sides and just cooked though, about 15 minutes. Remove the steak and sausages from the grill to a cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice and reserve.nFor the eggs:nHeat a large cast iron pan on top of the grill. Once the pan is hot add the butter and eggs and either fry or scramble. Remove the eggs to a serving platter and top with the chimichurri and sliced sausages. Arrange the steak around the eggs and serve with Garlic Toast.nFor the garlic toast:nHeat the grill to high. Toast bread on both sides until lightly golden brown, about 20 seconds per side. Remove from grill, rub with the cut side of garlic and drizzle with olive oil., ingredients: [2 cups packed fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, 1 cup cilantro leaves, 4 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon smoked Spanish paprika, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 8ounce filet mignon, 12 pound chorizo sausage, 12 pound hot Italian sausage links, Oil, for brushing, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Butter, 8 large eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Garlic Toast, for serving, recipe follows, 8 14inch thick slices country bread, 2 garlic cloves, cut in 12, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Grilled Steak and Eggs Argentinean Style, picturelink: U.7WmCswcZL01LWNanHQDiau3Aoso0C}, 17024: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large Dutch oven, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. When the oil is hot, add the ground meat. Cook and stir occasionally until browned all over and you can hear a slight crackling in the pan, letting you know the moisture has cooked away, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nReduce the heat to medium. Add the garlic, onions and half of the scallions and cook until wilted, about 5 minutes. Make a space in the pan and drop in the tomato paste. Let toast for 1 minute and then stir into the meat. Sprinkle on the chile powder. Cook and stir until fragrant, about 2 minutes.nPour in the beer and cook until almost reduced away, about 4 minutes. Pour in the tomatoes and stock and season with the red and green hot sauce. Adjust the heat so the chili is gently simmering and cook, uncovered, until the chili is thick, dark red and flavorful, about 1 12 hours. Serve in bowls with the remaining scallions and suggested toppings., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 pounds ground meat any combination of ground beef chuck, pork shoulder or veal shoulder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 large onions, chopped, 2 bunches scallions, chopped about 2 cups, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 6 tablespoons chile powder, One 12ounce bottle dark beer, such as Dos Equis, Two 28ounce cans whole fireroasted tomatoes, crushed by hand, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons red hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 2 tablespoons green hot sauce, such as Tabasco, Suggested toppings: 1 cup lightly whipped and chilled creme fraiche, sliced jalapenos, fresh cilantro leaves, diced tomatoes, sliced cherry peppers, shredded Monterey Jack and shredded Cheddar], title: Game Day Chili, picturelink: mrcIuF2cpljVYupuBtmv3Saf1e35Xq2}, 17025: {instructions: Add meats and cheese to roll. Top with lettuce and tomato. Pour on oil and vinegar mix. Spread mustard and mayonnaise on roll, close and serve., ingredients: [1 hero roll, sliced, 2 ounces sliced spicy cappicola, 2 ounces sliced salami, 2 ounces sliced provolone, 1 ounce iceburg lettuce, shreaded, 3 slices ripe tomato, Extra virgin olive oil and red wine vinegar mixed, 1 ounce mustard, 1 ounce mayonnaise], title: Italian Style Hero, picturelink: null}, 17026: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook according to package directions for al dente.nWhile the pasta cooks, trim the top and bottom off of each squash. Peel the squash in ribbons into a colander, using a vegetable peeler, turning the squash as you peel. Stop peeling the squash when you only have the center core of seeds left. Discard the core and seeds.nReserve 14 cup of the pasta water, and then drain the pasta over the squash ribbons. Put in a medium bowl and toss to evenly distribute the pasta with the squash ribbons.nToss the shrimp with 12 teaspoon kosher salt and some pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp, spread into a single layer and cook without stirring, until just turning pink around the edges, about 2 minutes. Stir the shrimp, add the tomatoes, garlic and pepper flakes and continue to cook until the tomatoes have softened and the garlic has toasted, about 1 minute. Add the pasta and squash ribbons, broth and the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Cook, tossing, until warmed through and most of the liquid has been absorbed. Add the pasta water a bit at a time, if needed, if the noodles seem dry.nSeason with additional salt and pepper. Divide among 4 bowls and top with the chives., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces whole wheat spaghetti, 1 yellow squash, 1 zucchini, 1 pound peeled and deveined medium shrimp, tails removed, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, optional, 12 cup lowsodium vegetable or chicken broth, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: Ribbony Shrimp and Pasta Scampi, picturelink: kYkn0pLeiSkcSaeMUJ6v0ldvXeWw7P.}, 17027: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil in a large 12inch skillet. Add the onion and saute over medium heat until translucent, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Add the wine and cook on high heat, scraping up all the brown bits in the pan, until almost all the liquid evaporates, about 3 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes, parsley, salt, and pepper. Cover, and simmer on the lowest heat for 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon good olive oil, 1 cup chopped yellow onion 1 onion, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 cup good red wine, such as Chianti, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, or plum tomatoes in puree, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Marinara Sauce, picturelink: 1NVELQQ5p19eGFgdDG8VtGNx0IxVOdG}, 17028: {instructions: Preheat a cleaned, oiled grill.nIn a bowl, mix together the minced lemongrass, scallions, ponzu, peppercorns, sugar, and soy. Add the scallops and marinate for 8 minutes before cooking.nRemove scallops and lay them on a flat surface. Skewer each one with the soaked lemongrass. Season lightly with salt and on the hottest part of the grill cook the scallops for only 1 minute a side.nIf available, lay out washed whole scallions and lemongrass stalks on a plate in a fan shape. Top with lollipops.nBeverage: Veuve Clicquot Blanc de Blanc or DVX, ingredients: [4 stalks lemongrass, white part finely minced, green part cut into 2 12inch skewers and soaked in water, 4 scallions finely sliced, save a little for garnish, 1 cup ponzu, 1 tablespoon toasted whole green peppercorns, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon naturally brewed soy sauce, 12 large sea scallops U8s, prepped and halved into disks], title: Grilled Ponzu Marinated Scallop Lollipops, picturelink: null}, 17029: {instructions: In a saute pan add olive oil, garlic, capers, sundried tomatoes, sliced black olives, broccoli and carrots, saute for 2 minutes. Add chicken and pasta, saute for 3 minutes. Add red pepper sauce and saute for 3 minutes. Top with freshly grated Parmesan., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped, 12 teaspoon capers, 14 cup sundried tomatoes, 1 tablespoon black olives, sliced, 12 cup broccoli, chopped, 14 cup carrots, julienne, 6ounce chicken breast, grilled and chopped, 12 ounces penne pasta, cooked al dente, 4 ounces pureed red peppers, Freshly grated Parmesan], title: Piazza Pasta, picturelink: null}, 17030: {instructions: Line a jellyroll pan with parchment paper and set aside. Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk together eggs and sugar and place in the top of a double boiler set over mediumhigh heat. Beat until mixture is hot about 140 degrees F. Remove from the heat and continue beating until mixture holds a limp peak. Sift together flour and salt and fold into egg mixture. Fold in butter a tablespoon at a time. Gently stir in vanilla.nPour batter into prepared pan, spreading out as necessary to create an even surface. Bake for 1315 minutes.nMeanwhile, prepare a rectangle of waxed or parchment paper that is the same size as the pan, and cover the paper with powdered sugar.nRemove pan from oven and immediately invert cake onto prepared paper. Remove parchment paper and trim cake to smooth sides. Let cake cool completely, then spread with Manjar Blanco. Roll cake and sprinkle the outside with powdered sugar.nTo serve, slice cake to form spirals. Serve with raspberry sauce if desired., ingredients: [5 eggs, 23 cup sugar, 12 cup sifted cake flour, 14 teaspoon coarse salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Powdered sugar to coat waxed paper, Manjar Blanco see recipe, Raspberry sauce optional], title: Pio Nono with Manjar Blanco, picturelink: null}, 17031: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 metal skewersnSpread a generous dollop of peanut butter onto one side of 8 of the cracker squares, and then spread the chocolatehazelnut spread onto one side of the other 8 squares.nThread the marshmallows onto 2 metal skewers and carefully toast over a flame on the stove top. Place 1 toasted marshmallow onto each of the peanutbuttercovered graham crackers. Top with the chocolatecovered crackers and sandwich together gently.nMelt the white almond bark and milk chocolate in separate glass bowls set over simmering water. Set aside to cool, stirring occasionally to keep the chocolate melted.nWhen the toppings are at room temperature, one by one dip half of the sandwiches in the white chocolate, allowing any excess to drip off. Work quickly, and then add on whatever sprinkles or toppings youd like to use. Repeat with the remaining 4 sandwiches, dipping them in the milk chocolate and finishing with the desired toppings.nPlace in the fridge for at least 30 minutes. Then you can store the smores at room temperature or in the fridge until youre ready to serve, ingredients: [12 cup smooth peanut butter, 16 graham cracker squares 8 whole rectangular pieces, halved, 12 cup chocolatehazelnut spread, 8 marshmallows, 1 package white almond bark, 1 package milk chocolate chips or other melting chocolate, Decorating suggestions: chopped pistachios, chopped pretzels, rainbow sprinkles and chocolate sprinkles], title: Chocolate Dipped Peanut Butter Smores, picturelink: 96mTggOv4CgJl1NKJeosVKv9sV3qS}, 17032: {instructions: Blend all ingredients together.nSaute spinach, shallots, pine nuts and craisins in olive oil at high temperature for a short period of time. Take off heat, set aside to cool.nCombine wine craisins and butter. Reduce to a syrupy sauce.nPuff pastry: 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, defrosted 1 egg yolk combined with 12 teaspoon saltnAssembly: Put pastry on a parchment lined sheet pan. Place salmon mousse down the middle and top with spinach filling. Roll pastry jellyroll style. Brush egg yolk over the entire surface and bake in a preheated 325 degree oven for about 40 minutes, or until golden brown. Let empanada cool down. Cut into 1inch thick sections and serve each slice with a generous portion of cranberry port sauce., ingredients: [12 pound salmon fillet, 1 cup whipping cream, Salt and pepper to taste, Lemon juice, 2 egg whites, 3 pounds spinach, 2 peeled shallots, chopped, 14 cup toasted pine nuts, 12 cup craisins, Olive oil, 1 quart port wine, 12 pound craisins, 12 pound butter], title: Empanada Barcelona, picturelink: null}, 17033: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPuree the watermelon in a food processor until smooth. Strain the juice into a bowl pressing on the pulp, then discard the solids.nPut the simple syrup, lime chunks, berries and mint in a pitcher and muddle until the berries are slightly crushed. Add the tequila and watermelon juice and stir to combine. Refrigerate until cold, at least 1 hour. Serve over crushed ice, garnished with mint sprigs., ingredients: [6 cups seedless watermelon chunks, 14 cup simple syrup, see Cooks Notes, 2 limes, cut into chunks, 1 12 cups fresh blueberries, 12 cup lightly packed fresh mint leaves, plus sprigs for garnish, 1 cup plata silver tequila, Crushed ice], title: Watermelon Plata Tequila Cocktail, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 17034: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Arrange the bacon on a slotted broiler pan or a baking rack set over a baking sheet. Bake until crisp. Remove from the oven to paper towels to drain. Reserve.nWhile the bacon cooks, heat a grill pan or outdoor grill to mediumhigh. Rub the steaks on both sides with the cut garlic cloves and dress with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil, chopped rosemary, and salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a large bowl combine the tomatoes, onions, basil and the remaining 3 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nGrill the steaks for 5 minutes on each side for mediumrare, more or less for desired doneness.nChop the bacon and add it to the tomato salad, then fold in the arugula.nServe the steaks whole or sliced with lots of salad on top, garnished with a few shaves of ParmigianinoReggiano., ingredients: [8 slices smoky bacon, 4 flat iron or sirloin steaks, 8 ounces each, 2 large garlic cloves, halved, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, plus 3 tablespoons, 2 sprigs rosemary, leaves chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pints cherry tomatoes or multicolored baby heirloom tomatoes, halved or quartered, 12 small red onion, chopped, 1 cup shredded basil leaves, 2 cups baby arugula, ParmigianoReggiano, for shaving], title: Steak with TomatoBacon Salad Topper, picturelink: null}, 17035: {instructions: For the special sauce: Whisk together the mayonnaise, ketchup, gherkins, sriracha and mustard in a small bowl until fully blended.nFor the burgers: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLine a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Set a rack on the baking sheet and lay the bacon on it in a single layer. Cook until crisp, 35 to 45 minutes, turning halfway through.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. When the oil shimmers, add the onions and cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are golden and caramelized, about 15 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, gently mix together the meat, Worcestershire, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Divide the meat into 6 equal portions and form each into a ball. Take one of the balls in your palm and, using the thumb of your other hand, gently poke straight into it to just beyond its center. Gently create a small cavity in the ball by pinching the meat between your thumb from the inside and your forefinger on the outside, pressing outward with your thumb and using the forefinger to maintain the round shape from the outside. Take care to leave the meat at least 14 inch thick. Fill the cavity with 1 to 1 12 ounces of the blue cheese. Gently and carefully close the opening in the meat around the cheese, being careful to seal it fully. Gently press the sphere between your palms to flatten it a bit, being careful not to create any openings. Repeat with the remaining meat and cheese.nPreheat the broiler. Put the buns on a baking sheet with the insides facing up. Toast the buns until golden, 2 to 3 minutes.nHeat a grill to mediumhigh heat and oil the grill grates. When hot, add 2 to 4 burgers, leaving space to comfortably flip them, and grill 2 to 3 minutes on each side for medium. Repeat with the remaining burgers.nTo assemble the burgers, arrange the bottom buns on a clean, dry work surface. Spread each with 1 to 2 tablespoons of the special sauce and then top with some of the caramelized onions, a burger, tomato slice, lettuce leaf, avocado slices, 1 slice of bacon, cut in half, and finally, the top of the bun slathered with more special sauce., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 teaspoons very finely diced gherkins about 2, 12 tablespoon sriracha sauce, 12 tablespoon horseradish mustard, 6 slices applewoodsmoked bacon, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates, 2 medium onions, halved lengthwise and then sliced crosswise 14 inch thick, 2 pounds ground sirloin, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 ounces mild blue cheese, cut into 12ounce cubes and chilled, 6 brioche hamburger buns, split, 2 medium tomatoes, sliced crosswise, 6 bunsize leaves Boston lettuce, 2 avocados, thinly sliced lengthwise], title: Tiffanis Ultimate Lux Burgers, picturelink: NHQZUh2kJj5G.ATvixkBch73AT89UG}, 17036: {instructions: Boil 1 bunch quartered baby turnips in 4 cups salted water, 5 minutes. Add the chopped turnip greens and 12 cup frozen lima beans cook 2 minutes. Remove the vegetables with a slotted spoon. Add 34 cup instant grits to the water add salt and cook, stirring, until thick, 5 minutes. Stir in the vegetables and 1 tablespoon butter. Season with pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Grits and Greens, picturelink: r0kh9Zc6I2fd3noLG15ey.fDhGFCPgW}, 17037: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat, and season generously with salt. Fill a medium bowl with ice water and season with salt, as well. Boil the spinach, uncovered, until tender, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon, do not drain, and immediately plunge the spinach into the ice water. Drain and squeeze the excess water from the spinach, and finely chop. Alternatively, if using thawed spinach, simply squeeze, and finely chop.nIn the same large pot of boiling water, cook the pasta shells until al dente, tender but still slightly firm. Drain and pat dry.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCover the bottom of a 9 x 13inch ovenproof baking dish with 1 cup of the marinara sauce. In a medium mixing bowl, evenly combine the ricotta, mozzarella, and 13 cup of the Parmesan, the eggs, and the spinach. Season with the 12 teaspoon salt, nutmeg, and pepper to taste. Spoon the cheese mixture into the manicotti shell and line them up in the baking dish. Cover with the remaining sauce. Scatter the remaining cheese on top and dot with the butter. Bake for 30 minutes. Serve immediately.nHeat the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Saute the onion and garlic, stirring, until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and the herb sprigs and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer, covered, for 10 minutes.nRemove and discard the herb sprigs. Stir in the salt and season with pepper to taste. Use now, or store covered in the refrigerator for up to 3 days, or freeze for up to 2 months.nYield: 3 12 cupsnCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 pound fresh spinach, stems trimmed and well washed or a 10ounce package frozen spinach, thawed, Kosher salt, plus 12 teaspoon, 12 manicotti shells, 3 cups marinara sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 cups ricotta cheese about 1 pound, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese about 4 ounces, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese or a mixture of half Pecorino and Parmesan, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, diced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 medium onion, diced about 3 tablespoons, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 12 cups whole, peeled, canned tomatoes in puree, one 28ounce can, roughly chopped, Sprig of fresh thyme, Sprig of fresh basil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Manicotti, picturelink: null}, 17038: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the garlic on a doublethick square of aluminum foil, drizzle with 12 teaspoon of the oil and fold up the foil to enclose the garlic securely. Place the garlic directly on the oven rack and bake until it is golden brown and meltingly soft, about 1 hour. Unwrap and set aside until cool enough to handle, about 5 minutes.nCombine the parsley, thyme and remaining 1 12 teaspoons olive oil in a small bowl. Remove the roasted garlic cloves from the white papery husks with the tip of a butter knife and place them in the bowl. Mash with a fork until smooth and spreadable. Spread the mixture evenly over the bread halves and sprinkle with the Parmesan and salt to taste. Place on a baking sheet and broil about 6 inches from the heat source until the top is just browned, about 2 minutes. Cut into 4 pieces and serve warm., ingredients: [12 head garlic horizontally split, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, One 4ounce wholegrain demi baguette or hoagie roll, halved lengthwise, 1 12 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan, Kosher salt], title: WholeGrain Herbed Garlic Bread, picturelink: O7t8rVq5mEhaqVI4LK3jiIdTnIUpVty}, 17039: {instructions: In a shallow bowl, combine flour, salt, and pepper and dredge fish in seasoned flour. In a saute pan over medium heat, heat oil until hot. Add fish to pan and cook until well browned on both sides. Remove fish and blot on paper. Return saute pan to heat. Add butter, let melt, and cook until brown. Add lemon juice, allow to sizzle, and add chopped parsley. Plate fish and drizzle lemon butter over top. Serve with asparagus., ingredients: [1 cup instant flour, Salt and pepper, 1 pound shad fillet, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons butter, Juice of one lemon, 14 cup chopped parsley], title: Sauteed Shad Fillet with Lemon, picturelink: null}, 17040: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Season the chicken with salt and black pepper sprinkle with the brown sugar, paprika and cayenne. Warm the vegetable oil in a 12inch ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook half of the chicken in the skillet until golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side transfer to a plate. Cook the rest, then return all the chicken to the skillet. Add the wing sauce and bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to medium and cook until the chicken registers 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 10 minutes. Let cool, then shred and return to the skillet. Add more wing sauce if desired, then broil until crisp and caramelized, about 4 minutes.nCombine the carrots, celery and tomatoes in a bowl and season with salt and black pepper.nMake the ranch dressing: Combine the mayonnaise, buttermilk, garlic, dill, honey, mustard, 14 teaspoon salt and a pinch of black pepper in a bowl.nSplit open the bread lengthwise. Put the blue cheese crumbles on the bottom, then add the chicken and veggies. Cut into small sandwiches and serve with the ranch dressing on the side.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon packed dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 cup Buffalo wing sauce, such as Franks RedHot, plus more if desired, 2 medium carrots, diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 2 tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 36inch loaf soft French or Italian bread, 1 cup crumbled blue cheese, 34 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup buttermilk, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon minced fresh dill, 14 teaspoon honey or agave syrup, 14 teaspoon dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Buffalo Chicken Subs, picturelink: IO1ruiIuShrOUEITK.HsxqPi1gb8mq}, 17041: {instructions: On top of a layer of aluminum foil and plastic wrap enough to make a pouch, put the salmon on a baking sheet skinside down. Pat the top dry with paper towels. Combine the coriander, mustard and cumin seeds in a small saute pan over low heat and toast, stirring constantly until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Remove, let cool slightly and coarsely grind in a coffee grinder.nSpread the chipotle over the top of the salmon fillet. Sprinkle the ground spices, lime zest and cilantro over and press into the flesh. Combine the salt and brown sugar in a bowl, drizzle with the tequila and then spread evenly over the salmon. Tightly wrap the salmon in the plastic wrap and aluminum foil. Place another baking sheet on top of the salmon and weigh down with bricks wrapped in foil or a heavy cutting board. Refrigerate for 48 hours.nRemove the salmon from the refrigerator and scrape off the curing ingredients. When cured, the fish should have a raw appearance and a firm but not hard texture. Slice the salmon against the grain paper thin and serve with accompaniments of choice.nServing Suggestions: .nCombine the vinegar, lime juice, sugar, salt, coriander seeds, mustard seeds and peppercorns in a small saucepan over high heat. Cook until the sugar and salt is dissolved. Remove from the heat and let cool for 5 minutes.nPut the onions in a medium bowl, pour the vinegar mixture over and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 48 hours before serving.nCombine the cream cheese, goat cheese, milk and salt and pepper to taste in a food processor and process until smooth and fluffy. Scrape into a bowl and fold in the scallions and dill.nCombine the cream cheese, milk and salt and pepper to taste in a food processor and process until smooth and fluffy. Scrape into a bowl and fold in the cilantro and jalapeno., ingredients: [One 2pound salmon fillet, skin on, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon pureed canned chipotle in adobo, Zest of 3 limes, grated, 12 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 2 cups kosher salt, 2 cups light brown sugar, 2 cups tequila, Pickled Red Onions, recipe follows, Herbed Goat Cream Cheese, recipe follows, Roasted JalapenoCilantro Cream Cheese, recipe follows, Capers, Sliced ripe beefsteak tomatoes, Sesame, everything, poppy seed bagels, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon coriander seeds, 14 teaspoon mustard seeds, 14 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 medium red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 ounces goat cheese, 2 tablespoons milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup thinly sliced scallions, 14 cup finely chopped fresh dill, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 2 jalapeno chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded and finely diced], title: Tequila Cured Salmon, picturelink: mhYbozg2Xqc1c2xRBhjNgrPblfTEQIW}, 17042: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Remove the wood chips from the water and spread evenly in the bottom of a roasting pan. Cover the top tightly with aluminum foil. Put in the oven until the chips get hot and begin to smoke, about 15 minutes.nRemove the pan from the oven and remove the foil from the pan. Put a baking rack inside the pan and arrange the chops on top of the rack, leaving a few inches of space between each one. Quickly cover with the foil again and let sit on your kitchen counter for 10 to 15 minutes.nWhile the pork chops are smoking, put the vinegar in a small pan over high heat and cook until reduced to 14 cup, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the maple syrup, allspice, and salt and pepper, to taste. Let cool slightly.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Brush the ridges with some of the canola oil. Brush the chops on both sides with some of the glaze and season with salt and pepper. Grill on both sides, brushing with more of the glaze, until golden brown and slightly charred and cooked to medium doneness, about 7 minutes per side. Remove from the grill, loosely tent and let rest for 5 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups wood chips hickory or applewood or mesquite, soaked in cold water for at least 30 minutes, 4 1inch bonein center cut pork chops, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup maple syrup, Pinch allspice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil], title: Cold Smoked MapleBalsamic Glazed Pork Chops, picturelink: kZTuIvqVLbbTm4RIhZlNqhnSM3NnjNi}, 17043: {instructions: Whisk all the ingredients for the Memphisstyle rub in a small bowl and set aside. Preheat grill to mediumhigh. Place 2 to 3 chicken thighs on a large 18x12 piece of Reynolds Wrapu00ae NonStick Foil. Generously sprinkle Memphisstyle rub on all sides of the chicken, gently pressing it down. Wrap up the chicken thighs in the foil and repeat with the remaining chicken thighs. Place foilwrapped chicken thighs onto the grill. Cover the grill and grill the chicken thighs for 15 to 20 minutes longer or shorter depending on thickness of chicken or until tender and juices run clear or meat thermometer reads 180 degrees F. After the chicken is cooked through, carefully place the foil packet on a large plate. Carefully open foil with a pair of tongs and then, if desired, place chicken thighs directly onto grill to get nice grill marks and some char. Afterward, let chicken thighs rest for 15 to 20 minutes or until cool enough to handle. Chop chicken into pieces. Boil a pot of water, and add the pasta and cook until al dente, about 10 to 12 minutes depending on the pasta shape you use. Drain. Melt butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Whisk in flour and chicken broth. Let thicken for 3 to 5 minutes. Add cheeses to the skillet and stir with a spatula until melted and smooth. Add the pasta to the cheese sauce and stir to incorporate. Add the chicken pieces to the mac n cheese and stir to incorporate. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve and enjoy, ingredients: [1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs, 2 12 cups cavatappi pasta, or similar shape such as rotini pasta, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup chicken broth, 1 heaping cup extra sharp cheddar cheese, 1 heaping cup intense white cheddar cheese, 12 teaspoon salt and pepper, Reynolds Wrapu00ae NonStick Foil], title: MemphisStyle Chicken Mac n Cheese, picturelink: sqjpjqn6qwNbEvGVw95aUq5T..de6wC}, 17044: {instructions: Pour the tequila and club soda into a pitcher. Add the limes, oranges and grapefruit and set aside for 10 minutes.nAdd enough ice to the pitcher so that the punch rises to the top. Serve in chilled glasses with some fruit in each glass., ingredients: [12 cup silver or gold tequila, 33 ounces citrusflavored club soda, 2 limes, quartered, 1 small unpeeled orange, cut into 1inch chunks, 12 small unpeeled grapefruit, cut into 1inch chunks, Ice cubes], title: Tequila Sunrise Punch, picturelink: 9EMQclf5UfgPfHOdqpgwWspXN78HWK}, 17045: {instructions: Special equipment: 10inch springform pan 212inch wide acetate ribbon, see Cooks Note.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nButter and flour a 10inch springform pan.nSift the flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt 3 times, set aside. Cream the butter with the sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time beating well after each addition.nCombine the buttermilk, coffee and vanilla extract.nMix in 13 of the dry ingredients, then half the wet ingredients. Repeat with the remaining dry and wet ingredients, finishing with dry. Pour the batter into the prepared cake pan. Bake for 1 hour, until a skewer inserted in the middle of the cake comes out clean. remove the cake from the pan after 15 minutes. Cool completely. Cut the cake into 2 layers.nSandwich whipped ganache between the 2 layers and spread more ganache on the top and sides of the cake. Wrap the chocolate covered acetate around the cake, chocolate side in, overlapping the ends slightly. Refrigerate the cake until the chocolate in the ribbon has set. Carefully remove the acetate before serving.nIn a medium pot over high heat bring the cream to a boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the chocolate. Stir rapidly until all the chocolate has melted and the mixture is a smooth even color. Cool to room temperature stirring occasionally. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Whip the ganache in a chilled bowl until stiff peaks form, see Cooks Note.nCut a piece of 2 12inch wide acetate ribbon long enough to wrap around the cake completely. Lay the acetate on a flat surface and spread the chocolate evenly over the entire surface using an offset spatula.nCarefully lift the acetate, chocolate side towards the cake, and wrap it around, lightly pressing it to the side of the cake. Work quickly the chocolate should still be sticky when wrapped around on the cake. Refrigerate the cake until the chocolate in the ribbon has set., ingredients: [Butter and flour, for spring form pan, 2 cups pastry flour, 34 cup cocoa powder, 112 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 cups sugar, 4 eggs, 12 cup plus 2 ounces buttermilk, 12 cup plus 2 ounces brewed coffee, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Milk Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows, Chocolate Ribbon, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 pound milk chocolate, finely chopped, 5 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted], title: Devils Chocolate Cake, picturelink: 4HBAszCwovSwYkmYMTBbgOWMhnqU6te}, 17046: {instructions: For the cookies: Beat the butter in a large bowl with a handheld mixer until fluffy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, add brown sugar, and continue beating until light, 2 to 3 minutes. Add egg and vanilla extract, beating until smooth. Gradually add the 2 cups flour and salt while mixing slowly to make a rough dough. Press dough into a ball by hand. Lightly dust the cookie dough with flour and roll it between 2 pieces of waxed paper into a 14inchthick disk. Slide the disk in the paper onto a cookie sheet and freeze until firm, about 20 minutes or refrigerate about 1 hour.nEvenly space the racks in the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nTransfer the dough to the work surface and remove the top sheet of paper. Cut into cookies with a 4inch flower or other decorative cutter and transfer them to a parchmentlined or nonstick baking sheet. Press excess dough together and roll and cut into cookies as well. Bake until cookies edges are golden, about 20 minutes. Cool on a rack.nFor the icing: Whisk the water and egg white powder in a medium bowl until foamy and smooth. Gradually whisk in the confectioners sugar to make a smooth icing. Spread a layer of icing over the entire surface of the cookies or just in the center, if desired with the back of a teaspoon. Place sprinkles, chocolate chips, or candies in the center of the cookies. Let rest until the icing sets, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, slightly softened, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for rolling out dough, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 14 cup water, 3 tablespoons egg white powder, 2 cups confectioners sugar, Sprinkles, chocolate chips, candies, or colored sugars, as desired], title: Flower Sugar Cookies, picturelink: null}, 17047: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a 9 by 9 square baking pan with parchment paper, making sure paper hangs over the edges. Grease paper with butter so the brownies dont stick. Melt butter and chocolate over a doubleboiler and stir gently until smooth and shiny. Remove from the heat and cool slightly.nSift together flour, baking powder, and salt into a mixing bowl and set aside. Whisk together eggs, sugar and amaretto in a mixing bowl until combined. Pour in chocolate mixture and continue to whisk until combined. Gradually add flour mixture, then add walnuts and incorporate with a wooden spoon. Transfer batter to baking pan and bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until a cake tester comes out clean when inserted into the middle of the pan. When done, invert onto a cutting board, remove paper and cut into squares. Garnish with powdered sugar and serve., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for pan, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate chips, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, 4 large eggs, 2 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons amaretto liqueur, 1 12 cups walnuts, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Amaretto Chocolate Brownies with Walnuts, picturelink: VtuzsP2aW9N3ROd.dMWTKN7JVLdaC2}, 17048: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine mango, tomatoes, onion, lime juice, and cumin. Toss to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [2 cups cubed fresh mango, 12 cup halved cherry tomatoes, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, 2 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and pepper], title: MangoRed Onion Salad, picturelink: WooDYQjhhQQ1lYAuMWO6hzv1MCtAhNu}, 17049: {instructions: Put 2 cups of the milk, both citrus zests, and the vanilla bean and tar in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Meanwhile, whisk the egg yolks and the 12 cup sugar in a medium bowl until lightened in color.nGradually pour the hot milk into the eggs while whisking constantly. Return the egg mixture to the pan and set over medium heat. Stir constantly with a wooden spoon in a figure 8 motion until the custard thickens slightly and coats the back of the spoon, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and immediately stir in the remaining cup milk to stop the cooking. Transfer custard to a large bowl cool to room temperature. To speed this up, set bowl in another bowl of ice.nPut about 1 inch of water in a saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Put the egg whites and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar in a heatproof bowl large enough to rest in the saucepan without touching the water. Set the bowl over the simmering water and beat until the sugar dissolves and the egg whites feel warm to the touch, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat and beat the whites with an electric mixer until they hold a soft peak, about 3 minutes. Fold the egg whites into custard mixture. Add the rum and bourbon, cover, and refrigerate until ready to serve.nTransfer eggnog to a punch bowl or pitcher. Pour into small cups and garnish with freshly grated nutmeg and citrus zest. Drink., ingredients: [3 cups milk, 1 large strip orange zest, 2 large strips lemon zest, 1 vanilla bean, split and vanilla seeds scraped loose, 4 large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 egg whites, 23 cup white rum, 2 to 3 tablespoons bourbon, optional, Freshly grated nutmeg, Finely grated orange andor lemon zest], title: Eggnog, picturelink: gm52epU3C69fBjyx3mvYCmaUzeYUJ76}, 17050: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cut the pumpkin into about 3inch chunks and arrange on a rimmed baking sheet skinside down. Drizzle the pumpkin pieces with olive oil and give them a sprinkle of salt and pepper. Roast the pumpkin until soft, about 1 hour. Once it is cool enough to handle, peel off and discard the skin, and place the roasted pumpkin flesh in a bowl.nMeanwhile, place a large dry skillet over medium heat and add the quinoa. Toast for 5 to 10 minutes or until the quinoa releases a beautiful toasty aroma. Add 3 cups of water and 1 tablespoon salt cover and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer the quinoa until all the water has been absorbed, about 25 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside, covered the steam will finish cooking the quinoa.nOnce the quinoa has cooled a bit, add it to the bowl with the roasted pumpkin along with the dates, torn sage leaves and 14 cup olive oil. Toss gently to combine. Season with more salt and pepper. Serve at room temperature.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [1 small sugar pumpkin 2 to 3 pounds, halved and seeded, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups quinoa, 3 cups pitted Medjool dates, julienned, 14 cup small sage leaves, torn], title: Roasted Pumpkin with Quinoa, Dates and Sage, picturelink: 7b1iL7juzuDEC3EtcUElMDWgh8VO4i}, 17051: {instructions: Prick eggplant several times with the tip of a knife. Place it in a parchmentlined bamboo steamer set over boiling water, and steam until tender, about 10 minutes.nHeat olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add peas, and season with salt. Cook, covered, for 2 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl.nBring a large pot of water to a boil add salt and pasta, and cook until pasta is al dente, 4 to 6 minutes. Drain pasta. Meanwhile, in the same skillet you used for the peas, heat remaining tablespoon butter over mediumhigh heat. Add spring onions, parsley, sage, chives, garlic, cooked peas, salt, and 1 tablespoon water. Cook, covered, until onions are bright green, 3 to 5 minutes. Add arugula, and cook until wilted. Top cooked pasta with pea mixture. Garnish with 1 tablespoon chervil and 1 tablespoon grated ParmigianoReggiano.nRemove eggplant from steamer, and cut lengthwise almost in half. Top each eggplant with 14 cup ricotta cheese season with salt and pepper. Drizzle with olive oil, and garnish with 2 tablespoons grated ParmigianoReggiano and remaining tablespoon chervil. Top each serving of pasta with a ricottastuffed eggplant, and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 to 6 small eggplants, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 pounds fresh or frozen peas, 1 pound dry fettuccine, 6 spring onions or scallions, thinly sliced, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh sage leaves, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh chives, 1 clove garlic, minced, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 bunch arugula, trimmed, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chervil, 3 tablespoons freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 to 1 12 cups fresh ricotta], title: Spring Pasta, picturelink: null}, 17052: {instructions: Pulse the scallion, ginger and cilantro in a food processor until finely chopped. Add the pork, sherry, sesame oil, hot chili sauce, 14 teaspoon pepper, the egg and half 1 14 teaspoons of the ramen seasoning process until smooth. Refrigerate the mixture for 15 minutes.nHeat 4 inches of vegetable oil in a medium heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees.nSoak the ramen noodles in a bowl of hot tap water for 5 minutes, flipping once they should be pliable enough to pull apart without breaking. Drain well and pat dry. Carefully pull the strands apart cover with plastic wrap.nWith dampened hands, shape 1 scant tablespoon of the pork mixture into a ball. Wrap and press some noodles around the ball, letting a bit of meat show through. Repeat with the remaining meat and noodles.nFry the meatballs in the hot oil in batches, adjusting the heat as needed, until the noodles are crisp and golden brown and the meat is cooked through, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a papertowellined plate to drain season with salt. Serve with sweet chili sauce for dipping.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 scallion, roughly chopped, 2 teaspoons peeled, chopped fresh ginger, 3 tablespoons fresh cilantro, 12 pound ground pork preferably pork butt, 1 12 teaspoons dry sherry or vermouth, 1 12 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 1 12 teaspoons hot Asian chili sauce Sriracha, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg, 1 3ounce package Orientalflavor ramen noodles, with seasoning packet, Vegetable oil, for frying, Salt, Sweet chili sauce, for dipping], title: Porcupine Meatballs, picturelink: gbuYIlA2SoNn4Cfokkk0dX.VAGnyYZm}, 17053: {instructions: Fill one shot glass with the whiskey and serve with the LemonGinger Zapper in a second shot glass as a chaser.nJuice the lemons, then the ginger, following your juicers specific settings for each. Stir in the coconut water, agave syrup and cayenne. Serve the juice immediately over ice, if desired., ingredients: [1 ounce whiskey, 3 ounces LemonGinger Zapper, recipe follows, 6 large, juicy lemons, peel and pith removed, 2 ounces fresh ginger about a 2inch piece, 12 cup coconut water or tap water, 1 teaspoon agave syrup, 18 to 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Zapperback, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}, 17054: {instructions: Melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and cook until golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk in the warmed stock. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring constantly, until thickened, 10 to 15 minutes. The mixture should coat the back of a spoon. Pour in the wine, stir and cook for an additional 2 to 3 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 cups turkey stock, warmed, 14 cup white wine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Turkey Gravy, picturelink: null}, 17055: {instructions: Combine the chopped tomatoes, olive oil, cherry tomatoes, anchovies, garlic, basil, parsley, capers and red pepper flakes in a saute pan and let simmer for 5 minutes.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook according to the package directions. Drain the pasta and add it to the pan with the sauce. Toss to combine., ingredients: [2 cups roughly chopped peeled tomatoes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 20 cherry tomatoes, halved, 6 anchovies, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, crushed and chopped, 1 sprig fresh basil, 1 sprig fresh parsley, Small handful of capers, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Salt, 1 pound spaghetti], title: Spaghetti Mangiafuoco, picturelink: null}, 17056: {instructions: To make the syrup: Combine the blueberries, jam, brandy and maple syrup in a small saucepan. Place over medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until blueberries start to pop, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in lemon juice. Keep warm.nTo make the pancakes: In a mixing bowl, whisk the beer, egg white, honey, and vanilla. Stir in the pancake mix and blueberries.nHeat a nonstick griddle or skillet over medium heat. Lightly spray the skillet with nonstick cooking spray. Working in batches, pour in about 14 cup of batter for each pancake. Cook until browned on the bottom and bubbles begin to form on the top. Turn the pancakes and cook until browned on the bottom. Serve immediately, with the syrup., ingredients: [1 cup fresh or frozen blueberries, 34 cup sugarfree blueberry jam, 2 tablespoons blackberry brandy, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 cup light beer, 1 egg white, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup buckwheat pancake mix, 1 cup fresh or frozen do not defrost blueberries], title: Janettes Buckwheat Blueberry Beer Pancakes with Blueberry Syrup, picturelink: null}, 17057: {instructions: In a large saucepan, bring the lentils to a boil in about 1 cup water reduce the heat to low and let simmer until just tender, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a large skillet, heat the oil over medium heat and add the onions, carrots and celery and cook until the onions are tender, about 10 minutes. Add the sausage, if using, and cook, breaking up any clumps, until lightly browned, about 8 minutes. Stir in the rice, pistachios, fennel seeds, turmeric, thyme and 1 teaspoon salt cook until the rice is opaque, about 3 minutes. Stir into the lentils and add 1 34 cups water. Bring to a boil, then cover completely and simmer over low heat until cooked, about 45 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand, without removing the cover, 15 minutes. Fluff with a fork and top with the pomegranate seeds., ingredients: [13 cup French green lentils, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 medium onion, chopped, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 4 ounces Italian sweet or spicy sausage, meat removed from its casing optional, 1 cup brown basmati rice, 12 cup shelled raw unsalted pistachios, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 2 sprigs thyme, Salt, 1 cup pomegranate seeds], title: PomegranatePistachio Pilaf, picturelink: ubVmMxk7c57uzV7UgP44osSM88Xwle}, 17058: {instructions: Prepare the lobsters see Cooks Note. Preheat a grill to medium.nMelt the butter with the olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the sausage and cook until the fat begins to render, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Pour about half of the butteroil into a bowl and keep warm leave the sausage in the skillet. Add the panko to the skillet cook, tossing, until crisp and golden, about 5 minutes. Stir in the parsley, chives and lemon juice and season with salt and pepper.nBrush the lobster tails and cavities with some of the reserved butteroil season with salt and pepper. Firmly pack the breadcrumb mixture into the cavities and onto the tails drizzle with more of the reserved butteroil.nPlace the lobsters on the grill shellside down cover with a disposable aluminum pan and cook until the shells turn red and the stuffing is crisp, 12 to 15 minutes. Sprinkle with parsley serve with lemon wedges and the remaining butteroil for dipping.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [4 1 12pound live lobsters, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 pound linguica Portuguese sausage, finely chopped, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 34 cups panko coarse Japanese breadcrumbs, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, plus more for garnish, 3 tablespoons minced chives, Juice of 1 lemon, plus lemon wedges for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Deviled Portuguese Grilled Lobsters, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 17059: {instructions: Make a paste in the food processor of raw shrimp, scallion, dill, salt and pepper. Fill a wonton skin with 14 teaspoon of filling. Fold each square diagonally with the edges not quite meeting seal edges with a little water. Bend the pasta around your finger and press one corner over the other so you have a shape with a tiny air hole in the middle and a peak of pasta turned up.nHeat olive oil in a saucepan and saute the garlic and whole chili for a few seconds. Add water, clam juice and tomatoes bring to a simmer and season with salt and pepper. When ready to eat, add the shrimp pasta and cook a few moments or cooked through. Garnish with whole leaves of flat leaf parsley., ingredients: [1 package wonton skins, 6 ounces raw shrimp, 1 scallion, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh dill weed, Salt and pepper, 24 to 32 filled shrimp pasta See above, 1 cup canned plum tomatoes, 2 tablespoons olive oil finely chopped with their juices, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced Flat leaf parsley, 1 whole red chili pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 quarts water, 1 bottle clam juice], title: Fish Broth with Shrimp Filled Pasta, picturelink: null}, 17060: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F.nCut the top 14 off 8 squashes, reserving the lids. Scrape the seeds out, clean, rinse, and pat dry. Toss the seeds with 3 tablespoons oil and salt, and arrange in one layer on a baking sheet. Bake in the middle of the oven, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour to 1 14 hours, or until they are golden and crisp.nIncrease the oven heat to 350 degrees F.nBake the squashes and the lids, cut side down on lightly oiled baking sheets for 40 minutes or until they are tender the lids will probably be ready at 30 minutes. When cool enough to handle, scrape most of the pulp out of the squashes leaving just enough in each squash so that it retains its shape. Reserve all the pulp.nCook the onion in the butter in a skillet, over low heat for 5 minutes or until it is softened. Add the pumpkin pulp and the chicken stock and simmer the mixture for 20 minutes.nPuree the mixture in batches in a blender and transfer to a saucepan.nHeat 2 inches vegetable oil to 350 degrees F. in a deep saucepan. Add the sage in small batches it will bubble up and fry for 20 seconds or until translucent. Transfer to paper towels to drain and sprinkle with salt.nWarm the squash shells and lids in a 350 degree F. oven for 15 minutes. Heat soup until hot, adding water if necessary to thin it slightly. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Put each of the shells into shallow soup bowls and ladle some of the soup into the shell. Top with a few fried sage leaves and some ParmigianoReggiano shavings and place the lid, slightly askew, on top., ingredients: [8 carnival squashes, about 4 to 6 inches across, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup onion, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 cups chicken stock or more, for desired consistency, 1 cup fresh sage leaves, Vegetable oil, for deep frying, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Shaved ParmigianoReggiano, for garnish], title: Carnival Squash Soup, with Fried Sage and Shaved Parmesan, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 17061: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, cocoa powder, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor to combine. Add the shortening and pulse until the mixture looks like cornmeal. Add the butter and pulse a few times until it is in peasize pieces. Add the ice water and vodka and pulse until the dough starts coming together but is still crumbly. Turn out onto a piece of plastic wrap and pat into a disk, using the plastic wrap to help you. Wrap and refrigerate until very firm, at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roll out the dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch pie plate. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edge with your fingers. Refrigerate until firm, at least 30 minutes. Line the crust with foil and fill with dried beans or pie weights. Bake until the edge is dry, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and beans and continue baking until dry all over, 15 to 20 more minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the filling. Put the chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl. Combine 34 cup heavy cream and the butter in a small saucepan bring to a boil, then immediately pour over the chocolate. Add the vanilla and salt do not stir, cover with plastic wrap and let stand 5 minutes. Whisk until melted and smooth. If there are pieces of unmelted chocolate, microwave in 15second intervals until smooth. Set aside to cool.nBeat the remaining 1 34 cups heavy cream and the confectioners sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until stiff peaks form, about 4 minutes. Gently fold the whipped cream into the chocolate mixture in three batches do not overmix the filling should be light and airy. Transfer to the cooled pie crust and smooth the top. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours.nRemove the pie from the refrigerator 15 minutes before serving. Make the topping: Beat the heavy cream and confectioners sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until soft peaks form, about 3 minutes. Stir the chocolate syrup and espresso powder in a small bowl until dissolved. Fold about 2 tablespoons of the chocolate syrup mixture into the whipped cream, then spread on the pie. Drizzle with the remaining syrup mixture sprinkle with the espresso beans.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup cold vegetable shortening, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons ice water, 2 tablespoons cold vodka, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 2 12 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Pinch of kosher salt, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 cup chocolate syrup, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, 2 tablespoons chocolatecovered espresso beans, chopped], title: Mocha Mousse Pie, picturelink: YgR72NjuEnlBVH088Kb5.lD9x6fWu}, 17062: {instructions: In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in 2 cups warm water, proof for 5 minutes. Add 2 cups of flour to the yeast mixture, whisk to incorporate. Add in the milk and eggs. When fully mixed, add in the other 2 cups of flour. Batter should be thick but not solid, if necessary, thin with more water. Whisk in vanilla. Cover and let rise for about 2 hours.nFor the syrup, in a small pot mix together the honey, sugar, and water and bring to a boil, turn down and simmer until completely dissolved and keep warm.nHeat the oil to 360 degrees and with a large spoon, drop the batter into the hot oil. It will immediately puff and come to the surface. When golden brown on both sides, remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Drizzle with warm syrup and sprinkle with cinnamon. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 envelope active dry yeast, 3 cups warm water, 4 cups flour, 1 cup milk, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 cups honey, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup water, Cinnamon, ground, to taste], title: Loukoumathes: Fritters with Honey and Cinnamon, picturelink: null}, 17063: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the horseradish sauce: In a bowl, mix the mayonnaise, sour cream, horseradish, honey and Dijon. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the onions: Pour the buttermilk over the onions and let them sit for about 30 minutes.nHeat 3 inches of oil to 350 degrees F in a medium Dutch oven.nWhisk together the flour, cayenne, paprika and some salt and pepper. Remove the onions from the buttermilk and toss them in the flour until thoroughly coated. Fry in batches until the batter is golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Let drain on paper towels and season with salt while hot.nFor the sandwich build: On the toasted onion rolls, begin with a slice of Cheddar, pile the meat high, add as many crispy onions as the sandwich will hold and schmear the top bun with a healthy portion of horseradish sauce., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup prepared horseradish, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 onions, thinly sliced root to tip, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons cayenne, 2 teaspoons paprika, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 fresh onion rolls, buttered and toasted until golden, 4 thick slices sharp Cheddar, 2 pounds goodquality rare roast beef, sliced thin], title: The Roast Beast Master with Crispy Onions and Creamy Horseradish Sauce, picturelink: 6fu5iCjfyT2VzxGNcCFzh8PqJuZoN96}, 17064: {instructions: Wilt, drain, and squeeze dry the spinach. Chop the spinach into large, uneven pieces.nPlace the garlic, scallions, vinegar, soy sauce, and oil in a large bowl and whisk thoroughly to combne. Add the spinach and toss to evenly coat the leaves. Season with a good squeeze of lemon juice and salt and pepper taste and adjust the seasoning.nTo serve, divide the salad among four bowls and sprinkle each with a portion of toasted sesame seeds.nNote: To toast the sesame seeds, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Scatter the seeds on a baking shseet and bake until lightly browned, 3 to 4 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds spinach, well rinsed, thick stems removed, 1 clove garlic, very finely chopped, 5 scallions, green parts only, trimmed and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons goodquality soy sauce, such as Kikkoman, 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil, Squeeze of fresh lemon juice, Coarse kosher salt, to taste, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted see Note], title: Cooked Spinach Salad with Soy and Sesame, picturelink: null}, 17065: {instructions: Combine all of the dip ingredients in a bowl, cover and refrigerate.nSlice the onion see Cooks Note. Whisk the flour, cayenne, paprika, thyme, oregano, cumin and 12 teaspoon black pepper in a bowl. In a small deep bowl, whisk the eggs, milk and 1 cup water.nPlace the onion in a separate bowl, cutside up, and pour all of the flour mixture on top. Cover the bowl with a plate, then shake back and forth to distribute the flour. Check to make sure the onion is fully coated, especially between the petals. Lift the onion by the core, turn over and pat off the excess flour reserve the bowl of flour.nUsing a slotted spoon, fully submerge the onion in the egg mixture spoon on top, if necessary. Remove and let the excess egg drip off, then repeat the flouring process. Refrigerate the onion while you heat the oil.nHeat the oil in a large deep pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 400 degrees. Pat off excess flour from the onion. Using a wire skimmer, carefully lower the onion into the oil, cutside down. Adjust the heat so the oil temperature stays close to 350 degrees. Fry about 3 minutes, then turn the onion over and cook until golden, about 3 more minutes drain on paper towels. Season with salt and serve with the dip.nPhotograph by Kate Mathis Illustration by Brown Bird Design, ingredients: [2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 12 teaspoons ketchup, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon drained horseradish, 14 teaspoon paprika, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large sweet onion, such as Vidalia about 1 pound, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons paprika, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 1 gallon soy or corn oil, Kosher salt], title: AlmostFamous Bloomin Onion, picturelink: JGQ3nNzFxLLpQDXCiUZMbiMcaQJYVPy}, 17066: {instructions: For the salsa: In a large mixing bowl, combine the mixed stone fruits, honey, basil, lemon juice, cinnamon and salt. Stir to coat the fruit evenly. Taste and season accordingly. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the chips: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the sugar and cinnamon. Brush both sides of the flour tortillas with the melted butter. Sprinkle the cinnamon sugar over both sides of the tortillas. Cut the tortillas into 8 wedges. Place on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, about 20 minutes, flipping half way through. Serve with the fruit salsa.nCooks Note: Feel free to add in other fruits to the salsa. Try strawberries, nectarines and mango., ingredients: [6 cups chopped mixed stone fruit apricots, cherries, peaches, plums, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon minced fresh basil, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch kosher salt, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 6 8inch flour tortillas, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted], title: Stone Fruit Salsa with Cinnamon Chips, picturelink: W5fImkyMGJkcPYi.cr.pxuuuiUr.ng2}, 17067: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine 12 cup olive oil with the rosemary. Bring to a simmer over low heat and remove from the heat. Let rest 10 minutes. Strain through a sieve, reserving both the infused oil and the chopped rosemary. In a small jar, combine the balsamic vinegar with the reserved rosemary oil and half the salt and the pepper. Cover tightly and shake vigorously. Set aside. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Season the rib steak with the remaining salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium ovenproof skillet over high heat. Sear the steak 2 to 3 minutes. Turn the steak over and place the pan in the oven. Cook for an additional 5 to 7 minutes for rare to mediumrare. Transfer the steak to a cutting board and let rest 4 to 5 minutes. Arrange the arugula on a serving platter. With a long sharp knife, cut the steak on the bias into thin slices. Arrange the slices on top of the arugula, drizzle with the reserved rosemary oil and sprinkle with the reserved chopped rosemary. Serve with the lemon quarters., ingredients: [12 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped rosemary, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 1 pound boneless beef ribeye steak, trimmed of excess fat, 14 pound arugula, stemmed, washed and dried, 1 lemon, quartered lengthwise], title: Seared Rib Steak with Rosemary and Arugula, picturelink: null}, 17068: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice the top off of the onions and a small part of the bottom so that it sits flat. Put onions on a baking sheet and drizzle each with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, and place in the oven. Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour or until the onions are tender. Remove and let cool.nIn a small saute pan over mediumhigh heat, reduce the cream until it coats the back of a spoon. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nRemove the skin from the onion and poke a small piece of the center out of the onion. Chop the small piece finely and add it into the cream. Fill the center of the onions with 8 ounces of the Kasseri and place back in the oven to reheat for 5 minutes.nRemove the onions from the pan with a spatula and place on a serving plate. Reheat the cream slightly, about 1 minute and spoon over the onions. Top with the remaining Kasseri., ingredients: [4 medium yellow onions, unpeeled, 2 ounces olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup cream, 8 ounces Kasseri, grated, plus 4 ounces grated, for garnish], title: Stuffed Onions: Kremidolmades, picturelink: null}, 17069: {instructions: In a large nonstick pan, heat the olive oil, and then add the guanciale and garlic. Cook for about 10 minutes, making sure that the meat does not get too crunchy and the garlic does not burn. Cooks Note: If you see that the garlic is browning too fast, remove it from the pan, finish the pork, and then add it again to the sauce.nWhen the guanciale and the garlic are nice and golden brown, add the sage.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add the pasta to the water, and cook it about 2 minutes less than indicated on the box. Strain the pasta and add it to the saucepan over a mediumhigh heat, toss it around for a few seconds, then add the grated Pecorino, toss for one minute.nGarnish with some grated Pecorino, a drop of extravirgin olive oil, and some ground black pepper. Serve with a bottle of robust red wine., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 ounces guanciale cured pig cheeks, sliced into thin strips, 5 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 handful fresh sage leaves, chopped, 34 cup freshly grated Pecorino cheese, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound pasta], title: Pasta Alla Gricia, picturelink: null}, 17070: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason the chicken with salt, pepper and rosemary. Cut each piece of chicken in half across the breast giving you 8 equal portions. Heat the oil in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Lightly brown the chicken on both sides, 5 minutes total. Remove from heat.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Cut pastry into 8 pieces. Place a piece of cheese on each pastry square and top with spoonfuls of fig preserves and the chicken pieces. Pinch and seal the dough up and over the meat and cheese, seal with egg wash, flip the pastry packets over and brush the tops with remaining egg wash. Bake 12 to15 minutes, until golden.nFor entree portions, simply leave chicken breast whole and cut the pastry into quarters. Trim off excess dough and use it to decorate the pastry with small cut outs such as heart shapes., ingredients: [4 pieces skinless chicken breast, boned about 8 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 sprigs fresh finely chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 sheet puff pastry 11 by 17inch, recommended: Dufour, 8 slices Italian fontina cheese, slices should be 2 to 3inches square and 14 to 12inch thick, cut in 12, 12 cup fig preserves, 1 egg mixed with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash], title: Love Birds  Chicken in Pastry, picturelink: EAsmhlL7PLAtKD6mte8Jz3LQq9Vckm}, 17071: {instructions: In large bowl, place the pork, a good pinch of salt and pepper, lime juice and half of the chopped cilantro. Let the mixture sit for about 10 minutes.nIn a medium saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat. Add the sliced onion to the pan and saute, stirring occasionally, until the onions are browned, about 8 to 10 minutes. Season with a little bit of salt. Set aside and keep warm.nTo make the beans: In a large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat and add the onion, green pepper, garlic, cumin, and the remaining half of the cilantro. Cook until the vegetables begin to soften, about 6 minutes. Stir in the beans and vinegar. Add the bay leaves. When the mixture comes to a simmer, reduce the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes.nPreheat a grill or grill pan over high heat.nRemove the pork from the marinade, shake off the excess liquid. Grill the pork for 5 minutes on each side. Cover and keep warm.nIn a small saucepan or in a microwave, with a little bit of water, heat the peas until warmed through. Drain the water and place the peas in a food processor. Puree the peas until just smooth. Transfer the puree to a bowl and stir in the sour cream until fully incorporated.nDivide the rice among 4 plates. Place a piece of pork on each plate. Top the pork with a spoonful of pea puree, then the onions, and then the beans., ingredients: [4 pork medallions about 2 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Juice of 2 limes, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, divided, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium onion, sliced thin, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 green pepper, seeded and diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 14ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 2 bay leaves, 1 can sweet peas, drained, 14 cup fatfree sour cream, 1 cup cooked brown rice], title: Pork Medallions with Beans and Rice and Mushy Peas, picturelink: 3YYEMzCm6TZEhWkhdjyW00ptirs3fm}, 17072: {instructions: Cut the eggs in half lengthwise. Remove the yolks and place in a bowl. Mash the yolks thoroughly with a fork.nHeat the butter in a small skillet and add the curry powder, stirring frequently. Cook over low heat for several minutes until very fragrant. Curry, like cumin, requires heat to release the full intensity of its flavor. In uncooked recipes like this one, the extra time to toast the curry powder makes an incredible difference in the final flavor.nAdd the curry powder with the remaining ingredients and mix thoroughly. Using a spoon or a pastry bag, fill the egg whites with the mixture. Garnish and refrigerate until serving., ingredients: [6 hard boiled eggs, cooled and peeled, 1 teaspoon butter, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon finely minced chives, 2 teaspoons finely minced chervil leaves, 1 teaspoon finely minced curly parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons lowfat mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Parsley, dill sprigs, violas or borage flowers, for garnish], title: Curried Chervil Eggs, picturelink: null}, 17073: {instructions: Special equipment: an instantread thermometernFor the chicken: Bring 16 cups of water to a boil in a large pot and drop in the tea bags. Boil 2 to 3 minutes. Add the brown sugar, garlic, thyme, onion, 14 cup salt and several grinds of pepper and return to a boil cook for 10 minutes. Add the ice cubes to the marinade and refrigerate it until cold, about 1 hour. Add the chicken to the brine and marinate at least 12 hours.nHeat enough oil to coat the bottom of a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat for about 2 minutes. Working in batches, remove the chicken from the brine, pat it dry, and add it, skinside down, to the pan reduce the heat to medium. Cook until the skin is golden brown and crispy, about 3 minutes. Reduce the heat to low flip the chicken and continue cooking until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast reads 165 degrees F.nSimmer the sweet tea over medium heat until it is reduced by half. It should be thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Set aside.nFor the chow chow: Working in batches, pulse the cabbage, onions, green tomatoes and roasted red peppers in a food processor until minced. Combine the minced vegetables with the sugar, vinegar, pickling salt, mustard seeds, turmeric and crushed red pepper in a large pot. Bring to a simmer and cook until the flavors are blended, about 10 minutes. Cool for 30 minutes at room temperature, then refrigerate for at least 5 hours.nFor the mac and cheese: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and stir to incorporate, creating a blond very light brown roux. Add the heavy cream, milk, liquid smoke and white pepper. Cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is thickened and an instantread thermometer inserted into the sauce reads 145 degrees F., 15 to 20 minutes. Slowly stir in the Gouda and Parmesan until melted. Stir in the thyme and season with salt and black pepper.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the pasta for 7 minutes and drain. Immediately combine the pasta with 2 cups of the sauce in a large baking dish. Reserve any remaining sauce for another use. Top the pasta with some panko and bake until the bread crumbs turn golden, about 30 minutes.nDivide the chicken among 8 plates, placing it skinside up. Top the chicken with some chow chow and drizzle with the sweet tea reduction. Serve with a scoop of mac and cheese., ingredients: [4 familysize tea bags, preferably Lipton, 12 cup brown sugar, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 3 sprigs thyme, 1 Vidalia onion, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups ice cubes, Eight 8ounce skinon chicken breasts with drum attached, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup prepared sweet tea, 12 cups roughly chopped green cabbage, 3 cups roughly chopped onions, 3 cups roughly chopped green tomatoes, 2 cups roughly chopped roasted red peppers, 3 cups sugar, 2 cups white vinegar, 14 cup pickling salt, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, Pinch of crushed red pepper, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups heavy cream, 4 cups whole milk, 2 teaspoons liquid smoke, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 18 ounces smoked Gouda, grated, 2 cups grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 24 ounces cavatappi pasta, Panko bread crumbs, for topping], title: Smoked Gouda Mac and Cheese with Green Tomato Chow Chow and Sweet Tea Chicken, picturelink: LVCPrD8y18LdiJiA6aT2oFs1e.M9r.S}, 17074: {instructions: Combine the marinade ingredients in a large bowl. Add the dry tofu and red pepper and toss gently with a rubber spatula to coat evenly. Let marinate 30 minutes or up to 8 hours. Refrigerate if longer than 1 hour.nPrepare the grill or preheat the oven to 450 degrees.nTo make the sauce, place all the sauce ingredients in a food processor and blend until smooth. Pour into a decorative serving bowl.nRemove about 13 cup of the sauce and drizzle it over the tofu. Use the rubber spatula to toss the tofu gently with the sauce. If you are grilling the satay, thread the tofu and red peppers on skewers. Bamboo skewers must be soaked for 30 minutes. If you are roasting the tofu in the oven, place it in 1 layer in a large, shallow baking dish such as a 9 x 13inch lasagna pan. Use 2 pans if one pan isnt large enough.nCook the tofu on the hot grill at least 20 minutes, turning it occasionally, or roast in the oven for 25 minutes. The tofu is done when it is a deep golden brown. Let the tofu cool to room temperature before serving. Serve alongside a bowl of sauce for dipping.nTip: Canned coconut milk sometimes separates so that there is a thick, pasty mass at the top of the can and thin liquid on the bottom. Also, if the can has been kept in a cool cupboard, the milk will appear solid rather than liquid. In either case, stir the coconut milk before measuring it. Once heated, the coconut milk will thin out., ingredients: [2 tablespoons tamari soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil, 2 tablespoons sherry, 2 pounds extrafirm tofu, sliced 1 inch thick and patted very dry, then cut into 1inch cubes and patted again, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1inch squares, 34 cup canned coconut milk see Tip, 12 cup naturalstyle peanut butter, smooth or chunky, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 teaspoons curry powder, 1 12 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 12 tablespoons tamari soy sauce, Dash cayenne pepper], title: Grilled or Roasted Tofu Satay, picturelink: null}, 17075: {instructions: Special equipment: A large slow cooker at least 6 quartsnFor the dry rub: Place the salt, smoked and sweet paprika, onion powder, garlic powder, cumin, black pepper and cayenne if using in a small bowl and mix with a fork until well blended.nSprinkle the ribs with the vinegar and rub into the flesh. Rub the dry rub mixture all over the ribs. This may be done the night before for extra flavor, and placed in the refrigerator.nSpray the insert of a large at least 6 quarts slow cooker with nonstick spray. Place the ribs in the insert, cutting the racks in half if needed to fit. Pour the beer on the bottom of the insert. Cover and cook on low until the meat is tender but still intact about 9 hours.nWhen the ribs are almost cooked, prepare a grill for high heat.nRemove the cooked ribs from the slow cooker, blot any excessive dripping moisture and place them on the hot grill. Cook until a nice char is formed, 10 to 15 minutes, coating them with BBQ sauce if using as they cook., ingredients: [2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Dash cayenne pepper optional, 2 racks baby back ribs, 2 tablespoons white or cider vinegar, Nonstick spray, for spraying slowcooker insert, 14 cup beer any kind, 1 cup your favorite BBQ sauce optional], title: Perfect Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: GmgLLNlrq3MrbWhGFL7HfakhaelZagC}, 17076: {instructions: Heat olive oil in 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and brown chicken. Remove chicken and set aside.nCook onion and bacon in same skillet, stirring occasionally, 6 minutes or until bacon is cooked and onion is tender. Add wine and cook 1 minute. Stir in Sauce and peas. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low, then return chicken to skillet. Simmer covered 5 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked. Sprinkle, if desired, with cracked black pepper.nCost per recipe: 10.46.nCost per serving: 2.62.nBased on average retail prices at national supermarkets., ingredients: [1 Tbsp. olive oil, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 114 lbs., 1 small onion, chopped, 1 slice bacon or pancetta, chopped, 13 cup dry white wine or chicken broth, 1 cup frozen green peas, thawed, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Alfredo Sauce], title: Chicken Carbonara, picturelink: DZhHtabo0QooqN5V3it7GlW5U9yCcZC}, 17077: {instructions: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Generously butter a 2 12 to 3quart souffle dish 3 to 4inches deep or other deep baking dish.nHeat the milk in a 2quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat until hot but not boiling. Add the cornmeal in a stream, whisking, and cook, whisking, until very thick and smooth, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and stir in the butter, salt, baking powder, and yolks. Cool to lukewarm.nBeat the egg whites with a pinch of salt in clean bowl using an electric mixer until they just hold stiff peaks. Stir 14 of the whites into the cornmeal mixture to lighten, then fold in remaining whites gently but thoroughly.nSpoon batter into the prepared baking dish and bake until golden brown and puffed, 45 to 50 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups whole milk, 1 12 cups white cornmeal preferably stoneground, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 6 large eggs, separated], title: Spoon Bread Souffle, picturelink: null}, 17078: {instructions: Preheat the grill. Combine the zucchini, squash, onion, tomatoes and cheese in a large bowl. Toss with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Take a piece of aluminum foil that is at least 24 inches long and brush with the remaining olive oil. Place the vegetables and cheese on the aluminum foil. Fold up the aluminum foil so the contents are sealed in. This can be done up to 4 hours in advance and stored in the refrigerator. Place the packet on the grill. Grill for 7 minutes. Flip the packet over and grill for another 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the grill and let rest for 5 minutes before opening the packet. Open the packet and sprinkle with basil., ingredients: [1 green zucchini, sliced into 14 inch rounds, 1 yellow squash, sliced into 14 inch rounds, 1 Vidalia onion, sliced, 5 plum tomatoes, sliced into 14 inch rounds, 1 cup sharp white cheddar cheese, grated, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, Pepper, 14 cup basil, chiffonade], title: Zucchini, Squash and Tomato Packets, picturelink: null}, 17079: {instructions: To make the Venison: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRub the venison with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in an ovenproof large skillet over high heat. Sear the venison on all sides until golden brown. Transfer the venison to the oven and roast for 30 to 40 minutes, until the internal temperature of 125 to 130 degrees F. Remove from the oven and let rest, about 10 to 15 minutes. Cut the venison into thin slices.nTo make the Remoulade: Finely chop the pickled vegetables and transfer to a bowl. Add the mayonnaise and curry powder and mix. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo make Fried Onion Rings: Pour the oil for frying into large pot to depth of 2 inches and heat to 375 degrees F. In a bowl, toss the onion rings with the flour. Working in batches, fry the onion rings until crispy. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the onion rings to paper towellined plate and season generously with salt.nTo serve, spread the bread slices with the remoulade and top with the venison and onion rings., ingredients: [3 pounds venison top round, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, as needed, 1 cup mixed pickled vegetables: carrot, cauliflower, cornichon, onion, and celery root, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon curry powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 yellow onions, thinly sliced, Allpurpose flour, as needed, Oil, for deep frying, Salt, Thinly sliced whole wheat bread about 3 by 3inches wide, as needed], title: Roast of Venison with Remoulade and Fried Onion Rings, picturelink: null}, 17080: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor. Add about onethird of the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like cornmeal. Add the remaining butter and pulse 3 times, or until the mixture looks like coarse meal with peasize bits of butter. Drizzle in 3 tablespoons ice water and the vinegar and pulse 3 or 4 times, just until combined do not let the dough come together into a ball. Pinch the dough between your fingers if it doesnt hold together, add up to 2 more tablespoons ice water, 12 tablespoon at a time, pulsing. Turn out onto a sheet of plastic wrap and pat the dough into a disk wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour and up to 1 day.nRoll out the dough into an 11inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch pie plate. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edges with your fingers. Refrigerate the crust 1 hour.nPlace a baking sheet on the middle oven rack and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Make the filling: Whisk the flour, brown sugar and butter in a large heatproof bowl set aside 23 cup of the mixture for topping. Whisk the egg, molasses and baking soda into the remaining brown sugar mixture, then whisk in 34 cup boiling water until smooth.nPour the filling into the chilled crust. Sprinkle the reserved brown sugar mixture on top. Carefully transfer the pie plate to the hot baking sheet and bake 10 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and continue baking until the crust is golden and the filling is firm, 40 to 45 more minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool serve warm or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 12 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 large egg, 1 cup molasses, 1 teaspoon baking soda], title: Shoofly Pie, picturelink: 5SNZEZmAsJv3f3wTJe9t7TQulKZoa.}, 17081: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nGraham cracker mix:nMelt butter in microwave in small glass bowl. In small bowl mix graham cracker crumbs and sugar together. Stir in melted butter to graham cracker crumbs and press together by hand. Add a pinch of cinnamon for spiced flavor if desired. Set aside.nSift the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, and ginger into a medium bowl and set aside. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer on lowmedium speed, beat the butter, sugar and pumpkin until smoothly blended. Mix in the eggs. On low speed, mix in the flour mixture until it is incorporated. The batter will be thick.nLine 12 cup cupcake or muffin pan. Fill bottom layer of papers with graham cracker mix to form crust. Fill remainder of papers 34full with batter. Bake until the cupcakes are puffed and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nMaple Butter Cream Frosting:nCream butter and sugar 12 minutes or until fluffy. Add salt and milk until creamy. Scrape mixing bowl walls with rubber spatula and add maple extract. Mix until creamy consistency.nTo assemble:nBrush tops of cupcakes evenlygenerously with maple syrup. Allow cupcakes to absorb syrup. Generously frost each cupcake with a pastry bag and cut 12inch off the tip. Roll sides of frosting in graham cracker crumbs. Lastly drizzle maple syrup on top as desired., ingredients: [1 12 all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ginger, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 1 cup canned pumpkin puree, 3 large eggs, 2 cups graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup sugar, 2 sticks unsalted butter, 2 12 cups powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons milk, 1 pinch salt, 1 teaspoon pure maple extract], title: Pumpkin Pop Cupcakes, picturelink: NCJpptdwOCM6.DaTNoZlXha1TZVgey}, 17082: {instructions: Heat the millet in a small dry saucepan, with a tightfitting lid, over mediumhigh heat, cook, shaking occasionally, until the millet begins to pop. Continue toasting the millet until the popping subsides, about 2 minutes, until it smells like freshly popped popcorn. Set aside to cool slightly.nAdd the water and the 14 teaspoon of the salt to the saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Wrap the pans lid tightly with a small kitchen towel and cover the saucepan. Make sure the towels edges are folded up well away from the heat. Lower the heat to low and simmer covered, for 20 minutes. Remove from the heat dont uncover and set aside for 10 minutes. Fluff the millet with a fork and transfer to a large bowl.nUsing a box grater, grate the carrot and radish into the bowl of millet. Add the ginger, garlic, lime juice, mirin, and chili paste and stir to combine.nMeanwhile, bring a medium pot of water to a boil and salt it generously. Add the edamame, cover, and return to a boil cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Drain and immediately add to the bowl of millet mixture to lightly warm the vegetables. Stir to combine and set aside to cool.nWhen cool, season the edamame mixture with the remaining 2 teaspoons salt. Transfer to a food processor and puree into a paste. Return the edamame to the bowl and stir in the panko and egg whites until incorporated.nUsing your hands, form the edamame mixture into 8 patties about 3 inches in diameter. Place on a parchment paperlined baking sheet and refrigerate until set.nPlace a rack about 4 inches from the broiler element and preheat. Place the patties on a foillined baking sheet or broiler pan. Brush both sides of the patties lightly with oil and sprinkle with salt. Broil until the tops are lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Remove from the oven and flip the patties with a spatula. Broil until lightly browned and hot, about 3 minutes more. Serve on grilled naan bread with sprouts, pickled ginger, and wasabi. The burgers can also be grilled or sauteed., ingredients: [14 cup millet, 12 cup cold water, 2 14 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more as needed, 1 medium carrot, 1 large red radish, 2 tablespoons finely grated, peeled, fresh ginger, 12 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 tablespoons mirin see Cooks Note, 18 teaspoon Asian chili paste, such as Sri Racha sauce, 1 pound frozen blanched, peeled edamame soybeans, thawed, 1 12 cups panko Japanesestyle breadcrumbs, 2 large egg whites, beaten, Vegetable oil, for brushing, Serving suggestions: Alfalfa sprouts, pickled ginger, wasabi paste, and grilled naanstyle bread], title: Edamame Veggie Burger, picturelink: XJvFShhF5zH3ZN.H0k8xPagYOgcPW}, 17083: {instructions: For the cake: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter and line the bottom of 9 by 13inch cake pan with parchment paper, overlapping on two sides to create flaps.nPut the chopped chocolate in a bowl. Heat the cola just to a simmer over low heat and pour over the chocolate. Let stand for 5 minutes stir until smooth.nWhisk together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the sugar and eggs in a separate bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until slightly thickened and pale, about 3 minutes. Gradually add the buttermilk, oil, vanilla and melted chocolate to the eggs. Beat on low until combined, but not aerated. Add the flour mixture and continue to beat until just combined. Stir lightly with a rubber spatula to remove any pockets of flour. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until the cake springs back lightly when touched and a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 40 minutes.nCool the cake completely in the pan on a rack. Run a knife around edge of the pan and invert the cake onto the rack. Carefully remove the parchment paper and cool completely. The cake may be made in advance, tightly wrapped and kept at room temperature for up to 2 days.nFor the icing: Bring a few inches of water to a boil in a saucepan that can hold a standing mixers bowl above the water. Whisk together the sugar, lemon juice, salt and egg whites in the bowl by hand. Set the bowl above the boiling water and continue whisking until the mixture is hot to the touch and the sugar dissolves, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the bowl to a standing mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat the whites at mediumhigh speed until they almost hold a stiff peak and are fully cooled, about 10 minutes. Beat in the butter, a little at a time, until the icing is smooth and spreadable. If the icing separates, just keep beating and it will come back together.nFrost the cake. Serve or set aside at room temperature for up to 2 hours before serving, refrigerating if needed. If cake is refrigerated, bring to room temperature 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [Cake:, Unsalted butter, for greasing pan, 3 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cup flat cola, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup unsweetened natural cocoa powder not Dutch processed, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 cups sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 cup buttermilk, 34 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Icing:, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice or 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch fine salt, 4 large egg whites, 10 ounces 2 12 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, cut into small pieces], title: Chocolate Cake, picturelink: Ws2o6OT66YQiTYvSJGY73xQ3K09.siK}, 17084: {instructions: Arrange the tuna on a lightly oiled grilling tray or broiler pan. Place 14 cup of the Mustard Dressing in a small bowl. Brush some dressing over the fish. Grill or broil, uncovered, for 5 minutes.nTurn the fish and arrange the star fruit alongside it on the grilling tray. Brush the fish and star fruit lightly with the dressing. Return to the grill. Cook for 3 to 6 minutes longer, or until the fish flakes easily with a fork.nCombine the lettuce and cucumber in a large salad bowl. Add the remaining dressing and toss to coat well. Divide the salad evenly among 4 dinner plates. Place 1 piece of tuna on the center of each salad. Arrange the star fruit slices around each salad plate. Sprinkle with green onions.nCombine the mayonnaise, lime juice, mustard, dill, and paprika in a small bowl and mix well. Chill until ready to use.nYield: about 12 cup, ingredients: [1 12 pounds fresh tuna, swordfish or salmon fillet, 1inch thick, cut into 4 pieces, Mustard dressing, recipe follows, 2 star fruit, cut crosswise into 14inch thick slices, 8 cups torn mixed lettuce, 1 cucumber, peeled, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 3 green onions, sliced, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon lime or lemon juice, 1 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh dill, 14 teaspoon paprika], title: Grilled Tuna and Star Fruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 17085: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nLine 2 heavy large baking sheets with aluminum foil. Arrange the salami in a single layer over the baking sheets. Bake until the salami slices are amber brown, watching closely to ensure they brown evenly, about 15 minutes. Transfer the salami crisps to a paper towellined baking sheet to absorb the excess oil. Set aside to cool.nSpoon a dollop of sour cream on top of each salami crisp. Sprinkle the basil over and serve.nDoAhead Tip: The salami crisps can be made 8 hours ahead. Store in airtight containers and keep at room temperature.nRECOMMENDED WINE 1: Ferrari Brut Methodo Classico NVnREGIONORIGIN: TrentinonGRAPEVARIETAL: Chardonnay and Pinot NoirnRECOMMENDED WINE 2: La Valentina Montepulciano dAbuzzo 2002nREGIONORIGIN: Spoltore, AbruzzonGRAPEVARIETAL: Montepulciano dAbruzzo, ingredients: [24 18inch to 14inch slices Italian dry Genoa salami about 4 ounces, 13 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil leaves], title: Salami Crisps with Sour Cream and Basil, picturelink: FOgctRJZBmvc18QUMwIwL2Wuzvf3B6}, 17086: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Handful hickory chips 6inch wooden skewers, soaked in cold water at least 1 hournFor the relish: Soak the hickory chips in water for at least 1 hour.nPut a handful of hot coals in the bottom of a smoker. Scatter the hickory chips over the top. Put a try of ice on the bottom grate. Put the cooking grate above the ice tray. Once the temperature of the smoker reaches 100 degrees F, brush the tomatoes with canola oil, season with salt and pepper and put them on the top grate. Close the smoker and smoke the tomatoes for 10 to 20 minutes, depending how smoky you want them.nCoarsely chop the tomatoes, place in a bowl and add the olive oil, olives, dill, lemon juice, parsley, vinegar, honey, onions and season with salt and pepper. Let the relish sit at room temperature until ready to use.nFor the seafood: Prepare a charcoal grill at least 30 minutes before cooking by lighting a chimney starter filled with hard wood and let burn until covered with gray ash.nToss the shrimp and calamari with the lemon juice, olive oil and garlic and let marinate for 15 minutes. Brush the cut side of each lemon half with canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nSkewer the shrimp and kalamari tentacles onto different skewers. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the shrimp for about 2 minutes per side and the calamari tentacles for about 30 seconds per side. Put the calamari bodies directly on the grill and cook for about 15 seconds per side. Grill the lemons, cutside down, until slightly charred. Remove to a platter.nArrange the skewers and bodies on a large platter. Top with the relish. Drizzle a little more olive oil over the top and squeeze a grilled lemon half over all. Garnish the platter with the remaining grilled lemons., ingredients: [Ice, 8 plum tomatoes, cored, halved the short way, Canola oil, for grilling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Greek extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, coarsely chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 small red onion, cut into small dice, 12 colossal shrimp 15 or less per pound, tail on, shelled and deveined, 12 small kalamari, heads and tentacles removed, bodies butterflied and scored to prevent curling, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 4 lemons, halved, Canola oil, for grilling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh parsley leaves, Dill fronds, for garnish], title: Charcoal Grilled Shrimp and Calamari with Grilled Lemons and Smoked TomatoBlack Olive Relish, picturelink: 4Nyo7JOPgjUuhkKXAcRlLrC7UImHfYm}, 17087: {instructions: Whisk 2 tablespoons each soy sauce and rice vinegar with 4 teaspoons each sesame oil and honey season with salt and pepper. Thinly slice 2 cups shiitake mushroom caps and 1 shallot add to the dressing. Toss 2 heads chopped broccoli with vegetable oil cook on a hot grill pan, 2 minutes per side. Season with salt and pepper. Toss with the dressing, some sesame seeds and a thinly sliced red jalapeno.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Charred Broccoli, picturelink: LICfMI4aLuuiXQ9RWQ.ujdQH7g4lMPe}, 17088: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCombine the honey and bourbon in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Remove from heat and let cool slightly.nLay the bacon on the prepared baking sheet and roast for 10 minutes. Brush with some of the honeybourbon syrup. Continue roasting until deeply caramelized and crispy, another 10 to 15 minutesthe bacon will really crisp as it cools. Sprinkle with 14 teaspoon pepper and serve., ingredients: [14 cup clover honey, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 12 slices doublesmoked, thickcut bacon, Coarsely ground black pepper], title: HoneyBourbon Glazed Bacon, picturelink: KcF0SmNQnTTbNUKbhZJxJqHvblvkU6}, 17089: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nUnroll biscuits, place on baking sheet and bake in the oven according to directions.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine the strawberries and half of the sugar. Let stand for 1 hour to meld flavors.nIn a small bowl, combine remaining sugar and cinnamon.nRemove biscuits from oven split the biscuits and dredge in cinnamon sugar place on serving plate. Top biscuits with macerated strawberries.nPlace whipped topping in a bowl and fold in the sour cream. Garnish shortcakes with a dollop of whipped topping mixture., ingredients: [1 can 16.3ounce biscuits recommended: Pillsbury Grands Southern Style, 2 pints fresh strawberries, quartered, 34 cup sugar, divided, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 8ounce container whipped topping, 1 cup sour cream], title: Sandras Shortcake, picturelink: 1iF43Bk73ewqcKPeMmAlWuNYZIIJWOy}, 17090: {instructions: Cut the tenderloin into 8 by 12inch thick slices, 2 per serving. Peel garlic clove. Measure Brandy and warm. Open champignons and drain. Measure cream. Season steaks with salt and pepper and squeeze garlic over them. Add clarified butter to frypan and when hot add steaks and sear both sides  remove to a dish. Add champignons, pour over brandy and set alight. Add squeeze of lemon juice to champignons and then remove to a dish. Add pate to the frypan and add cream. Add horseradish and combine to form sauce. Place steaks on serving dish, pour over sauce and decorate with champignons. Accompany with green beans and stuffed tomatoes., ingredients: [2 pounds beef tenderloin, 1 garlic clove, 14 cup brandy, 1 10ounce tin champignons, Salt, black pepper to season, Clarified butter, Squeeze of lemon juice, 8 ounces chicken liver pate, 58 cup cream, 1 tablespoon horseradish], title: Fillet of Beef Meurice, picturelink: null}, 17091: {instructions: Split vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape seeds into a bowl, reserving pod for another use. Whisk in sugar, cornstarch, and salt until combined well.nIn a saucepan simmer Muscat and 18 cup each type of berry 2 minutes. Drain mixture in a sieve set over a bowl, reserving liquid. Transfer cooked berries to a large bowl and stir in remaining fresh berries. Coarsely chop basil.nGradually whisk reserved hot liquid into sugar mixture until smooth. Transfer mixture to pan and stir in basil. Bring mixture to a boil, whisking, and simmer, whisking, 3 minutes. Immediately pour mixture through sieve into berries, discarding basil, and stir until combined well. Stir in lemon juice. Divide kissel among 6 bowls. Chill kissel, covered, at least 2 hours, or until cold, and up to 2 days.nServe kissel with creme fraiche or sour cream., ingredients: [1 vanilla bean, 12 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups sweet muscat Recommended: Val dOrbieu St.JeandeMinervois, 5 cups pickedover blackberries, 4 cups pickedover raspberries, 1 14 cups packed fresh basil sprigs, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste, Accompaniment: creme fraiche or sour cream], title: SummerBerry Basil Kissel, picturelink: null}, 17092: {instructions: Cut the squash into bitesized pieces. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, cook the squash, flipping until browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl.nWhisk together the maple syrup, vinegar, mustard, rosemary, Worcestershire sauce, pepper flakes, 2 14 cups water, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl.nReturn the skillet to medium heat and pour in the maple mixture, scraping up any brown bits from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Bring to a boil and return the squash to the pan. Reduce the heat to maintain a low simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid almost completely evaporates and the squash is cooked through and glazed, about 25 minutes.nRemove from the heat, add the butter and gently stir until melted. Season with salt and pepper. Adjust the consistency of the glaze with 1 to 2 tablespoons of hot water if too thick.nCopyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 small butternut squash, peeled, halved lengthwise and seeded about 2 pounds, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Maple and Mustard Glazed Butternut Squash, picturelink: 4YBS63qWGJm3JfUdoZyiHNXnrpftK1S}, 17093: {instructions: Combine the pork, water chestnuts, soy sauce, vinegar, oil, sugar, ginger, cornstarch, salt and pepper in a bowl and mix well to combine hands work well for this. Place a dumpling wrapper in the palm of one hand and cup it loosely. Place a generous tablespoon of filling in the center of the wrapper. With your free hand, gather the sides of the wrapper around the filling, letting the wrapper pleat naturally. Squeeze the middle gently and tap the dumpling to flatten the bottom so that it can stand upright. The meat filling will show a little at the top. Make the remaining dumplings in the same manner.nArrange filled dumplings about 14 inch apart in two steamer trays that have been lined with wet cheesecloth. At this point, you can refrigerate dumplings, covered, for 24 hours.nWhen ready to steam, fill a wok or lower part of a steamer with water so that it comes within an inch of the steamer tray, and bring to a rolling boil. Stack the steamer trays in the wok or steamer, cover tightly, and steam dumplings for 2025 minutes over high heat, reversing the trays after 10 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer dumplings to a platter and serve with Spicy Dipping Sauce.nCombine ingredients in a small bowl and serve with Pork Dumplings.nYield: 23 cup, ingredients: [1 pound ground pork, 1 cup finely chopped water chestnuts, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons freshly grated ginger, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon finely ground black pepper, 30 shao mai or dumpling wrappers, 12 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons black vinegar, or Chinkiang vinegar, 1 teaspoon chile paste, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon minced garlic], title: Shao Mai Pork Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 17094: {instructions: Add the chicken, lemongrass, ginger, carrot, celery, shallot, bay leaf, black peppercorns, Thai chile and 1 teaspoon salt to a large Dutch oven or soup pot. Add 6 cups cold water and place over medium heat. Bring the soup to a simmer, skimming off any residue that may come to the top. Reduce the heat to low cover and cook for 45 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through. Turn off the heat and allow the soup to cool for about 30 minutes.nRemove the chicken from the soup and shred the meat, discarding the bones and skin. Strain the stock, discarding the solids, and return the liquid to the pot. Add the shredded chicken back into the stock, along with the spinach, and bring the soup to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Serve immediately.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 skinon bonein chicken breasts about 1 12 pounds, 3 lemongrass stalks, trimmed and pounded, 1 4inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced, 1 carrot, cut into large pieces, 1 stalk celery, cut into large pieces, 1 shallot, peeled and halved, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 dried Thai chile, Kosher salt, 1 5ounce package baby spinach, coarsely chopped], title: Detox Soup, picturelink: 5QplvLts7PtTUcmkorNVS4l7GIE3RP6}, 17095: {instructions: Warm a wide large heavybottomed pan over a mediumlow flame. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil and 2 tablespoons butter and melt together. Add shallots and cook for 2 minutes, or until translucent, and then toss the mushrooms, thyme, and bay leaf into the pan. Cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms have released their moisture and begin to turn golden brown.nPour 1 cup of the wine into the pan, and bring the liquid to a simmer, allowing the wine to evaporate. Continue cooking until the mushrooms are dry, about 5 to 7 minutes. Season with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper. Remove mushrooms from the pan and set aside. Discard the bay leaf.nReduce the flame to low, and add the remaining butter and oil to the pan and melt. Stir in the rice and coat with the oil until the kernels are shiny, about 3 to 5 minutes. Pour in the remaining 1 cup of white wine and let evaporate.nAdd the chicken broth, 1 ladle at a time, allowing the rice to absorb the liquid. Do not add too quickly so as to prevent the kernels from exploding. Stir over a gentle flame until each ladle of the liquid is absorbed. Repeat until most of the broth is incorporated and the risotto rice is al dente, about 25 minutes.nFold the mushrooms back into the rice and season with salt, pepper and parsley. Stir in the Parmesan and finish with slices of white truffle, if available. Serve immediately.nPut the chicken, vegetables, and giblets in a large stockpot over medium heat. Pour in enough cold water to cover by 1 inch about 3 quarts too much water will make the broth taste weak. Toss in the herbs and peppercorns and allow it to slowly come to a boil. Reduce the heat and gently simmer for 1 hour, uncovered, until the chicken is done. As the stock cooks, skim any impurities that rise to the surface add a little more water, if necessary, to keep the chicken covered while simmering.nCarefully remove the chicken to a cutting board. When it is cool enough to handle, discard the skin and bones handshred the meat into a storage container and reserve for soups and salads.nStrain the stock into another pot through a fine sieve or a strainer lined with cheesecloth to remove excess fat and the vegetable solids. Use the stock immediately, or if you plan on storing it, place the pot in a sink full of ice water and stir to cool down the stock. Transfer to a storage container, cover and refrigerate for up to 1 week, or freeze for up to 6 months., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup unsalted butter, 2 shallots, minced, 12 pound fresh chanterelle mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, 12 pound fresh porcini mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, 1 fresh bay leaf, 2 cups white wine, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups vialone nano rice or arborio rice, 6 cups chicken stock, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, minced, 12 cup Parmesan, 1 ounce fresh white truffles, optional, 1 freerange chicken about 3 12 pounds, rinsed, giblets reserved, 1 rutabaga, cut into large chunks, 2 carrots, cut into large chunks, 2 celery stalks, cut into large chunks, 2 large onions, quartered, 1 turnip, halved, 1 head garlic, halved, 14 bunch fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns], title: Porcini and Chanterelle Risotto, picturelink: 9M8CLNh6AS.PayE.EV0qlm1VZC774N2}, 17096: {instructions: Put the milk in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Add the fish and set aside to soak until ready to fry. Put the cornmeal in a baking dish and add 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper.nCombine the scallions, mayonnaise, mustard, jalapenos and 12 tablespoon pickling juice in a bowl. Heat about 2 inches vegetable oil in a large pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Remove 2 fillets from the milk, shaking off the excess, and dredge in cornmeal to coat. Carefully lower into the oil and fry until golden and just cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate and season with salt. Repeat with the remaining fillets.nToss the lettuce with the jalapeno dressing and season with salt, pepper and more pickling juice, if desired. Divide the fish and slaw among the rolls., ingredients: [1 cup milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 5to6ounce tilapia fillets, 1 cup stoneground cornmeal, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 2 tablespoons chopped pickled jalapenos and 12 to 1 tablespoon juice from the can, Vegetable or peanut oil, for frying, 3 cups thinly sliced iceberg lettuce about 12 small head, 4 soft hoagie rolls, split and toasted], title: Fish Sandwiches With Jalapeno Slaw, picturelink: x8IHFezPJtx7.gS7dOaKtu4IPjFjnIC}, 17097: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl whisk together 2 tablespoons water with the cornstarch. In a small pot over medium heat reserved peach juice, cornstarch mixture, brown sugar and salt. Once the sauce thickens, about 5 minutes, stir in the chopped peaches.nIn a chilled mixing bowl whip heavy cream with confectioners sugar until soft peaks form. Use 1 cup for mug pies, and reserve the rest for the Caramel Cocktail recipe.nBegin assembling peach pies by in clear glass mugs. Place a layer of graham crackers at the bottom, then a big spoonful of the peach pie filling. Sprinkle with another layer of graham crackers. Top with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, then another layer of graham crackers followed by a dollop of whipped cream., ingredients: [2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 15ounce can peach halves, juice reserved and peaches chopped, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 pinch salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 4 graham crackers, crumbled, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, softened], title: Peach Mug Pie, picturelink: kumZsas8zPb93hfWWnrViYCM3lOrlS.}, 17098: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, toss the apples with the sugar, lemon zest and juice, rum if using, vanilla, cornstarch, nutmeg and salt. Macerate at room temperature for about 2 hours or, refrigerated, overnight.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nDust a worktop and rolling pin with flour. Roll out one dough disk a little less than 14inch thick, about 14 inches in diameter. Fold the dough in half and transfer it to a 9 or 10inch pie plate. Unfold. Press the dough into the corners, leaving the overhang. Refrigerate the first crust while you roll out the second disk of dough.nRemove the bottom crust from the fridge and fill it with the macerated apples. Tuck the pats of cold butter beneath the top layer of fruit. Top with the second piece of dough, and trim both to a 12inch overhang. Tuck the overhang into a roll and crimp the edge, pressing down to hook some of the dough over the edge of the dish. You want to make a hard crimp because it will shrink as it cooks. Cut a hole in the center of the pie, as well as some decorative vents.nBrush the top of the pie with cream, dust it with sugar, and bake for 20 minutes.nThen reduce the temperature to 350 degrees F and bake for another 45 to 55 minutes, until the center juices bubble and thicken, for a total of about 1 hour 10 minutes. Let the pie cool until it is just warm to the touch before slicing and serving.nMix the flour, sugar, and salt in a large bowl. Add the lard and the butter, and cut them in with a pastry blender until the larger pieces are the size of peas and the mixture begins to clump on the pastry blender. Shuffle through the mixture with your hands, pinching chunks of lard to flatten them.nAdd 4 tablespoons of the ice water and mix with a fork. Pinch a clump of dough in your hands: If it feels moist and clumps together easily, its probably hydrated enough. If it feels really crumbly, add another tablespoon or two of ice water until you can form a baseballsize clump of dough, packing it on as if you were making a snowball. You want to mix the dough as little as possible to ensure it stays tender.nDivide the dough in half and form each half into a flat disk. Wrap both disks in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 2 days.nThirty minutes before youre ready to roll out the dough, remove it from the refrigerator and let it sit at room temperature to soften., ingredients: [8 medium apples 3 different types, such as Granny Smith, Haralson and Honeycrisp, or any three you like, peeled, cored and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 cup sugar, plus more for dusting the pie, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons dark rum, optional, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 5 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Pinch salt, Allpurpose flour, for rolling the dough, Leaf Lard Crust, recipe follows, 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold, cut into thin pats, Heavy cream, for the pie wash, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 34 teaspoon fine seat salt, 6 ounces rendered leaf lard, cold, cut into cubes, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold, cut into cubes, 4 to 6 tablespoons ice water], title: Apple Pie with Leaf Lard Crust, picturelink: UUcMK1tuYKYdBMvRdS50WY1FMdnFWe}, 17099: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly coat eight 6ounce ramekins with nonstick cooking spray and place on a rimmed baking sheet.nToss the peaches with the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons sugar in a large bowl. Let stand until juicy, about 10 minutes. Divide the peaches and juices among the ramekins.nWhile the peaches sit, combine the flour, remaining 12 cup sugar, flax seed and salt. Cut in the butter, using a fork or pastry cutter, until the mixture forms mediumsize crumbs. Stir in the buttermilk until well moistened and large clumps hold together.nSprinkle the topping evenly over the peaches. Bake until the fruit is bubbling and the topping is golden brown and crisp, 40 to 45 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature with vanilla yogurt or frozen yogurt if desired., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 12 pounds ripe peaches, pitted and cut into large chunks, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons ground flax seed, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons reducedfat buttermilk, Nonfat vanilla yogurt or frozen yogurt, for serving, optional], title: Individual Peach Cobblers, picturelink: kYkn0pLeiSkcSaeMUJ6v0ldvXeWw7P.}}