{17400: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a small saute pan toast the cumin, coriander, chile, and clove for 3 minutes over medium heat. When the spices have begun to release their aroma, add them to a large mixing bowl with the panela and olive oil, mix well with a whisk to break up any clumps of spices.nAdd the diced and peeled calabaza and mix well to coat. Pour the calabaza onto a large sheet tray and place in the oven to roast until the calabaza has softened and caramelized, about 30 minutes.nWhile the calabaza is in the oven, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a large saucepan, when the oil begins to smoke add the onion and garlic and saute for around 5 minutes.nWhen the onion has become translucent add the calabaza and chicken stock and cook at a gentle simmer for 15 minutes, puree the mixture with a hand held blender, add the heavy cream, and simmer for another 5 minutes, season with salt and pepper and reserve in a warm place.nIn a small bowl combine the creme fraiche and canela and mix well. To serve, ladle the soup into a large bowl and finish with a dollop of the canelacreme fraiche., ingredients: [1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 quarts chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, 1 teaspoon ground canela Mexican cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground chile de arbol, 12 teaspoon ground clove, 2 teaspoons ground panela or piloncillo if not available, use brown sugar, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 pound calabaza, peeled and diced into 1inch pieces, 1 white onion, cut into small dice], title: Calabaza Soup with Cinnamon Creme Fraiche: Sopa de Calabaza con Canela Crema Fresca, picturelink: null}, 17401: {instructions: Add all ingredients to a large pitcher and stir with a spoon. Serve cold, over ice and with a splash of ginger ale., ingredients: [1 bottle dry rose wine, 1 sliced lemon, 1 sliced lime, 3 sliced strawberries, 2 ounces lemon juice, 2 ounces lime juice, 2 ounces simple syrup, 1 .5 ounces Veev Acai liquor, 12 15 springs of mint], title: Rosa Sangria, picturelink: InK4lsODpkB3mvcZJAVllFUa47HIslm}, 17402: {instructions: For the cake: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat two 8inchround cake pans with cooking spray and line the bottoms with parchment paper rounds.nSift the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt into a medium bowl and set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine the hot coffee and semisweet chocolate. Allow the coffee to melt the chocolate, then cool the mixture to warm, not hot. Stir to blend the chocolate into the coffee. Add the buttermilk and vanilla and stir again. Set aside.nWhisk together the oil, eggs and egg yolk in the bowl of a stand mixer on medium high, about 1 minute. Reduce the speed to low and add the coffee mixture. Gradually add the flour mixture and mix on low until well blended, about 1 minute. Give the batter a 20second burst on mediumhigh speed.nDivide the batter evenly among the prepared pans and bake on the center rack until a toothpick inserted into the centers of the cakes comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Allow to cool for about 30 minutes in the pans, then remove from the pans and cool completely on a wire rack. Carefully doublewrap the cooled cakes in plastic wrap and refrigerate 2 to 3 hours or until you are ready to decorate.nFor the buttercream: Place the malted milk balls in a resealable bag and seal. Break the candies into small chunks with the back of a spoon and set aside.nBeat the butter in the bowl of a stand mixer on medium speed until nice and smooth, about 1 minute. On low speed, gradually add the confectioners sugar until fully incorporated. Add the malted milk powder, vanilla and salt. Beat on medium speed until well combined, 2 minutes. For a firmer buttercream, add a little more confectioners sugar. For a softer buttercream, add a little water a tablespoon at a time until it reaches the desired consistency. In a small bowl, mix a quarter of the buttercream with the crushed malted milk balls. Store in airtight containers until ready to use.nTo assemble the cake: Remove the plastic wrap from the cakes. Using a long serrated knife, carefully cut off the domed sections of each layer of cake. Discard the scraps or give to eager family and friends. Place one layer of the cake on a plate or disposable cardboard cake circle. Using a mediumsize offset spatula, spread about a 12inch layer of the buttercream with candy pieces onto the top of the cake layer, leaving about half an inch of space between the buttercream and the edge of the cake. Carefully place the other layer on top of the one with the candy buttercream. Using the plain buttercream without candy pieces, spread a thin layer of buttercream all the way around the entire cake. Chill the cake for about 30 minutes. This will act as a crumb coat and lock in all of the loose crumbs before adding the final layer of icing. Remove the cake from the refrigerator and, using your spatula, spread another layer of buttercream on the sides and top of the cake. Crush additional malted milk candies and sprinkle on top of the cake., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for the pans, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup hot coffee, 13 cup chopped semisweet chocolate, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 23 cup canola oil, 3 large eggs plus 1 egg yolk, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup chocolatecovered malted milk balls, plus more for garnish, 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup malted milk powder, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon fine salt], title: Chocolate Cake with Malted Chocolate Buttercream, picturelink: .v4pTogSStCVS.paWTtvppu1GwoVx9y}, 17403: {instructions: Special equipment: a waffle ironnHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until browned and cooked through, about 5 minutes.nAdd the scallion whites, garlic, allspice, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper stir for 30 seconds. Add the flour and stir until toasted, about 1 minute. Pour in the milk and chicken broth and simmer, stirring, until thick, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the scallion greens and parsley. Cover and keep warm over low heat.nPreheat a waffle iron to mediumhigh heat. Place 1 biscuit round into each section of your waffle iron, close gently dont push down and cook until golden and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Repeat with the remaining biscuits.nPlace 2 biscuits on each plate and top with the sausage gravy., ingredients: [2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 8 ounces breakfast sausage, removed from casings, 2 scallions, whites and greens sliced separately, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 18 teaspoon ground allspice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 8 rounds storebought biscuit dough], title: Waffled Biscuits and Sausage Gravy, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 17404: {instructions: Mix the mayonnaise and curry together. Chop all the chicken and mix with mayonnaise. Cut out circles with a small cup or cutters in white bread. Divide the chicken on the base of the white bread. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 to 4 teaspoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 4 chicken thighs, cooked and meat removed from bone, 5 slices white bread, Salt and pepper], title: Curry Chicken Appetizers, picturelink: null}, 17405: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nPlace pear halves, cut side up, on a baking sheet and brush them with honey. Place pan in oven. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden. Slice the pears lengthwise into halfinch slices. In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar and shallots. Whisk in olive oil until emulsified. Add salt and pepper to taste. Toss the arugula with the vinaigrette. Plate salad individually with pear slices and toasted walnuts sprinkled on top., ingredients: [2 firm pears, halved and seeded, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon shallot, minced, 6 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste, 34 bunches arugula, cleaned and dried, 34 cup shelled walnuts, toasted], title: Arugula, Toasted Walnut and Roasted Pear Salad with Red WineShallot Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 17406: {instructions: Grill the sausages over medium coals until lightly browned and no longer pink. Slice each sausage lengthwise in half. In large skillet, saute broccoli rabe, shallots and garlic in olive oil until broccoli rabe is soft but not yellow, about 10 minutes. Toss with grilled sausage., ingredients: [6 sweet Italian sausage, 6 hot Italian sausage, 14 cup olive oil, 1 pound fresh broccoli rabe, separated, 1 tablespoon shallots, minced, 4 cloves garlic, minced], title: Grilled Sausage and Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: null}, 17407: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour 5 9inch cake pans. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, stir together flour, baking soda, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, ginger, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, and salt. In a large bowl, using a wooden spoon, mix together 12 cup butter and the brown sugar until creamy. Add sorghum and eggs, and beat until well combined.nAdd dry ingredients in 3 batches to butter mixture, alternating with buttermilk, beginning and ending with the dry ingredients. The batter will be very stiff. Divide it equally among prepared pans, spreading it out evenly with an offset spatula.nBake until a wooden skewer inserted in the center comes out clean, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer pans to a wire rack to cool for 10 minutes, then invert cakes onto racks and let cool completely. The cake layers will be thin, only about 12inch high.nWhile cake is baking, make the filling combine dried apples with cider or water in a heavy saucepan over low heat. Bring to a gentle simmer, cover, and cook until apples are the consistency of relatively thick preserves. This will take anywhere from 20 minutes to 1 hour, depending on how dry the apples are. Add more liquid as necessary to achieve correct consistency. Flavor with cinnamon or nutmeg, if desired. Remove from heat, and let cool.nTo assemble cake, place a cooled layer on a serving plate. Spread 14 of filling evenly over top. Top with second layer, and spread with 13 of remaining apple mixture. Repeat with 2 more layers, dividing the remaining filling between them. Place final layer on top. Cover, and let sit overnight. Dust with confectioners sugar just before serving., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter plus more for pans, room temperature, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for pans, sifted, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for filling, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, plus more for filling, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup lightbrown sugar, packed, 1 cup sorghum or molasses, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 pound dried apples, chopped, 4 cups hard or fresh cider or water, more if needed, Confectioners sugar, for dusting cake], title: Kentucky Apple Stack Cake with Frank, picturelink: null}, 17408: {instructions: Cut the squash in half lengthwise and scoop out the seeds. Place the cutside down in a microwavesafe baking dish the halves can overlap one another a bit and add 1 cup water. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave until very tender and a knife easily pierces the skin of the squash, 15 to 18 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes. Carefully uncover and let stand until cool enough to handle but still warm.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a small nonstick skillet. Add the ginger and garam masala until fragrant. Stir in the lemon juice and honey. Season with the salt. The sauce should be sweet and sour.nScrape the flesh of the squash into a bowl, using a fork, to make long noodlelike strands. Toss with the sauce and cilantro. Season with additional salt., ingredients: [1 medium spaghetti squash about 2 34 pounds, 1 tablespoon olive oil or unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons finely grated ginger, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 4 teaspoons honey, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 cup coarsely chopped cilantro leaves], title: Healthy Curried Spaghetti Squash, picturelink: null}, 17409: {instructions: Cut a pocket in veal breast, or ask your butcher to do it for you. Season pocket with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Set aside veal to reach room temperature.nIn a skillet melt butter over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and celery and saute until onion is tender and golden. In a bowl combine bread and eggs add onion mixture, parsley and 1 cup of the chicken stock. Season with salt and pepper mix well. Stuffing should be fairly wet add a little more chicken stock if needed.nUsing a long spoon, reach deep inside veal pocket to distribute stuffing evenly. Use a trussing needle and string to sew up pocket. Season roast on all sides with salt and pepper and liberally sprinkle top with paprika. Place in roasting pan, top side up, and roast 3 12 hours in all. Baste top with 12 cup chicken stock every 45 minutes.nRemove roast to a carving board and let sit, loosely covered, 15 minutes while you prepare sauce. Set roasting pan over mediumhigh heat and add remaining 3 cups chicken stock. Deglaze pan, scraping up browned bits and incorporating them into stock. Boil until stock reduces to 1 12 cups. If desired, thicken sauce with arrowroot or butter, or leave as is. Cut center portion of veal breast along chine bone separations into 6 servings. Spoon gravy over each portion., ingredients: [1 6pound veal breast, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 1 large stalk celery, finely chopped, 1 pound white bread, torn in 1inch pieces, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup finelyminced parsley, 6 cups chicken stock, Sweet paprika, Arrowroot or butter, to thicken optional], title: Stuffed and Roasted Bonein Veal Breast, picturelink: null}, 17410: {instructions: In a mediumsize pan heat the oil, and saute the onions and chopped garlic, until fragrant. Add the chopped tomatoes, and cook for about 30 minutes at medium heat.nMix in the cooked chorizo, cloves, cinnamon, thyme and chipotle chiles, add salt, to taste. Set aside.nIn a blender or food processor blend the avocado, tomatillos, cilantro, water and salt, until you get a smooth puree. Set aside.nSeason the pork tenderloins with salt. In a very hot castiron skillet sear the pork for about 4 minutes, turn the pork, and cook on the other side for about 2 minutes or until done. Let rest for about 5 minutes.nOn a dinner plate put the avocadotomatillo salsa. In the center, mound the tomatochipotle sauce. Slice the pork on a diagonal, and place on top of the tomato sauce and garnish with a sprig of cilantro., ingredients: [12 tablespoon oil, 1 small onion thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic finely chopped, 1 pound plum tomatoes roasted, peeled and chopped, 6 ounces chorizo, out of the casing, cooked and crumbled, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 ounces canned chipotle chiles in adobo, blended, Salt, to taste, plus 12 teaspoon, and more for seasoning, 1 medium avocado peeled and pitted, 2 mediumsize tomatillos, husks removed, 12 cup cilantro, 1 cup cold water, Cilantro pluches, for garnish, 2 medium size pork tenderloins about 1 pound each, trimmed], title: Tinga Poblana: Pork Tenderloin in a Roasted Tomato and Avocado Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17411: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the zucchini, onion and salt to the pan and cook, stirring, until the onion is translucent and the zucchini is tender, about 5 minutes. Lower the heat to medium low, add the peas and carrots, corn and edamame and cook, stirring, for about 1 minute. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl and let cool. Toss with the tomatoes and lemon juice. Season with black pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon avocado oil, 12 cup chopped zucchini 14inch pieces, 12 medium sweet onion, cut into 14inch pieces, A pinch of sea salt, 1 12 cups frozen peas and carrots, 1 cup fresh or frozen corn kernels, 12 cup frozen edamame, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, quartered, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Peas and Carrot Succotash Salad, picturelink: R72foMItCmMJnOByj0I3PASqnmBrTYu}, 17412: {instructions: Soak whole sprouts in a large bowl of cold, salted water to clean. Then trim and discard ends and any bitter outer leaves. Cut each in half lengthwise, then slice thinly across width.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. saute the sprouts and onion with the cumin, salt and pepper until the sprouts start to brown. Add water and cook until barely limp, about 4 minutes. Stir in the lime juice and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Brussels sprouts, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, toasted, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons water, Juice of 12 lime], title: Shredded Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: null}, 17413: {instructions: Heat a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the olive oil and carefully add the thyme bundle. Once it crackles and becomes crispy set aside on a paper towel to drain. Add the diced onion, and salt and pepper, to taste, and cook until tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add the grated garlic and cumin and lower the heat. Stir in the sliced mushrooms, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook until the mushrooms are tender and most of the liquid has evaporated at the bottom of the pan, 8 to 10 minutes.nStir the vermouth into the mushrooms and cook until the flavor of the alcohol has mellowed considerably, 5 to 8 minutes. Taste for seasoning. Add the sour cream and fried thyme back to the pan. Reduce heat and allow sour cream to melt over the mushrooms. Do not overheat the cream or it will separate. Stir in half of the grated Parmesan. Taste for seasoning.nHeat a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the olive oil and carefully add the thyme bundle. Once it crackles and becomes crispy set aside on a paper towel to drain. Add the diced onion, and salt and pepper, to taste, and cook until tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add the grated garlic and cumin and lower the heat. Stir in the sliced mushrooms, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook until the mushrooms are tender and most of the liquid has evaporated at the bottom of the pan, 8 to 10 minutes.nStir the vermouth into the mushrooms and cook until the flavor of the alcohol has mellowed considerably, 5 to 8 minutes. Taste for seasoning. Add the sour cream and fried thyme back to the pan. Reduce heat and allow sour cream to melt over the mushrooms. Do not overheat the cream or it will separate. Stir in half of the grated Parmesan. Taste for seasoning.nHeat a medium saute pan over medium heat and add the butter and the mushroom bottoms. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook over medium heat, until the water emerges from the mushrooms and evaporates. 5 to 8 minutes, Stir in the vermouth and cook 5 to 8 minutes. Taste for seasoning, then set aside to cool.nHeat a medium saute pan over medium heat and add the butter and the mushroom bottoms. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook over medium heat, until the water emerges from the mushrooms and evaporates. 5 to 8 minutes, Stir in the vermouth and cook 5 to 8 minutes. Taste for seasoning, then set aside to cool.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhen the mushrooms have cooled slightly fill each bottom with some of the stuffing. The stuffing should be firmly packed in the mushroom bottom well above the top. Arrange the mushrooms, in a single layer, on a baking sheet. In a small bowl, mix the bread crumbs and remaining Parmesan, then sprinkle it on top of the mushroom caps. Heat in the oven until they are hot inside and lightly browned on the top, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer the mushrooms to a serving platter and drizzle each cap with a little balsamic vinegar. Serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhen the mushrooms have cooled slightly fill each bottom with some of the stuffing. The stuffing should be firmly packed in the mushroom bottom well above the top. Arrange the mushrooms, in a single layer, on a baking sheet. In a small bowl, mix the bread crumbs and remaining Parmesan, then sprinkle it on top of the mushroom caps. Heat in the oven until they are hot inside and lightly browned on the top, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer the mushrooms to a serving platter and drizzle each cap with a little balsamic vinegar. Serve immediately., ingredients: [18 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small bunch fresh thyme, tied together with a string, 1 yellow onion, peeled and finely diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 small cloves garlic, peeled and grated on a microplane, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 ounces white mushrooms, stems lightly trimmed, all washed and thinly sliced, 14 cup dry vermouth, 1 cup sour cream, 13 cup grated Parmesan, divided, 18 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small bunch fresh thyme, tied together with a string, 1 yellow onion, peeled and finely diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 small cloves garlic, peeled and grated on a microplane, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 ounces white mushrooms, stems lightly trimmed, all washed and thinly sliced, 14 cup dry vermouth, 1 cup sour cream, 13 cup grated Parmesan, divided, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 18 white mushrooms, about 1 12 pounds, stems trimmed slightly, washed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry vermouth, 2 tablespoons toasted bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, for finishing, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 18 white mushrooms, about 1 12 pounds, stems trimmed slightly, washed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry vermouth, 2 tablespoons toasted bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, for finishing], title: Stuffed White Mushroom Caps, picturelink: tNgynxDjXkBzvWLIyWg9InZtVKRKJCK}, 17414: {instructions: In a medium pot heat olive oil over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and saute for 3 minutes. Add remaining ingredients and simmer for another 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 medium onion, diced, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chunky Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17415: {instructions: Strain juices from roasting pan into bowl, pressing hard on solids and scraping up any browned bits. Spoon fat from top of juices, reserving two tablespoons of fat, or use a gravy separator to separate fat from juices. Strain juices into a large, heatproof measuring cup. Add remaining half cup wine and enough chicken broth to turkey pan juices to measure five cups. Heat reserved two tablespoons turkey fat or two tablespoons butter in a heavy, large pot over mediumhigh heat.nSaute mushrooms until theyre brown and the juices evaporate, about 18 minutes. Gradually sprinkle in flour, stirring continuously to incorporate, until flour begins to brown, about two minutes. Gradually whisk in the five cups of broth mixture. Bring to a boil, scraping up browned bits, and continue to boil until gravy coats a spoon lightly, about 8 minutes. Salt and pepper to taste. Pour in a gravy boat and serve with turkey., ingredients: [1 cup dry white wine, 5 cups canned lowsodium chicken broth, or more if necessary, 2 lbs. fresh mushrooms, thickly sliced, 13cup instant flour, 2 green onions, chopped], title: Mushroom Gravy, picturelink: null}, 17416: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDressing: Mix the soy sauce, lime juice, sesame oil, sugar, chile, salt and pepper in a medium bowl.nSalad: In a large salad bowl, add the jicama, beets, and cucumber along with the dressing and toss to combine. Cover and refrigerate until chilled. Serve cold., ingredients: [2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 small limes, juiced, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 dried arbol chile or any small, spicy red dried chile, stemmed, seeded, and cut into rings, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded peeled jicama from 1 small jicama, 3 medium raw beets, peeled and shredded, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded, and grated or thinly sliced], title: Mexican Style Slaw, picturelink: 4w3Oe1gF7FqoGxSRiKY5UradgCiXM5i}, 17417: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil.nAdd oil and onions to a medium saute pan and heat over mediumhigh heat. Saute for 3 minutes or until onions are soft.nAdd cherry tomatoes to skillet. Saute tomatoes for another 3 minutes until skins are blistered and flesh is heated through season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, cook Piccoliniu00ae Mini Farfalle according to directions on the package.nRemove sauce from heat, puree 13 of sauce in a blender on high, for 2 minutes. Return the puree to saute pan.nDrain and toss pasta with sauce. Finish with basil and mozzarella cheese.n2011 Barilla. All Rights reserved., ingredients: [1 box Barilla Piccoliniu00ae Mini Farfalle, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons onions, minced, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, Salt and Pepper to taste, 4 leaves fresh basil, chopped fine, 4 ounces mozzarella cheese, shredded], title: Mini Farfalle with Cherry Tomatoes, Basil and Mozzarella, picturelink: SnjZpvx1VeQNnMKVHjxZLlsIXpknYC6}, 17418: {instructions: In a medium skillet, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, red pepper flakes, and oregano cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Raise heat to high crush each tomato when adding to pan. Season with salt and pepper. Cook the tomatoes, breaking them up with a spoon, until thickened slightly, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the basil.nLower the heat to medium stir in 2 large egg whites reserve the remaining egg whites for another use. Cook the egg whites, stirring, until set and the tomato sauce thickens, about 1 minute.nRemove the skillet from the heat. Using the back of a spoon, make 4 indentations in the sauce place an egg yolk into each indentation. Draw the sauce in from edges of the pan around each yolk and cover the skillet. Set aside until the yolks are warmed through and beginning to set, about 3 minutes. To serve, spoon the sauce with a yolk onto a piece of toast., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small clove garlic, thinly sliced, Pinch red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 14.5ounce can whole peeled tomatoes in juice, drained about 5 tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 4 large eggs, separated, 4 slices country bread, toasted], title: TomatoEgg Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 17419: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBeat butter, sugar, and salt with an electric mixer at moderately high speed until pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add egg and vanilla and mix at low speed until just combined. Add flour and mix until just combined.nDrop level teaspoons of batter about 3 inches apart on buttered baking sheets. Bake cookies in batches in middle of oven until just golden around edges, 6 to 8 minutes. Cool on baking sheet on a rack 1 minute then transfer with a metal spatula to rack to cool completely.nNote: Cookies can be made 3 days ahead and kept, layered between sheets of waxed paper in an airtight container, at room temperature., ingredients: [12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup plus 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour], title: Vanilla Thins, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 17420: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Cut the potatoes into long wedges about 1inch thick. Toss the potatoes with the olive oil and Cajun seasoning. Heat an ovenproof large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the potatoes in a single layer. Cook, turning, until browned on all sides, about 15 minutes. Slowly add 14 cup water to the skillet and transfer the entire skillet to the oven.nContinue to cook the potatoes, turning once, until the potatoes are tender and the outsides are crisped, about 20 more minutes. Meanwhile, mix the yogurt with the mustard and a pinch salt. Serve the potatoes warm with the mustard dipping sauce., ingredients: [3 medium russet potatoes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 3 tablespoons nonfat Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon Creole mustard, Kosher salt], title: MadeOver Blackened Cajun Skillet Fries, picturelink: O7t8rVq5mEhaqVI4LK3jiIdTnIUpVty}, 17421: {instructions: Muddle the cherries, maple syrup, bitters and lemon juice in a cocktail shaker.nAdd ice to the muddle and shake quickly to blend and coat the ice.nAdd the BaconInfused Bourbon to the shaker and stirdont shake it will bruise the whiskey.nPour into a rocks glass dont strain you want all that marinated ice in there. Garnish with a lemon wedge.nCook the bacon until crisp. Add the bacon and its rendered fat drippings to a Mason jar with the bourbon. Freeze until the fat has solidified, then remove top fat layer. Strain the bourbon into another Mason jar or sealable container and put back in the freezer. Repeat the last step once or twice more, finishing by straining through a finemesh sieve lined with damp cheesecloth. Use immediately or keep refrigerated in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 goodquality maraschino cherries, such as Luxardo, 12 ounce maple syrup, 3 dashes Bacon Bitters, 12 ounce lemon juice, 2 ounces BaconInfused Bourbon Whiskey, recipe follows, 1 lemon wedge, for garnish, 8 strips bacon, 2 cups bourbon whiskey], title: Maple Pig Cocktail, picturelink: Sp3va1vz6aRX8VDJgO3scf3LWhRvMO}, 17422: {instructions: Make the filling: Toss the bacon into a large skillet with a few drops of olive oil. Bring the pan to medium heat and cook the bacon until brown and crisp, about 13 minutes. Spoon off about half of the drippings. Add the onion to the pan and season with salt and the red pepper flakes. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is soft and very aromatic, 8 to 10 more minutes. Add the tomato, season with more salt and cook another 8 to 10 minutes, or until the tomato is soft and mushy and most of the liquid has evaporated. Taste and reseason if needed. Stir in the oregano and let cool.nMake the French toast: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. In a wide dish, combine the eggs, milk, cayenne if using and a pinch of salt. Beat until smooth and homogeneous.nLay 4 slices of bread on a work surface. Sprinkle each piece of bread lightly with cheese use about half of the cheese. Spoon a quarter of the bacon filling onto each piece of bread, then sprinkle with the remaining cheese. Top each slice with another piece of bread and press to secure. Working in batches, soak each toast in the egg mixture, about 1 minute flip and soak the other side.nWhile the toasts are soaking, coat a large saute pan with olive oil and bring the pan to medium heat. Working in batches so you dont crowd the pan, cook the toasts for 2 to 3 minutes per side. The toasts should be golden brown, lovely and crispYUM Transfer the toasts to a baking sheet and place in the oven to keep warm.nMake the eggs and assemble: Coat a large nonstick skillet lightly with olive oil and bring to medium heat. Add the eggs to the pan, working in batches if necessary. Cook until the whites are cooked through and the yolks are warm and runny, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the toasts from the oven and top each with a perfectly fried egg. Sprinkle with chives and serve immediately.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [8 slices bacon, cut into 14inch lardons, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 1 medium beefsteak tomato, seeded and cut into 12inch dice, 2 sprigs oregano, leaves finely chopped, For the French toast:, 4 large eggs, 1 cup whole milk, Pinch of cayenne pepper optional, 8 slices white bread, 1 cup grated Gruyere or monterey jack cheese, For the eggs:, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: French Toast with Bacon, Onion and Tomato Jam, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 17423: {instructions: For the turkey: In a large heavy bottomed saucepan, heat the canola oil until smoking.nSeason the turkey legs with salt and pepper and sear in the hot pan until golden brown all over, turning constantly, about 5 minutes. Remove from pan to a plate and set aside until needed.nIn the same pan add the garlic, onions, carrots, and celery and cook until vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and flour and continue to cook for 5 minutes. Add the wine and the beef broth. Return the turkey legs to the pan and continue to cook until tender, about 1 hour.nFor the creamed corn: While waiting for the legs to cook, begin the creamed corn. Add the butter to a saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until they become translucent. Using a sharp knife remove the corn kernels from the cob. Add the kernels to the sauteed onions and continue to cook until the corn becomes tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in the heavy cream and reduce the cream, until the mixture forms a thick sauce around the corn. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside until needed.nOnce the turkey legs are cooked and the meat is really tender, remove them from the liquid to a platter. Reduce the cooking liquid over medium heat until it coats the back of a spoon. Add the bay leaves and the fresh herbs and allow to infuse for about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove the bay leaves.nArrange a turkey leg on each serving plate and cover with the cooking liquid. Spoon some of the creamed corn alongside and serve., ingredients: [Canola oil, for searing, 6 large turkey legs, if you want 2 legs per serving, add 6 more legs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh garlic, 1 cup diced onion, 1 cup diced carrots, 1 cup diced celery, 4 tablespoons tomato paste, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups red wine, 2 cups beef broth, 3 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped rosemary leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup white onion, small diced, 6 ears corn, shucked, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Turkey Leg Osso Bucco with Creamed Corn, picturelink: null}, 17424: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a bowl, combine the sausage, prosciutto, chestnuts, olives and sage. Season with salt and pepper. Heat a small skillet and add a teaspoon of the stuffing. Saute until cooked through, about 2 minutes. Taste for seasoning and adjust seasoning in the stuffing mix, if necessary.nPlace the turkey breast on the cutting board with skin side down. Flatten with your hands, season with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil to moisten. Spread stuffing on top and roll the turkey around the stuffing. Wrap kitchen twine around breast and tie tightly.nPlace turkey in a roasting pan, drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast until internal temperature of the turkey breast is 165 degrees F, about 1 hour or 12 to 15 minutes per pound.nLet rest 10 minutes, then snip off kitchen twine. Slice the turkey and arrange decoratively on serving platter. Pour pan juices over the slices and serve.nSpecial equipment: kitchen twine ., ingredients: [8 ounces sweet Italian sausage, removed from casing, 5 ounces prosciutto, finely diced, 1 cup chopped boiled chestnuts, 12 cup diced green olives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage or 2 teaspoons dried, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 4pound boneless turkey breast, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Stuffed Turkey Breast, picturelink: 3RIjbE9QR.T0mFbmeAfVnZjazGIwVge}, 17425: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCut the hot dogs lengthwise threequarters of the way through, leaving the ends intact. Insert a jalapeno strip into each slit.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the baking mix, milk and butter. Fold in the cheese until the dough just comes together.nOn a lightly floured piece of parchment, roll the dough into a rectangle 18 inch thick. Cut into thin strips, about 14 inch wide.nPlace one end of the hot dog on the dough strip and wrap around each hot dog, spiraling down the dog. Transfer to a parchmentlined baking sheet. Repeat the process with the remaining dogs. Bake until golden brown, 8 to 15 minutes, depending on the thickness of the dough. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 hot dogs, 4 to 5 whole pickled jalapenos, seeded and thinly sliced lengthwise, 2 cups baking mix, 12 cup whole milk, 14 cup 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 cups shredded Cheddar, Flour, for dusting], title: JalapenoStuffed Curly Dogs, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 17426: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small skillet, heat the olive oil and chili flakes over low heat for 1 minute. Turn off the heat and add the oregano, garlic and lemon zest. Pour mixture out of the pan and into a bowl. Allow to cool.nFor the lamb skewers:nSlice lamb loin lengthwise as if filleting into 2 pieces about 12inch thick. Using a mallet or the heel of your palm, lightly pound meat to about 14inch thickness then cut each in half lengthwise. Place meat in a nonmetallic dish and pour reserved oregano marinade over the meat. Turn several times to coat, cover, and refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight.nWhen ready to cook, prepare grill or preheat broiler.nRemove lamb from marinade and discard marinade. Spread about 1 tablespoon garlic paste on each of the lamb pieces. Season with salt and pepper. Roll meat lengthwise end to end and place on skewers. Brush with olive oil. Grill or broil to desired doneness, 10 to 15 minutes for mediumrare meat, depending on heat of grill. Turn meat occasionally to ensure even cooking.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPeel the outermost layers of skin off the heads of garlic. Cut off the top 13 of the heads to open the cloves. Put the heads, cut sides up, in a small baking dish and pour the olive oil over them. Season with salt and pepper. Cover tightly, place in the oven, and roast until about 34 cooked, about 45 minutes. Uncover and return to the oven until the cloves begin to pop out of their skins and brown, about 15 minutes. Let cool.nWhen garlic is cool enough to handle easily, squeeze the roasted garlic into a small bowl. Press against the skins very well to get out all the sweet roasted garlic you can. Add the oil from the baking dish and mix well until a paste forms. Store, tightly covered, in the refrigerator, for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, toasted see Cooks Note, 13 cup fresh oregano leaves, chopped, 2 teaspoons finely chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 12 pounds trimmed weight lamb loin, boned, fat and membranes removed reserve tenderloins for another use, 12 cup Roasted Garlic Paste, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 metal or wooden skewers, soaked in water 30 to 60 minutes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound whole garlic heads, 12 cup pure olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: GarlicStuffed Lamb Loin Bites, picturelink: s8Xxh168N7nKwGEBPeqvje93nJWwTVq}, 17427: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix together the dry ingredients. Add the wet ingredients and mix well. The vinegar mixture should have a reddish appearance. Pour the mixture over the cabbage and stir to combine. Chill the slaw in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 2 tablespoons sugar, Salt, 2 teaspoons vinegar, 12 cup ketchup, 2 cups cabbage, chopped], title: LexingtonStyle Barbecue Slaw, picturelink: hciiqpSDafDfL7GLnu105XxXW7Lgzrm}, 17428: {instructions: For the chicken and marinade: Sprinkle the chicken pieces with salt and pepper. Combine the yogurt with the paprika, coriander, cumin, cayenne, lemon zest, cinnamon, garlic and ginger in a mixing bowl. Mix together well then pour into a resealable plastic bag. Add chicken pieces and shake around to coat all the pieces evenly. Place in the refrigerator and marinate for 1 hour.nHeat a grill to high. Wipe down the grates with an oilblotted paper towel to create a nonstick surface. Remove the chicken from the marinade and wipe off any excess. Grill the chicken pieces until wellmarked, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Remove to a plate and set aside.nFor the sauce: Set a Dutch oven over medium heat. Alternatively, you can cook in a pressure cooker. Simply cut the cooking time in half and cook over medium heat with medium pressure. Coat with the oil and add the butter. Add the garlic and onions. Cook until translucent and fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the tomato paste, paprika and garam masala. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes to toast the spices and cook the tomato paste. Add the crushed tomatoes, vinegar and grilled chicken pieces. Stir well and simmer until the chicken is tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Finish the sauce with the heavy cream. Season with salt and pepper. Garnish with the cilantro.nWine paring for meal: dry Riesling or sparkling wine, ingredients: [1 whole chicken 3 to 4 pounds, cut into 10 pieces, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 cloves garlic, minced, One 1inch piece ginger, peeled and grated, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large onion, sliced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 2 teaspoons garam masala, One 14.5ounce can fireroasted diced tomatoes, such as Muir Glen, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Chicken Tikka Masala, picturelink: QqVNBMEFyeHhMK1PTRuVDBiEbDTlbZ6}, 17429: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Spread the oats on a baking sheet and bake on the top rack, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and toasted, 8 to 10 minutes let cool completely.nWhisk the flour, baking soda and salt in a small bowl. Beat the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the peanut butter until smooth, then beat in the eggs and vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture until incorporated. Stir in the oats and 1 12 cups chocolate chips with a rubber spatula until combined.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Drop mounds of dough about 2 tablespoons each about 1 12 inches apart onto the prepared baking sheets. Flatten to about 12 inch thick with your fingers. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the edges of the cookies are set but the centers are still soft, about 18 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPut the remaining 12 cup chocolate chips in a microwavesave bowl. Microwave in 30second intervals, stirring, until smooth. Drizzle on the cookies. Let set, 15 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup creamy peanut butter, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips], title: PB OatmealChocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 17430: {instructions: Combine the cucumber, chile, and mint in a mixing bowl. Pour in the vinegar, sprinkle with the sugar, salt, and pepper. Toss everything together so the cucumbers are well coated in the vinegar, the cucumbers will soften and the flavors deepen as it sits.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason both sides of the salmon with a fair amount of salt and pepper. Sprinkle the top of the salmon with the sesame seeds. Place a cast iron or regular ovenproof skillet on the stove over medium heat. Coat the pan with the oil and when it is nice and hot, lay the salmon in the pan, sesame seedside down. Sear the salmon for 3 minutes, then stick it in the oven and roast for 10 minutes until its just cooked through. Serve the salmon on a pile of the chile minted cucumbers., ingredients: [1 small hot house cucumber, sliced thin, 12 fresh red chile, sliced thin, 1 handful fresh mint leaves, 12 cup rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 6ounce salmon fillet, without skin, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Roasted Salmon with Chile Minted Cucumbers, picturelink: null}, 17431: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F and butter a 9 by 11inch baking dish.nIn a food processor puree the carrot, onion, celery and sage until you have a fine pulp. Set a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and brown the sausage in a little olive oil. Once you have a nice brown color and the fat has rendered  about 5 minutes, use a slotted spoon to remove the sausage and place in a large mixing bowl. Add the vegetable pulp to the pan and saute until most of the moisture has evaporated. Season with salt and pepper. Add to the mixing bowl with the sausage and also add the bread crumbs and chestnuts.nMix together chicken stock, cream and egg. Pour this wet mixture over the dressing mix. Season and fold everything together. Pour out into the roasting dish and bake for 30 to 35 minutes until golden brown on the top if it gets too brown before the 30 minutes is up, tent with foil., ingredients: [1 medium carrot, peeled and rough chopped, 1 medium onion, roughly chopped, 2 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 12 bunch fresh sage, 1 12 pounds loose sweet Italian sausage, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 cups cubed sourdough bread, crusts removed, 1 pound roasted chestnuts, 1 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 large egg], title: Roasted Chestnut Sausage Dressing, picturelink: viYJqyneygVhSRi1Cw5eUqERJLIOYb2}, 17432: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake sure the coffee grounds are dried out. If they are still damp, spread them on a baking sheet and place in a 350degreeF oven until just dry, 6 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool.nPlace the coffee grounds and peppercorns in a spice grinder and grind until the pepper is coarse. Pat the steaks dry with a paper towel and sprinkle liberally with salt. Sprinkle generously with the rub, making sure to coat the steaks well. Press the rub into the steaks.nHeat a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot and add the oil. Add the steaks and cook until a nice crust forms and the steaks are cooked to your liking, about 4 minutes per side for medium rare., ingredients: [2 tablespoons coffee grounds from brewed coffee, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 2 New York strip steaks, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Coffee Grounds Rub, picturelink: M5dpRCd8fbFdsS8LGUj9x0J4a.u6S}, 17433: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUse a food processor or by hand, mix the flour, sugar, and salt in a bowl. Add the butter pieces and mix until it resembles small pea size pieces. Add the yolk, vanilla, and zest, and mix until it forms a ball. Add the water to help dough come together. Form the dough into a disk and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Press the dough into the bottom of a springform pan and bake for about 20 minutes until golden brown and set aside. For the filling, use a mixer with a paddle attachment. Cream the cheese with the sugar on low speed. Add the eggs 1 at a time until smooth making sure to scrape the sides of the bowl. Add the vanilla and orange zest. Slowly pour in the melted white chocolate and mix until well combined. Pour the mixture into the springform pan. Wrap aluminum foil around the base of pan and up side to protect from water bath. Place pan on sheet pan or pan with high sides and fill with 13 water. Bake cheesecake for 40 to 45 minutes. Remove cake from oven and allow to cool for 4 hours before serving.nTo make the compote, place the cranberries, sugar, orange juice, and zest in a saucepan and stir over low heat. Simmer until cranberries soften or pop. Cool mixture and add the orange segments.nServe cheesecake with compote and orange segments., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons butter, chilled and cut into small pieces, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 2 tablespoons water, 2 pounds softened cream cheese, 1 14 cups sugar, 4 eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 6 ounces white chocolate, melted, 6 cups cranberries, fresh or frozen, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 1 cup orange segments], title: White Chocolate Orange Cheesecake with Cranberry Compote, picturelink: null}, 17434: {instructions: In a medium soup pot, melt butter. Add onions and cook 5 minutes. Add the garlic and peppers and cook 2 to 3 minutes more. Add flour and cook 1 minute. Whisk in stock slowly and stir in cream. Bring soup to a bubble and reduce heat to simmer. Stir in cheese and season the soup with salt, pepper, chili powder and cumin. Let soup reduce 10 to 15 minutes over low heat then serve with crushed chips and dollops of salsa., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 12 red bell pepper, seeded and very thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 6 cups chicken stock, 2 cups cream, 6 cups grated good quality Cheddar, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon chili powder, a palm full, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 a palm full, 4 cups lightly crushed tortilla chips, blue or yellow corn, 2 cups store bought chunky style salsa, any brand or variety], title: Cheddar Soup with Crispy Tortilla Crunch, picturelink: null}, 17435: {instructions: Melt the butter in a small pan over low heat and stir in the water. Combine all of the remaining ingredients in a large bowl and stir in the butter mixture. Remove the mushroom stems and stuff the mushrooms with the cheese mixture.nPreheat the grill to 325 degrees F.nArrange the mushrooms, stuffing side up on the grill, and grill until cooked through, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the mushrooms from the grill to a serving platter and garnish with more cheese, if desired., ingredients: [2 pounds ground andouille sausage, cooked and drained, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup water, 4 cups grated Asiago cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped green onions, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 cup panko bread crumbs, 2 eggs, 2 chopped garlic cloves, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 20 medium portobello mushrooms], title: SF Rushrooms, picturelink: null}, 17436: {instructions: Pour the crushed ice into a collins glass. In a cocktail shaker, add the mint leaves, sugar and club soda. Stir to dissolve sugar, pressing on the leaves to release their essential oils. Add the bourbon and rum and stir. Strain the mixture into the collins glass and stir again, garnishing with the mint sprigs., ingredients: [1 cup ice, crushed, 12 fresh mint leaves, 1 12 teaspoons superfine sugar, Dash of club soda, 4 ounces bourbon, Splash of rum, 2 fresh mint sprigs], title: Mint Julep, picturelink: null}, 17437: {instructions: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F.nSprinkle steaks with kosher salt and crushed black pepper. Heat butter in a 12inch, heavy bottomed saute pan over medium heat. Once butter is hot, add steaks and cook until browned on both sides, about 2 minutes per side for mediumrare and 3 minutes per side for medium. Remove steaks from pan and place on a rack set on a sheet pan place in oven to keep warm.nAdd the stock to the saute pan and whisk until the crispy bits release from bottom of pan. Allow the liquid to reduce for 3 to 4 minutes over mediumhigh heat. Add cognac, heavy cream, and green peppercorns to the pan. Increase heat to high and cook, whisking continually, until sauce thickens slightly, just enough to coat the back of a spoon this will take 5 to 7 minutes.nSeason the sauce, to taste, with kosher salt. Place steaks on plates, top with sauce, and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 6 to 8ounce strip steaks, 34 to 1inch thick, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, coarsely crushed, 2 tablespoons clarified, unsalted butter, 34 cup beef stock or broth, 3 tablespoons cognac, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon green peppercorns in brine, drained and slightly crushed], title: Strip Steak with Pepper Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17438: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large skillet. Bring broth to a boil over high heat.nCover and reduce heat to low simmer 4 to 5 minutes or until vegetables are tendercrisp.nRemove vegetables to a serving bowl with a slotted spoon.nCook broth over high heat about 2 minutes or until liquid has reduced in volume by half.nPour broth over vegetables before serving., ingredients: [4 cups coarsely chopped vegetables, such as broccoli, carrots, cauliflower and green beans, 1 cup College Innu00ae Fat Free  Lower Sodium Chicken Broth, 1 garlic clove, minced, 14 tsp. grated fresh ginger, optional], title: SteamSauteed Vegetables, picturelink: nFVqkgOLgsuNusPif4ABqpIkcfatSye}, 17439: {instructions: In a big pitcher mix together all the ingredients but the blood oranges. Pour into glasses and garnish with a few slices of blood orange., ingredients: [10 ounces Pisco, 23 cup orange cognac liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 2 12 cups freshly squeezed blood orange juice, 13 cup fresh lime juice, 5 to 6 cups ice, 2 blood oranges, sliced], title: Dragons Breath Chiller, picturelink: bylcgoGffMFXRJijqADaOISY9Li12RO}, 17440: {instructions: To make the Garlic and Herb Oil, put all the ingredients into a small saucepan and put it over low heat. Cook for about 5 minutes, just until it becomes aromatic. Set aside and allow the oil to cool.nBring a large pot of water to a simmer. Squeeze in the juice from 1 lemon and throw the lemon halves in as well. Trim and halve the artichokes and remove the chokes. Put them into the pot and cook them until they are tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and set aside.nHeat the grill to low. Have a large shallow dish filled with 1 cup olive oil. Coat the eggplant, zucchini, peppers, artichokes, scallions, and tomatoes separately with the oil. Grill the vegetables, basting generously with the Garlic and Herb Oil, until tender and soft: about 10 minutes for the eggplant, 8 minutes for the zucchini, 15 minutes for the peppers, 10 minutes for the artichokes, and 5 minutes for the scallions and tomatoes. Arrange them on a large platter and garnish with the olives, cheese, and herbs. Squeeze over the remaining lemon juice and drizzle with a bit of olive oil., ingredients: [1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves chopped, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 baby artichokes, 2 lemons, halved, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more as needed and for garnish, 2 medium eggplant, sliced thick, 4 medium zucchini, sliced, 4 red bell peppers, halved and cored, 1 bunch scallions, 5 tomatoes, halved, 12 pound alfonso olives, for garnish, 12 pound ricotta salata, crumbled for garnish, Fresh basil leaves, for garnish, Fresh chervil leaves, for garnish], title: Grilled Antipasto Platter, picturelink: null}, 17441: {instructions: Rinse the quinoa in a strainer under cold running water and drain well. Heat a heavy saucepan over high heat and toast the quinoa for about 5 minutes, stirring constantly with a spatula and scraping the bottom of the pan so that the grains do not scorch. Transfer the quinoa to a large saucepan and add the water. Over medium high heat, bring the water to a boil, reduce the heat to low, cover, and cook for about 10 minutes, or until all the water has been absorbed. Remove from the heat and allow to cool.nIn a large bowl, combine the quinoa, flour, Parmesan, salt, and pepper. Mix thoroughly and add the green onions, parsley, egg, and egg yolk. Blend together thoroughly until the mixture has the consistency of a soft dough.nIn a large, heavy skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Using 2 soup spoons, shape the mixture into egg shapes and drop them gently into the hot oil. Cook, turning over once the croquettes are firm and golden on the bottom, until all the croquettes are golden on all sides about 1 minute total. Drain briefly on paper towels and serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [23 cup raw quinoa, 1 13 cups cold water, 14 cup al all purpose flour, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 34 teaspoons salt, 18 teaspoons ground white pepper, 4 green onions, white and light green parts only, finely chopped, 12 bunch flat leaf parsley, leaves only, finely chopped, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 large egg yolk, 34 cup vegetable oil, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Frituras de Quinoa, picturelink: null}, 17442: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly coat a baking sheet with oil or cooking spray. Place cream cheese in a small bowl and stir until completely smooth. Separate the egg yolk from the egg white. Place the egg white in a small bowl and add the egg yolk to the cream cheese. Add the sugar to the cream cheese and stir until combined.nLay the sheet of puff pastry on a flat surface and cut into nine small squares. Spoon a tablespoon of the cream cheese mixture down the center of each square from one corner to the opposite corner. Press the blueberries into the cream cheese. Fold the sides into the center, wet the points with a little water and press tightly to seal. Press the sides tightly together or they will open while they bake.nPlace the turnovers on the baking pan, brush with the egg white and sprinkle lightly with the sugar. If you are making these ahead, you can cover the pan with plastic wrap and refrigerate them for up to 4 hours before baking. Bake for 1517 minutes until golden brown. Remove from oven and serve warm., ingredients: [4 oz. cream cheese, softened, 1 egg, 14 cup sugar plus extra for sprinkling, 1 sheet puff pastry, thawed, 12 pint blueberries 1 cup], title: Mini Blueberry Turnovers, picturelink: null}, 17443: {instructions: Place 2 whole chickens and 1 teaspoon salt in a large stock pot with enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil and skim any impurities. Reduce to medium heat. Add onions, peppercorns, and ginger to stockpot. Skim as needed to clear impurities. Simmer for 3 hours. Strain broth. Adjust seasonings with fish sauce, salt, sugar and white pepper as needed.nTo make dumplings: Soak dried wood ear mushroom in hot water for 15 minutes and then mince. Chop cabbage and sprinkle with salt to drain excess liquid. Lightly saute scallions, ginger, and shallot in vegetable oil until translucent and let cool.nAdd shallot, scallions, jicama, wood ear, garlic, cabbage and cilantro to meat mixture. Add fish sauce and black pepper. Adjust as needed. Test mixture by dropping a small amount in a pot of boiling water and cooking through. Remove from the water, taste, and adjust seasoning, if necessary, before wrapping in dumpling.nPlace about 1 teaspoon of the chicken and shrimp mixture in the center of a dumpling wrapper. Lightly wet the edges of the dumpling with water. Fold over the wrapper and press to seal. Repeat with remaining filling and wrappers.nAssembly: Peel and julienne baby ginger. Cook dumplings right before service, in boiling, salted water for approximately 3 minutes, or until they float to the surface. Heat the broth in a large pot. Add the cooked dumplings and finish with cilantro, scallions and baby ginger., ingredients: [2 whole chickens, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 onions, quartered, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 4inch piece ginger root, peeled and smashed, 14 cup fish sauce, Sugar, White pepper, 14 cup wood ear mushrooms, 14 cup chopped cabbage, 12 pound shrimp, ground, 34 pound chicken, ground, 2 scallions, minced, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 14 cup peeled and chopped jicama, 2 cloves garlic, mashed, 12 cup cilantro, minced, 1 12 tablespoons fish sauce, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 package dumpling wrappers, Baby ginger, julienne, Cilantro, chopped, Scallions, julienne], title: Vietnamese Style Chicken Dumpling Soup, picturelink: null}, 17444: {instructions: Boil potatoes until tender. Set aside and keep warm.nCook apples in 1 ounce of butter with cloves and nutmeg until soft. Remove cloves and mash with remaining butter. Season with salt and pepper, set aside and keep warm.nMeanwhile, season the liver with salt and pepper, and cook quickly in hot oil for 1 minute per side. Place liver on top of potatoes. Dust onions with flour and crisp in pan and place on top of the liver. Top with apple mixture., ingredients: [1 pound peeled and quartered potatoes, 12 ounces chopped and peeled cooking apples, 1 ounce butter, plus 1 ounce, 2 cloves, Pinch nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound sliced calves liver, Olive oil, for cooking, 1 thinly sliced onion, 4 ounces flour], title: Heaven and Earth, picturelink: null}, 17445: {instructions: Cream butter and sugar using a paddle. Add honey and mix. Add whites and mix. Add flour and mix. A proper tuile batter is smooth. On a fiberglass mat or parchment paper, spread tuile batter evenly and thinly into 5 to 6inch rounds by using a wet finger, circling outward. Sprinkle with sesame seeds. Bake at 300 degrees until tuiles are brown. Check often. Tuiles can be shaped when they are still hot. Place them in muffin tins or ramekins to form a cup shape. Work quickly., ingredients: [14 pound butter, softened at room temperature, 1 cup powdered sugar, 14 cup honey, 12 cup egg whites, 1 cup sifted allpurpose flour, 18 cup white sesame seeds], title: Honey Sesame Tuiles, picturelink: null}, 17446: {instructions: For the almonds: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSpread the shredded coconut on a baking sheet and toast until light golden brown, stirring a few times, about 7 minutes. Cool slightly, then transfer to a blender or food processor and process until coarsely chopped.nSpread the almonds on the baking sheet and toast until fragrant, stirring once, about 5 minutes. Immediately transfer to a medium bowl, add the honey, and toss to coat. Add the coconut and stir to coat the almonds.nLine the baking sheet with parchment and spray with nonstick spray. Spread the coated almonds on the parchment and set aside for about 2 hours, until setu00bfthe almonds will remain slightly sticky. Coarsely chop the almonds before serving.nFor the oatmeal: In a medium saucepan, whisk 3 cups water with the milk, molasses, brown sugar, cinnamon, ginger, cloves, nutmeg and 1 12 teaspoons salt. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Stir in the oats, return to a boil and then lower the heat to maintain a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the oats are soft and the mixture has thickened, about 30 minutes the oats should be very cream. Add more water if the mixture becomes too dry and the oats need more cooking time.nDivide the oatmeal among four serving bowls and top with banana, mango, crystallized ginger and chopped almonds. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 1 12 cups skinon whole almonds, 2 tablespoons honey, Nonstick spray, 3 cups lowfat milk, 14 cup unsulfured mild molasses, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups steelcut oats, 1 ripe banana, sliced, 1 ripe mango, diced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped crystallized ginger], title: Spiced Oatmeal with Banana, Mango and ToastedCoconut Almonds, picturelink: KcF0SmNQnTTbNUKbhZJxJqHvblvkU6}, 17447: {instructions: Season both sides of the walleye with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Coat both sides of the walleye fillet with flour, tapping off the excess. Heat the butter in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook the walleye on one side for 2 to 3 minutes, or until golden. Turn the fillet over and cook until fish is opaque and cooked through. Remove to a plate and keep warm. Add the sliced mushrooms and diced tomatoes to the fish pan and cook until mushrooms are golden and any liquid has evaporated. Add some of the garlic wine sauce and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve the fish over linguini and top with the pan sauce. Garnish with a lemon wedge.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepot over medium heat. Add the garlic and saute until beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the water, clam base, white wine, and lemon pepper, and simmer until reduced and thickened, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 6 to 8ounce walleye fillet, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour, for dredging, 2 tablespoons butter, 1ounce sliced white mushrooms, 1ounce diced tomatoes, Garlic Wine Sauce, recipe follows, 6 ounces linguini, cooked, Lemon wedges, for garnish, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 ounces chopped garlic, 6 cups hot water, 2 ounces clam base bouillon, 14 cup white wine, 3 tablespoons lemon pepper], title: Fresh Walleye with Garlic Wine Sauce, picturelink: 6K2BDppeFWnM2PFG1z1LqtGXTYCDJq.}, 17448: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut a large heavy bottomed pot over medium heat and add 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil or enough to coat the bottom of the pan. Drop a few kernels of corn in the oil to test the heat. When they begin to pop, add the rest of the corn and cover with a tight fitted lid. Shake the pan while the corn pops to keep it from burning.nAdd the popcorn to a large bowl and drizzle with butter. Sprinkle with the BBQ Seasoning, and Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss thoroughly.nMix all the ingredients together in a small bowl. Can be saved in an airtight container for up to 6 months., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup popcorn kernels, 1 stick butter, melted, 2 tablespoons Neelys BBQ Seasoning, recipe follows, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups paprika, 34 cup sugar, 3 34 tablespoons onion powder], title: Neelys BBQ Popcorn, picturelink: z90yFY1Ptsr3gROAE7iUzlNOdwNdMzy}, 17449: {}, 17450: {instructions: In a metal or bamboo steamer basket, steam monkfish for 2 minutes. Remove from steamer and halve. Place cabbage leaves in steamer basket and cook for 5 minutes or until tender.nLay cabbage leaves on a flat surface. Place 34 teaspoon ginger, 1 tablespoon carrots, and 12 teaspoon chives on each cabbage leaf, followed by 12 fillet of monkfish. Season with a pinch of salt and pepper. Roll, folding in sides to enclose monkfish. Steam for 4 to 5 more minutes or until fish is cooked through.nCombine all ingredients for ponzu sauce in a blender container and puree. Strain, if desired. Serve 2 tablespoons ponzu sauce with 2 monkfish wraps., ingredients: [1 pound monkfish, cut into 4 equal fillets, 8 Napa cabbage leaves, 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger 34 teaspoon ginger per fillet, 12 cup diced carrot 1 tablespoon per fillet, 4 teaspoons chopped chives 12 teaspoon per fillet, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons lowsodium tamari sauce, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 2 teaspoons sugar], title: Napa Cabbage Wrapped Monkfish with Ponzu Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17451: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition an oven rack just below the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the butter: In a small bowl, combine the butter, rosemary, thyme, lemon juice, salt, pepper and garlic until smooth.nFor the chicken: Tuck the wings under the chicken. Sprinkle the cavity of the chicken with salt and pepper. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the butter mixture into the cavity. Place the rosemary, thyme and lemon quarters in the cavity. Tie the legs together loosely with kitchen string. Place the chicken in a large roasting pan.nStarting at the neck end of the chicken, loosen the skin over the entire chicken breast. Smear the remaining butter mixture over the outside and under the skin of the chicken, being careful not to tear the skin.nFor the vegetables: In a large bowl, toss together the oil, rosemary, thyme, salt, pepper, potatoes, carrots, parsnips, shallots and garlic.nArrange the vegetables around the chicken in a single layer. Add the broth and roast until the vegetables are tender and an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the chicken thigh registers 160 to 165 degrees F, about 1 12 hours. Let the chicken rest for 20 minutes.nTransfer the chicken to a platter. Arrange the vegetables around the chicken. Scrape the contents of the roaster into a 4cup measuring cup. Spoon off the layer of fat that rises to the top. Season the pan juices with salt and pepper, if needed. Serve the chicken with the pan juices., ingredients: [Butter:, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice from 12 large lemon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 large cloves garlic, minced, Chicken:, One 6 14pound chicken, rinsed and patted dry, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 6 baby red potatoes, halved, 4 medium carrots, peeled and halved lengthwise, 2 large parsnips, peeled and quartered lengthwise, 2 large shallots about 8 ounces, peeled and halved, 1 clove garlic, peeled, 12 cup lowsalt chicken broth, 5 sprigs fresh rosemary, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 lemon, quartered, Vegetables:, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme], title: GarlicRoasted Chicken and Root Vegetables, picturelink: NIDFGRuUPQUYUwVA6iB.ZWaid0j9M6}, 17452: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oil over medium heat in a 6quart stockpot. Add onions and garlic and saute until soft but not brown, about 6 to 7 minutes. Add the butternut squash, broth, curry powder and salt and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until squash is tender, about 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat stir in honey and puree with an immersion blender or in batches in a blender until smooth. Season with salt, to taste.nLadle into serving bowls and add a dollop of yogurt., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 medium onion, chopped about 2 cups, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 2 12pound butternut squash, peeled, seeded and cut into 1inch cubes, 6 cups lowsodium chicken broth or vegetable broth, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons curry powder, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more, to taste, 2 tablespoons honey, 4 teaspoons plain lowfat yogurt, for garnish], title: Curried Butternut Squash Soup, picturelink: PdKXMVto0DHhSG6HF7.ltbXRL5kmm6K}, 17453: {instructions: 1. Lightly toss all ingredients including Mrs. Dashu00ae Fiesta Lime in medium size bowl.n2. Rest in refrigerator for 30 minutes for flavors to marry.n3. Spoon into four bowls, adding remaining juices over the top of the salad ingredients., ingredients: [1 pint cherry tomatoes cut in half, 1 12 cups 1 inch cubed yellow or red seedless watermelon peeled, cut into 2 inch cubes, 1 avocado, cleaned and cut into 34 inch cubes, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and cut into halves, then into 12 inch pieces, 1 Tbsp. each fresh tarragon, basil, cilantro chopped coarsely, 2 Tbsp. olive oil, extra virgin if possible, 3 Tbsp. balsamic vinegar, 1 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Fiesta Lime Seasoning Blend], title: Cherry Tomato and Watermelon Salad, picturelink: hPTK28V3evFMJszc.mKs9hFVqacj36}, 17454: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375u00b0F.nSeparate dough into 8 triangles.nIn bowl, mix chicken and barbecue sauce. Spoon chicken mixture onto short end of each triangle sprinkle each with 1 teaspoon of the cheese. Roll up loosely as directed on can. Place on ungreased cookie sheet. Brush with egg sprinkle with remaining cheese.nBake at 375u00b0F 12 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 can 8 ounce Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls, 1 cup shredded cooked chicken, 14 cup barbecue sauce, 13 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, 1 egg,beaten], title: BBQ Chicken Crescents Sponsored, picturelink: oKwnpvak2QJEdm35714O5vA2Nd6AqK}, 17455: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPat the pork chops dry with paper towels and season on both sides with salt and pepper. Place a heavy saute pan over high heat. When the pan is hot, add the oil and 1 tablespoon butter to the pan and swirl to coat the pan evenly. Add the pork chop to the pan and sear for 2 to 3 minutes on the first side. The chops will turn golden brown as the natural sugars in the pork caramelize and create a nice crust. Turn the chops and sear on the second side for 1 minute. Transfer to the oven and cook to desired doneness. It should take about 10 to 12 minutes in the oven for the pork to be just cooked through and juicy.nRemove the pork from the oven and place the pork chops on a plate to rest while you make the sauce. Loosely cover with foil. Remove the excess fat from the pan and return the pan to the burner. Turn the heat to medium high. Carefully deglaze the pan with the sherry vinegar and sherry and scrape up the brown bits on the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the veal stock and barbecue sauce and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and reduce until slightly thickened, about 4 minutes. Whisk in the Dijon mustard and the remaining 1 tablespoon butter and whisk to combine. Garnish with chopped tomatoes and minced chives.nServe the pork with the sauce., ingredients: [4 1 12inch thick center cut pork chops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon, 7 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons sherry, 1 cup brown veal stock, 1 tablespoon barbecue sauce, 1 12 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons peeled, seeded, and chopped tomatoes, 1 teaspoon minced chives], title: Pork Chops with Sherry Vinegar Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17456: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the cubed baguette on a sheet tray and bake 10 minutes to dry out. Reserve. Add the potatoes to a pot of simmering water and simmer until you just take the bite off, 10 minutes we will cook these again in the skillet. Remove and reserve. Turn up the oven temperature to 425 degrees F. Heat a 14inch heavybottomed skillet on high and coat with canola oil. Sprinkle the chicken thighs with salt and pepper. Sear the chicken skinside down, working in batches if needed, until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip and cook another 2 minutes. Remove the chicken from the skillet, reserving all of the fat in the pan. Add the onions, sprinkle with salt and sweat until translucent and softened, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the baguette cubes, reserved potatoes and carrots, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the lemon wedges and lemon thyme. Toss all the ingredients in the fat with an additional glug of oil if needed. Arrange the thighs on top and place in the oven until the thighs reach 160 degrees F, about 15 minutes. Garnish with parsley and serve., ingredients: [12 baguette, cubed, 12 ounces small red new potatoes, halved, Canola oil, 8 bonein chicken thighs, skin on, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 large yellow onion, sliced, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 12 ounces heirloom baby multicolored carrots or supermarket baby carrots, scrubbed and tops removed, 2 lemons, cut into wedges, 1 small bunch fresh lemon thyme or thyme sprigs, Fresh parsley leaves, for garnish], title: LemonScented Crispy Chicken Thighs with Potatoes and Baby Carrots, picturelink: S2tk1tOwVT8HFEnkszIE56LBY0ulFca}, 17457: {instructions: For the marmalade: Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add the tomatoes, vinegar, shallots, onions, sugar and salt to taste. Cook until almost all the moisture has been cooked out, making sure to stir continuously.nSchmere tomato marmalade on the toasted baguette slices. Top each with a slice of burrata. Drizzle each with olive oil and sprinkle over sea salt and cracked pepper., ingredients: [2 14 cups chopped tomatoes, 34 cup red wine vinegar, 13 cup minced shallots, 14 cup minced red onion, 14 cup sugar, Salt, 4 baguette slices, about 34inch thick, lightly toasted, 4 slices burrata cheese, about 12inch thick, Olive oil, Sea salt and fresh cracked pepper], title: Pan con Burrata, picturelink: null}, 17458: {instructions: Wash the goat meat with the juice of the 2 limes and place it in a large stockpot with the water and soup mix. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then lower the heat and simmer for about 2 hours, or until the meat is tender. Add the remaining ingredients and cook for an additional 20 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender., ingredients: [2 pounds goat meat, cut into 1inch cubes with bone, Lime juice from 2 limes, 1 12 gallons water, 1 packet chicken noodle soup mix, 6 small green bananas, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 4 chayote, cubed, 1 pound white yam, cubed, 6 potatoes, peeled and cubed, 6 carrots, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 scallions minced, including the green parts, 2 or 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 Scotch Bonnet chile, or to taste, 6 allspice berries, Salt to taste], title: Mannish Water, picturelink: null}, 17459: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly brush a 12muffin tin with butter and set aside. Sift the flour, baking powder, and salt into a medium bowl and set aside.nIn a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or with an electric handheld mixer in a large bowl, cream the butter, zest, and 23 cup of the sugar until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Remove the bowl from the mixer.nUsing a rubber spatula, fold the flour in 3 parts into the butter mixture, alternating with the milk in 2 parts, until just combined. Fold in the blueberries. Take care not to over mix the batter. Divide the batter evenly into the muffin tin and sprinkle the tops with sugar. Bake until golden brown, about 25 minutes. Cool muffins in the pan on a rack. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, plus more for preparing the muffin tin, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 23 cup sugar, plus 1 tablespoon for the top of the muffins, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup whole milk, 1 12 cups fresh blueberries, rinsed and dried], title: Blueberry Muffins, picturelink: null}, 17460: {instructions: Place the avocado, scallions, tarragon, parsley, vinegar, buttermilk and 12 teaspoon salt in a blender puree until smooth. Serve with vegetable sticks.nPhotograph Ngoc Minh Ngo, ingredients: [1 ripe avocado, halved, pitted and peeled, 2 scallions, green and white parts, coarsely chopped, 14 cup fresh tarragon, 14 cup fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 34 cup buttermilk, Salt, Vegetable sticks, for dipping], title: Green Goddess Dip, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 17461: {instructions: Bring base to a simmer, add the rice, cover and cook 10 minutes. Add the beans, toasted spices and chicken and cook, covered for 10 minutes more. Season to taste with salt and pepper add more water or stock if thick or simmer down if too thin. Remove from heat, stir in lime juice and cilantro. Garnish with sour cream., ingredients: [Half of foundation soup base, 14 cup long grain rice, 2 cups cooked or 1 can 16 ounces black beans, drained, 1 teaspoon each toasted ground cumin and chili powder, 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast, cut into bite sized pieces, Salt and crushed red pepper, Juice of 2 fresh limes, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Sour cream, optional], title: TexMex Style Main Course Chicken Soup, picturelink: null}, 17462: {instructions: Stir together sour cream, mayonnaise, parsley, chives, garlic, salt, and pepper in a bowl until combined well. Chill dip, covered, until slightly thickened, at least 1 hour for flavors to develop.nServe dip with vegetables., ingredients: [34 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 14 teaspoon minced garlic, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 4 carrots, cut into sticks, 6 celery ribs, cut into sticks, 1 seedless cucumber usually plasticwrapped, cut into sticks, 1 small jicama, peeled, halved lengthwise, and cut into sticks, 1 12 cups grape or cherry tomatoes 9 ounces], title: Ranch Dip with Vegetables, picturelink: ckRgRNqEWMSgKdSzkmb35MkD7liULji}, 17463: {instructions: Rinse and chill Champagne flutes in freezer to frost glasses. Pour 2 ounces of orange juice into each flute, about 13 of the flute. Fill almost to the rim with Champagne. Top each glass with a splash of orange liqueur and garnish with a curl of orange peel., ingredients: [8 ounces orange juice, Dry Champagne, 2 ounces Triple Sec or other orange liqueur, 4 curls orange peel], title: Mimosas, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 17464: {instructions: In a saucepan melt butter over medium heat. Cook onion and mushrooms, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until softened. Add stock, water, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Add wild rice, return to boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 35 minutes. Stir in longgrain rice, simmer, covered, for 25 minutes or just until liquid is absorbed and rice is tender. Let cool.nTrim spinach, rinse, shaking off excess water. In saucepan with just the water clinging to leaves, cook spinach over medium heat for 8 minutes or until wilted. Drain in sieve, pressing out moisture. Chop, toss with lemon juice and nutmeg. Cut salmon crosswise into 4 pieces. Separate some skin from flesh. Holding skin, insert knife at 45 degree angle. Slide along to cut fillet from skin.nLay 1 sheet of phyllo pastry on work surface, keeping remaining phyllo pastry on work surface covered with damp cloth. Brush with about 2 teaspoons of the butter. Place second sheet on top. Brush with butter.nAbout 1inch from 1 long side of pastry, spoon 12 cup rice mixture lengthwise into 3inch wide strip, leaving a 4inch border at each short side. Arrange 14 of the spinach over rice. Top with 1 piece of salmon.nFold 1inch border over filling, fold each side over and roll up. Place, seam side down, on greased baking sheet. Brush with butter. Repeat with remaining ingredients to form 4 packages. Bake in preheated 425 degree oven for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden.nMeanwhile, in saucepan, boil vinegar, wine, shallots, salt and pepper for 5 minutes or until reduced to 2 tablespoons. Reduce heat to low. Vigorously whisk in butter, a few cubes at a time, until thickened and smooth. Stir in parsley. Serve with salmon packages., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, chopped, 34 cup sliced mushrooms, 34 vegetable stock, 23 cup water, 14 teaspoon salt, Pinch pepper, 14 cup wild rice, rinsed, 13 longgrain rice, 20 ounces fresh spinach, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Pinch nutmeg, 1 1 12 pounds salmon fillet, 8 sheets phyllo pastry, 13 cup butter, melted, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons finely minced shallots or onion, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 23 cup butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Salmon Strudels, picturelink: null}, 17465: {}, 17466: {instructions: Make the broth: Cover the tasajo with cold water and soak it for at least 8 hours. There is no need to refrigerate it. Change the water and continue soaking for another hour. Drain again and rinse under cold running water. Put the tasajo in a large, heavy pot and add about 6 quarts of water. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer, covered for 1 hour. Add the pork, beef brisket, and bay leaf, and let the three meats cook together until tender. Remove the pot from the heat and skim as much fat as possible from the broth. If you have time, the best way is to refrigerate the broth overnight until the fat solidifies and then remove it.nMake the Sofrito: Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat and saute the onions and green pepper until the onions are translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 2 minutes more. Add the pepper, cumin, and tomatoes and cook for another 2 minutes.nAdd the sofrito to the broth and simmer, covered, while you prepare the vegetables.nComplete the Dish: Peel the malanga, boniato, name, yucca, and calabaza and cube them. Cut the corn and green plaintains into 1 12inch pieces. With a knife, split the skin of each piece of green plantain and open it away from the center as if you were taking off a coat. Sprinkle the plantain pieces with the lime juice. Slit the semiripe and ripe plantains lengthwise and slice them crosswise into 1 12inch rounds. Do not remove their skins or they will disintegrate in the stew. Add the green plantains to the simmering stew. After about 15 minutes, add the semiripe plantains. After another 15 minutes, add the ripe plantains and let them simmer for about 10 minutes.nServe hot in soup plates or, cocidostyle, with the meats, vegetables, and broth in separate dishes. Each diner removes the skin from the semiripe plantains themselves., ingredients: [12 pound Tasajo jerked beef, cut into 2inch chunks, 1 pound pork meat, cut into 2inch chunks, 1 pound beef brisket, cut into 2inch chunks, 1 bay leaf, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 large onions, peeled and chopped, 1 medium green bell pepper, cored, seeded, and chopped, 3 garlic cloves, peeled and minced, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 cup crushed tomatoes canned are fine, 12 pound 1 medium yellow malanga, 1 pound 2 medium white malanga, 1 pound 2 medium boniato, 12 pound 12 medium name, 1 pound 2 medium yucca, 1 pound 12 medium calabaza, 2 ears of corn, husked, 2 green plantains, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 semiripe yellow plantains, 1 ripe almost black plantain], title: Ajiaco CriolloCuban Creole Stew, picturelink: null}, 17467: {instructions: Mix all ingredients, marinate and refrigerate quail for at least 6 hours overnight is ideal. Season the quail and grill until done this will take about 20 minutes. Be careful not to burn the skin. Place on top of the braised papaya. Garnish with chili oil. Recipes for the braised papaya and chili oil to follow.nIn a saucepan, melt butter and sugar together. Add papaya and cook for 5 minutes. Season. Add lime juice and chicken stock and simmer for 30 minutes or until papaya is al dente. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat chili and cumin in a saute pan until barely smoking. Whisk in oil and salt. Transfer to tall, glass jar and let stand overnight. Oil will separate., ingredients: [4 tablespoons sambal condiment, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 12 cup red wine, 14 cup chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons molasses, 12 cup canola oil, Salt and black pepper to taste, 8 quail, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 medium sized green papaya, skinned and diced, Juice of 1 lime, 12 cup chicken stock, Salt and black pepper to taste, 12 cup ground red chile ancho, chimayo or pasilla, 12 tablespoon ground cumin, 3 cups canola oil, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Grilled Sambal Quail with Braised Green Papaya, picturelink: null}, 17468: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 17469: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker combine Hennessey and lemon juice, stir, strain into martini glass and garnish with lemon peel., ingredients: [2 ounces Hennessy, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, Lemon peel], title: Hennessy Martini, picturelink: null}, 17470: {instructions: If using dried beans, add the beans to a large bowl, cover by 2 inches with cold water and let soak for at least 8 hours, or overnight. Drain and set aside. If using canned beans, drain and rinse.nAdd the bacon, if using, to a large, heavybottomed pot over medium heat and cook until browned and crisp, about 10 minutes. Remove the bacon and set aside. Discard all but 1 tablespoon of the fat and return the skillet to the stovetop. Add the sausage and cook until browned. With a slotted spoon, remove the sausage to a bowl and reserve.nDiscard all but 1 tablespoon of the fat from the skillet and return to the stove over medium heat. When the fat shimmers, add the onion and garlic, stir to coat in fat, and cook until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds.nAdd the potatoes and stir to coat in the tomato paste. Add the beans, chorizo, and all remaining ingredients, except the bacon, and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until the flavors have melded and the dried beans are cooked through, about 1 to 1 12 hours. Crumble the bacon into beans, and season with additional salt, if needed. Remove the bay leaf, transfer the beans to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 pound dried kidney beans or great Northern beans, rinsed and picked over or 2 15 ounce cans or kidney beans, 8 ounces sliced smoked bacon, optional, 8 ounces Spanish chorizo cured spicy pork sausage, kielbasa or other spicy sausage, cut into 14inchthick coins, 1 large yellow onion, roughly chopped, 4 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 medium Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 12inch pieces, 4 cups water, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 medium bay leaf], title: Portuguese Sausage and Bean Stew, picturelink: 9e.qFVNzDqb5tE3Qwr1Er3c4vjQGpa}, 17471: {instructions: For the black bean burger: Combine the beans, cilantro, breadcrumbs, mayonnaise, cumin, salt, chipotle powder, oregano and black pepper in a bowl and mash with your hands until about 23 of the black beans are mashed. The mixture should hold together when you pat it into a burger. Shape 6 burgers from the mixture.nHeat a griddle over high heat, add the grapeseed oil and then the burgers. Cook until the burgers are seared on one side, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook on the second side until browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the griddle and serve immediately following the plating instructions below.nTo plate: Heat a griddle over high heat, add the grapeseed oil and then the pineapple slices. Cook until the pineapple slices are seared on one side, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook on the second side until browned, 2 to 3 minutes.nButter both sides of the burger buns and toast on the griddle until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes.nSet the bottoms of the buns on 6 plates. Top each with a lettuce leaf, tomato slice, red onion slice and burger. Add the bun tops and serve each with a piece of seared pineapple and some vegetable chips on the side., ingredients: [2 12 pounds cooked black beans, 2 cups fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 cup breadcrumbs, 13 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons chipotle powder, 2 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 6 slices pineapple, 12 inch thick each, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 brioche burger buns, split, 6 leaves Bibb lettuce, 6 slices tomato, 6 slices red onion, Vegetable chips, for serving], title: Black Bean Burger, picturelink: sgKZBTrGoKeOY.OKRFNHkr7c8g8gqAG}, 17472: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 individual crocksnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the molasses, ketchup, mustard, and chiles in a blender and puree. Scrape that into a big bowl, add the beans and season with salt and black pepper, and gently toss so that the beans are coated with the molasses mixture. Divide the mixture evenly amongst individual crocks. Top each crock with a piece of pancetta, sprig of rosemary and a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil. Bake in the oven until the bacon is browned and fat is rendered, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup molasses, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 1 canned chipotle chiles in adobo, 3 big 28ounce cans cannelloni beans, drained and rinsed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices pancetta, Leaves from 6 fresh rosemary sprigs, Extravirgin olive oil], title: The Ultimate Baked Beans, picturelink: Jz9QKDqvDkO6TI3Mk56aaKLevBYpxC}, 17473: {instructions: In a large skillet fry bacon until crispy and remove to a paper towellined plate, reserving fat in pan. To the skillet add the bell pepper and garlic and cook until softened slightly, about 5 minutes. Add corn, lima beans, pearl onions, hot sauce and cream. Bring to a simmer and cook until vegetables are thawed and tender. Stir in reserved bacon and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 strips thickcut bacon, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 16ounce bag frozen corn, 1 16ounce bag frozen lima beans, 1 10ounce bag frozen pearl onions, 1 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot, 13 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fast Succotash, picturelink: 44P7MFwcouD8ojdK5G2MyM99FM2yycW}, 17474: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a large saucepan of water to a boil. Drop in the tomatoes and leave them for about 30 seconds do this in 2 batches if necessary. Remove the tomatoes from the saucepan and drop into ice water to cool. Drain and peel off the skin. Remove the cores and seeds from the tomatoes and dice the meat into 12inch pieces. Toss the diced tomato with the olive oil and season with pepper to taste. Reserve at room temperature until ready to use.nHeat the butter and peanut oil over medium heat in a medium ovenproof pot with a cover. Add the chicken thighs and saute for about 2 minutes per side or until nicely browned. Remove the thighs, season with salt and pepper to taste, and reserve. Pour off all the butter, oil, and juices except for 2 tablespoons.nAdd the onion and celery to the butter and oil and saute over medium heat for about 3 minutes or until translucent. Add the garlic and rice and saute, stirring, for about 3 minutes or until the garlic is soft and the rice is translucent.nIn a small saucepan, heat the stock to a simmer. Return the chicken to the pot with the rice and add the hot stock, the reserved tomatoes, the herbs, and the Tabasco. Stir well to combine. Add salt and pepper to taste. Cover tightly and bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes or until the chicken and rice are cooked and the liquid is absorbed. Note that this is a most dish, not one where the grains of rice are dry and fluffy. Remove the sprig of thyme and bay leaves. Check the seasoning for salt and pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 ripe large tomatoes or 9 ripe plum tomatoes, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 6 chicken thighs, bone in and skin on, but trimmed of any fat, Salt to taste, 1 cup finely chopped yellow onion, 1 cup finely chopped celery, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 cups uncooked converted longgrain white rice I use Uncle Bens, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 large sprig fresh thyme, 2 small bay leaves, 2 teaspoons Tabasco sauce], title: Lowcountry Chicken Bog, picturelink: null}, 17475: {instructions: Prepare a grill for mediumhigh heat.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the sausage, peppers, onions, potatoes, garlic, oregano, olive oil, and some salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Transfer the mixture to a large piece of heavyduty foil and seal up into a pouch.nPlace the pouch on the grill and cook for 30 to 35 minutes., ingredients: [4 to 5 links andouille sausage, sliced into 14inch slices, 6 tricolored peppers, ribs and seeds removed, sliced 14inch thick, 2 large red onions, sliced 14inch thick, 34 pound baby Yukon Gold potatoes, thinly sliced, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 4 sprigs fresh oregano, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Andouille Sausage and Pepper Pouch, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 17476: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPut the jalapenos on a sheet pan, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and roast in until the skins look like they are blistered, about 15 to 20 minutes. Put the jalapenos in a mixing bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let them cool. When the jalapenos are cool, remove the skin and seeds. Put them into a food processor and puree until smooth. Add the cream cheese, honey, hot sauce and spinach and puree until incorporated. Transfer the mixture to a serving bowl and add the cheese. Stir in the mayonnaise, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [6 to 8 jalapeno peppers, 1 teaspoon sea salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon ground black or white pepper, plus more for seasoning, 2 ounces cream cheese, 2 ounces honey, 1ounce hot sauce Franks Red Hot, or any hot sauce will do, 3 to 4 ounces fresh spinach, 4 cups grated white Cheddar, 34 cups mayonnaise], title: Roasted Jalapeno Pimento Cheese, picturelink: null}, 17477: {instructions: Combine the veal and the next 5 ingredients then reserve mix and rinse off your hands.nHeat a medium soup pot over medium to mediumhigh heat. Begin to chop veggies while pot heats up: dice carrots into 14 inch pieces, chop celery and onion. Add extravirgin olive oil to hot pot and carrots. Turn carrots to coat them in oil and add celery and onion as you get them chopped up. Work near the stove so you can chop, then drop into the pot. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper and a bay leaf. Stir vegetables and cook 5 minutes to begin to soften. Do not let vegetables brown, reduce heat if necessary. Add the wine and cook for 1 minute. Next, add beans and tomatoes and stock to the pot. Put a lid on the pot and raise heat to high. When soup boils, about 3 minutes, add 1inch balls of veal dumplings directly to the pot. When you are done adding the veal, stir in the egg noodles. Simmer stoup for 6 minutes to cook noodles and meat dumplings. Adjust seasonings and turn the heat off, then let stoup stand a couple of minutes.nPile garlic, anchovies, parsley and lemon zest on a cutting board and finely chop the mixture, then transfer to a small dish.nServe stoup in shallow bowls with a couple of teaspoonfuls of gremolata on top. Stir the gremolata throughout the stoup and pass crusty bread at the table for dipping and mopping., ingredients: [1 pound ground veal, 1 large egg, beaten, 13 cup Italian bread crumbs, a couple of handfuls, 14 cup, a generous handful, grated Parmigiano or Romano, 14 to 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it, Coarse salt and black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pot, 2 carrots, peeled, 2 ribs celery and their greens, 1 medium yellow skinned onion, peeled and halved, Coarse salt and pepper, 1 fresh or dried bay leaf, 12 cup white wine, 1 14ounce can white beans, cannellini, drained, 1 15 ounce can diced tomatoes in puree or coarsely ground tomatoes, 3 cups chicken stock, available in resealable boxes on soup aisle, 2 cups beef stock, available in 1 cup small boxes on soup aisle, 1 cup egg pasta, broken egg fettuccini or medium egg noodles, 2 cloves garlic, cracked away from skins, 1 2ounce tin flat fillet anchovies, drained, Handful flatleaf parsley, about 14 cup loosely packed, 1 lemon, zested, Crusty bread, to pass at table], title: Zuppa Osso Buco, picturelink: null}, 17478: {instructions: In a small bowl mix together the gelatin and 3 tablespoons of cold water and set aside to soften.nIn a medium pot combine the milk, 2 14 cups heavy cream, sugar and salt. Put over medium heat and heat until just before it reaches a simmer. Remove from the heat and whisk in the softened gelatin, instant espresso powder, vanilla bean pod and seeds. Cover and let steep for 30 minutes.nArrange 10 espresso cups or 10 4ounce ramekins on a baking sheet. Stir the cream mixture to reincorporate all the flavors. Remove vanilla bean pod from the cream and evenly divide the mixture between the espresso cups. Cover the cups with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 5 hours or overnight.nIn a large cold bowl, combine the remaining 34 cup of heavy cream and the powdered sugar. Whip with a hand mixer until soft peaks form. Remove the panna cotta from the refrigerator and top each cup with a heaping tablespoon of the whipped cream. Sprinkle with ground cinnamon and serve., ingredients: [1 14ounce package or 2 teaspoons powdered gelatin, 3 tablespoons cold water, 1 cup milk, 3 cups heavy cream, divided, 12 cup sugar, 1 pinch salt, 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, Ground cinnamon, for garnish], title: Cappuccino Panna Cotta, picturelink: null}, 17479: {instructions: Grate zucchini on largest holes of a foursided grater. In a large saucepan of boiling salted water blanch zucchini 1 minute. Immediately drain zucchini in a sieve and rinse under cold running water to stop cooking. Squeeze zucchini dry by small handfuls and transfer to a bowl. Stir in remaining ingredients, adding enough milk to reach desired consistency. Raita may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Serve raita at cool temperature., ingredients: [3 medium zucchini, 1 12 cups plain wholemilk yogurt preferably Middle Eastern, 12 cup packed fresh mint leaves, 14 cup packed fresh coriander sprigs, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, or to taste, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons whole milk, if necessary], title: Louki Raita Zucchini in Creamy Yogurt, picturelink: null}, 17480: {instructions: Place each veal round between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and pound to a 14inch thickness, using a meat mallet or the bottom of a small, heavy pan. Transfer the veal to a baking sheet. Combine the oregano, lemon zest, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl, then rub over the veal. Cover in plastic and place in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes.nRemove the veal from the refrigerator and dredge in flour to coat both sides. Shake to remove excess flour, then set the veal aside on a plate or tray.nIn a large skillet, heat 4 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat until melted and bubbling. Working in batches, fry the veal until golden and just cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Remove from the pan and set aside.nAdd the remaining 4 tablespoons butter and the onions to the pan and cook until the onions are softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms, Marsala, capers, mustard, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper, and saute until soft and golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth and cook until the sauce is reduced by half and thickened.nTransfer the cooked veal to a serving plate and pour the sauce all over it. Top with the parsley and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds boneless veal loin, sliced into 12 rounds, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Zest of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper1 cup allpurpose flour, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 small yellow onion, cut into small dice, 3 cups sliced mushrooms, 2 tablespoons Marsala wine, 1 tablespoon capers, drained and rinsed, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup chicken broth, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: Veal Scaloppine with Mushroom Marsala Sauce, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 17481: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a very hot pan, separately cook the vegetables over a mediumhigh flame with a bit of the olive oil. Cook the onions and the garlic together in the same pan in a little more oil. Set all cooked vegetables aside in a large bowl.nMake the agrodolce: Combine vinegar and sugar in a small saucepan and reduce by half over mediumhigh heat for 3 to 4 minutes.nWhile vegetables are still warm, combine with the roasted peppers, olives, and capers. Pour the agrodolce vinegar over the vegetable mixture and toss to coat. Add salt and pepper to taste. Add the chopped herbs and marinara sauce and stir.nServe the caponata at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, for frying, plus more if needed, 3 medium eggplants, cut into small dice, 3 small green zucchini, quartered and cut into 14inch pieces, 3 small yellow squash, quartered and cut into 14inch pieces, 2 onions, chopped 14inch pieces, 6 celery ribs, cut into 14inch slices, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 12 cups red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup roasted red peppers, thinly sliced, 1 cup kalamata olives, pitted and chopped, 1 cup capers, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 cups prepared marinara sauce], title: Caponata Agrodolce Sweet and Sour, picturelink: aFNFbNCOWZ4DHMxfverHg.V7az1xRq}, 17482: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the potatoes and 2 tablespoons of salt in a large pot of water. Bring the water to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, until the potatoes are barely tender when pierced with a knife. Drain the potatoes in a colander, then place the colander with the potatoes over the empty pot and cover with a clean, dry kitchen towel. Allow the potatoes to steam for 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, buttermilk, Dijon mustard, whole grain mustard, dill, 1 teaspoon of salt, and 1 teaspoon of pepper. Set aside.nWhen the potatoes are cool enough to handle, cut them in quarters or in half, depending on their size. Place the cut potatoes in a large bowl. While the potatoes are still warm, pour enough dressing over them to moisten. Add the celery and red onion, 2 teaspoons of salt and 1 teaspoon of pepper. Toss well, cover, and refrigerate for a few hours to allow the flavors to blend. Serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 pounds small white potatoes, Kosher salt, 1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 12 cup chopped fresh dill, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chopped celery, 12 cup chopped red onion], title: Potato Salad, picturelink: 6JPu0S.sxoL9VyKewBToLUNkqOqAPLm}, 17483: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the flour with the lard, butter, and salt. Mix lightly with your fingertips until the dough forms grapesized pieces. You should still be able to see chunks of fat.nStir in the iced water. Lightly knead, handling the dough as little as possible, until the dough forms a ball. Add a little more iced water if necessary. Transfer to a plastic bag and shape into a log. Cut into 2 pieces and place each inside an airtight bag. Seal the bags, pressing out any air, and chill for 1 hour or as long as 3 days. The pie dough can be frozen for as long as a week. Roll out half of the dough to a 12 inch round about 18 inch thick and use it to line a buttered and floured 10 inch pie pan, pressing the dough well into the bottom and up the sides without stretching. Chill for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Cut out a circle of aluminum foil or parchment paper and fit it into the chilled pie shell. Fill with rice, beans, or ceramic pie weights and bake the pie shell for about 15 minutes, or until the edges are just golden and beginning to pull away from the sides of the pan.nRemove the paper and the weights and return the shell to the oven to finish cooking for 5 to 10 minutes more. Cool on a rack., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup lard, 2 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, About 12 cup iced water], title: Prebaked Pie Shell, picturelink: null}, 17484: {instructions: Pulse the oats in a food processor fitted with a metal blade until some of it is fine and some of it is still very coarse. Whisk the oats with the cake flour, allpurpose flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a medium bowl.nCream the brown sugar, butter and granulated sugar in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment on medium speed until very light, about 5 minutes. Beat in the egg, mixing well. Beat in the vanilla. Reduce the speed to low, add the flour mixture and mix until combined. Fold in the chocolate chips. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 24 hours and up to 48 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Scoop the dough 1 teaspoonful at a time into balls and place 1 inch apart on the baking sheets. Sprinkle lightly with the sea salt. Bake, rotating sheets from back to front and top to bottom halfway through, until golden brown around the edges and paler and soft in the middle, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool 10 minutes on the sheet on a rack, then transfer the cookies to the rack and cool for as long as you can resist. Continue with the remaining dough., ingredients: [34 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 cup cake flour, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 10 tablespoons 5 ounces unsalted butter, T cool room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate chips 1 12 cups, Flaky sea salt, such as Maldon, for sprinkling], title: Mini Bittersweet Chocolate Chip Cookies with Flaky Sea Salt, picturelink: 5cGEBVgFlPUfFUU.EztnvSzgHV8XI.}, 17485: {instructions: Place bread and onion in food processor, whirl. Add tomatoes, marjoram, paprika, parsley and pepper, whirl.nCombine beef, turkey, egg substitute and bread mixture in bowl. Pack into 6cup ring mold. Bake at 375 degree F for 50 minutes. Unmold onto platter.nBeef Gravy: Saute 1 small chopped onion in 1 tablespoon vegetable oil: blend in 2 tablespoons flour. Add 34 cup condensed beef broth and 12 cup water. Cook, stirring, until mixture thickens and boils., ingredients: [8 slices dayold bread, in pieces, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 1 can 8 ounces stewed tomatoes, 1 tablespoon each marjoram, paprika and dried parsley, 14 teaspoon pepper, 12 ounces each ground beef and turkey, 13 cup nocholesterol fatfree liquid egg substitute], title: NewWave Meat Loaf, picturelink: null}, 17486: {instructions: Prepare the sauce while the pasta is cooking to ensure that the linguine will be hot and ready when the sauce is finished.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add the pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until tender yet firm as they say in Italian al dente. Drain the pasta well.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil over medium flame in a deep saute pan with a lid. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes saute for 2 minutes. Add the clams, wine, and lemon juice. Cover and cook, shaking the pan periodically, until all the clams are opened, about 7 minutes. Discard any that have not opened.nCrank the flame up to mediumhigh heat. Add the hot, drained linguine to the pan add the butter and season with salt and pepper. Toss the pasta with the clams to its nicely coated. Shower with chopped parsley and toasted bread crumbs. Drizzle with a nice dose of olive oil before serving., ingredients: [1 pound dry linguine, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for serving, 4 garlic cloves, slivered, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 pounds littleneck or Manila clams, scrubbed and rinsed well, 34 cup dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 handfuls fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons lightly toasted and fried bread crumbs optional], title: Linguine con le Vongole, picturelink: null}, 17487: {instructions: Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sesame oil and bacon cook, stirring occasionally, until the bacon is almost crisp, 4 minutes. Add the sugar and 1 teaspoon soy sauce stirfry until the bacon is glazed, about 1 minute. Transfer to a bowl using a slotted spoon reserve the drippings in a separate bowl. Wipe out the skillet.nHeat 2 teaspoons of the drippings in the skillet over medium heat. Whisk the eggs and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl add to the skillet and cook, undisturbed, until just set, 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate and break up the eggs into large pieces.nHeat the remaining drippings in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomatoes and ginger stirfry until the tomatoes are softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the snow peas, bell pepper and scallions stirfry until crisptender, about 3 minutes. Add the rice and the remaining 2 teaspoons soy sauce stirfry until warmed through, about 2 minutes. Stir in the eggs and cook 1 minute. Top with the bacon.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 3 slices thickcut bacon, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 6 large eggs, Kosher salt, 12 pint grape tomatoes, halved, 1 tablespoon minced peeled ginger, 6 ounces snow peas, trimmed and halved, 1 orange, yellow or red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, 4 cups cooked brown or white rice thawed if frozen], title: Fried Rice with Bacon, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 17488: {instructions: Separate the rounds into rings and hold them in ice water until serving time.nIn a mixing bowl combine the orange juice, vinegar and olive oil season to taste with salt and pepper.nCut the peel and pith away from the oranges and slice them into thin rounds.nRight before serving, make a bed of the arugula leaves, set concentric rounds of oranges on top. Drain onion rings and pat dry and scatter them over the oranges spoon some of the dressing over the top and serve., ingredients: [A small red onion, peeled and cut into 18th inch rounds, 14 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 seedless oranges, 2 large bunches washed and stemmed arugula], title: Orange, Red Onion and Arugula Salad, picturelink: null}, 17489: {instructions: Mash the olives into the cream cheese with a fork. Spread 5 slices of the bread with half the olive spread and top with salami. Spread the remaining 5 slices of bread with the remaining olive spread and top the sandwiches. Cut off the crusts, then cut the sandwiches into 4 pieces., ingredients: [14 cup finely chopped manzanilla olives about 12 to 15 olives, 12 cup cream cheese, at room temperature, 10 slices very thin white bread recommended: Pepperidge Farm, 14 pound thinly sliced Genoa salami], title: Genoa Salami with Manzanilla Olive Cream Cheese Finger Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 17490: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Stir 2 tablespoons of the melted butter into the cracker crumbs. Press the crumb mixture into the bottom and 1inch up the side of a 9inch glass pie plate. Bake the crust in the center of the preheated oven until it begins to brown, about 7 minutes. Remove the crust from the oven and reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nMeanwhile, grate the zucchini, preferably using the grating attachment of a food processor. Toss the zucchini with 12 teaspoon salt and let drain in a colander for 10 minutes. Heat the oil in a medium skillet over high heat until hot. Reduce the heat to medium add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Squeeze the zucchini well with your hands to remove excess moisture. Add the zucchini to the onion and cook over high heat for 3 minutes.nStir together the flour, the baking powder, and 14 teaspoon salt in a small bowl until combined. In a large bowl with an electric mixer, beat the eggs until thick and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the Monterey jack and cottage cheeses, the flour mixture, and remaining melted butter to the eggs and beat well. Stir in the zucchini mixture and chiles and pour the mixture into the crust. Bake the quiche in the center of the oven until the top is puffed and golden brown and a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Set aside at room temperature 5 minutes, cut into wedges, and serve with salsa, if desired., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 24 whole grain wheat crackers Triscuits ground in a food processor about 1 cup or 1 cup dried bread crumbs, 1 medium zucchini about 6 ounces, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 small onion, chopped about 12 cup, 14 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 3 large eggs, 12 pound freshly grated Monterey jack cheese about 2 cups, 1 cup wholemilk cottage cheese, 1 4.5ounce can chopped green chiles, drained, Bottled salsa, optional], title: Green Chile and Zucchini Quiche, picturelink: null}, 17491: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the broccoli rabe and cook until crisptender, 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the broccoli rabe to a large bowl of ice water. Once cooled, drain broccoli rabe and set aside. Add the fettuccine to the same pot of boiling water and cook until just tender, about 2 minutes. Drain, reserving 12 cup of cooking liquid.nMeanwhile, bring the broth and lemon juice to a boil in a heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Boil until the broth reduces by half, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken and simmer just until heated through, about 2 minutes. Add broccoli rabe to the chicken broth and stir to combine. Add the pasta, 12 cup of Parmesan, pine nuts, parsley, oil, and lemon zest. Toss to coat, adding some of the reserved cooking liquid, 14 cup at a time, to moisten. Season the pasta with salt and pepper, to taste. Mound the pasta into bowls and serve. Sprinkle with the remaining Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [1 pound broccoli rabe, trimmed, stalks cut crosswise into 3inch pieces, 1 9ounce container fresh fettuccine pasta, 1 14ounce can reducedsodium chicken broth, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 3 cups shredded roasted chicken from 1 roasted chicken, 34 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fresh Fettuccine with Roasted Chicken and Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: null}, 17492: {instructions: For the chicken: Blend the turmeric and some salt with the yogurt in a large bowl and add the chicken. Toss to coat and marinate chicken for at least 10 minutes or up to 2 hours in the fridge.nPreheat a grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Remove the chicken from the marinade and grill for a few minutes on each side, until cooked through.nFor the vegetables: Drizzle olive oil on the onion, tomato and lemon and season with salt. Grill all until a bit charred on each side.nFor the tzatziki: Incorporate the yogurt, dill, mint, lemon juice and cucumbers. Season with salt and set aside.nTo serve, drizzle the chicken with garlic herb oil and spoon a scoop or two of tzatziki directly on top. Plate each dish with a few pieces of grilled veggies and, before serving, squeeze 1 grilled lemon half over the chicken and sprinkle with oregano., ingredients: [1 teaspoon turmeric, Fine sea salt, 12 cup Greek yogurt, 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, Olive oil, 1 red onion, sliced thickly, 1 tomato, halved, 1 lemon, halved, 2 cups Greek yogurt, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, 14 cup chopped fresh mint, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 12 cucumbers, peeled and chopped, Garlic herb oil, for serving, 12 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, roughly chopped], title: Grilled Extraordinary Chicken with Greek Tzatziki, picturelink: Xs7fqp8yRbqxUxJbRpambngA0eZUP1e}, 17493: {instructions: Heat the oil from sundried tomatoes in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add chicken and cook 3 to 5 minutes, until golden brown on all sides. Add tomatoes, broccoli rabe, olives, and 14 cup water, season with salt and pepper, cover and cook 3 minutes, until broccoli rabe wilts and chicken is cooked through. Remove from heat, transfer to a serving plate and top with feta cheese. Usually served with capellini pasta or rice., ingredients: [1 cup diced oilpacked sundried tomatoes, plus 1 tablespoon oil from jar, 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast halves, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 bunch broccoli rabe, chopped, 12 cup sliced pitted black olives, 14 cup water, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup crumbled feta cheese], title: 5 Ingredient Sauteed Chicken and Broccoli Rabe with Black Olives, Sundried Tomatoes and Feta, picturelink: INQKe14NZAJSWM9l78w0bAPFuBY.z.}, 17494: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onions and cook gently to sweat for about 2 minutes. Do not let the onions caramelize. Add the garlic and rosemary and cook about 1 minute, or until garlic is lightly browned.nAdd the veal and pork and cook, smashing the meat apart with a wooden spoon, to keep it from clumping together. Cook for about 2 minutes and season with salt and pepper to taste. Add the mushrooms and continue to cook about 4 minutes, evaporating any liquid and caramelizing the meat.nAdd the porcini juice to the meat and cook for 1 minute to evaporate. Add the veal stock and cook for 2 minutes. Add the marinara and the wine. Reduce the heat and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the parsley.nToss 2 tablespoons of the Parmesan into the sauce to help it bind. Add some reserved pasta water, as necessary, if the sauce appears too dry. Top with the remaining Parmesan.nHeat the olive oil in a large nonreactive pot over moderate heat. Add the onion and saute until translucent, about 8 minutes. Add the parsley and garlic and cook briefly to release their fragrance. Add the tomatoes, basil and salt. Simmer briskly until reduced to a sauce like consistency, stirring occasionally so nothing sticks to the bottom of the pot. The timing will depend on the ripeness and meatiness of your tomatoes and the size of your pot. If the sauce thickens too much before the flavors have developed, add a little water and continue cooking.nTaste and adjust the seasoning. If the sauce tastes too acidic, add the baking soda and cook for 5 more minutes. If it needs a touch of sweetness, add the sugar and cook for 5 more minutes. Remove the basil stem before serving., ingredients: [6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup chopped onions, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 cup ground veal, 12 cup ground pork, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons dry porcini mushrooms, soaked in warm water for 15 minutes and chopped, liquid reserved, 2 tablespoons porcini juice, reserved from above, 34 cup veal stock, 14 cup canned or jarred marinara sauce, 13 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley leaves, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup minced onion, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 4 cups fresh tomato puree, 1 large fresh basil stem with leaves removed, 1 teaspoon sea salt, preferably gray salt, Pinch baking soda or sugar, if needed], title: Veal, Pork and Porcini Bolognese Sauce, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 17495: {instructions: Melt most of the butter in skillet then add tasso and seasoning. Cook at medium heat for about 10 minutes, scraping the pan every so often to remove the fond. Add cream and increase heat to reduce it by 12 being careful to not let the cream boil over on the stove. When cream starts to thicken add shrimp and cook 1 to 2 minutes until shrimp are just cooked. Add the green onions and cook for a count of five then add remaining butter and toss over your favorite pasta shape., ingredients: [34 pound butter, 2 12 cups julienne tasso, 1 pound Cajun meat seasoning, 3 cups heavy cream, 4 dozen cleaned shrimp, 1 12 cups sliced green onion], title: Tasso Shrimp and Cream on Pasta, picturelink: null}, 17496: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a medium, heavybottomed saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the rice, onion and green pepper, and saute until the rice is slightly browned and the vegetables are softened, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes, pimiento, salt, cayenne and hot sauce. Bring to a boil, cover and reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 20 minutes, then fluff with a fork. If the rice is tender but too soupy, cook uncovered for another 5 minutes. If the rice is dry but not yet tender, add 12 cup water, cover and continue cooking for another 5 minutes, or until the rice is done., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups longgrain white rice, 1 onion, chopped, 1 green pepper, chopped, One 28ounce can diced tomatoes, One 4ounce jar diced pimiento, Pinch salt, Pinch cayenne, Several dashes hot sauce], title: Spanish Rice, picturelink: Xp5aYU5Bk6qUWRKF4rpcPcZsf3kJB2y}, 17497: {instructions: Put a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Drizzle the pork chops on both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Sprinkle both sides with the herbs de Provence and grill for 10 minutes. Turn the chops over and cook until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat registers 160 degrees F. Transfer the chops to a cutting board and let them rest for 10 minutes. Slice each chop into 6 14inch thick slices.nIn a small bowl, combine the mayonnaise, basil, lemon zest, and lemon juice until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo assemble the sandwiches: Lay the bottom half of the bread on a work surface and spread with 12 of the mayonnaise mixture. Add the lettuce leaves, arrange the cheese slices on the lettuce and top with the pork slices. Spread the top half of the bread with the remaining mayonnaise mixture and cover the sandwiches. Slice the loaf into 4 pieces and serve., ingredients: [2 8ounce 1inch thick, boneless pork loin chops, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons herbes de Provence, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup packed chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 1 pound loaf ciabatta or rustic bread, ends trimmed, cut in 12 horizontally, 4 romaine lettuce leaves, halved lengthwise, 4 ounces fontina cheese, cut into 14inch thick slices], title: Grilled Pork and Fontina Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 17498: {instructions: Trim away outer layer of fennel, reserving tender stalks and any feathery tops. Quarter bulb lengthwise and cut each quarter lengthwise into very thin slices. Cut reserved stalks crosswise into very thin slices. To make fennel very crisp and slightly curled, soak in ice and cold water to cover water 1 hour, chilled.nChop reserved fennel tops. In a bowl toss together fennel slices, fennel tops, lemon juice, oil and freshly ground black pepper to taste. Arrange salad on a platter and chill, covered up to 3 hours.nIf feta is very salty, rinse under cold water and pat dry. Cut feta into 1 x 14inch slices and arrange on top of salad., ingredients: [34  1 pound fennel bulb, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 6  8 ounces mild feta, drained if necessary, at cool room temperature], title: LemonMarinated Fennel with Feta, picturelink: null}, 17499: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace asparagus and scallions on a baking sheet. Drizzle with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast 25 to 30 minutes, until tender. Wrap individual portions of asparagus with scallion to tie into bundles., ingredients: [1 pound fresh asparagus spears, tough ends trimmed and discarded, 4 scallions, root end trimmed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Roasted Asparagus Bundles, picturelink: EU46Mup3GZTa3ZZm3p0TcK77ThTjJ6}, 17500: {instructions: Bring first 9 ingredients up to the peppercorns to a boil and boil hard for 5 minutes. Leave the brine to cool. Clean a stoneware crock or plastic bucket and its lid with a solution of 1 tablespoon baking soda to 1 gallon boiling water. Rinse well and leave to drain dry. To test the saltiness of the brine put egg, in shell in the cooled brine. If it doesnt float, add enough salt until it does. To draw off any excess blood and to help the brine penetrate, pierce the beef all over with a trussing needle or skewer and place meat in cold water for about 45 minutes. Remove the meat from water and place in crock or bucket. Pour the cooled brine over the brisket. Add garlic to the brine. Place a plate on top of the brisket to submerge. Place a lid or plastic wrap over container. Store in a refrigerator or dry place, at a temperature below 60 degrees. Salting time depends on the thickness of the meat. Allow 3 to 10 days for salting time for brisket. When removing meat from brine, always use clean tongs: this way the brine will stay good longer and be reused with the same kind of meat. It is possible to strain off the brine and reboil it, adding a refresher of about half the above quantities. Naturally the crock or bucket will need a complete cleaning. This should be done before mold appears., ingredients: [4 quarts water, 1 12 pounds kosher salt, 1 pound dark brown sugar, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 sprig thyme, 10 juniper berries, 10 crushed peppercorns, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 4 gallons boiling water, 1 egg, in shell, Salt, if needed, Cold water to cover meat, 1 5 pound beef brisket, 5 cloves garlic], title: Brine for Corning Beef, picturelink: null}, 17501: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the broiler. Whisk the eggs, 2 tablespoons water and the cayenne in a large bowl. Fold in the ham and half of the cheese.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in an ovenproof 6to8inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, swirling to coat the pan. Add the scallions, 14 teaspoon salt, and black pepper to taste cook until soft, 4 to 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium low, pour in the egg mixture and stir gently with a rubber spatula to distribute the fillings. Cook until the bottom is just set, about 4 minutes. Sprinkle the remaining cheese on top, transfer to the oven and bake until puffed and golden, about 10 minutes. Let stand while you prepare the salad.nSeason the tomato with salt and black pepper and toss with the vinegar, sugar and the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil in a bowl. Add the greens and toss. Slice the pie and serve with the salad.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [10 large eggs, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 3 ounces ham, chopped, 6 ounces muenster cheese, grated, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 bunches scallions, cut into 2inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large tomato, cut into wedges, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 ounces mesclun greens about 4 cups, 12 head escarole, torn, or 1 bunch dandelion greens, trimmed], title: Southern HamAndCheese Pie, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 17502: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour the sugar and 12 cup of water into a small saucepot, trying to keep the sugar in the middle of the pot to avoid crystallization on the sides. Bring to a boil and cook until the syrup is thick and pecan brown, 15 to 20 minutes.nAdd the heavy cream, be careful because it will bubble up. Stir in the butter and let cool completely, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPunch out eight 4 12inch circles from the pie dough. Toss the apples with 14 cup of the cooled caramel and the cinnamon. Brush the edges of the dough circles with beaten egg. Mound about 1 heaping tablespoon of the apple filling in the center of each circle. Fold the dough in half and crimp the edges with a fork.nBrush the tops with beaten egg and sprinkle with demerara sugar. Cut 2 small slits on top of each pie and bake on siliconelined sheet pan until golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Drizzle the hand pies with leftover caramel sauce and serve., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon salted butter, Two 9inch unbaked, unrolled pie crusts, 1 to 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and diced into 14inch cubes about 1 cup, Couple pinches ground cinnamon, 1 egg, beaten, 14 cup demerara sugar], title: Gooey Caramel Apple Hand Pies, picturelink: s2dNw0droPl7ArI8.u58i4CeFYP8cy}, 17503: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Pulse the nuts, confectioners sugar and granulated sugar in a food processor until finely ground. Add the flour, cinnamon and salt and pulse until combined. Add the butter and pulse to form a soft dough.nRoll heaping teaspoonfuls of dough into balls and arrange 1 12 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Lightly flatten the balls with your fingers. Sprinkle with coarse, raw, sanding or brown sugar. Press a whole nut into the top of some of the cookies or sprinkle with chopped nuts.nBake the cookies until lightly golden, about 15 minutes. Let cool 3 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely. Spread your choice of filling on the flat side of a cookie sandwich with another cookie. Repeat with the remaining cookies.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [12 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, Coarse, raw, sanding or brown sugar, for topping optional, 34 cup pistachios, almonds, pecans, peanuts or hazelnuts, plus more for topping optional, Jam, lemon curd, chocolatehazelnut spread, melted chocolate or frosting, for filling], title: Nutty Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: GtpAN2gNiHcWKrFbjVjJjh7r6eTjOG}, 17504: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine the hard boiled eggs, parsley, onions, bread crumbs, melted butter, and enough broth, as needed, to make a wet stuffing. Pat the sweetbreads dry with a paper towel and make a pocket in the middle of the sweetbreads big enough to fill. Season the sweetbreads with salt and pepper and fill cavity with stuffing mixture. Heat the grapeseed oil in a medium skillet with an oven safe handle. In a shallow bowl, season flour with salt and pepper and dredge sweetbreads in flour, shaking off excess. Gently transfer sweetbreads to hot skillet and sear for 3 to 4 minutes per side. Place the whole pan in the preheated oven to finish. Test for doneness after about 5 more minutes by touching the sweetbreads to see if the interior has tightened up enough so it will remain intact when it is sliced. When this point has been reached remove from oven and let rest for about 20 minutes to allow all the flavors to flow back into the sweetbreads and allow it to set up before slicing., ingredients: [4 peeled hard boiled eggs, sliced and cut into cubes, 1 bunch parsley leaves, chopped, 1 small onion, diced, 2 cups bread crumbs, 12 cup melted butter, 12 cup chicken broth or vegetable broth or more as needed, 1 12 pounds calfs sweetbreads, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 12 cup allpurpose flour], title: Stuffed Sweetbreads, picturelink: 6nAnZSsZeSF1mDnARVcRRUxpTHQkC}, 17505: {instructions: Preheat the grill.nToss the zucchini with olive oil and sprinkle with salt. Place the zucchini on the grill. Grill on both sides until the zucchini is soft, 4 to 5 minutes on each side.nRepeat this process with the onions, the onions will fall apart but dont worry about it. Go ahead and fill up the grill with veggiesnRepeat this process with the tomatoes, but only grill them for about 2 minutes on each side.nWhen all the veggies are grilled, cut the zucchini into 12inch strips and toss into a bowl. Cut the tomatoes in half again lengthwise and toss them in with the other veggies. Coarsely chop the onions and toss them in with the others. Toss in the arugula and basil. Season the mix with salt and add the vinegar. Taste to make sure it is delicious, and adjust the seasoning, if needed.nPlace on a serving platter and sprinkle with the feta., ingredients: [1 large zucchini, sliced lengthwise into 12inch slices, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 large onion, sliced into thick rounds, 4 plum tomatoes, cut in half lengthwise, 2 cups baby arugula, washed, 6 fresh basil leaves, torn, 3 to 4 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup crumbled feta], title: Grilled Veggie Salad, picturelink: null}, 17506: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Beat the egg whites and 2 tablespoons water in a large bowl with a mixer until slightly stiff peaks form. Add the snack mix and toss until evenly coated.nGenerously coat a 3quart ovenproof bowl with cooking spray and place the snack mix in it. Crumple a large sheet of foil and mold into a bowl shape about onethird the size of the 3quart bowl. Coat the outside of the foil bowl with cooking spray and press into the snack mix to make a well in the middle, forming the snack mix into a bowl shape.nPlace the bowl with the foil in the oven and bake until the snack mix sets, 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool slightly, 5 minutes. Carefully remove the foil. Cool 30 more minutes, invert the edible bowl onto a plate and cool completely.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [2 large egg whites, 8 cups snack mix such as Chex Mix or Asian rice cracker mix, Cooking spray], title: Super Bowl, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 17507: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, gently saute onion, celery, carrot, and garlic until soft. Add crab shells, stir and deglaze with wine and reduce. Add saffron and tomatoes, reduce. Add 2 liters cold water and bring mixture to a boil. Skim off the fat and simmer for 45 minutes, continuing to skim occasionally. Add basil and let cool. Strain and season with sea salt.nIn a small sauce pan gently cook capsicum and capers. Add onion half, bay leaf, and garlic and chili. Cook gently for 15 minutes. Add freshly chopped parsley and tomatoes, bring mixture to a simmer for 15 minutes. Add olives and continue to cook for another 15 minutes. Add sugar and salt to desired taste. Add basil leaves and allow set aside to cool.nZuppa Di Pesce Aua Cagliaritana:nCook the fregola in crab stock until tender and liquid has been absorbed. Place the sauce back onto mediumhigh heat and add the seafood. Gently poach until seafood is cooked. Place the fregola to 1 side and divide seafood among with sauce onto the fregola and sprinkle with a little chopped parsley. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 onion, diced, 2 celery branches, diced, 1 carrot, diced, 6 garlic cloves, crushed, 6 crab shells, roasted, 1 ml white wine, 1 gram saffron threads, 4 ripe Roma tomatoes, 20 fresh basil leaves, Sea salt, 2 red capsicums, diced, 60 grams capers, 12 onion, 1 bay leaf, 5 garlic cloves, crushed, 1 teaspoon fresh chili, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, plus more for garnish, 300 grams tinned tomatoes, 60 grams olives, Sugar, to taste, Salt, 20 basil leaves, 100 grams Fregola, toasted, Crab meat from 3 crabs, 18 mussels, 18 vongole, 12 prawns, 200 grams cuttle fish, 200 grams fish pieces], title: Zuppa Di Pesce Aua Cagliaritana, picturelink: null}, 17508: {instructions: To make the dough: Make a well in the flour. Sprinkle the yeast over the warm water and set aside until dissolved and slightly foamy, about 5 minutes. Beat the egg and salt into it, and pour into the well of the flour. Gradually mix with your fingers, drawing the flour in to make the dough. Knead until smooth and elastic, adding more flour, if needed. Cover and set in a warm place to double in bulk, about 1 hour.nTo prepare the topping: Heat the oil in a saute pan and add the onions, herbs, salt, and pepper. Cover, and cook, stirring occasionally, until very soft, about 30 minutes.nHeat the oven to 400 degrees F. When the dough is ready, punch it down and roll it out like pizza dough. Lay on a baking sheet. Top with the onions. Lay on the tomato slices in rows. Arrange a lattice of anchovies, and fill spaces with olives. Grind over pepper. Let sit 15 minutes for the dough to rise up again a bit. Bake until the crust is done, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 13 cups185 g flour, plus more if needed, 1 12 teaspoons dry yeast, 13 cup75 ml warm water, 1 egg, 34 teaspoon salt, A grinding of pepper, 14 cup60 ml olive oil, 1 12 pounds675 g onions, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons herbes de Provence, 1 bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces90 g anchovy fillets, rinsed and drained, then halved lengthwise, 1 medium tomato, thinly sliced optional, About 14 cup25 g nicois olives, pitted], title: Pissaladiere, picturelink: null}, 17509: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the potatoes in a large pot and fill with cold water to 1inch above the potatoes. Season the water with 1 tablespoon salt. Bring to a simmer and cook until a knife gently plunges through the potatoes, about 15 minutes. Reserve 13 cup of the cooking water, drain the potatoes and put back into the pot off the heat to keep warm.nMeanwhile, fry the bacon in a skillet over medium heat until crispy, stirring occasionally. Reserve the bacon and drain all but 14 cup bacon fat. Add the onions and saute until slightly golden. Add the vinegar and, with a wooden spoon, scrape up any bits from the bottom of the skillet. Add in the reserved cooking water and reduce until it thickens, about 3 minutes. Off the heat, whisk in the mustard and season with salt and pepper. Add in the potatoes, bacon and tarragon and toss to combine. Adjust the seasoning if necessary., ingredients: [2 pounds medium red potatoes, scrubbed and quartered, Kosher salt, 8 ounces thickcut bacon, cut crosswise into 12inch strips, 1 small yellow onion, diced, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, Germanstyle preferred, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons fresh tarragon, finely chopped], title: Warm Bacon Tarragon Potato Salad, picturelink: RRzs7w6nC4mGhQGdx78SEy5uu0AbVou}, 17510: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSteam the potatoes in a large covered pan fitted with a steamer basket until they are tender, about 8 minutes.nIn a large bowl mash the potatoes with the buttermilk and orange juice. Stir in the zest, salt, and nutmeg. Serve the potatoes topped with the butter, if desired., ingredients: [4 medium sweet potatoes about 8 ounces each, peeled and cut into a large dice, 14 cup buttermilk, warmed slightly, 14 cup orange juice, 2 teaspoons orange zest, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, optional], title: Mashed Sweet Potatoes with Orange Essence, picturelink: A6vGRNGzfQTLvqTmlWJHA5i6IBam8a}, 17511: {instructions: In a sauce pan coated lightly with canola oil, caramelize the onions, ginger, garlic and jalepenos. Add tomatoes and coffee and bring to a simmer. Using a hand blender, buzz until smooth and check for seasoning, adjust with pink salt and black pepper, to taste.nFor the potato puree, boil the potatoes until fork tender. In a sauce pan, reduce the cream with the garlic cloves by 13. Hand mash with the potatoes and check and adjust seasoning. Fold in the chives.nSeason the tuna well. Dredge the tuna in flour, then eggs, then nuts. Shallow fry in canola oil on all sides. Keep the tuna rare.nSlice the tuna on the bias. On a large plate, sauce the plate with the BBQ sauce. Place a small mound greens down and drizzle with lime juice. Top with mashed potatoes, then top with tuna.nBeverage: Mai Tai, ingredients: [2 onions, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 jalepenos, destemmed, roughly chopped, 2 cups roma tomatoes, strained, 2 cups strongly brewed Kona coffee, Pink salt and black pepper, to taste, 1 pound baking potatoes, like russets, peeled and quartered, 2 cups heavy cream, 6 cloves garlic, 14 cup chopped chives, 4 12 pound pieces ahi tuna, cut into square cubes, 1 cup all purpose flour, 3 eggs, beaten with 1 tablespoon water, 1 cup macadamia nuts, coarsely ground, 12 pound salad greens, preferably Hawaiian, 1 lime, juiced], title: Crispy Macadamia Crusted Ahi Tuna with Kona Coffee Bbq Sauce Purple Potato Puree, picturelink: null}, 17512: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill to mediumhigh.nGrind the toasted spices in a spice grinder and add to a small bowl with cayenne. Fold the tail end of the beef under to create a roll of meat that is even in thickness. Tie with butchers twine to secure. This will help the meat to cook evenly and to be handled easily. Once the tenderloin is tied, season the beef generously with salt and rub with the spice mix. Give it a little massage with extravirgin olive oil.nPlace the tenderloin on the preheated grill and grill on all sides until it is very brown and charred on the outside. When the tenderloin is nice and brown on all the sides, move it to a cooler part of the grill and shut the grill and cook until it is cooked to the desired doneness medium rare for me, about 20 to 25 minutes or so for mediumrare. If cooking indoors, put the meat in a preheated 375 degrees F oven to roast to the desired doneness, about 125 to 130 degrees F for mediumrare. Remove the meat from the grill or oven to a cutting board and let rest for about 10 minutes before slicing this will keep the tenderloin very juicy.nMeanwhile, toss the onions with extravirgin olive oil and salt and place on the preheated grill. Grill until they are soft and charred. Remove from the grill and reserve.nTo serve, remove the string from the beef. Cut into relatively thin slices, but thicker if you prefer. Serve 3 slices of beef, for each serving, with the grilled onions and a spoonful of Horseradish Cream.nMMMMM...BIG MEATnCombine all the ingredients in a serving bowl. Taste for seasoning, adjust salt if needed. Easy peasy, ingredients: [1 tablespoon toasted coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon toasted cumin seeds, 12 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 beef tenderloin, trimmed about 3 pounds, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 bunches spring onions, stems removed, cut in 12, Horseradish Cream, recipe follows, 12 cup prepared horseradish, 12 cup creme fraiche, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 garlic clove, smashed and finely chopped, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 bunch chives, finely chopped, Kosher salt. if needed], title: Grilled Beef Tenderloin with Grilled Spring Onions, picturelink: V4wUYQwmFdGFHYp1FUTpD8KN5RqCOiS}, 17513: {instructions: Saute 3 sliced scallions and 1 minced jalapeno in olive oil until softened. Stir in 2 teaspoons tomato paste and 12 teaspoon each ground cumin, ancho chile powder and kosher salt. Add 1 14 cups water and 34 cup each rinsed quinoa and frozen fireroasted corn. Simmer until the liquid is absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Stir in 1 can pinto beans drained and rinsed season with salt.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [], title: Southwestern Quinoa, picturelink: eBtbXXrvJMfgEyZ68mYcOfHhmdPzd2}, 17514: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Pulse the sugar and 2 tablespoons sesame seeds in a food processor until finely ground.nTransfer the ground sesame mixture to a medium saucepan and add the butter, orange zest and juice, cornstarch and salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture comes to a simmer and thickens slightly, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl stir in the flour, vanilla and the remaining 2 tablespoons sesame seeds. Refrigerate until cooled and thickened, about 45 minutes.nDrop heaping teaspoonfuls of batter, 4 inches apart, onto the prepared baking sheets. Lightly sprinkle the tops with more sesame seeds. Bake, 1 baking sheet at a time, until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheet until just set enough to lift with a spatula, 1 to 2 minutes, then carefully transfer to a rack. While the cookies are still warm, curl up 2 sides of each cookie with your fingers, then let cool completely. Repeat with the remaining batter reline the baking sheets between batches.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 14 cup sesame seeds, plus more for sprinkling, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Sesame Tuiles, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 17515: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large pot of salted boiling water cook the pasta until almost al dente, then drain and set aside. Butter 4 ramekins. In a saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and then add flour stirring to combine. Cook until mixture begins to bubble, 2 to 3 minutes. Slowly whisk in milk and bring to a boil. Lower heat and stir until sauce thickens, about 2 to 3 minutes more. Remove from heat and add cheese. Stir until cheese melts completely. Season with salt, to taste, depending on saltiness of the cheese. Stir in cooked pasta, then pour into the ramekins. In a small bowl combine bread crumbs, pepper and Parmesan. Sprinkle each ramekin lightly with the bread crumb mixture and bake for 20 minutes or until bubbly and golden on top., ingredients: [12 pound rotelle pasta, 2 tablespoons butter, plus extra for ramekins, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 6 ounces Gruyere, shredded, 14 cup bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, Special Equipment: 4 8ounce ramekins], title: Wheely Good Pasta and Cheese, picturelink: d6YOFU5LwyJdupI0BPieNlCDcP3S}, 17516: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a large nonstick ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the chicken with 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper, and 2 tablespoons flour. Add to the skillet and cook, turning, until slightly golden on all sides, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, lemon zest and lemon juice and turn the chicken to coat. Transfer the skillet to the oven roast until the chicken is golden brown and cooked through, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the corn and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper cook, stirring occasionally, until the corn softens, about 5 minutes. Stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon flour, then add the milk and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, stirring, until thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the chives and season with salt and pepper.nDivide the chicken among plates and drizzle with the pan juices. Serve with the creamed corn.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 skinon chicken drumsticks about 1 pound, 4 skinon, bonein chicken thighs about 1 12 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cloves garlic about 1 head, 2 lemons finely grated zest of one, juice of both, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound frozen corn, thawed, 34 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: LemonGarlic Chicken With Creamed Corn, picturelink: RJz1k4.fiYf9QKJVC0BCscQZOvgTfC}, 17517: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Generously grease a 2quart casserole set aside.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and celery and saute for 5 minutes, or until the vegetables are very soft. Lower the heat and stir in the flour until well incorporated. Whisk in the hot halfandhalf and then the wine. Cook, stirring constantly, for about 4 minutes, or until the mixture has begun to thicken. Remove from the heat and beat in the cheeses, stirring until they have melted into the sauce.nStir in the macaroni and season, to taste, with hot sauce and salt. Pour the mixture into the prepared casserole.nIf using the Parmesan, combine it with the bread crumbs in a small bowl. Sprinkle the bread crumbs over the macaroni. Bake for 15 minutes, or until the edges are bubbling and the top is golden. Serve hot.nNote: To lower the fat in this recipe, replace the halfandhalf with 1 12 cups nonfat milk plus 14 cup nonfat yogurt and the cheeses with reducedfat cheese. When lowering fat in a cheesebased recipe, you will often lose flavor, but flavor can be enhanced with the addition of finely minced fresh herbs or chili peppers., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 14 cup minced shallots, 14 cup minced celery, 2 tablespoons instant flour, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, heated, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, 34 cup grated sharp white cheddar, 12 cup grated Fontina, 34 pound elbow or tube macaroni, cooked and well drained, Hot sauce, Coarse salt, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, optional, 34 cup bread crumbs], title: Super Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 17518: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nPlace the beef on a baking sheet and pat the outside dry with a paper towel. Mix the unsalted butter and mustard together in a small bowl and spread the mixture over the beef with your hands. Sprinkle evenly with the salt and pepper. Roast in the oven for exactly 22 minutes for rare and 25 minutes for mediumrare.nRemove the beef from the oven, cover it tightly with aluminum foil, and allow it to rest at room temperature for 20 minutes. Remove the strings and slice the fillet thickly.nTo make the sandwiches, cut the bread into 14inch thick slices. Spread 4 of the slices thickly with the Mustard Horseradish Sauce. Top with slices of beef and arugula and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spread 4 more slices of bread very lightly with butter and place, butter side down, on top of the beef.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, mustards, horseradish, sour cream, and a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Serve at room temperature.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [2 to 3 pounds fillet of beef, trimmed and tied, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, 1 loaf health or 7grain bread, Mustard Horseradish Sauce, recipe follows, 1 bunch arugula, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Unsalted butter at room temperature, 34 cup good mayonnaise, 1 12 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 12 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons sour cream, Kosher salt], title: Beef and Horseradish Sauce Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 17519: {instructions: Rinse salmon fillet under cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Cut into 6 serving portions and place salmon fillets in a large ziptop bag set aside.nIn a small bowl stir together remaining ingredients. Pour into ziptop bag. Squeeze air from bag and seal. Marinate in refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours.nRemove salmon from refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking, and bring to room temperature.nLight broiler and line baking sheet or broiler pan with aluminum foil.nRemove salmon from marinade and place on baking sheet. Discard marinade. Broil salmon 6 to 8 inches from heat source for 6 to 8 minutes or until cooked through. Do not overcook.nServe immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds salmon fillet, 13 cup orange marmalade, 12 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon ginger, 2 teaspoons salt free citrusherb seasoning], title: Orange Glazed Salmon, picturelink: usF6mH0BDuCmLhUbJqPmQBI.yXUSfYu}, 17520: {instructions: In a small clean dry saucepan, place 2 cups sugar and then pour 12 cup water down the sides of the pan. Make an X in the sugar with 1 finger to encourage the water to seep into the middle of the pan of sugar. Bring to a boil and cook until softball stage or 235 degrees F on a candy thermometer.nMeanwhile, in a mixer with a whip attachment, whip the whites until they form soft peaks. When the syrup is up to temperature, drizzle it down the wall of the mixing bowl with the mixer running. Continue whipping until light, fluffy and almost cooled down. Start adding the butter a few cubes at a time to cool the frosting and thicken it. When it gets thick you can stop adding butter you may not use the whole pound it depends on how much water you cooked out of your syrup. Add vanilla extract to taste., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 4 egg whites, 1 pound butter, cut up, 1 to 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Classic Vanilla Buttercream, picturelink: Y7PoXZnTUskdsSCRXaF5mQCZM2k6J.}, 17521: {instructions: For the turkey patties: In a large bowl, combine the turkey, ricotta, sage, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, Dijon and sprinkle with some salt and pepper. Divide into 4 equal patties and press them into 14inchthin rounds.nHeat a castiron griddle pan to mediumhigh heat.nAdd the canola oil and sear the patties on the first side until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook for another 3 to 4 minutes until cooked through.nFor the sandwich build: Place a slice of Swiss cheese on each piece of bread, then a turkey burger, followed by about 14 cup Caramelized Onions. Place the top piece of bread on and then butter each side of the sandwich.nGriddle each side over medium heat until golden, 2 to 3 minutes on each side. If you have a metal bowl, cover the sandwiches so they steam a bit and the cheese will melt faster. Serve with good ol yellow mustard if you like and a big pile of oven fries.nHeat a large heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter and olive oil, let the butter mel,t and then add in the onions and toss to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, and then cover the pot and lower the heat to mediumlow.nLet the onions sweat, steam and soften for 10 to 15 minutes. Uncover the pan and let the onions cook for about an hour, checking on the onions frequently and stirring.nOnce the onions are fully caramelized, and a deep golden color, add the sherry and scrape up any bits from the bottom of the pan. Stir in the thyme, season with salt and pepper and set aside., ingredients: [1 14 pounds ground turkey, 12 cup whole milk ricotta, 2 tablespoons minced fresh sage, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons canola oil, 8 slices Swiss cheese, 8 slices light rye, Caramelized Onions, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons salted butter, softened, Yellow mustard, for serving, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 large, yellow onions, 14inch slices, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup dry sherry, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme], title: Turkey Patty Melt, picturelink: qkIDoDcqTupAltJsyZHaS1ojPAJPFVm}, 17522: {instructions: Heat a large Dutch oven and arrange carrots and leeks on the bottom. Season ribs all over with salt and pepper and place over vegetables. In a medium bowl, whisk together broth, sherry, soy sauce, honey, vinegar, ginger, and garlic. Pour mixture over ribs. Cover and braise for 3 to 4 hours. This can also be done in a slow cooker  just cook on low for 8 hours or high for 4 hours.nCook rice according to package directions.nWhile still hot, stir in cilantro, scallions, jalapenos, and lime zest. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve half of the rice with the ribs and carrots and leeks and reserve extra rice for another meal., ingredients: [4 carrots, chopped, 2 leeks, rinsed well and chopped, 3 pounds bonein beef short ribs, fat trimmed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup reducedsodium beef broth, 13 cup sherry, 14 cup reducedsodium soy sauce, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 4 cups instant brown rice, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons minced pickled jalapenos, 1 teaspoon lime zest], title: Slow Cooker GingerSoy Short Ribs Green Rice with Lime, picturelink: tQfEEgRzohFqPg5sqaAwNd2vwNCC}, 17523: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason chicken on both sides with salt and pepper. Dredge each breast in the flour and tap off excess, then dip in the egg and let excess drip off, then dredge on both sides in the bread crumbs.nDivide the oil between 2 large saute pans and heat over high heat until almost smoking. Add 2 chicken breasts to each pan and cook until golden brown on both sides, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a baking sheet and top each breast with some Tomato Sauce, a few slices of the mozzarella, salt and pepper, and a tablespoon of Parmesan. Bake in the oven until the chicken is cooked through and the cheese is melted, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the oven and garnish with basil or parsley leaves.nHeat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add pureed tomatoes with their juices, crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, 1 cup water, bay leaf, parsley, Cubano pepper, and bring to a boil. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Reduce heat and cook until slightly thickened, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, pounded thin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, 4 large eggs, beaten with 2 tablespoons water and seasoned with salt and pepper, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, 1 cup vegetable oil or pure olive oil, Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, 1 pound fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Fresh basil or parsley leaves, for garnish, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large Spanish onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, smashed with some kosher salt to make a paste, Two 28ounce cans plum tomatoes and their juices, pureed in a blender, One 16ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 small can tomato paste, 1 bay leaf, 1 small bunch Italian parsley, 1 Cubano chile pepper, chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Chicken Parmigiana, picturelink: 7V3chBa11p8ql1FbZJnevaiDvFf7iVO}, 17524: {instructions: Combine the buttermilk, sour cream, mayonnaise, Worcestershire, lemon juice, vinegar, chives, parsley, mustard, garlic and green onions in a large bowl and mix thoroughly. Refrigerate for 30 minutes before serving.nSpoon the ranch sauce into shot glasses. Artfully place a mixture of the carrots, cucumbers and peppers into the ranch sauce., ingredients: [34 cup buttermilk, 34 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 12 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons chopped chives, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon mustard, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 12 green onion, chopped, Carrots, cut into 2inch strips, for serving, Cucumbers, cut into 2inch strips, for serving, Bell peppers, cut into 2inch strips, for serving], title: Shot Glass Apps: Ranch Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17525: {instructions: In large skillet, heat Curlys Sauceless Pork and onion over medium heat until onion is tender. approximately 5 minutes Add in taco seasoning and water, bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low and allow liquid to reduce. Spoon Curlys Sauceless Pork mixture into taco shells and add desired toppings.nAlternate recipe option  toss Pork with 12 cup BBQ sauce instead of using taco seasoning., ingredients: [1 package Curlys Sauceless Pork or Curlys Sauceless Chicken if preferred, 1 medium onion chopped, 1 packet of taco seasoning, 1 cup water, 1 package Taco Shells hard or soft, Optional Toppings: Lettuce, Onion, Tomato, Salsa, Cheese, Avocado], title: Easy Pork Tacos, picturelink: null}, 17526: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, season potatoes with salt and pepper and toss with oil to coat. Place on a baking sheet and roast in the oven for 20 minutes. Remove briefly from oven and toss in onions, and return to oven to roast until potatoes are tender, approximately another 20 minutes. Transfer roasted potato mixture to a bowl. Drizzle honey over potatoes, add butter, mixing well, and then gently toss in spinach. The heat from the potatoes will wilt the spinach., ingredients: [4 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and quartered, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup canola oil, 2 large red onions, finely chopped, 14 cup honey, 12 cup butter, 1 bag baby spinach between 10 ounces and 16 ounces, soaked, wellrinsed and dried], title: Roasted Sweet Potatoes and Wilted Spinach, picturelink: null}, 17527: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F.nCore tomatoes, cut in half horizontally, and remove seeds. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place tomato halves cut side up on a rack in the oven and cook for 1 to 1 12 hours, or until shriveled and partially dried. Puree half the tomatoes in a blender until liquefied, then add remaining tomatoes, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Puree until smooth. Thin with a few tablespoons water if sauce seems thick. Strain to remove any seeds and skins, and set aside until serving time.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Blanch garlic in a small pot of rapidly boiling, salted water for 1 minute. Drain and set aside to cool.nCreate a pocket for stuffing by running your fingers between the skin and meat of each breast, leaving one side attached. Season all over with salt and pepper.nIn a small bowl, combine chopped parsley and garlic. Divide into 6 equal parts and stuff each breast between skin and meat, spreading evenly. If necessary, tie skin to breasts to keep in place.nHeat chicken fat or oil in a large, ovenproof skillet over medium high heat. Saute chicken, skin side down first, until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to oven and bake about 10 to 15 minutes. Set aside for 5 minutes, to redistribute juices before serving.nWhisk tomato puree and coat 6 serving plates with it. Cut each breast into 12inch slices, across width. Arrange slices over puree and serve., ingredients: [7 medium, ripe tomatoes, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 heads garlic, peeled and thinly sliced, 3 boneless, whole double chicken breasts, with skin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 bunches Italian parsley, stems trimmed and roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons chicken fat or vegetable oil], title: Chicken Breast with Garlic and Parsley, picturelink: null}, 17528: {instructions: Line small bowls, about 3 to 4 ounces, with plastic wrap. Using a two to one ratio, prepare the two packets of gelatin according to package instructions for one. This will make them extra firm. Put a small amount of gelatin in the prepared bowl and let it partially set in the refrigerator. Remove the gelatin from the refrigerator and push the pieces of licorice into the mixture to resemble eyes and a mouth. Cover with a little more gelatin and let set. Once set, fill the bowls with remaining gelatin and chill until solid. To unmold, invert the bowl onto a plate. Remove the bowl and carefully peel away the plastic wrap., ingredients: [2 packages of orange flavored gelatin, Black licorice, cut into triangles], title: Pumpkin Face JellO, picturelink: null}, 17529: {instructions: For the shells: Combine the flour, cinnamon, sugar, and salt in a bowl. Work in the lard and slowly add the marsala. Knead together with fingers until the dough comes together. Turn out the dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, 5 to 7 minutes. Form the dough into a disk and wrap tightly in plastic wrap. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour.nSet the smooth rollers of a pasta maker at the widest setting. Unwrap the dough and cut in half. Lightly flour 1 half keep the remaining half covered with plastic wrap. Flatten the floured dough into an oval and feed through the rollers. Turn the dial down 2 notches and feed the dough through the rollers again. Fold the dough back to its original oval shape and repeat the process of putting the dough through the pasta rollers. Continue to feed the dough through the rollers, making the space between the rollers narrower by 2 notches each time, until the dough reaches a thickness of roughly 18 inch.nLine a baking sheet with plastic wrap. Transfer the rolled dough to a lightly floured surface and cut out 4 or 5 rounds with a floured 4inch round cutter. Transfer the rounds to a baking sheet and keep covered with more plastic wrap. Roll out the remaining dough and cut rounds in the same manner. Gather the scraps and let stand 10 minutes. Roll out the scraps and cut in the same manner.nHeat several inches of oil in a large Dutch oven until it registers 350 degrees F. Lightly spray the cannoli tubes with nonstick spray.nBrush the bottom edge of 1 dough round with the egg white. Wrap the dough around a tube, overlapping the ends egg white edge should go on top, and then press the edges together to seal. Make 5 more shells in the same manner keep remaining rounds covered with plastic.nFry the dough on the tubes one at a time, turning with metal tongs, until it is one shade darker, about 45 seconds. Wearing oven mitts, clamp the end of the hot tubes with tongs, 1 at a time, and, holding the tube vertically, allow the shell to slide off the tube onto paper towels, gently shaking the tube and wiggling the shell as needed to loosen. If you allow the shell to cool it will stick to the tube and shatter when you try to remove it. Transfer the shells to paper towels to drain and cool the tubes before reusing. Wrap the remaining dough around the tubes and fry in the same manner.nFor the filling: Combine the heavy cream and tangerine zest in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over low heat.nCombine the sugar and tangerine juice in a medium saucepan and cook until deep amber colored. Slowly whisk in the cream mixture and cook until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and let cool and thicken slightly.nCombine the drained ricotta and cream cheese in the bowl of a mixer, add a few tablespoons of confectioners sugar to sweeten, and beat until light and fluffy. Fold in the tangerine caramel sauce.nFill a pastry bag fitted with a star tip and fill the cannoli shells. Dip the ends in the almonds and chocolate and dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [2 cups flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons very cold lard, 34 cup marsala, Vegetable oil, for deep frying, Nonstick spray, 1 egg white, lightly beaten, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tangerines, zested, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup fresh tangerine juice, 1 12 pounds fresh sheeps milk ricotta, drained in colander lined with cheesecloth for at least 4 hours, 1 pound cream cheese, room temperature, Confectioners sugar, to sweeten and for garnish, Sliced almonds, toasted, for garnish, Bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, for garnish], title: Cannoli with TangerineAlmond Filling, picturelink: 6DZzU6J5A0SXQ5VM4FkkdZHsRmA8oVG}, 17530: {instructions: In a large bowl, stir together the pudding mix with the milk and coffee until very thick. In another large bowl, beat the heavy cream with the sugar and vanilla using an electric hand mixer until soft peaks form. Reserve 14 cup for garnish. Stir onethird of the whipped cream into the pudding to lighten it. Fold the remaining whipped cream gently into the pudding. Spoon into dessert glasses and refrigerate until ready to serve. Mousse can be made ahead up to 4 hours in advance. When ready to serve, top each with a small dollop of the reserved whipped cream and sprinkle with the chocolate chips., ingredients: [One 3.9ounce package instant chocolate pudding mix, 1 cup cold milk, 14 cup strong brewed coffee or espresso, chilled, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons chocolate chips, for garnish], title: Mocha Mousse, picturelink: null}, 17531: {instructions: Combine the balsamic vinegar, honey, currants and cayenne in a small pot. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and reduce by half to form a thick, syrupy glaze. Remove from the heat and set aside.nWith the point of a knife, score the skin side of the duck breasts in a crosshatch pattern, being careful not to pierce the flesh.nSeason the duck breasts with the salt and pepper. Heat a saute pan over medium heat 2 minutes before adding the breasts, skinside down. Cook over medium to low heat approximately 6 to 8 minutes to render the fat.nCarefully remove the excess fat from the saute pan, then turn the breasts over and saute the flesh side 3 to 4 minutes before removing the duck breasts from the pan.nThe breasts should now be medium rare. Slice lengthwise or crosswise and arrange several slices on each plate. Reheat the balsamic vinegar glaze and drizzle some over each of the duck breasts. Sprinkle with toasted pine nuts and serve with Ginger Chestnut Stuffing, ingredients: [1 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 cup dried currants, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 whole duck breasts, approximately 6 to 8 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted 4 minutes in a 250 degree oven], title: Duck Breast with Balsamic Vinegar Glaze, picturelink: null}, 17532: {instructions: Whisk the flour, salt, baking soda and baking powder together in a medium bowl.nWorking in the bowl of a mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or in a large bowl with a hand mixer, beat the butter on medium speed for about 1 minute, until smooth. Add both sugars and beat for another 2 minutes or so, until well blended. Beat in the vanilla. Add the eggs one at a time, beating for 1 minute after each egg goes in. Reduce the mixer speed to low and add the dry ingredients in 4 or 5 additions, mixing only until each addition is just incorporated. Because youre going to add more ingredients after the flour, its good not to be too thorough. Still on low speed, mix in the chocolate and nut flour.nDivide the dough in half, wrap each piece airtight in plastic film and refrigerate for at least 2 hours. The dough can be refrigerated for up to 3 days. Or, if its more convenient for you, you can scoop the dough now and freeze it in balls. You wont need to defrost the cookies, but you will need to bake them a little longer.nWhen youre ready to bake: Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats.nEdouard says to scoop the dough into mounds the size of golf balls. A medium cookie scoop with a capacity of 1 12 tablespoons is just right here, but you can also spoon the dough out using a rounded tablespoon of dough for each cookie. Place the dough on the lined sheets, about 2 inches apart.nBake the cookies one sheet at a time for 8 minutes and then, using a metal spatula, gently press each mound down just a little rotate the baking sheet. Bake for another 7 minutes or so, until the cookies are pale brown. Theyll still be slightly soft in the center, but thats finetheyll firm as they cool. Pull the sheet from the oven and allow the cookies to rest for 1 minute, then, using a wide metal spatula, carefully transfer them to racks to cool to room temperature. Repeat with the remainder of the dough, always using a cool baking sheet.nServing: The cookies are good warm or at room temperature good with coffee, good with tea and terrific with milk a beverage Ive never seen a grown French person sip and even good with Armagnac., ingredients: [3 12 cups 476 grams allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons fine sea salt, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 2 sticks 8 ounces 226 grams unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup 200 grams sugar, 1 cup 200 grams packed light brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 ounces 340 grams semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped or 2 cups chocolate chips, 1 12 cups 150 grams hazelnut or almond flour], title: Edouards Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: 4.5BgLHDLlYOk4Qq4Hx2LqcnYA9OV6}, 17533: {instructions: Toppings: Delisliced pastrami, Russian dressing and dill pickle slices on cheesy skinsnHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 15 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Deli Pastrami Potato Skins, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 17534: {instructions: Heat the grill to mediumhigh.nToss the mushrooms, oil, and a generous pinch of salt and pepper in a large bowl. Skewer the mushrooms. Cut the tops off the peppers and discard or reserve for another use. Place the peppers, cut sides down, and the mushroom skewers on the grill grate. Grill, turning the skewers occasionally, until the mushrooms and peppers have released their liquid, about 5 minutes. Transfer to dishes to cool slightly. Chop the mushrooms.nMix the cream cheese, jalapeno, and 1 12 cups shredded cheese until well blended. Add the mushrooms and tomatoes and fold to mix. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Divide among the bell pepper cups. Crumble the croutons on top and sprinkle with the remaining 12 cup shredded cheese.nPlace the pepper cups, cut sides up, on the grill, cover, and grill until the cheese melts, about 7 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 pound white button mushrooms, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Kosher salt and black pepper, 8 small green bell peppers, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 jalapeno, stemmed, seeded, and minced, 2 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved, 2 cups croutons], title: Cheesy Veggie Stuffed Grilled Peppers, picturelink: zwfFxjTK8UbnRFSdKY0n5Fnv584h0Rq}, 17535: {instructions: Serving suggestion: porknIn a blender, combine the tomato juice, lime juice, Worcestershire, fish sauce and hot sauce, and blend until smooth. Mix the salt, chili powder and cilantro, and coat the rim of 4 glasses. Fill the glasses with ice. Fill each glass onequarter full with the tomato mixture, and then fill the remainder with the beer. Give it a light stir and serve with a lime wedge and a platter of pork., ingredients: [12 ounces tomato juice, Juice of 6 limes, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 6 dashes fish sauce, 6 dashes hot sauce, such as Cholula, 14 cup coarse salt, 2 tablespoons chile powder, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro, Ice, 4 bottles dark Mexican beer, such as Negra Modelo, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Mauros Michelada Supreme, picturelink: ZtWWAISir2h9UAJ6MvNQ93acccKlYY2}, 17536: {instructions: Combine the egg white and powdered sugar in a mediumsize mixing bowl and whip with an electric mixer on medium speed until opaque and shiny, about 5 minutes. Add the lemon juice and continue whipping until completely incorporated, about 3 minutes. The lemon juice whitens the royal icing. The royal icing should be light, fluffy, and slightly stiff. You may need to adjust the consistency by adding more egg whites if the icing is too dry or more powdered sugar if it is too wet. To make decorations, fill a cornet half full with royal icing and cut a small opening at the tip. Use the cornet to draw decorations., ingredients: [1 large egg white, 1 12 cups powdered sugar, 12 lemon, juiced and strained], title: Royal Icing, picturelink: null}, 17537: {instructions: Poke a few holes in the potatoes and nuke or bake in a 400 degree F oven until forktender. Add to a large bowl and smash with a potato smasher.nImmediately add the softened butter, cheese, sour cream, bacon and green onions, and stir with a rubber spatula. Add salt and pepper to taste. Add the French fried onions and fold in. Serve hot, sprinkling on extra green onions.nYummy with grilled steak or chicken., ingredients: [5 whole large red potatoes, 1 stick butter, softened and cut into pieces, 1 cup pepper jack cheese, grated, 34 cup sour cream, 5 slices bacon, cooked and crumbled, 2 whole green onions, sliced, plus more for topping, Salt add plenty, Freshly ground black pepper ditto, 34 cup French fried onions], title: RestaurantStyle Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 17538: {instructions: Put a pizza stone or inverted baking sheet on the lowest oven rack and preheat to 475 degrees F for at least 15 minutes. Meanwhile, roll out the dough into a 9inch round on a lightly floured surface. Lightly dust a pizza peel or another inverted baking sheet with flour lay the round of dough on top and set aside. Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring, until crisp, about 6 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Combine the tomato sauce, olive oil, garlic and oregano in a medium bowl season with salt and pepper. Slide the dough directly onto the hot stone or baking sheet and bake until lightly golden and puffy, about 7 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool slightly, then carefully slice the crust in half horizontally with a serrated knife to make 2 thin crusts. Turn the crusts cutside up. Spread with the sauce mixture, then top evenly with the mozzarella, cheddar and bacon. Slide the pizzas back onto the hot stone or baking sheet bake until the cheese melts and the crust is golden, about 8 more minutes. Sprinkle with the parmesan.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [1 pound prepared pizza dough, at room temperature, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 4 slices bacon, chopped, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, grated, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese about 4 ounces, 1 cup shredded white cheddar cheese about 4 ounces, 1 tablespoon grated parmesan cheese], title: ThreeCheese Bacon Pizza, picturelink: SecMdZTSAKYfAkdbs1GDQ0X9s9AsJu}, 17539: {instructions: For the caramel: Place the unopened can of condensed milk in a saucepan and cover with water. Boil for 4 hours, keeping the water level constantly above the top of the can. Remove from the pan and allow to cool for 30 minutes before opening. Cool to room temperature about 70 degrees.nFor the coconut paste: Mix all of the ingredients together, stirring well using a wooden spoon. Reserve half for closing the holes later. Roll the paste into 12 1 12inch balls for the spider bodies and 12 34inch balls for the spider heads. Make a 34inch hole in the center of the larger balls. Place the condensed milkcaramel into a piping bag and fill the hole. Seal the top by adding more coconut paste, enclosing the caramel.nTo assemble: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Melt 1 pound 13 ounces chocolate slowly in a double boiler to 100 degrees slightly warmer than body temperature. Add the caramel oil and stir gently. Stir in the coconut, giving the chocolate a hairy appearance. Enrobe the spider bodies and heads in the melted chocolate. Join the head and body together before the chocolate sets. Place on the prepared baking sheet and put in the refrigerator to set completely, about 10 minutes.nMelt the remaining 3 ounces chocolate and place into a piping bag. Cut a hole in the point of the piping bag to the size of a number 2 piping tip. Pipe 56 1 12inch long and 24 1inch long zshaped spider legs onto the parchment. Allow the legs to set at room temperature. Do not refrigerate or the legs will curl unnaturally.nRemove the spiders from the refrigerator. Using a dot of melted chocolate, attach the legs to the body, 4 long legs to the side of the body and 2 short legs to the front of the head. Pipe chocolate stripes onto the body. Pipe 2 eyes onto the head and, while wet, sprinkle edible gold sparkle onto the eyes.nPlace 2 tablespoons Rasberry Coulis on the center of each plate to represent blood. Serve the spiders on pools of Raspberry Coulis.nHeat the sugar and water in a small saucepan over medium heat. Stir occasionally until the sugar dissolves completely, about 5 minutes. Put the raspberries and the sugar syrup in a blender and puree, pulsing for 6 second intervals. Strain the mixture through a fine mesh sieve to remove the seeds. Stir in the lemon juice., ingredients: [1 12ounce can condensed milk, 1 cup superfine sugar, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons 2 percent milk, 1 cup marshmallow creme recommended: Marshmallow Fluff, 1 cup finely shredded unsweetened coconut, 12 cup coarsely crushed wheat crackers recommended: Triscuits, 12 cup coarsely crushed salted potato chips, 2 pounds dark chocolate compound discs nontempering chocolate, divided, 6 drops caramel oil available in the candy section of craft stores, Edible gold sparkle, for decorating, Raspberry Coulis, recipe follows, 12 cup superfine sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 1 pound fresh red raspberries, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Edible BloodSucking Chocolate Tarantulas with Raspberry Coulis Blood, picturelink: null}, 17540: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a 10or 12inch heavy ovenproof skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the fennel and saute for 8 to 10 minutes, until the fennel is tender. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the wine and bring to a boil, scraping up any browned bits. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, until the liquid is reduced by half. Add the tomatoes with the liquid, tomato paste, oregano, Pernod, salt, and pepper to the skillet. Simmer over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, for 10 to 15 minutes.nArrange the shrimp, tails up, in one layer over the tomatomixture in the skillet. Scatter the feta evenly over the shrimp. In a small bowl, combine the bread crumbs, parsley, and lemon zest with the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil and sprinkle over the shrimp.nBake for 15 minutes, until the shrimp are cooked and the bread crumbs are golden brown. Squeeze the juice of 1 lemon over the shrimp. Serve hot with the remaining lemon cut into wedges., ingredients: [4 tablespoons good olive oil, divided, 1 12 cups mediumdiced fennel, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 14 12ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon Pernod, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 pounds 16 to 20 per pound peeled shrimp with tails on, 5 ounces good feta cheese, coarsely crumbled, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs see note, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 2 lemons], title: Roasted Shrimp with Feta, picturelink: M8abYZTtGUe9pL3AgoKDVCA1l1t7F7m}, 17541: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nToss the potatoes with the canola oil, garlic paste and salt and pepper to taste. Place on a sheet tray and roast until cooked through and golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes.nRemove from the oven and immediately fold in the herbs. Reseason if needed and drizzle with olive oil to finish., ingredients: [6 to 8 new potatoes, cut in half or quartered, depending on size, 1 12 tablespoons canola oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and turned into a paste, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Roasted Red Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 17542: {instructions: Warm the milk in a saucepan on low heat to just warm. Stir in the sugar and yeast and set aside until bubbly and foamy, about 5 minutes.nWhisk together the flour and salt in a large bowl and create a well. Stir in the yeast mixture, and then knead the dough in the bowl until smooth, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the white chocolate chips, figs and pears and knead a bit more to evenly distribute. Place in a greased bowl, cover and set aside to rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPunch down the dough and lightly knead again. Turn into a greased 10by5inch loaf pan. Allow to rise in the pan for 30 minutes more. Bake the loaf in the oven until the internal temperature reads about 190 degrees F, about 45 minute. Allow to cool about 5 minutes. Turn out onto a cooling rack to cool completely. Slice and Serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups whole milk, 2 tablespoons sugar, One .25ounce packet active dry yeast, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup white chocolate chips, 6 to 8 dried mission figs, chopped, 6 dried pears, diced, Butter, for greasing the bowl], title: White Chocolate Pear and Fig Morning Bread, picturelink: ZNXh0TK2rmTRhj1tx8TWoOgFQ9AY6Za}, 17543: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nDust a counter surface with a bit of flour. Roll pizza dough into a ball and cut ball into quarters. Roll each quarter into a 1inch thick snake shape. Cut snakes into 5inch pieces. Place on a cookie sheet, well spaced apart.nWhisk together the garlic, oil and salt in a bowl. Brush the mixture onto the dough. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until slightly risen and golden brown., ingredients: [Flour, for surface, 1 package refrigerated prepared pizza dough, 4 cloves garlic, pressed, 13 cup olive oil, Few pinches salt], title: Garlic Breadsticks, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 17544: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine the chopped pork ribs, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, pounded red Asian shallots, and minced garlic. Toss to coat the ribs completely and marinate in the refrigerator for 2 hours, or overnight for a better result.nIn a large stock pot, add the marinated pork ribs, whole peppercorns, spring onions, grilled baby squid, and 3 quarts of water.nBring to the boil, cook 10 minutes, or until clear, skimming off any impurities. Reduce the heat to a low simmer, secure with a lid and cook for 2 hours.nNow add remaining salt, sugar, and fish sauce. Cook for a further 10 minutes, then take off the heat.nIn another large pot, bring 2 quarts water to boil then blanch each portion of noodles for 10 seconds then drain. Place the noodles in a bowl, now add 4 pieces of pork ribs to each bowl then cover the noodles with pork broth.nTo each bowl, add bean sprouts, coriander cilantro, garlic chives, mint, sprinkle of fried garlic chips, sprinkle of fried red Asian shallots, pinch ground black pepper, sliced chile, and a squeeze of lime juice., ingredients: [2 14 pounds young pork ribs, cut into 2 12inch pieces, 4 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoon salt, 1 gallon water, 6 tablespoons fish sauce, 8 red Asian shallots, crushed in a mortar and pestle see Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 8 dried baby squid, grilled until crisp see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons whole black peppercorns, 8 white spring onion heads, 2 tablespoons finely diced garlic, 8 spring onions green part only, finely sliced, 4 12 pounds fresh rice noodles, divided into 7ounce portions, 18 ounces bean sprouts, 1 bunch fresh coriander cilantro leaves, 1 bunch fresh garlic chives, sliced into 1 12inch pieces, 1 bunch fresh mint leaves, 4 chiles, sliced, 2 tablespoons fried garlic chips, 2 tablespoons fried red Asian shallots see Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 limes], title: Pork Rib Broth with Soft Rice Noodles: Hu Tieu Suon Heo, picturelink: null}, 17545: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Toss the sweet potatoes and peppers with the olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste on a rimmed baking sheet spread in a single layer. Bake on the lower oven rack until tender and charred in spots, about 35 minutes. Meanwhile, set a wire rack on another rimmed baking sheet and coat with cooking spray. Stir the mayonnaise, milk, chili powder and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Place the panko in another large bowl. Add the pork to the mayonnaise mixture and turn to coat. One at a time, transfer each cutlet to the bowl of panko and turn to coat arrange on the wire rack. Coat both sides of the cutlets generously with cooking spray. Bake the cutlets on the upper oven rack until golden brown and cooked through, 12 to 18 minutes. Serve the pork with the roasted vegetables, salsa verde and lime wedges.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [3 large sweet potatoes about 1 12 pounds, peeled and cut into 34inch pieces, 2 poblano chile peppers or green bell peppers, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Cooking spray, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup milk, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 cups panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 1 12 pounds pork cutlets, about 14 inch thick, Salsa verde and lime wedges, for serving optional], title: Southwestern Pork Cutlets, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 17546: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Fry the tomato slices until browned, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nBeat the eggs and sour cream together in a medium bowl and stir in the salmon and chives. Heat the remaining butter in small skillet over medium heat. Add the egg mixture and cook until lightly set and soft, about 2 minutes. Serve with the tomatoes and a croissant. Enjoy in Paris or while listening to Edith Piaf., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large tomato, sliced, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 eggs, 3 teaspoons sour cream, 1ounce smoked salmon, chopped, 3 to 4 chives, finely chopped, Croissant, for serving], title: New Years Paris Eggs, picturelink: null}, 17547: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBoil potatoes until tender, drain and reserve. Return the pot to the stove top over medium heat. Add butter and bananas to the pot. Cook bananas 5 minutes and add the juice of 1 orange to the pot, reserve the zest. Allow the juice to cook out, 1 minute. Add potatoes to the pot and the stock and sugar. Mash potatoes, banana, stock and sugar together until well combined. Season with nutmeg, salt, pepper and orange zest, to your taste. Mash to combine spices and serve., ingredients: [3 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, 12 stick butter, 1 banana, sliced, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, Salt and pepper], title: Mashed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: MU9O90a3gjEAH8TKF2ARjMAO8KdQRpK}, 17548: {instructions: Bring porcini and water to a boil. Cover and let stand 20 minutes or until porcini are tender. Drain through a cheesecloth lined sieve, reserving liquid. Rinse any grit off porcini and mince. Return soaking liquid, minced porcini, sage, thyme, broth and olive oil to a saucepan. Bring water to a boil and cook capellini for 3 to 4 minutes. While capellini is cooking, bring mushroom broth to a boil. Add parsley, salt and pepper and immediately remove from heat. Drain capellini and portion out ladle broth over the top and serve immediately., ingredients: [1ounce dried Porcini mushrooms, 12 cup water, 4 fresh sage leaves, cut into chiffonade, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 cup chicken broth, preferably homemade, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup Italian parsley leaves packed, 12 ounces dry capellini, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Capellini in Parsley Mushroom Broth, picturelink: null}, 17549: {instructions: Dry the scallops very well with a paper towel. Cut the pork belly into uniform cubes about the size of the scallops.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet set over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the scallops with salt and pepper and then add to the skillet. Add the butter to the skillet. When the bottom is golden brown, flip the scallop and cook for 1 minute.nHeat vegetable oil in a deep fryer to 350 degrees F. Alternatively, in a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F.nDeepfry the pork belly until crispy, but not too hard. Drain the pork belly on a papertowellined plate.nIn a bowl, toss the arugula, sliced strawberries and pistachios with some of the Vanilla Bean Vinaigrette. Mound the salad on the plate, then arrange the scallops and pork belly around the salad. Top with some Beurre Blanc and drizzle with the Pomegranate Agrodolce to serve.nPlace the vinegar, honey, mustard and vanilla seeds in the food processor, and pulse until mixed. Slowly drizzle in the oil with machine running until emulsified.nIn a saucepan set over mediumlow heat, bring the vermouth and vinegar to a low simmer. Add the shallots and season with salt and pepper. Simmer to cook until the liquid reduces by half, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in 4 tablespoons of the butter until fully incorporated. Return the pan to low heat and whisk in the remaining butter, one piece at a time. Add the lemon juice, then remove from the heat, cover and keep warm until ready to serve.nCombine the pomegranate juice, sugar and vinegar in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil then reduce the heat to low and simmer until thick and syrupy, 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [12 large size U10 fresh scallops, muscle removed, One 2pound piece pork belly, parboiled, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 pounds baby arugula, 2 cups strawberries, sliced, 1 cup shelled pistachios, Vanilla Bean Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Beurre Blanc, recipe follows, Pomegranate Agrodolce, recipe follows, 14 cup champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 vanilla bean, scraped, 1 cup grapeseed oil, 14 cup dry vermouth or white wine, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 shallot, minced, Salt and finely ground black or white pepper, 2 sticks cold butter, cut into tablespoonsize pieces, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 cups pomegranate juice, 12 cup fine sugar, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar], title: PanSeared Scallops and Pork Belly with Pomegranate Agrodolce and Beurre Blanc, picturelink: OCuudnrXKmOLHI5QHEZPdbrPHDWDEm.}, 17550: {instructions: Scrub the potatoes well, pat dry and then lightly coat with olive oil and a generous sprinkling of salt and pepper. Roast potatoes in a preheated 375 degree F oven for 15 to 20 minutes or until just cooked through. Cool and quarter lengthwise.nRemove stem and scrape black gills from the portobellos. Brush with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill, pan grill or roast until just cooked through. Cool and slice each mushroom into 12 thick slices.nTo construct a stack lightly oil a baking sheet and arrange 4 quarters of potato interspersed with 3 slices of mushroom side by side in the same direction. Top with a half ounce or so of cheese and then arrange another layer at right angles to the first. Finish with a top layer of potatoes and a dollop of cheese. Construct 3 more stacks in the same manner.nWhen ready to serve, place baking sheet in a preheated 400 degree F oven for 6 to 8 minutes to heat vegetables through and barely melt the cheese. While vegetables are heating toss the greens with vinaigrette. Place a stack on a heated plate and top with a quarter of the dressed greens. Scatter the diced peppers around and drizzle the plate with the basil oil. Serve immediately.nWhisk all ingredients until sugar is dissolved. Store covered in refrigerator up to 1 week., ingredients: [12 fingerling or creamer potatoes, 212 to 3 ounces each, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 large portobello mushrooms 1 pound total, 6 ounces Crescenza or other flavorful melting cheese, 2 cups lightly packed young peppery greens such as watercress, upland cress andor arugula, Rice VinegarSesame Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Red and yellow peppers, diced tiny and blanched, Basil oil or fruity olive oil, 12 cup unseasoned rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons mirin Japanese sweet cooking sake, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon finely minced shallot or green onion, Salt and pepper], title: Crescenza Stack, picturelink: null}, 17551: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a saute pan heat 2 tablespoons oil. Add fennel and saute for about 8 to 10 minutes, or until fennel is tender.nIn a small baking dish combine olives, red wine, garlic and Sauteed fennel. Toss to combine and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with remaining olive oil.nBake, uncovered, until olives and fennel are heated through, about 15 minutes. Serve warm with chunks of peasant bread, ingredients: [12 bulb fennel, thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup Kalamata olives, pitted, 12 cup red wine, 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Baked Olives and Fennel, picturelink: null}, 17552: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the celery, mushrooms and curry powder cook, stirring, until the curry powder is toasted, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth, coconut milk, 1 tablespoon fish sauce and 1 cup water and bring to a simmer.nAdd the green beans and bell pepper to the pot, reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the vegetables are crisptender, about 3 minutes. Add the dumplings and cook until tender, about 4 minutes. Stir in the lime juice. Season the soup with salt and add more fish sauce to taste, if desired. Top with sliced scallions and serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 stalks celery, sliced, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup coconut milk, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, plus more to taste, 4 ounces green beans, roughly chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 pound frozen Asianstyle dumplings or pot stickers, Juice of 1 lime, plus lime wedges for serving, Kosher salt, Sliced scallions, for topping], title: Thai Dumpling Soup, picturelink: r0kh9Zc6I2fd3noLG15ey.fDhGFCPgW}, 17553: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn an 8 to 12quart pot, bring 6 quarts 24 cups salted water to a rolling boil.nIn a large nonstick skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over mediumhigh heat until hot but not smoking. Add the sausage and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until browned but not yet crispy. Remove the meat from the skillet with a slotted spoon and set aside.nAdd the onions and remaining tablespoon of olive oil to the skillet and saute until the onions are soft. Add the sausage back along with a pinch of red pepper flakes and saute an additional minute. Reduce the flame to medium low and pour in the wine, cooking until it is reduced by half, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the sauce from the heat.nAdd the pasta to the boiling water and cook until al dente. Drain the pasta and add it to the sauce in the skillet. Add the ParmigianoReggiano and radicchio and toss to combine the ingredients. Garnish with the crushed walnuts, a drop of extravirgin olive oil and a light dusting of freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for serving, 4 pork sausages about 1 pound, casings removed, 12 white onion, diced, Pinch red pepper flakes, 12 cup white wine, 1 pound pasta, such as cavatelli or orecchiette, 13 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus more for topping, 12 head radicchio, thinly sliced, 12 cup walnuts, toasted and handcrushed], title: Cavatelli with Sausage and Radicchio, picturelink: M5dpRCd8fbFdsS8LGUj9x0J4a.u6S}, 17554: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 2quart shallow baking dish with the cooking spray. Beat the eggs, soup, milk, 12 cup cheese and 1 tablespoon thyme in a large bowl with a fork or whisk. Add the bread cubes and turkey. Stir and press the bread cubes into the milk mixture to coat. Pour the bread mixture into the baking dish. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese and thyme. Let stand for 15 minutes. Bake for 45 minutes or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 6 eggs, 1 can 10 12 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed French Onion Soup, 2 cups milk, 1 cup shredded Swiss cheese about 4 ounces, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves or 2 teaspoons dried thyme leaves, crushed, 9 slices Pepperidge Farmu00ae Farmhouseu00bf Hearty White Bread, cut into cubes, 2 cups shredded or cubed cooked turkey], title: French Onion Turkey Casserole, picturelink: 0pswric6BOPSqNXORJX0UrqgayN7KK}, 17555: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: How to Make Bacon in the Microwave, picturelink: null}, 17556: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Remove any excess fat off chicken. Slice lemons paperthin. Under the skin of the chicken place 2 slices of lemon and 2 leaves of sage. Heat butter in large skillet over high flame. Season chicken with salt and pepper and place skin side down in skillet until golden brown. Turn over and sear other side. Place entire skillet on wire rack in oven and cook for 12 to 15 minutes or until done. Remove from oven and serve over caramelized endive.nIn a large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add your garlic and shallots and cook until translucent about 2 minutes. Place endive in the saucepan, and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 20 minutes over low heat, until endive is tender., ingredients: [6 chicken breasts with the first wing joint attached, 1 lemon, 12 sage leaves, 6 ounces butter, Salt and pepper, to taste, Caramelized endive, recipe follows, 6 ounces butter, 2 cloves of minced garlic, 2 sliced shallots, 6 heads endive, sliced thinly lengthwise, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Lemon and Sage Roasted Chicken with Caramelized Endive, picturelink: null}, 17557: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBoil a large pot of salted water. Add the green beans and cook until tender crisp, 1 to 2 minutes. Use a spider to remove to a bowl of ice water. Drain well, pat dry and place the beans in a large bowl. Combine with the feta cheese, tomatoes and red onions.nToast the almonds in a small skillet, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove to a plate.nWhisk together the olive oil, red wine vinegar, basil, garlic and some salt and pepper. Pour the dressing over the green beans and sprinkle with the toasted almonds. Let marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound slender green beans, ends trimmed, 1 cup feta cheese crumbles, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, sliced in half, 2 tablespoons chopped red onion, 12 cup slivered almonds, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 1 large clove garlic, minced, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Bean Salad, picturelink: OKTVwkwk6o4A10svkz4DfKEfytMsbRW}, 17558: {instructions: Special equipment: a pastry bag fitted with a round tip, optionalnFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line three 9inch round baking pans with parchment and spray the sides with cooking spray.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and ginger.nIn a separate, large bowl or in the bowl of a stand mixer, beat together the brown sugar and oil until fully combined, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time and then the vanilla, scraping down the sides if necessary to ensure that all is thoroughly combined. Gently stir in the flour mixture until just combined. Stir in the carrots, pineapple and pecans until they are evenly distributed, taking care not to overmix the batter.nPour a third of the batter into each of the cake pans and bake until the cake is fully set and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 40 to 50 minutes. Cool completely in the pans on a rack, about 1 hour.nFor the frosting: Meanwhile, beat the cream cheese, butter, powdered sugar, orange extract and orange zest with an electric mixer in a medium bowl until smooth and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes.nWhen completely cool, remove the cake layers from the pans. Place one layer on a cake plate. Using an offset spatula, spread a quarter to a third of the frosting over the top of the layer, taking care to spread it all the way to the edges. Top with a cake layer and repeat with the remaining frosting and cake layer, smoothing the frosting neatly over the top layer. Scatter zest over the frosting on the top layer.nIf a more uniform finish is desired, use a pastry bag fitted with a round tip to pipe additional frosting into the remaining gaps between the layers, turning the plate as you go. Use the end of a spoon or the tip of a knife to smooth the rounded edge of the piped frosting and close any gaps., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 12 cups light brown sugar, 1 12 cups vegetable oil, 6 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 4 cups grated carrot about 1 12 pounds, One 20ounce can crushed pineapple, drained and juice squeezed out about 1 12 cups, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature, 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, 2 cups powdered sugar, 3 teaspoons orange extract, Zest from 1 orange, plus more for garnish], title: Naked Carrot Cake, picturelink: VNQXQGKWYsy4GRo3fW.b99jkVPynMGi}, 17559: {instructions: In a large heavy skillet, heat the oil over medium to high heat. Add the onion and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring frequently, until golden. Reduce the heat to low, add the garlic and chiles and saute, stirring, for 1 minute more. Do not brown the garlic. Add the mushrooms, epazote, and salt and cover the pan tightly. Cook for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the mushrooms are tender, and serve at once., ingredients: [2 tablespoons safflower oil, 12 small white onion, finely chopped, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded, and finely chopped, 34 pound oyster mushrooms, brushed clean and tough stems removed, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped epazote leaves, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Hongos al Ajillo, picturelink: null}, 17560: {instructions: In a casserole heat the olive oil. Add the onions and cook until golden, about 5 to 7 minutes. Then add the carrots and celery and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the beans, bay leaf and thyme and toss for 1 minute. Then add the beef stock, Parmesan rind if using, plum tomatoes and their juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Careful with the amount of salt since Parmesan rind will add a salty flavor. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 1 hour. Add the potatoes, zucchini and savoy cabbage and cook for 20 minutes more or until the vegetables are tender. Finally, add your pasta and cook, covered, for about 10 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper, ladle into bowls and serve with some pesto., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, 1 cup chopped onion, 1 cup diced carrots, 1 cup diced celery, 12 cup great northern beans, soaked, 1 bay leaf, Sprig of thyme, 4 cups beef stock, Rind of a piece of Parmesan cheeseoptional, 2 cups Italian canned tomatoes and their juice, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 cups diced potatoes, 2 cups zucchini, diced, 2 cups shredded savoy cabbage, 1 cup small pasta shells, Pesto, for serving], title: Classic Minestrone, picturelink: null}, 17561: {instructions: In a skillet cook the bacon over moderate heat, until crisp. Transfer bacon to a plate lined with paper towel and pour off all but 2 tablespoons fat. Add onion and garlic to skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add cumin and chili powder and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add beans and cook, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes.nTransfer the mixture to a food processor and puree until smooth. Add the cheddar, sour cream, lemon juice, salt and cayenne and puree until combined well.nTransfer dip to a serving bowl and garnish with the bacon, crumbled.nServe with crudites andor tortilla chips., ingredients: [6 slices bacon, 1 cup minced onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons ground toasted cumin, or to taste, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 119ounce can white beans, such as cannellini, rinsed and drained, 1 cup grated sharp white cheddar cheese, 14 to 13 cup sour cream or yogurt, or to taste, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Salt and cayenne, to taste, Assorted raw vegetables, such as carrot sticks, broccoli florets,, Bell pepper strips, etc. andor tortilla chips as accompaniments], title: White Bean, Cheddar and Bacon Dip, picturelink: null}, 17562: {instructions: In a small bowl stir all the ingredients together. Spoon over vegetables or drizzle lightly over dressed salads as a garnish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Cracked Black Pepper Garnish, picturelink: null}, 17563: {instructions: Heat a wok over a high heat and add 1 tablespoon groundnut oil. Add the eggs and scramble for a few minutes, then remove them from the wok, and set side. Wipe down the wok.nReheat the wok and add the remaining groundnut oil. Add the rice, and stir well to break up the grains. Then, add the tomatoes, and stirfry for a few minutes.nReturn the eggs to the wok, and season with the soy sauce, sesame oil, and white pepper, to taste. Add the spring onions, and mix well. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons groundnut oil peanut, 3 eggs, beaten, 14 ounces cooked jasmine rice, 3 ripe tomatoes, sliced, 3 tablespoons light soy sauce, Dash toasted sesame oil, Pinch freshly cracked white pepper, 1 large spring onion green, finely sliced], title: Egg Fried Rice, picturelink: null}, 17564: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Separate dough into 12 strips. Place flat on ungreased cookie sheet do not twist. With sharp knife or kitchen scissors, cut 2 small triangles from one end of each dough strip to form a point that resembles a fingertip. Lightly score breadsticks in center to resemble knuckles.nCut each pepperoni slice into 2 pointed ovals to resemble 2 fingernails. Place 1 pepperoni piece on each breadstick.nBake at 375 degrees F. for 13 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. If necessary, reapply fingernails with small dot of ketchup.nSplit each breadstick. Cut each cheese slice into strips and place in breadstick, overlapping strips. Top each with lettuce. If desired, serve with mustard, mayonnaise or ketchup. Serve warm or cold., ingredients: [1 11oz. can Pillsburyu00ae Refrigerated Breadsticks, 6 small slices pepperoni, 12 23oz. slices American pasteurized process cheese food, 34 cup finely shredded lettuce], title: Witches Finger Sandwiches, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 17565: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil for the pasta. In a bowl mix together green onion, garlic, egg, bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese. With a fork stir in ground turkey or chicken and season to taste with salt and pepper. You can crumble some in a skillet, cook, taste, and then adjust seasoning. Shape mixture into small meatballs. In a large skillet heat olive oil. Add meatballs in a single layer and let them cook for 2 to 3 minutes a side, without disturbing. If they stick, loosen with a slotted spoon. Stir in tomato sauce into the skillet, cover and simmer 10 to 15 minutes while spaghetti is cooking to reheat sauce and cook meatballs through. Drain pasta and then return to the pot and toss with remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Dish out a portion of pasta on each plate and spoon some meatballs and sauce in center., ingredients: [1 green onion, thinly sliced, 1 minced clove of garlic, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1ounce fresh bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, plus extra to serve on the side for grating, 1 pound ground turkey or chicken, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups tomato sauce recipe above, 1 pound perciatelli pasta, Salt and pepper to taste, Parmesan cheeseto serve on the side for grating], title: Turkey Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 17566: {instructions: Fill a large skillet with enough oil to come 2 inches up the pan. Heat to 375 degrees. Lower heat when desired temperature is achieved and maintain heat. Whisk the eggs into the milk together. In a separate bowl sift the dry ingredients together. Blend the wet ingredients into the dry and beat until smooth. Place about 1 cup of the batter at a time in a funnel, holding the hole closed with the fingertip of the other hand. Allow the batter to flow from the funnel into the oil and swirl batter several times in a coiled, spiral pattern. Deepfry 1 to 2 minutes on each side or until golden brown. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with powdered sugar or drizzle with molasses or syrup, ingredients: [1 egg, 23 cup milk, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 1 13 cups flour], title: Funnel Cakes, picturelink: null}, 17567: {instructions: Slice the beef tenderloin thinly and pound each slice with a meat mallet. Season the beef slices with salt and pepper.nBeat the eggs and pour them into a shallow bowl or baking dish. Put the flour in another shallow dish. Stir the breadcrumbs and Italian seasoning together in a third shallow dish.nDip a beef slice in the flour and shake off the excess flour. Then dip in the eggs, then in the bread crumbs and place on a plate. Repeat with all the beef slices.nIn a large skillet, melt 2 tablespoons of butter and 3 tablespoons olive oil over mediumhigh heat. When the butter is melted and bubbling, add a few beef slices to the pan and cook until golden brown on each side, about 1 minute per side. Drain the beef slices on paper towels to drain the excess oil. Repeat with all of the beef slices.nTo make the salad: In a bowl, combine the cucumber and onion together. Add 1 teaspoon salt and the lemon and lime juices. Toss to coat and let sit for 5 minutes.nIn another bowl, combine the spinach and tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. Add olive oil and toss to coat.nLay the beef slices on a platter and top with the spinach and tomatoes and then with the cucumber salad. Serve with Red Hawk Potato Gratin and Sunday Bread.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat a 9 by 13inch baking dish with softened butter.nIn a large, deep skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat and saute the onions and garlic for 5 minutes. Stir in the cream and cook for 1 minute.nPour a small amount of the onioncream mixture on the bottom of the buttered baking dish. Crumble 6ounces of cheese over the bottom. Layer the potatoes, overlapping them a bit, on top of the cream and cheese. Season with salt, and pepper, to taste.nPour more onioncream mixture on top of potatoes and sprinkle with a handful of grated Parmesan. Top with 6ounces more of Red Hawk cheese. Repeat this step until all the potatoes and onioncream has been used up.nSprinkle the top of the gratin with the reserved Parmesan cheese. Cover the gratin with aluminum foil and bake for 1 hour. Remove the foil then bake for 30 to 45 minutes more, or until the cheese on top is golden brown and the gratin in bubbling.nIn a bowl, stir together the water and yeast. Let sit for 5 minutes.nIn a stand mixer, with a paddle attachment, mix the flour and salt. Pour the yeast into the flour and add the honey. Mix slowly until the mixture is just incorporated and the dough is formed.nRemove the dough from the mixer and knead by hand on a lightlyfloured surface. Knead for 1 minute.nPlace the dough in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let sit for 30 minutes.nTurn the dough out onto a lightlyfloured surface and roll into a loaf shape. With kitchen scissors, or a sharp paring knife, cut 6 notches into the dough at a 45degree angle. Take one piece of dough and pull it left, the next piece of dough, pull right. Repeat with all pieces until you have a shape that resembles leaves on a branch. Transfer to a baking sheet and let rest for 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Using a fork, beat the egg with 1 teaspoon water and brush the egg wash onto the top of the bread. Bake the bread for 20 minutes, or until golden and baked through., ingredients: [2 pounds beef tenderloin, trimmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons Italian seasoning, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup cucumber, sliced thin, 1 red onion, sliced thin, Kosher salt, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 5 cups spinach, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, Red Hawk Potato Gratin, for serving, see recipe, Sunday Bread, for serving, see recipe, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup sliced onions, 5 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 cup cream, 24ounces Red Hawk triple creme cheese, 2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, sliced 18inch thick, unpeeled, 2 cups grated Parmesan cheese set aside 12 cup of cheese for topping the gratin, 3 cups warm water, 1 7gram or .25ounce packet active dry yeast, 5 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons honey, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 egg], title: Beef Tenderloin Milanese with Spinach and Cucumber Salads, picturelink: 3YYEMzCm6TZEhWkhdjyW00ptirs3fm}, 17568: {instructions: Shred, wash, and blanch the bokchoy in boiling water for a few minutes or until tender. Add the scallions during the last 30 seconds of blanching. Refresh both in an ice bath, drain, and lightly squeeze out the excess water from both the bok choy and the scallions. Mix together with the crabmeat, pickled ginger, lime juice and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a large, heavy pot, heat oil to 365 degrees F. Spoon the crab mixture onto each wrapper, covering 34 of the wrapper. Brush the remaining 14 of the wrapper with the egg wash. Fold sides in, roll up and press lightly to seal. Carefully add to hot oil, and deepfry for 3 to 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season lightly.nOn each plate, place 3 segments of pink grapefruit and 3 slices of avocado. Mix the salad leaves with salt and pepper and some Pink Grapefruit Dressing, and place in the center of each plate. Sprinkle the toasted almonds around the outside then dribble Pink Grapefruit Dressing around the outside. Cut spring rolls in half on the bias and arrange on top of the salad.nIn a medium skillet, melt the sugar over medium heat, and then add the shallots and honey. Pour in the strained juice and cook until reduced to 13 of the volume. Let cool, and then transfer mixture to a blender. Puree, slowly adding the grapeseed oil and rice wine vinegar. Add enough grenadine for color and then stir in the lime juice. Chill until ready to use., ingredients: [1 14 heads bokchoy, 14 bunch scallions, minced, 3 ounces jumbo lump crabmeat, picked over, 12 teaspoon pickled ginger, chopped, 1 lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, Spring roll wrappers, 3 egg yolks, beaten with a little water to make an egg wash, 1 pink grapefruit, segmented for garnish, 1 avocado, thinly sliced for garnish, 1ounce almonds, toasted for garnish, 2 ounces mixed salad leaves for garnish, Pink Grapefruit Dressing, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 shallots, peeled and diced, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 cup freshsqueezed grapefruit juice, strained from 2 pink grapefruits, 14 cup grape seed oil, 18 cup rice wine vinegar, Grenadine, 1 lime, juiced], title: Crab Spring Rolls with Pink Grapefruit, Avocado and Toasted Almonds, picturelink: 4FniDSHaG4CScBnzVCZayi8z.3WLGDG}, 17569: {instructions: Special equipment: six 8ounce ramekins or ovenproof coffee mugs 1 large roasting pannPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 375 degrees F. Spread the bread on a baking sheet, and bake until crispy and dried out, about 10 minutes. Let cool completely.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a small skillet over medium heat, and cook until it starts to bubble and foam, about 5 minutes. Continue cooking, stirring constantly, until the foam subsides and brown specks start to appear, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the browned butter to a small bowl, scraping the brown bits from the bottom of the skillet, and let cool slightly.nWhisk together 12 cup of the sugar, the eggs, lemon zest, vanilla and salt in a large bowl until the mixture is pale and thick. Whisk in the halfandhalf and 3 tablespoons of the browned butter until combined. Stir in the bread and raspberries, and let the mixture sit for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.nBrush the inside of six 8ounce ramekins with the remaining browned butter, and coat with the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar, tapping out any excess. Divide the bread pudding mixture evenly among the ramekins. Set the ramekins in a large roasting pan, and carefully fill the pan with 12 inch of hot water. Bake until the custard is just set and the tops are lightly golden brown in spots, about 45 minutes, rotating the pan once halfway through. Let cool for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 cups 12inch crustless cubes of sourdough bread, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 large eggs, 2 teaspoons lightly packed finely grated lemon zest from about 2 large lemons, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch fine salt, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 1 12 cups raspberries], title: Kids Can Make: RaspberryLemon Bread Pudding, picturelink: Gw3eZE5JNELjkvHNbIKS1TDXu0YiKwS}, 17570: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9inchby13inch ovenproof dish with 1 tablespoon of the butter.nFill a large pot with water and place over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a rolling boil and season with some salt. Add the macaroni and cook until tender but still firm, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain.nMelt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Then add the ginger, garlic and onions. Stir and cook until the onions are just beginning to turn golden, about 5 minutes. Add the garam masala, cumin, turmeric, paprika, cardamom, chili powder and tomatoes and cook for 5 minutes. Add the flour and a pinch of salt and pepper and stir for about 2 minutes. Slowly add the milk and continue to stir as it thickens. Cook until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 15 to 20 minutes. Add 3 cups of the cheese and stir until melted.nAdd the drained macaroni to the baking dish, and then pour over the cheese sauce and stir as it settles and coats all the macaroni. Sprinkle the top with the rest of the grated cheese and the breadcrumbs and bake until the top is golden and the macaroni is hot and bubbling, about 30 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, Salt, 4 cups dried macaroni 14 ounces375g, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 onion, minced, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon red chili powder, 2 ripe tomatoes, diced, 14 cup allpurpose flour, A pinch of pepper, 3 cups milk, 4 cups grated white Cheddar 14 ounces375 g, 14 cup breadcrumbs 1 ounce30 g], title: Macaroni and Cheese, IndianStyle, picturelink: null}, 17571: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line mini cupcake pans with 48 mini cupcake liners.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, mix the oil and sugar on high speed until creamy and fully incorporated. Mix in the crystallized ginger until fully incorporated. Add the egg whites and mix well. Sift together the flour, baking powder, ground ginger, and salt in a large bowl. On medium speed, add the flour mixture alternately with the milk and vanilla mixture until combined. Do not overmix. Fill the cupcake liners threequarters of the way and bake for 15 minutes.nTo assemble: Using a pastry bag fitted with a small round tip, pipe the top of the cupcakes in a dot pattern with Lime Buttercream, creating 6 dots to cover the tops of the cakes. Snip a small cluster from the stem of each branch of the micro herbs. Place the bunches in the center of the icing. Zest fresh lime zest over the cakes to finish off the garnish.nPlace the lime juice and cornstarch in a small pan on the stove. Cook over medium heat, whisking, until the mixture thickens. Transfer the lime curd to a silicone mat and refrigerate until cool, about 5 minutes. In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and salt. Add the cooled lime curd. Add the confectioners sugar and beat until light and fluffy., ingredients: [1 12 cups plus 18 cup olive oil, 2 cups superfine sugar, 1 12 cups crystallized ginger, run through food processor, 8 egg whites, 3 cups cake flour, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup whole milk, 3 teaspoons vanilla, Lime Buttercream, recipe follows, Micro opal basil, for garnish, Micro mint, for garnish, Lime zest, for garnish, 1 14 cups fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 pound unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 cups confectioners sugar], title: Crystallized Ginger Olive Oil Cupcakes with Lime Buttercream, Opal Basil, Mint, and Lime Zest, picturelink: wwxHfEhdtELZY2Z8ASfZwNcTGMvyqsa}, 17572: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Let the dough soften at room temperature for 10 minutes. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Lay the pie crust on the parchment paper. Spread the fig jam on the crust, leaving a 2inch clean border around the edge. Arrange the plums on top of the jam. Fold the crusts edge inward, pleating as needed leave the center of the tart exposed. Press the dough lightly to seal.nWhisk the egg with 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl brush the egg wash on the dough and sprinkle with the sugar. Bake until the crust is cooked through and golden brown, about 35 minutes. Serve warm with ice cream, if desired.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [1 disk refrigerated pie dough half of a 14ounce package, 14 cup fig jam, 1 pound plums, pitted and cut into 14inch wedges, 1 large egg, 14 cup raw cane sugar, Ice cream, for serving optional], title: OpenFaced Plum Tart, picturelink: 3J6Pl9WNzIVu9tc3.L75rFi8vY1WxJu}, 17573: {instructions: Place 1 thinly sliced English cucumber in a pitcher. For still infused water, add 2 quarts of water. For sparkling water, add 1 quart of seltzer during prep and a second quart just before serving. Refrigerate 2 to 4 hours to allow the cucumber to infuse. Stir well and strain, discarding the cucumber. For serving, add fresh cucumber slices for garnish and plenty of ice. The infused water will keep refrigerated for up to 2 days., ingredients: [], title: CucumberInfused Water, picturelink: nBMbenbBNas0nzVWoPHOOrbMAlcLvK}, 17574: {instructions: Special equipment: parchment papernPosition 2 racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Cut four 16inch long sheets of parchment paper. Fold each sheet in half and open it like a book. Divide the pieces of parchment between 2 baking sheets 2 pieces per sheet.nToss the cauliflower, butternut squash, chickpeas, diced tomatoes, olive oil, curry powder, garlic, ginger, and 2 12 teaspoons salt together in a large bowl. Divide the vegetables between the 4 sheets of parchment, placing them on one side of the fold. Drizzle 2 teaspoons water over each serving of vegetables.nFold over the top half of the parchment, crimping and overlapping small folds along the open edge to seal tightly. Bake until the parchment puffs and becomes golden, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, place couscous in a heatproof bowl. Bring 1 cup of water to a boil and carefully pour over the couscous. Stir and cover with plastic wrap. After 5 minutes, uncover and fluff with a fork.nTransfer each pack to a plate. Avoiding the hot steam, carefully cut open. Serve with couscous, yogurt and lime wedges., ingredients: [1 cup plain couscous, 3 cups small cauliflower florets about 12 of a small head, 1 cup diced butternut squash about chickpeasized, One 15.5ounce can lowsodium chickpeas, drained and rinsed, One 14.5ounce can nosaltadded diced tomatoes, drained, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons curry powder no salt added, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, 1 teaspoon finely grated ginger, Kosher salt, 12 cup lowfat plain yogurt, for serving, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Curry Vegetables with Couscous Parchment Pack, picturelink: S12y7S7IlH0yVylILWgxQPEejoHhBHq}, 17575: {instructions: Remove the stems from the Shiitake mushrooms and wipe the caps with a damp cloth. If the mushrooms are small, leave them whole if large, cut them into halves or quarters. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Add the garlic and cook over high heat, stirring, until it is golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms and the sesame oil. Stir well, cover and continue cooking over high heat for 3 to 5 minutes, or until the mushrooms are tender. Add the soy sauce, lemon juice, scallions, jalapeno pepper, if using, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook for 1 minute, or until the mushrooms have absorbed the sauce. Remove from the heat. Spoon the mushrooms and the sauce into a serving bowl. Serve at room temperature or cold. Variation: You can also broil the mushrooms. In a large bowl, mix them with the olive oil, garlic, sesame oil, soy sauce, lemon juice, scallions and jalapeno pepper, if using. Place them, gill sides up, on a shallow pan, pour any leftover marinade over them and broil for 2 to 3 minutes, or until they are soft., ingredients: [1 pound small fresh Shiitake mushrooms, preferably 1 to 1 12 inches in diameter, 12 cup olive oil, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 scallions, white part only, chopped, 12 fresh jalapeno pepper, finely diced optional, Coarse or kosher salt, Freshly ground pepper], title: Spiced Shiitake Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 17576: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large Dutch oven or pot over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Whisk in the flour and cook until golden, 3 to 4 minutes, then gradually whisk in the halfandhalf until smooth. Add the chicken broth, bay leaves and nutmeg, then season with salt and pepper and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook, uncovered, until thickened, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, prepare the bread bowls: Using a sharp knife, cut a circle into the top of each loaf, leaving a 1inch border all around. Remove the bread top, then hollow out the middle with a fork or your fingers, leaving a thick bread shell.nAdd the broccoli and carrot to the broth mixture and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Discard the bay leaves. Puree the soup in batches in a blender until smooth youll still have flecks of carrot and broccoli. Return to the pot. Or puree the soup in the pot with an immersion blender.nAdd the cheese to the soup and whisk over medium heat until melted. Add up to 34 cup water if the soup is too thick. Ladle into the bread bowls and garnish with cheese.nPhotograph by Kate Mathis, ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, chopped, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups halfandhalf, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 bay leaves, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 7 inch sourdough bread boules round loaves, 4 cups broccoli florets about 1 head, 1 large carrot, diced, 2 12 cups about 8 ounces grated sharp white and yellow cheddar cheese, plus more for garnish], title: AlmostFamous BroccoliCheddar Soup, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 17577: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a very large blender or food processor. It may be necessary to do this in 2 batches just add 12 of each ingredient and then repeat. Blend for 1 minute, or until thoroughly combined and mixture is smooth. Pour sauce into a large bowl.nUse when grilling chicken brush lightly over the chicken during the last few minutes of grilling. This sauce is also great for dipping set some sauce aside for passing at the table., ingredients: [1 quart mayonnaise, 34 quart apple cider vinegar, 12 cup corn syrup, 14 tablespoon cayenne pepper, Prepared horseradish, Lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Big Bob Gibsons Alabama White BBQ Sauce, picturelink: XwFf0LLY1xFMiYtClOanQXF24KvqEW}, 17578: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine avocados, white beans and garlic. Mash with a fork until chunky. Fold in cilantro and lime juice. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [2 ripe Hass avocados, pitted and peeled, 12 cup drained canned white beans, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Chunky White BeanAvocado Dip, picturelink: TmIDPyaHF606sVSWJV0l6d095lusOLi}, 17579: {instructions: Special equipment: 8in 20cm ovenproof skillet. If you dont have one, cook the tomatoes in a skillet, then transfer to an 8in 20cm cake pan for bakingnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C.nPlace the tomatoes in the skillet with the vegetable oil, salt and pepper, and honey or sugar. Arrange together as tightly as possible. Sprinkle the tomatoes with the bread crumbs  this will soak up some of the juice which come out of the tomatoes during cooking. On a wellfloured counter, roll out a circle of puff pastry the same size as the top of the skillet. Place the puff pastry over the tomatoes, tucking it around them so the tomatoes are encased. Brush the pastry with the lightly beaten egg on the top only. It does seem a bit pointless, as this will be the underneath of the tart, but I like that bit of extra crunch that it adds to the pastry and it looks so much more presentable for that minute before you turn it upside downnBake in the oven for 20 to 30 minutes, or until the puff pastry is well puffed and golden brown. Remove from the oven and let sit for a few minutes, then tip away the excess liquid if any and put a large plate upside down on top of the skillet. Using oven gloves, press the plate down hard and then quickly flip the whole thing so the skillet is upside down and the plate is on the bottom. I do this over the sink because there is usually some leakage Remove the skillet. Once the tart is cold, rip up some basil or mint leaves and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil. Add salt and pepper if required. Serve cold with cold meats, cheeses, olives, or salads., ingredients: [50 vineripened cherry tomatoes, 2 tbsp vegetable oil, Large pinch of sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 squidge of honey or 1 tbsp superfine sugar, Handful of bread crumbs, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 lb 2oz500g homemade or storebought puff pastry, 1 egg, lightly beaten, Small bunch of fresh basil or mint leaves, 2 tbsp extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Tomato and Basil Tarte Tatin, picturelink: null}, 17580: {instructions: Combine pulled pork, corn, and peppers in saute pan on medium heat. Stir and saute until mixture binds together. Season with salt and pepper. Lay wonton wrapper flat, spread  of the pulled pork mixture thinly to 14inch from the edges. Place  of a smoked pork loin in center of wrap. Fold edges in and roll. Repeat 3 times. Reserve until ready to cook.nRender bacon in a pan. Caramelize onions with bacon. Once bacon is crisp, add beans and water. Let simmer until tender.nPreheat a pot of oil or a fryer to 360 degrees F.nDeep fry wrap until crisp and warm throughout. Remove and drain on paper towels. Cut on bias.nTo plate: Place mashed potatoes on center of plate, position the sliced wrap standing on end in the potatoes, and encircle the entree with beans and sauce.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nTrim the pork butt of excess fat. Score the pork butt by cutting a crisscross pattern 14inch into the meat. Rub the barbecue spice into the pork. Place the pork into a roasting pan fitted with a rack and cover with foil or a lid. Cook to an internal temperature of 150 degrees F.nRemove from the oven and allow to cool. Once cool, shred by hand, removing bone and any excess fat.nCombine salt, sugar, apple juice, pepper, cinnamon, clove, and thyme and stir to dissolve salt and sugar. Add pork and brine, refrigerated, for 6 hours. Remove from the brine and dry on a rack over a sheet pan for 1 hour, in the refrigerator.nPrepare a stovetop smoker with apple wood chips. Smoke pork until cooked through.nIn a heavybottomed saucepan, render the bacon until golden brown. Add the onions and cook until caramelized. Add the ancho peppers and the brown sugar and cook until the mixture begins to bubble. Remove the pan from the heat and carefully add the bourbon. Return to the heat and cook until the mixture is reduced to a syrup. Add the black pepper and the veal jus and simmer until desired flavor. Strain.nIn a large stockpot, add the oil and heat. Add the onions, carrots, and celery and cook until caramelized. Add veal stock, veal bones, bay leaf, and peppercorns and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook for at least 2 12 hours, skimming off any fat or foam as necessary. Combine the cornstarch and water in a small bowl to make a slurry. Add to the jus and bring to a boil to thicken., ingredients: [8 ounces pulled pork butt, recipe follows, 2 ears roasted corn, cut from cob, 2 large roasted red bell peppers, Salt and pepper, 4 large wonton wrappers, 24 ounces smoked pork tenderloin, recipe follows, 2 strips bacon, chopped, 2 ounces Vidalia onion, chopped, 8 ounces green beans, trimmed, 8 ounces wax beans, trimmed, 4 ounces water, 2 large baking potatoes, like russets, cooked and mashed, 10 ounces Ancho Bourbon Sauce, recipe follows, 1 bonein pork butt, 12 cup barbecue spice, 2 pork tenderloins, 1 cup salt, 2 cups sugar, 1 quart apple juice, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon clove, 1 teaspoon thyme, 12 cup diced peppercured bacon, 1 small onion, diced, 2 ancho peppers, 8 ounces brown sugar, 2 cups bourbon, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 quart veal jus, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 8 ounces onions, chopped, 4 ounces celery, chopped, 4 ounces carrots, chopped, 1 quart veal stock, 1 pound veal bones, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon cracked black peppercorns, 1 ounce cornstarch, 1 tablespoon water], title: Smoked Pork Tenderloin with Roasted Iowa Corn Wrap, picturelink: null}, 17581: {instructions: Scrub potatoes to remove any dirt. Prick all over with a fork. Microcook the potatoes on high for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the potatoes are fork tender but firm. Combine the honey, wine, garlic, thyme, salt, and pepper in a small bowl and mix well. Brush the vegetables with the honey marinade. Place the vegetables on skewers, if desired.nLightly oil the grill rack with vegetable oil. Heat the grill until the coals are somewhat gray with ash the flame should be low. Place the skewered or loose potatoes, zucchini, eggplant, green pepper, red pepper, and onion directly on the greased grill. Grill the vegetables for about 10 minutes, brushing them with the honey marinade every few minutes and turning them after 5 minutes., ingredients: [12 small red potatoes, halved, 14 cup honey, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, crushed, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 zucchini, cut into quarters, 1 medium eggplant, sliced 12inch thick, 1 green bell pepper, cut vertically into eighths, 1 red bell pepper, cut vertically into eighths, 1 large yellow onion, sliced into 12inch thick pieces], title: HoneyGrilled Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 17582: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, cayenne, sugar, celery seed, apple cider vinegar, and salt and black pepper, to taste, until thoroughly combined. Reserve.nUsing a large holed grater attachment for a food processor, grate the cabbage, carrots, red onion, sweet potato, and apples. Remove to a large serving bowl and toss with the reserved dressing. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours., ingredients: [34 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup yellow mustard, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon celery seed, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 green cabbage, 12 red cabbage, 2 medium carrots, peeled, 12 red onion, 1 sweet potato, peeled, 1 large unpeeled Gala apple, 1 large unpeeled Granny Smith apple], title: Neelys Rainbow Slaw, picturelink: lROfn4CjPQGv.NcVpWMAg87aENRJKu}, 17583: {instructions: Stir together the gin, elderflower liqueur, limeade, cucumber slices and wine in a carafe or pitcher. Wrap and refrigerate until chilled and the cucumbers infuse the mixture, about 3 hours. Serve over ice in small rocks glasses. Garnish each drink with a mint sprig., ingredients: [8 ounces cucumber and roseinfused gin, such as Hendricks Gin, 8 ounces elderflower liqueur, such as St. Germain, 1 cup limeade, storebought or homemade, 1 medium English cucumber, cut into round slices about 3 cups, One 750milliliter bottle dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish, Ice, for serving], title: MakeAhead CucumberElderflower Sangria, picturelink: qFHaaKERjhQfM4LlNyfcaAJFMdKg3NK}, 17584: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F and place a rack in the center of the oven.nPlace the berries in a 12inch highsided skillet or braiser set over medium heat. Stir in 1 tablespoon of the flour, 14 cup of the sugar, 14 teaspoon of the cinnamon and the lemon juice. Cook until all the juices release, 5 minutes.nTo make the crumble topping, in a medium bowl combine the oats, peanut butter, brown sugar, the remaining 14 cup granulated sugar and the remaining 34 cup flour. Mix with a spoon until combined. Pour the butter into the dry crumble mixture and stir to achieve a crumble consistency. Spoon dollops of the crumble mixture over the berry mixture. Bake until the topping is crisp, 20 minutes. Cool the crumble for 5 minutes, then serve., ingredients: [6 cups fresh or frozen blackberries, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 cup quickcooking oats, 13 cup chunky peanut butter, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 18 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Chunky Blackberry and Peanut Butter Crumble, picturelink: SemSq1U8.Bube.ZlJnxkpJgYsH7XmVy}, 17585: {instructions: Special equipment: 4inch wooden skewersnIn a Dutch oven over medium heat, fill halfway with the oil and heat to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, seafood seasoning, salt and cayenne until combined.nIn small batches, dredge the stillwet pickled carrots, jalapenos and dill pickles in the breading, and toss to coat. Fry the pickles in batches, being careful not to overcrowd the oil, until golden, about 5 minutes. Repeat with the remaining pickles. Drain on a papertowellined plate.nStack 6 fried pickles, alternating varieties, on a 4inch skewer. Serve with a bowl of Angry Sauce. Prepare for a barrage of high fives from your bros.nMix the mayonnaise, chile paste, vinegar, soy sauce, ginger, sugar and garlic in a bowl. Adjust the seasoning if necessary., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 1 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, One 8ounce jar pickled carrots, such as from a jar of vinegarpacked giardiniera, One 8ounce jar pickled jalapenos, One 8ounce jar sliced dill pickles, Angry Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup Japanese mayonnaise, 14 cup chile paste, such as Sambal, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon zested ginger, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 clove garlic, zested, Kosher salt and pepper, optional], title: The Leaning Tower of Pickles, picturelink: uDE0iyal.a.t90KNiugDnonvh1evlm}, 17586: {instructions: Over gas flame or on barbecue grill roast chiles until charred on all sides. Place in a paper bag for 20 minutes. Peel off blackened skin, remove seeds and membranes and chop into coarse pieces.nIn a large heavy stew pot heat bacon over high heat and saute until 3 tablespoons of fat are rendered. Reserve bacon for another use or discard. Add onion and garlic and saute until onion browns. In a large bowl mix together ancho chile molido, salt and masa harina. Add pork and toss to coat in spice mix. Push onion to sides of pot and add seasoned pork cubes, turning several times until wellbrowned. Stir together pork and onions, add stock, scraping up any browned bits from bottom of pan, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to simmering and add roasted poblano. Stir well, cover and cook about 2 hours, or until pork is very tender. If using cumin, add 5 minutes before end of cooking. Taste and season with salt and pepper if needed. Serve with warm corn tortillas and garnish as desired with cumin, posole, lime juice, cilantro, or extra chopped roasted chiles., ingredients: [10 fresh Poblano chiles about 2 pounds, 3 thin slices bacon, 12 cup coarsely chopped onion, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon Ancho chile molido or chili powder available in Latin American markets, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons masa harina available in Latin American markets, 2 pounds boneless pork, cut in 12inch cubes, 3 cups chicken stock, 12 teaspoon ground cumin optional, Salt and pepper], title: New Mexican Chile Verde, picturelink: null}, 17587: {instructions: Heat the oil in a skillet over medium low heat. Saute the onions with salt and pepper until soft but not brown, about 5 minutes. Add the fennel and cook 3 to 5 minutes more. Set aside to cool.nTransfer the onion mixture to a bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and mix well. The relish can be refrigerated overnight.nHeat a grill. Brush fillets with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side.nTo serve, place fish on a serving platter or individual plates and top with relish., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 1 large red onion, diced, 3 fennel bulbs, trimmed, washed and thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 2 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded and minced, 12 cup pitted black olives, roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 bunch parsley, chopped, 4 to 6 6ounce grouper fillets, skinned, Olive oil for brushing fish, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grouper with Fennel and Olive Relish, picturelink: null}, 17588: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine cheeses in a bowl with flour. Add beer to a small pot and bring up to a bubble over medium heat. Reduce the heat to simmer and add cheese in handfuls. Stir constantly, melting the cheese in batches. Stir in a figureeight pattern with wooden spoon. When the cheese has been incorporated fully, stir in the mustard, hot sauce and Worcestershire sauce. Transfer fondue to warm fondue pot.nIn a large skillet, bring 2inches of water to a boil and blanch the cauliflower for 2 to 3 minutes, drain and arrange around the fondue pot.nIn the same pan, bring the cooking water back to a boil and add the mini franks and sliced wursts. Cook, uncovered until all the liquid has evaporated. Add 1 tablespoon butter to the pan to crisp the casings. Pile wursts and dogs near fondue. Complete the dipping selections with dishes of pickles, onions and cubed bread., ingredients: [1 sack, 10 ounces, 2 12 cups, shredded sharp Cheddar, available on dairy aisle, 14 to 13 pound, 4 to 6 ounces, Gruyere, shredded, 1 rounded tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup German lager beer, 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard, A few drops hot sauce, A few drops Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 pounds cubed or thick sliced and browned wursts: knock, brat or brot,, 1 package mini party franks recommended: Boars Head, 1 head cauliflower, separated into florets, 1 small jar mini Gherkin pickles, drained, 1 small jar pickled onions, available on vegetable aisle, 1 small, round loaf rye, pumpernickel or sour dough bread, cubed], title: German Cheddar and Beer Fondue, picturelink: GYXeeYOblLM08I5PYW2W8DAskWa7mXi}, 17589: {instructions: Add the blackberries to a medium bowl and sprinkle the sugar over in an even layer. Mix them together and mash with a fork. Let the mixture sit for 20 minutes. Add any extra juices from the watermelon, up to 2 tablespoons, to the berry mixture and stir to combine.nTo serve, arrange 1 cup of the watermelon cubes into an X shape in a banana split dish. Place one scoop of the ice cream in the middle. Scatter 2 tablespoons of the blackberry sauce over the ice cream. Top with a dollop of whipped cream, 1 or 2 cherries and a tablespoon of nuts. Repeat for the remaining servings., ingredients: [1 cup blackberries, 12 tablespoon sugar, 4 cups 1inch cubed watermelon, chilled about 2 pounds, 4 scoops strawberry ice cream or your favorite flavor, Whipped cream, for garnish, 4 to 8 maraschino cherries, 14 cup toasted slivered almonds or peanuts, chopped], title: Kids Can Make: Watermelon Split, picturelink: tP5U4etMtEoVTlrgG8sa9nC08600dG}, 17590: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice about 2 inches deep through the top of the bread and continue to cut a large rectangle, being careful not to cut through the bottom of the bread. Remove top of bread and hollow out middle to create a rectangular bread bowl. Set aside.nWhisk together cream cheese, sour cream, mayonnaise, hot sauce, ranch seasoning, salt, chili powder, cumin, paprika, garlic powder and onion powder in a bowl until well combined. Stir in blue cheese, 34 cup Cheddar and 34 cup mozzarella, followed by chicken.nSpoon Buffalo chicken dip into prepared French bread and top with remaining Cheddar and mozzarella cheeses. Bake on a baking tray for 35 to 45 minutes or until cheese is melted and golden brown. Let bread sit approximately 10 minutes to set and slightly cool, then slice. Best served warm. Garnish with blue cheese if desired., ingredients: [1 large loaf French bread, 12 ounces cream cheese, softened, 13 cup sour cream, 13 cup mayonnaise, 14 to 34 cup hot sauce, such as Franks Original, 1 packet dry ranch dressing seasoning mix, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 14 cup blue cheese crumbles up to 12 cup if you LOVE blue cheese, plus more to garnish, optional only if you love it, 1 cup freshly grated sharp Cheddar cheese, separated, 1 cup mozzarella cheese, separated, 4 cups packed shredded cooked chicken about 1 12 pounds], title: Buffalo ChickenStuffed French Bread, picturelink: iWVIn8fSB0adXZtwWwsZKa5dCMRmKxa}, 17591: {instructions: Blend 10 to 15 seconds and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 cup apple juice, 2 tablespoons soybean powder anatomy elixir, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup yogurt, 3 to 4 strawberries, 12 peach, 34 cup ice], title: Peach Strawberry, picturelink: null}, 17592: {instructions: On each dinner plate make a wreath of romaine. Make an inner circle with onions and grapefruit. Pour over dressing., ingredients: [12 medium romaine lettuce leaves, ribs removed, Thin slices of red onion, cut into thin half moons, 4 pink grapefruit, peeled, cut into supremes, Lime dressing: mayonnaise, thinned with lime juice salt and crushed red pepper.], title: Grapefruit, Romaine and Red Onion Salad, picturelink: null}, 17593: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a mediumsized bowl, beat together egg yolks and cornstarch. Set aside. In a large saucepan bring the cream, sugar and vanilla bean and seeds to a boil over mediumlow heat. Add the white chocolate chips, then reduce the heat to low. Temper the egg yolks with a little of the cream mixture, then pour the egg yolks back into the cream. Simmer until the mixture thickens, about 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat and pour the pudding into 6 6ounce ramekins. Refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours.nAdd the strawberries, sugar and lemon juice to a food processor and pulse until smooth. Strain the mixture with a fine mesh strainer into a bowl. Top the puddings with the coulis and garnish with whipped cream and fresh strawberries before serving., ingredients: [4 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 4 cups heavy cream, 12 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 1 cup white chocolate chips, 1 pound frozen strawberries, thawed, 14 cup sugar, 12 lemon, juiced, Whipped cream, to garnish, Fresh strawberries, to garnish], title: Justins Favorite Pudding with Strawberry Sauce, picturelink: 7.QEdieuqNCxdlIA4hZLkBTgkiyXD6}, 17594: {instructions: In a small bowl, use a whisk to whip all the ingredients together until light and creamy, 1 to 2 minutes. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 5 days., ingredients: [15 ounces425 grams partskim ricotta, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon grated lemon zest], title: Honeyed Ricotta, picturelink: null}, 17595: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a small pan over medium heat add maple syrup and brown sugar and cook, stirring, until sugar dissolves. Bring to a boil and cook for another 2 minutes remove from heat and set aside. When the mixture has cooled a bit, pour it into a 9inch baking pan and arrange pear slices in an overlapping circle on top. With a handheld or standing mixer, beat the remaining 8 tablespoons butter and the granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Add vanilla and eggs, one egg at a time, continuing to mix until smooth. In a separate bowl, combine flour, baking powder, and salt. Add flour mixture to butter mixture in 3 batches, alternating with milk do not overmix. Carefully spread the batter over pears, using a spatula to make sure it is evenly distributed. Bake until top of cake is golden brown and edges begin to pull away from sides of pan, about 45 to 50 minutes a toothpick inserted into center should come out clean. Let cake cool for 5 minutes. Run a knife around edge of pan put a plate on top of cake and carefully flip it so plate is on bottom and pan is on top. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [11 tablespoons butter, 34 cup maple syrup, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 3 to 4 pears, peeled, cored and thinly sliced, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 large eggs, 1 12 cups flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup milk], title: Maple Pear UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: null}, 17596: {instructions: Bring pasta water to boil and salt it. Cook pasta to al dente.nWhile pasta cooks, heat a large, deep skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add extravirgin olive oil to pan with the bacon. Cook bacon 3 minutes. Add onions and celery and cook 3 minutes more. Add bell pepper and cook another minute or two. Add flour and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk in stock, then milk. When milk bubbles, add crab and corn to heat through, another minute. Stir in cheese, thyme and cayenne pepper. Melt cheese into sauce. Drain pasta and toss with cheese, crab and corn sauce. Adjust seasoning. Ladle in bowls and garnish with chives., ingredients: [1 box large shell pasta, Salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 turn of the pan, 3 slices bacon, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, with greens, 12 small red bell pepper, chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup milk, 2 cups shredded sharp white Cheddar, 1 6ounce tub lump fresh crabmeat, flaked, 1 cup frozen corn kernels, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, Couple pinches cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped or snipped fresh chives], title: Crab and Corn ChowdaMac, picturelink: null}, 17597: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.n1 head Boston lettuce, leaves separated, cleaned and dried In a skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the vegetable oil and saute beef until brown. Stir in ginger, scallions, garlic, soy sauce, red pepper flakes, and hoisin and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and stir in the peanuts. Season with salt and pepper and serve warm wrapped in lettuce cups., ingredients: [2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 pound ground beef, 2inch piece ginger, peeled and finely grated, 2 scallions, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 14 cup chopped peanuts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Asian Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: bZC5SoabLV1rTaWqZfOQdWtBrQnvL.S}, 17598: {instructions: Sponge Starter:n1 12 cups 12 ounces very warm water 105 degrees F to 115 degrees Fn14 teaspoon active dry yeastn3 12 cups 16 ounces unbleached allpurpose flournMix all the ingredients together in a medium bowl and stir vigorously with a wooden spoon for 2 to 3 minutes until a smooth, somewhat elastic batter has formed. The batter will be very stiff it gets softer and more elastic after it has proofed. You may find it easier to mix the sponge using an electric mixer, with a paddle or a dough hook, on medium speed for 1 to 2 minutes. Scrape the sponge into a 2quart clear plastic container and cover with plastic wrap. At this point you have two options:nIf you plan to make your dough later that same day, let the sponge rest at room temperature until it has risen to the point where it just begins to collapse. This may take 6 to 8 hours, depending on the temperature of the room and the strength of the yeast. The sponge will triple in volume and small dents will begin to appear in the top as it reaches its peak and then begins to deflate. The sponge is now in perfect condition to be used in a dough. Its best if you have already weighted or measured out all of your other recipe ingredients before the sponge reaches this point so you can use it before it collapses too much.nIf youre not planning to make your dough until the next day or the day after, put the covered sponge in the refrigerator and let it rise there for at least 14 hours before taking it out to use in a recipe. Be sure to compensate for the cold temperature of the starter by using warm water 85 degrees to 90 degrees F in the dough instead of the cool water specified in the bread recipe. Or let the starter sit out, covered until it reaches room temperature this may take several hours, but dont let it collapse too much before you use it.nYield: 28 ouncesnCombine the warm water and yeast in a large bowl and stir with a fork to dissolve the yeast. Let stand for 3 minutes.nAdd the cool water and sponge starter to the yeast mixture and mix with your fingers for about 2 minutes, breaking up the sponge. The mixture should look milky and slightly foamy.nAdd the flour and salt and mix with your fingers to incorporate the flour, scraping the sides of the bowl and folding the ingredients together until the dough gathers into a mass. It will be wet and sticky, with long strands of dough hanging from your fingers. If the dough is not sticky, add 1 tablespoon of water.nMove the dough to a lightly floured surface and knead for about 5 minutes, until it becomes supple and fairly smooth. This is a sticky, wet dough dont be tempted to add more flour to the work surface. Just dust lightly and use a dough scraper as necessary to loosen the dough from the table during kneading. Allow the dough to rest for 15 minutes, covered with oiled plastic wrap. This rest period is the autolyse.nKnead the dough 3 to 5 minutes, until it is stretchy and smooth, yet still slightly sticky. Shape the dough into a loose ball, place it in a lightly oiled bowl, and turn the dough in the bowl to coat with oil. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and let the dough rise at room temperature 75 to 77 degrees for about 1 hour, or until the dough looks slightly puffy but has not doubled.nPlace the dough in the refrigerator for at least 8 hours, or preferably, overnight to let it relax, develop flavor, and become more manageable.nTake the dough from the refrigerator and let it sit at room temperature for 1 to 2 hours, until it begins to warm up and starts to rise.nFlour a work surface well and gently dump the dough onto it. Divide the dough into three equal pieces, about 13 ounces each. Gently flatten one piece, pressing out some of the air bubbles, and stretch it into a rectangle. Fold the top third down and the bottom third up as if you were folding a business letter. Now form the loaf into a short baguette by rolling the dough over from left to right and sealing the seam with the heel of your palm. Fold the dough over about 1 3 of the way each time, seal the length of the loaf, then repeat. You want to gently draw the skin tight over the surface of the loaf while leaving some air bubbles in the dough.nSeal the seam, being careful not to tear the skin of the dough or deflate its airy structure. Do not elongate. These loaves are about 10 inches long. Cover an area on the work surface with a thick layer of flour and place the loaf, seam side down, on the flour. Repeat with remaining pieces of dough. The loaves will be loose and slightly irregular in shape. Leave plenty of space between the loaves they will spread as they rise. Cover the loaves with well oiled plastic and let them rise for 1 to 2 hours, until bubbly and loose.nThirty minutes before baking, preheat the oven to 475 degrees. Place a baking stone in the oven to preheat and position an oven rack just below the stone.nSprinkle a peel very generously with cornmeal. Line an upsidedown baking sheet with parchment paper and sprinkle very generously with cornmeal. Lift one loaf, flip it over so the floured side is on top, and gently tug on the ends to stretch the loaf to the full length of the peel, or about 14 inches on a pan. Repeat with the remaining loaves, placing 2 on the peel and 1 on the pan. Dimple each loaf with your finger in about 6 places, but dont deflate them too much. Be sure the loaves are loosened from the peel, then carefully slide them onto the baking stone. Place the pan of bread on the rack below the stone. Using a plant sprayer, quickly mist the loaves with water 8 to 10 times, then quickly shut oven door. Mist the loaves again after 1 minute. Then mist again 1 minute later.nBake for about 10 minutes, then reduce the temperature to 450 degrees and bake 15 minutes longer or until the loaves sound slightly hollow when tapped on the bottom and the crust is a medium to dark brown. If the crust is not brown enough, the loaves will soften as they cool. Transfer the bread to a rack to cool for at least 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [14 cup, 2 ounces very warm water 105 to 115 degrees, 34 teaspoon active dry yeast, 1 cup, 8 ounces cool water  75 degrees, 1 12 cups, 12 ounces Sponge Starter, recipe follows, 3 12 cups, 16 ounces unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon, plus 1 teaspoon Kosher salt], title: Amys Crusty Italian Loaf, picturelink: null}, 17599: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the vinegar, herbs, mustard, powders if using and oil in a large resealable plastic bag. Close the bag and shake to combine all the ingredients. Open the bag, drop in the chicken breast in the bag. Close and shake the bag to coat evenly. Freeze for up to 2 weeks.nThaw in the refrigerator overnight, under cold, running water, or in the microwave at 30 percent power for 1 minute at a time.nHeat a grill or grill pan. When the grill is hot, place the chicken on the grill and cook for about 4 minutes per side, or until cooked through. You can also bake the thawed chicken in a 375 degree F oven for 15 minutes, or until cooked through., ingredients: [1 to 2 tablespoons vinegar, like cider, balsamic, or red wine, 2 to 3 teaspoons dried herbs, like thyme, oregano, rosemary, or crumbled bay leaf, 1 to 2 tablespoons mustard, whole grain or Dijon, 1 to 2 teaspoon garlic or onion powder, optional, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast, each about 6 ounces], title: Marinated Chicken Breasts, picturelink: fT3Ajqm2eOzZAtdV.sEN96ViiYRDvt.}, 17600: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F with a rack set on the middle shelf.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the coconut butter in a large straightsided skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. It might brown a little, but thats okay. Add the onions and 12 teaspoon salt and cook until slightly softened, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Add the jalapeno and ginger and cook until softened and the onions have started to brown slightly, stirring constantly, about 5 minutes. If the onion mixture begins to stick to the skillet, add 1 to 2 tablespoons water to release the brown bits. Stir in the curry powder and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in the coconut milk, 12 cup water and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer. Simmer, uncovered, for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, toss the panko with the remaining coconut butter and 12 teaspoon salt.nZest and juice 1 lime. Gently stir in the lime zest and juice, the tofu and zucchini to the curry. Season with salt if needed.nEvenly divide the curry into six 8ounce ovenproof ramekins. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the breadcrumbs on top of each ramekin. Place the ramekins on a baking sheet and place in the oven. Bake until the breadcrumbs are light golden brown and the curry is bubbling, 12 to 15 minutes. Let the curry sit for 5 minutes at room temperature before serving.nCut the remaining lime into wedges and serve alongside the curry pot pies., ingredients: [13 cup coconut butter, melted, 1 large onion, 12inch dice about 2 cups, Kosher salt, 1 jalapeno, seeded if desired, finely diced, One 2inch knob ginger, peeled and finely grated, 2 tablespoons curry powder, One 14ounce can coconut milk, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 limes, 7 ounces firm tofu, cut into 12inch cubes about 12 block, 1 medium zucchini, 12inch dice about 2 cups], title: Curried Pot Pies, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 17601: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the potatoes in half or quarters and place in a bowl with the olive oil, salt, pepper, and garlic toss until the potatoes are well coated. Transfer the potatoes to a sheet pan and spread out into 1 layer. Roast in the oven for 45 minutes to 1 hour or until browned and crisp. Flip twice with a spatula during cooking in order to ensure even browning.nRemove the potatoes from the oven, toss with parsley, season to taste, and serve hot., ingredients: [3 pounds small red or white potatoes, 14 cup good olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced garlic 6 cloves, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley], title: Garlic Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 17602: {instructions: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add the barley, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer 7 minutes add the blackeyed peas and continue cooking until both the barley and blackeyed peas are tender, about 5 more minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water.nWhisk the olive oil, vinegar, mayonnaise, 34 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Add the greens, ham, tomatoes, radishes, scallions, pickles, barley and blackeyed peas and toss. Divide among plates.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [34 cup quickcooking barley, 2 cups frozen blackeyed peas, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons light mayonnaise, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 7 ounces mixed baby greens about 12 cups, 34 pound deli ham preferably low sodium, in 1 piece, chopped, 1 12 cups cherry tomatoes, halved, 5 radishes, chopped, 4 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped dill pickles or cornichons], title: Barley Salad With Ham and BlackEyed Peas, picturelink: rHme2yXxYd1WdnqM6WPlXfE.k7rom}, 17603: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cut the celery stalks into 2inch pieces reserve the leaves. Boil the celery until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water, then spin in a salad spinner and pat dry. Pulse the celery in a food processor until chopped. Squeeze handfuls of the puree in a kitchen towel to remove excess water.nHeat 14 cup olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the celery puree, 13 cup parsley, 2 teaspoons minced garlic and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, until soft, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool. Reserve the skillet.nMix the eggs, breadcrumbs and parmesan into the celery mixture. Roll into about 16 small balls refrigerate until firm, 20 to 30 minutes.nHeat the remaining 14 cup olive oil in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the celery balls and cook, turning, until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain. Pour off half of the oil from the skillet. Add the tomato paste, the remaining 1 teaspoon minced garlic and the red pepper flakes cook over medium heat until the garlic starts to brown, about 1 minute. Add 23 cup water and whisk until emulsified, about 30 seconds. Return the celery balls to the sauce and heat through. Add the reserved celery leaves and the remaining 2 tablespoons parsley.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 3 teaspoons minced garlic about 3 cloves, Freshly ground pepper, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 34 cup breadcrumbs, 12 cup finely grated parmesan cheese about 2 ounces, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, Pinch of red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 1 large bunch celery], title: Celery Polpette, picturelink: FKlkt21ssS7gXI1am2sjlHlfsuiZyi}, 17604: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Preheat a grill or grill pan.nCombine the chile spice blend, cocoa powder, and coffee together in a bowl and rub lightly on the pork loin. Season the pork with salt, and pepper. Grill the pork loin for 2 minutes on each side, or until browned, and transfer to the oven until an internal temperature of 135 degrees F.nMeanwhile, heat a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add butter to the pan. Add the apples and pears and start stirring immediately. The idea is to not cook the fruit very much. Add the vinegar and sugar, and stir to coat. Cook for 1 minute. Taste the mixture and season with salt, and pepper, to taste.nThinly slice the pork and serve over the chutney with a small amount of frisee simply dressed with a squeeze of fresh orange juice, drizzle of olive oil, and salt, and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chile blend seasoning, 2 tablespoons bittersweet cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons fineground coffee, 1 centercut pork loin, trimmed about 6 ounces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled and smalldiced, 2 Anjou pears, peeled and smalldiced, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, Small head frisee, for serving, Juice of 12 an orange, Olive oil, for garnish], title: CocoaCoffeeChili Seasoned Pork with Pear Apple Chutney, picturelink: hhv43FWXkIn2dexO2ZHXG0nPrsiomaa}, 17605: {instructions: Preheat stovetop or outdoor smoker to approximately 230 degrees F.nTrim the white silver skin from the pork loin and lightly coat the entire loin with olive oil. Sprinkle the rub liberally on all sides of the loin.nPlace pork in the smoker and smoke until internal temperature or pork reaches 150 degrees F, about 1 12 to 2 hours. Remove pork from smoker and wrap lightly in aluminum foil.nMeanwhile, preheat broiler.nPlace the jam in a medium bowl and stir in about 13 of the chipotle sauce. Mix well, adding more chipotle sauce until the heat and taste reach your personal preference.nUnwrap the pork and cover with the glaze. Place on a broiler pan and broil until glaze is bubbling, about 3 minutes. Slice pork against the grain and serve., ingredients: [1 4pound pork loin, Extravirgin olive oil, as needed, 3 tablespoons dry spice rub for pork, 1 10ounce jar seedless raspberry jam, 1 5ounce bottle chipotle hot pepper sauce recommended: Tabasco], title: Smoked Pork Loin with Rasberry Chipotle Glaze, picturelink: null}, 17606: {instructions: With a very sharp knife, cut the halibut into thin broad slices. Place in a bowl, and toss with the lime juice and grapefruit juice. Let sit at room temperature for 15 minutesnMeanwhile, cut the grapefruit in half, at the equator, and using a grapefruit knife, cut out pieces of grapefruit. Slice each piece in half, the long waynWhen ready to serve ceviche, drain the liquid completely from the halibut, and discard liquid. Add grapefruit pieces to the fish, along with garlic, red chiles, green chiles, and mint. Toss gently. Divide among 6 plates, laying out the strips of halibut flatly on each plate. Season with coarse salt, sprinkle with hot sauce, and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil. Serve immediately.nRecommended Wine: Frexinet Brut Cava Cordon Negro, ingredients: [1 pound halibut fillet, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 6 tablespoons freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, 1 whole grapefruit, 12 teaspoon very finely minced garlic, 2 tablespoons very finely minced red chiles, 1 tablespoon very finely minced green chiles, 2 packed tablespoons chiffonade of fresh mint, Garnish: Hot sauce, extra virgin olive oil], title: Halibut Ceviche with Grapefruit and Chiles, picturelink: null}, 17607: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat.nGrate the apple, and squeeze out the excess liquid. This is a great snack for the kids they love the fresh apple juice Mix the grated apple with the applesauce, coconut oil and maple syrup in a large bowl.nStir together the flour, oats, cinnamon, baking powder, nutmeg and salt in a medium bowl. Mix the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients until just combined.nScoop the batter onto the prepared baking sheet using a 14cup measuring cup. Leave 2 inches between each cookie. Bake until lightly golden, 10 to 13 minutes., ingredients: [1 large apple, peeled, 1 cup unsweetened applesauce, 13 cup coconut oil, warm enough to be liquid, 13 cup pure maple syrup, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 18 teaspoon salt], title: AppleCinnamon Breakfast Cookies, picturelink: AspBRuiIicfaD224aur.fhyoo7lkvu}, 17608: {instructions: Add the almond milk, blueberries, almonds, yogurt, chia seeds and flaxseeds to a blender and blend until smooth., ingredients: [2 cups almond milk, 2 cups frozen blueberries, 1 cup whole raw almonds, 1 cup plain Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon chia seeds, 1 tablespoon ground flaxseeds], title: Get Up and Go Smoothie, picturelink: 0U6BPHVHLRzRdCajNRSeyj9gM7gLf4m}, 17609: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a 10inch nonstick Dutch oven over medium heat. Add onions, carrots and bell peppers and saute until soft, about 2 minutes. Add garlic and stir until well mixed. Add cayenne, cumin, paprika, chili powder, oregano, and white pepper saute for 1 minute. Add the turkey legs and stir at least 30 seconds so that legs are completely coated in the spices. Cover with chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low and cover. Cook for 4 hours or until meat is tender and separates easily from the bone. Shred the turkey drumsticks and toss the meat with the dipping sauce. Stuff the pitas with the turkey mixture. Serve immediately.nIn a medium bowl, mix all ingredients together. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour so that flavors meld. Bring to room temperature before tossing the turkey in the sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large yellow onion, sliced about 1 12 cups, 34 cup shredded carrots, 1 red bell pepper, chopped about 1 12 cups, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 12 tablespoon white pepper, 6 turkey drumsticks, skin removed, 3 14ounce cans chicken broth, Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 6 whole wheat pitas, 34 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 cup spicy mustard, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes], title: Louisiana Turkey Pull, picturelink: null}, 17610: {instructions: Poach scallops in salted water with bouquet garni until it is almost cooked and then remove them to a plate lined with paper towel to drain. Reduce the scallop liquid to 1 cup. In another skillet melt butter and onions and cook until softened. Add mushrooms, salt and pepper and cook until mushrooms are softened for about 5 minutes. Then add wine and reduce by half. Add reserve shallot broth and 1 cup cream and reduce until lightly thickened. Season with lemon juice. Return scallops to pan and simmer just until heated through. Garnish with fresh dill., ingredients: [1 pound sea scallops poached in salted water bouquet garni, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup minced onion, 12 pound sliced mushrooms, Salt, Pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup cream, Lemon juice, 2 tablespoons fresh dill or chervil], title: Mushroom Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17611: {instructions: Place the sweet potatoes into a pot of cold water with salt and bring to a rapid boil about 20 minutes. Drain and return back into pot to mash.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the remaining ingredients, except the brown sugar. Allow to simmer over medium heat until butter is melted and mixture is creamy. Pour mixture over potatoes, adding a dash of salt for flavor and stir. Sprinkle potatoes with brown sugar., ingredients: [4 large sweet potatoes, peeled, Salt, for water, plus 12 teaspoon for potato mixture, 34 cup whipping cream, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons molasses, 6 tablespoons butter, 18 cup bourbon, Brown sugar, for garnish], title: Sweet Bourbon Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: jgQQUbhgk92lKhQX50u2hadJwNVu6.}, 17612: {instructions: Combine marinade ingredients in a shallow dish. Turn flank steak in marinade and let stand 15 minutes. The meat can be placed in marinade in the morning and allowed to marinate until suppertime if you enjoy very strong, spicy flavors. The short marinade will result in a milder tasting meat which is more palatable to many nottoohot taste buds.nFollow directions on packaged rice and get it simmering, it will take 18 to 20 minutes.nHeat a grill pan to high heat and sear the flank steak 4 minutes on each side. Reduce heat and cook meat 6 to 8 minutes longer, turning occasionally.nHeat a medium nonstick skillet over high heat. Blister tortillas 30 seconds on each side and stack them on a plate. Loosely wrap tortillas with foil and place them on the dinner table. Add oil to hot pan and sear sliced peppers and onions for fajitas. Season peppers and onions with salt and pepper. Char edges and stirfry the peppers and onions until just tender, 2 or 3 minutes. Transfer to a platter and cover with loose foil to keep hot. Add another tablespoon oil, garlic, jalapeno and chopped onion saute for 2 minutes. Add black beans and spices to the pan and heat through for another 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer beans to a serving dish. Top beans with cilantro and scallions.nRemove meat from grill pan and let it rest 5 minutes for juices to distribute. Transfer peppers and onions to grill to get the sizzle effect going. Slice meat very thin on an angle against the grain. Pile meat on top of cooked peppers and onions and take the hot grill to the table, letting rest on trivets or a cool wire rack. Stack meat and veggies in warm tortillas and enjoy with a side of spicy black beans., ingredients: [23 cup Mexican beer, 12 cup chopped chipotle in adobo sauce, found on international foods aisle, smoky chipotle prepared salsa may be substituted, 1 lime, juiced, Several sprigs fresh thyme, chopped, about 2 tablespoons, 1 12 tablespoons 12 palmful chili powder, A generous drizzle vegetable, corn, or olive oil, Flank steak, 8 8inch flour tortillas, 1 tablespoon vegetable, corn or olive oil, 1 large red bell pepper, seeded and cut into strips, 1 poblano pepper if you market does not carry them, substitute 1 Cubanelle long Italian pepper, 1 medium yellowskinned Spanish onion, cut into thin strips, Salt and pepper, 1 package Spanish style rice, any brand, prepared to directions on the package, 1 tablespoon 1 turn around the pan vegetable, olive, or corn oil, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 1 small white onion, 1 large can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and pepper, Chopped cilantro and sliced scallions, for garnish, optional], title: My Sister Rias Favorite Fajitas, with Black Beans and Rice, picturelink: Z0qcTTMA5R1auc6zcWxDPR56qCkl7q}, 17613: {instructions: 1. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook according to package directions for al dente drain, reserving 2 tablespoons cooking liquid.n2. Meanwhile, cook the pancetta in a large skillet over medium heat until crispy, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic, pecans, and red pepper flakes and cook 1 minute. Add the broth and wine and cook until reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Stir in the butter and cheese.n3. Add the cooked pasta to the skillet and toss to coat. Stir in the radicchio and parsley., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces dried spaghetti, 4 ounces pancetta, diced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup chopped pecans, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup chicken broth, 14 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 small head radicchio, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Spaghetti with Pecans and Radicchio, picturelink: uxx5622F45OTYbPWhiJGr8rVWAy56Ae}, 17614: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the vinegar with some salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified. Place the eggplant, bell peppers, and zucchini in a large shallow baking dish, add half the vinaigrette, cover and let marinate for 30 minutes at room temperature.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nBring a large pot of water to a boil, add 2 tablespoons kosher salt and the couscous and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain well and rinse quickly with cool water, drain again and transfer to a bowl.nRemove the vegetables from the marinade, season with salt and pepper and grill until just cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer the vegetables to a cutting board and coarsely chop. Add the grilled vegetables, tomatoes, basil and oregano to the couscous. Add the remaining vinaigrette, season with salt and pepper and toss. Top with the mozzarella and parsley leaves., ingredients: [12 cup balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup olive oil, 1 Japanese eggplant, halved lengthwise, 1 yellow squash, sliced 14inch thick lengthwise, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and quartered, 1 yellow bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and quartered, 1 zucchini, sliced 14inch thick lengthwise, 2 cups Israeli couscous, 1 pint grape or cherry tomatoes, halved, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, torn, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves, 1 pound fresh mozzarella, finely diced, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves], title: Whole Wheat Israeli Couscous with Ratatouille, Mozzarella and Balsamic Vinaigrette, picturelink: ld0vfNWtpgUWhwDZesrGzoGn3fvVC}, 17615: {instructions: Mix all in a chilled pitcher filled with ice. Pour into chilled glasses and garnish with mint. If desired, place a dollop of leftover cranberry sauce in the bottom of each glass before filling with Seabreeze mixture., ingredients: [1 cup orange juice, 1 cup cranberry juice, 1 cup vodka, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Thanksgivings a Breeze Seabreezes, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 17616: {instructions: Combine vinegar, rum, lime juice, sugar, ginger, lime peel, cinnamon, cloves and salt in small saucepan mix well. Bring mixture to boil then pour boiling mixture over grapes in medium bowl. Let mixture cool at room temperature. Add remaining fruit and refrigerate at least 1 hour or until thoroughly chilled. Remove cinnamon stick and cloves then spoon into individual glass bowls.nNutritional Stats: Calories 270 Protein 1.1g Fat 0.6g Calories from Fat 2 Carbohydrate 58.3g Cholesterol 0 Fiber 2.7g Sodium 104mg., ingredients: [12 cup each white wine vinegar and rum, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons ginger root, julienne, 1 teaspoon lime peel, grated, 1 cinnamon stick about 3inches, 3 whole cloves, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups California seedless grapes, 1 mango, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 1 papaya, peeled, seeded and cut into 1inch cubes, 1 cup fresh or canned pineapple chunks,  Optional, rum may be substituted with 12 cup water and 112 to 2 teaspoons rum extract], title: Spiced Grapes, picturelink: lOdC99Uzcp39Vuc76HDUAgguPIJTwC}, 17617: {instructions: Cut the leeks in half lenghtwise and hold them under running water while flipping through the leaves to rinse out any sand. Cut the leaves 2 or 3 at a time into fine julienne. If the leaves are more than 4 or 5 inches long, fold them under to make them easier to julienne. Juluienne the carrots and turnip into 3 inch lenghts. The easiest way to do this is first to slice them with a benriner cutter a Japanese slicer and then with a chefs knife. Cut the celery stalk into 4inch sections and julienne it as finely as possible. Combine the julienned vegetables, bouquet garni, and just enough water to cover about a quart in a 4quart pot. Simmer gently, partially covered, for 15 minutes. Add the wine and simmer for 10 minutes more. Strain the vegetable broth, reserving the cooked vegetables and broth. About 10 minutes before youre ready to serve, put the cooked vegetables with 14 cup of the broth in a covered saucepan over low heat. Bring the remaining vegetable broth to a simmer in a saute pan just large enough to hold the scallop in a single layer. If the pan is too large, there wont be enough liquid to cover. Gently slide the scallops into the simmering broth. If theres not enough liquid to cover the scallops. Poach the scallops for 8 minutes. Spread 34 quarters of the julienned vegetables in shells. Carefully arrange the scallop on the vegetables. Add the chopped parsley to the simmering poaching liquid, season the liquid with salt and pepper, swirl in 14 cup tarragon butter and ladle enough over the fish to come about a third of the way up the sides of the fish. Arrange the rest of the julienne over the fish., ingredients: [One 114 pounds seascallops with shell, Salt and pepper, 2 medium leeks, including 1 inch of green, 2 large carrots, peeled, 1 celery stalk, 1 bouquet garni: 3 fresh thyme sprigs or 12 teaspoon dried, a small bunch of parsley, and a bay leaf tied up with string or in cheesecloth for dried thyme, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley, 14 cup tarragon butter, 1 medium turnip], title: Sea Scallops a la Nage with Julienned Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 17618: {instructions: In a large skillet over mediumlow heat, melt 3 tablespoons butter. Add garlic and distribute evenly, then add brioche and coat on both sides with garlic butter. Toast over low heat so garlic doesnt burn until slightly brown and crisp. Remove to a plate. Wipe the pan with a paper towel, melt 1 tablespoon butter and add the ham. Cook the ham over medium heat to brown slightly on both sides and to heat through. Remove to a plate.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together eggs, cream, and shallot. In a nonstick skillet over low heat, melt remaining butter. Cook egg mixture over low heat, whisking the entire time so the eggs form little loose curds. Serve eggs over brioche and dollop top with Spinach Pesto.nIn a food processor, pulse to blend, spinach, walnuts, garlic and cheese. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. While machine is running, drizzle in oil until the mixture forms a loose paste. Season, to taste, with pepper.nYield: 1 14 cups, ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 12inch thick slices brioche, 4 14inch thick slices bonein boiled ham, 8 large eggs, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons shallot, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Spinach Pesto, recipe follows, 2 cups baby spinach, 12 cup walnuts, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 3 12 ounces Asiago cheese, cut into chunks, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Spinach Pesto Scrambled Eggs on Garlic Brioche with Country Ham, picturelink: Okafk803hKkkoa16jbCaxHr1WL5K}, 17619: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil for the penne. Before you boil the pasta, set the shrimp in a strainer and dip them in boiling water to cook them through, a few minutes. Drain, cool, pat dry and cut into 12inch pieces. Add the penne to the same boiling water and cook for about 8 to 10 minutes or until tender but still firm. In a food processor puree the green onions, celery, oil, lemon juice, and thyme. Season to taste with Tabasco sauce.nDrain pasta and rinse under cold water to cool thoroughly. Drain again and pat dry.nCombine the pasta, shrimp and toss with the dressing. Right before serving, peel, pit and dice the avocados and add them to the pasta. Toss gently and adjust the seasoning., ingredients: [Salt, 8 ounces penne pasta, 34 pound peeled and deveined shrimp, 2 green onions, roughly chopped, 2 ribs celery, roughly chopped, 14 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, Tabasco sauce, 2 ripe Haas avocados], title: Fiery Shrimp, Avocado and Pasta Salad, picturelink: null}, 17620: {instructions: Put the remaining marinade in a sauce pan with 12 cup water and bring to the boil, reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes. When the tenderloin is done, slice and serve together with the hot marinade., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chili paste, 12 cup orange juice, Juice of 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons tomato ketchup, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons mango chutney finely chopped, 2 pounds pork tenderloin], title: Chili Rubbed Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 17621: {instructions: Pre heat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a medium bowl, combine rhubarb, strawberries, sugar and lemon zest. Transfer to a buttered 8inch baking dish.nFor topping, combine flour, sugar, cinnamon and walnuts, pour in melted butter and toss to combine, tumble over fruit mixture. Bake until fruit is bubbling and topping is browned.nServe warm with softly whipped cream or vanilla creme anglaise., ingredients: [1 12 pounds rhubarb, leaves trimmed, stalks only, cut into 34inch pieces About. 3 cups, 1 pint fresh strawberries, hulled and quartered, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons of flour, 1 teaspoon of lemon zest, freshly grated, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 12 cup all purpose flour, 13 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons cinnamon, Pinch salt, 23 cup chopped walnuts], title: Strawberry Rhubarb Crisp with Walnut Crumb Topping, picturelink: null}, 17622: {instructions: Heat olive oil in deep 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook onion, celery, red pepper and garlic 5 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Stir in broth and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer 5 minutes. Stir in sauces. Simmer, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes. Stir in shrimp and cook, stirring occasionally, 3 minutes or until shrimp turn pink. Stir in hot pepper sauce. Serve shrimp mixture over hot fettuccine., ingredients: [2 Tbsp. olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 rib celery, finely chopped, 1 medium red bell pepper, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 can 1334 oz. low sodium chicken broth, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Tomato  Basil Sauce, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Creamy Alfredo Sauce, 1 lb. uncooked fresh or frozen medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, Hot pepper sauce to taste, 1 box 16 oz. fettuccine, cooked and drained], title: Creamy Shrimp Alfredo With Tomato and Basil, picturelink: nCa4thC1KIKow2sngy24JjJkRrfMdSu}, 17623: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to a low broil. Butter the bread and place on a baking sheet. Broil until golden, 2 to 3 minutes, and remove from the oven.nSpread Miss Dixies Remoulade on both sides of the bread. Layer on the turkey, tomatoes, pepperoncini and romaine. Top with other half of bread and serve immediately.nIn a food processor, add all ingredients and process until smooth, 25 to 35 seconds depending on blender speed. Scrape down sides as needed. Refrigerate until ready to use.nCombine all the ingredients together in a large resealable plastic bag. Place in a bowl, to catch any leaks, and refrigerate 12 to 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nRemove the turkey breast from the brine, drain well and pat dry with paper towels.nPlace the turkey breast, skinside up, on a baking sheet fitted with a wire rack. Place in the oven and cook for 1 hour 15 minutes. Turn the oven up to 400 degrees F and cook for an additional 10 to 15 minutes, or until the internal temperature is 160 degrees F and the skin is nicely browned. Remove from the oven, cover with aluminum foil and let rest for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the grill to medium heat and oil the grates generously with vegetable oil.nOnce the turkey has rested, cut the meat off the bone and carve into 38inch thick slices. Place the slices on the grill and cook 1 to 2 minutes on each side, just until grill marks develop. Remove from the grill., ingredients: [1 whole wheat French baguette, split lengthwise and cut into 3 to 4 equal pieces, 3 tablespoons butter, softened, Miss Dixies Remoulade, recipe follows, 34 pound ButtermilkBrined Turkey Breast, recipe follows, 4 to 5 heirloom tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, 14 cup pepperoncini slices, drained, 1 12 cups shredded romaine lettuce, loosely packed, dark green ends discarded, 23 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup loosely packed Italian flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons Memphisstyle BBQ sauce, 2 tablespoons Creolestyle mustard, 1 teaspoon Sriracha sauce, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 2 green onions, ends trimmed, roughly chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 medium Anaheim pepper, roughly chopped, 13 large red bell pepper, seeds removed, 12 stalk celery, 1 2 12 to 3pound turkey breast, bonein, 3 cups buttermilk, 12 cup hot sauce recommended: Crystal, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon dried basil, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon fresh cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper], title: Grilled Turkey Po Boy, picturelink: 0.JYXClLaicXmJYMSnUvx1OaP5S3d.}, 17624: {instructions: Drain pears over a small saucepot. Reduce syrup over medium high heat 12 to 15 minutes. Stir in liquor and cook 2 minutes longer. Add chocolate and stir to melt. Remove from heat.nSlice pears and place in cocktail glasses. Pour hot chocolate sauce over pears and top glasses with small scoops of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [2 cans pears in heavy syrup, 15 ounces, 4 tablespoons amaretto or dark rum, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate chips or, chop up a bar, 1 pint French vanilla ice cream], title: Pears with Vanilla Ice Cream and Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 17625: {instructions: Season the meat with salt and pepper and saute in one layer in the bottom of a large heavy earthenware casserole stew pot in the oil until well browned.nRemove the meat and set aside in a bowl. Add the onions and jalapeno to the pot and brown until golden. Add the meat when the onion has begun to caramelize, sprinkle with the cumin, stir in the chipotle, garlic, tomatoes, grits, and water. Bring to the boil, reduce to a simmer and allow to cook gently until tender about 1 14 hours. Adjust the seasoning and serve with cilantro, scallions, sour cream and tortilla sprinkled on top., ingredients: [2 pounds beef shoulder or bottom round stew meat cut into 1 12inch cubes, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, vegetable oil or lard, 2 onions chopped, about 1 12 cups, 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons chipotle chili paste 2 to 3 dried chipotle peppers, soaked, seeded and pureed, 2 tablespoons garlic, chopped, 12 cup crushed tomatoes, 14 cup grits, 2 cups water, 14 cup roughly chopped cilantro leaves, 12 cup chopped scallions, Sour cream, Corn tortillas, toasted and crumbled], title: Chunky Beef Posole Chili, picturelink: null}, 17626: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 4quart slow cookernCombine the peaches, cider, cranberries, sugar, apples, cinnamon stick and lemon juice in a 4quart slow cooker. Cover and cook on low for 8 hours. Remove the cinnamon stick and serve warm., ingredients: [One 16ounce package frozen peaches, 1 cup apple cider, 1 cup dried cranberries, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 apples, Granny Smith or your favorite, cored and sliced, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 lemon, juiced], title: SlowCooker Fruit Compote, picturelink: Dzs7pRJlhoM0NFMtcOGoxWy3rK3G2a}, 17627: {instructions: Place the ice cubes in a tall, narrow, chilled glass the cubes should come near the top. Add the gin, then the tonic water, then the lime juice, stirring well. Garnish with lime wedge, and serve immediately.nNote: To make the ice cubes, simply fill an empty ice cube tray with tonic water, and let the cubes freeze. It takes just a few hours. Covered well, the cubes will remain freshtasting in the freezer for at least a few weeks., ingredients: [4 to 5 tonic water Ice Cubes recommended: Schweppes see Note, 3 ounces gin recommended: Plymouth Gin, 4 ounces tonic water recommended: Schweppes, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, Lime wedge for garnish], title: The Perfect Gin and Tonic, picturelink: u6RRq2ImJqI0cdUaZtRw8mJIMkHTnV6}, 17628: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dip: Combine the cream cheese, sour cream, horseradish, lemon juice, lemon zest, granulated garlic, 14 teaspoon salt and a generous grinding of black pepper in the bowl of a food processor. Process until well combined and smooth. Transfer the dip to a medium bowl and fold in the chives and parsley. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nBring a large pot of salted water to boil and prepare an ice bath by filling a large bowl with ice water. Add the broccoli to the boiling water and blanch until bright green and crisp tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove with a strainer to the ice bath. Repeat with the cauliflower. Drain the vegetables well and pat them very dry.nTo build the tree, make a triangle of broccoli florets in the center of a serving platter. Place the cucumber piece, skin side up, at the base of the tree as a stump and scatter the cauliflower on either side. Decorate the tree with tomatoes, cucumber slices and pepper strips and stars, leaving one star for the top., ingredients: [6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 34 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, plus 1 teaspoon zest, 14 teaspoon granulated garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup finely chopped fresh chives, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt, 1 large head broccoli, cut into florets, 1 small head cauliflower, broken into florets, One 2inch piece English cucumber, plus halfmoon slices for decoration, 1 orange or yellow bell pepper, cut into strips and star shapes with a small star cutter, Grape tomatoes, for serving], title: Crudite Christmas Tree with Sour Cream and Chive Dip, picturelink: XAYitQrRehKPHFlbdFiDP1xREaQXq6}, 17629: {instructions: To prepare the gelee: pour 12 bottle of root beer into a medium size bowl and sprinkle the gelatin on top. Allow to bloom for 5 minutes. Gently warm the remaining 12 bottle of root beer in a pot until hot, but not boiling. Add the gelatin root beer to the hot root beer and whisk together. Add the remaining bottle of root beer. Pour 3ounces into the bottom of 8 glasses and chill until set, approximately 15 minutes.nTo make the Panna Cotta, pour the milk into a medium size bowl and sprinkle the gelatin on top and allow to bloom for 5 minutes. In a pot, add the cream and the scraped vanilla bean, bring to a boil, turn off heat and let rest for 10 minutes. Add the sugar and warm until dissolved. Strain the mixture through a sieve and whisk warm mixture into the gelatin mixture. Allow to cool to room temperature. Pour 4ounces into each glass on top of the root beer gelee and chill until set, approximately 30 minutes.nTo make the granite, pour the root beer into a shallow freezer proof dish, approximately 4 by 8inches. Place dish in freezer and scrape with a fork every 12 hour, until frozen.nTo serve, scoop the granite and place on top of the Panna Cotta and Root Beer gelee., ingredients: [2 12ounce bottles root beer, 2 14ounce packages gelatin, 2 14ounce packages gelatin, 2 12 cups milk, 1 12 cups cream, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 12 cup sugar, 1 12ounce bottle root beer], title: Root Beer Granite with Root Beer Gelee and Vanilla Panna Cotta, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 17630: {instructions: Whisk together all ingredients.nThaw corn kernels, if using, and drain. Dice all ingredients to size of corn kernels.nProcess all ingredients except panko and egg whites. Place into large bowl, then fold in panko, then slowly fold in egg whites in 2 separate actions. Make sure to fold and not stir or whip.nCilantro Citrus Sauce: 12 bunch cilantro, chopped 12 lime, zest 12 lemon, zest 12 orange, zest 1 orange, juiced 1 lime, juiced 1 tablespoon shallots 12 tablespoon garlic 12 cup white wine 4 tablespoons butter Salt and pepper, to tastenMix cilantro, zests, juices, shallots and garlic. Saute cilantro mixture, deglaze with wine, reduce. Add butter adjust with salt and pepper.n4 8ounce salmon filletsnDay One: Marinate 4 8ounce boneless, skinless salmon fillets overnight in smoked salmon brine.nDay Two: Remove salmon filets from brine. Rinse lightly in cold water, pat dry. Put fillets in smoker. Cold smoke fish in smoker over indirect heat to avoid cooking until smoke flavor is evident 1 to 2 hours. Be sure fish remains cool to the touch. This process will put flavor into the fish without cooking the flesh. Do not smoke fish too hot as it will still be put on the grill to finish the cooking process. Reserve fish in refrigerator until ready to grill. Prepare summer corn salsa refrigerate until served. Prepare Chile Dumpling batter and refrigerate.nPreparation: Preheat BBQ grill to hot fire. Warm corn salsa to room temperature. Setup steamer on stovetop, bring water to a simmer. Prepare cilantro citrus sauce and keep in warm location. Scoop 12 2ounce portions of dumpling mix into steamer. Cover and cook 8 to 10 minutes.nWhile dumplings are steaming place salmon on grill to desired doneness 5 minutes per side per inch of thickness.nFinal Assembly: Place 3 dumplings on each plate. Spoon corn salsa between dumplings. Place grilled salmon atop dumplings. Drizzle salmon and plate with citrus sauce., ingredients: [16 cups water, warm, 1 12 pounds brown sugar, 12 pound kosher salt, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 cup corn, fresh or frozen, 12 cup jicama, diced, 12 cup cucumber, diced, 12 red pepper, diced, 12 yellow bell pepper, diced, 12 green bell pepper, diced, 12 cup red onion, diced, 3 tablespoons cilantro, chopped, Cumin, Coriander, Lime juice, Rice vinegar, Olive oil, Salt and white pepper, Jalapeno, minced, 2 cups ricotta cheese, 4 eggs, 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, 23 cups flour, 12 cup green chilies, chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, White pepper, to taste, 2 12 cups panko, 4 egg whites whipped], title: Cold Smoked and Grilled Salmon, picturelink: null}, 17631: {instructions: Recipe courtesy of Jacques Torres Mrchocolate.com, ingredients: [White chocolate, 17 ounces, 500 grams, Cocoa butter, 1.8 ounces, 50 grams, Corn Syrup, 5.3 ounces, 150 grams, Simple Syrup, 2.6 ounces, 75 grams, Food color paste, Cornstarch, for flouring the table, 1 12 gelatin sheets or 12 envelope powdered gelatin, White chocolate, chopped, 8.8 ounces, 250 grams, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 5.25 ounces, 150 grams, 1 14 cups heavy cream, 10.5 ounces, 300 grams, Storebought pound cake, Simple Syrup, White chocolate, tempered, 14 ounces, 400 grams, Cocoa butter, 14 ounces, 400 grams], title: EASTER BONNET, picturelink: null}, 17632: {instructions: Put the ground pork into a large bowl. Add the wine, garlic, pepper, curing salt, pistachios, and truffles, if using. Mix well with your hands. Divide the mixture in half. Form and press each half into a sausage about 8inches long and 2inches in diameter. Take care to press the mixture firmly enough to eliminate air bubbles, which would result in unsightly holes in the sausages. Wrap individually in plastic wrap, twisting the ends to enclose the sausages, and then roll each of them in aluminum foil, twisting the ends of the foil. Refrigerate for at least 3 days to cure. Freeze 1 of the sausages, if desired, and thaw it slowly in the refrigerator before cooking.nThe very important part of poaching these sausages is to do it at a low temperature for a long time. This makes a big difference in the taste and juiciness of the meat. Bring a pot of water to between 150 and 160 degrees F. Lower the wrapped sausages into the pot, and place a heavy lid that is a little smaller than the top of the pot on top of the sausages to weigh them down in the pot and keep them immersed in the water. Cook in the same temperature range, checking the pot occasionally, for about 1 hour, or until the internal temperature of the sausages is close to the same temperature as the water, about 150 degrees F. To keep warm, let the sausages sit in the 150 to 160 degrees F water until serving time.nNote: Morton Tender Quick Curing Salt is a curing agent composed of 99 percent salt, 12 percent sodium nitrate, and 12 percent sodium nitrite. If you use regular salt the sausages will be fine to eat but will be gray in color rather than the appealing pink color achieved with the curing agent., ingredients: [2 pounds ground pork shoulder, 20 to 25 percent fat sometimes called Boston Butt, 14 cup dry, fruity white wine, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Morton Tender Quick Curing Salt, see note, 13 cup shelled, unsalted pistachios, 14 cup coarsely chopped black truffle, optional], title: Truffle and Pistachio Sausage, picturelink: null}, 17633: {instructions: In a mixing bowl add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, turmeric, cumin, cayenne, cardamom and salt. Mix well until the mixture has turned into a paste, if the paste is too thick add a little more olive oil. Add the cubed lamb to the bowl and toss around to coat well. Cover and set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a large, heavy bottomed pot over mediumhigh heat. Add 13 of the lamb, and brown well. Remove to a plate, and repeat with remaining lamb.nAdd onions and carrots to the pot and sweat for 5 minutes. Stir in the fresh garlic and ginger continue cooking for an additional 5 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and chick peas, then return the lamb to the pot and stir in the lemon zest, chicken stock, apricots, and honey.nBring to a boil, then reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 1 12 to 2 hours, stirring occasionally, until the lamb is tender. Sprinkle the stew with chopped fresh cilantro and serve right out of the pot., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 12 pounds boneless lamb shoulder or boneless leg of lamb, 1 12inch cubes, 1 onion, cut into 1inch cubes, 3 carrots, roughly diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon ginger, minced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 14.5ounce can chickpeas, drained, 1 lemon, zested, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup dried apricots, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Braised Lamb Stew, picturelink: null}, 17634: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the egg noodles to the pot and cook until just tender, but not too soft. Drain and set aside.nIn a large, deep skillet with high sides, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the shallots to the butter and saute them until translucent, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and oregano and cook for 2 minutes.nPour in the white wine, stir, and let the mixture come to a simmer. Cook until the wine is reduced by half. Add the seafood stock.nCut the brie into bitesize chunks and add it to the pan. Stir until the brie is melted. Remove the skillet from the heat.nStir in the egg noodles then gently stir in the crab. Set aside. Cover and keep warm.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a spice grinder or food processor, grind the shiitake mushrooms until coarsely ground. Place the mushrooms in a bowl and combine with the panko bread crumbs. Melt the butter and pour into the breadcrumbmushroom mixture. Stir to coat the crumbs with butter.nPour the crab noodles into a 9 by 13inch ovenproof casserole dish and sprinkle the bread crumbs over the top. Bake the casserole in the oven until the crumbs are golden brown, about 5 to 7 minutes. Serve the casserole hot., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound bag dried egg noodles, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 shallots, minced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup seafood stock, 8ounces brie, rind removed, 16ounces lump crabmeat, 1 1ounce package dried shiitake mushrooms, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Crab and Brie Casserole with Wild Mushroom Crumb Topping, picturelink: 6up3gGwpGgSqmaTpz4NrvN7mLwnCZQ2}, 17635: {instructions: Position a rack in the top third of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Grease a 2quart oval gratin or baking dish with 1 tablespoon of the butter.nWhisk the eggs and halfandhalf together in a large bowl. Add the sugar, corn, 12 cup of the crushed crackers, 12 cup of the Cheddar and 1 teaspoon salt. Pour the mixture into the baking dish, spreading with a spatula or spoon to make an even layer.nBake uncovered until the edges are set but the center is still wet, about 35 minutes. Meanwhile, melt the remaining 3 tablespoons butter in a small dish in the microwave, about 30 seconds. Mix the butter into the remaining 1 cup crushed crackers until evenly moistened. Sprinkle the remaining 12 cup shredded Cheddar and the buttered crackers over the corn. Continue baking until the edges are brown and the top is set and golden, 20 to 25 minutes more. Remove from the oven and let stand 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 large eggs, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon sugar, Two 14ounce packages frozen corn about 5 cups, thawed, 1 12 cup coarsely crushed buttery crackers, such as Ritz or Toll House, 1 cup shredded white Cheddar about 2 ounces, Kosher salt], title: Scalloped Corn, picturelink: xr0Cvu6jzuXNNdEYmY8AdleudIv4ijm}, 17636: {instructions: Using a 3inch round cookie cutter, cut a disk out of each slice of bread. Set aside and discard scraps.nIn a 10inch nonstick skillet, heat the canola oil over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent. Add the spinach, lemon zest, and lemon juice and continue cooking over medium heat for 1 minute. Remove from heat and transfer mixture to a food processor. Add the sour cream and blend until creamy. Add the hot sauce and then season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nFill a 12inch nonstick skillet with 1 12 inches of water. Add the vinegar and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat until the bubbles just stop. Crack each egg into the water and gently simmer until the egg whites have set and turned opaque in color, about 2 to 3 minutes. You may have to do this in 2 batches.nWhile eggs are poaching, toast the bread rounds.nMeanwhile, heat a nonstick griddle and then place the Canadian bacon on the griddle. Cook until warmed through.nWith a slotted spoon, carefully remove the eggs from the water and blot on a towel to remove as much moisture as possible.nTo assemble, lay 2 slices of Canadian bacon over 2 toast rounds. Then top with 14 of the spinach mixture and finish with 2 poached eggs on top. Garnish with a sprinkling of paprika., ingredients: [8 slices multigrain bread, 1 teaspoon canola oil, 1 cup finely diced sweet onion, 1 10ounce box chopped frozen spinach, thawed, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 8 ounces light sour cream, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 8 whole eggs, 8 slices Canadian bacon, Paprika, for garnish], title: Eggs Benedict, picturelink: null}, 17637: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nLayer sliced apples into an ungreased 13 by 9 by 2inch pan. Sprinkle cinnamon and sugar mixture in between each layer. Use enough cinnamon and sugar to cover each layer. Once apples are to the top of the pan, cover with final layer of cinnamon and sugar and then pour either your apple cider or orange juice over the entire mixture.nMix the 3 toppings ingredients together with a mixer until it is crumbly. Cover the apples with the topping. Bake for 45 minutes. Cool and serve., ingredients: [15 to 20 apples, in a variety of brands, peeled and sliced, 12 cup cinnamon and sugar mixture, 12 to 1 cup apple cider or orange juice, 2 cups bleached flour, 2 cups sugar, 2 sticks cold margarine], title: Apple Crisp, picturelink: XGIz2W7.E0c3coNJjoAbBL31DhsFgwi}, 17638: {instructions: PANCAKE BATTER: In a blender or food processor, combine eggs, vanilla and sugar and blend for about 15 seconds or until combined. Add flour and baking powder and mix for 60 seconds or until very smooth.nAPPLES: Preheat broiler to medium high. Heat a 12inch nonstick skillet over medium heat and add butter. Add apples and saute for four to five minutes or until softened. Add cinnamon and sugar, sprinkling them evenly over apples until glazed and slightly translucent at the edges.nASSEMBLY: Distribute apples evenly in skillet and pour batter over them. You may also make four individual pancakes, using a smaller pan. Just use one fourth of the apples and one fourth of the batter for each. Cook until the bottom seems quite firm, about eight minutes.nTransfer pan to broiler and, watching carefully, cook until pancake is firm throughout and golden on top. Cut pancake into four wedges and transfer them, apple side up, to serving plates. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar, place a dollop of creme fraeche on top and garnish with strawberries., ingredients: [7 large eggs, 1 Tbs. pure vanilla extract, 34cup granulated sugar, 12cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 tsp. baking powder, 2 Tbs. unsalted butter, 3 Golden Delicious apples, peeled if desired, cored and cut into 12inch wedges, 1 12 tsp. ground cinnamon, 1 12 Tbs. granulated sugar, 1 Tbs. confectioners sugar, 14cup creme fraeche, 1 cup strawberries for garnish], title: Apple Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 17639: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMince up the garlic, cut the onion into slices, and dice up the tomatoes, celery, cucumber and zucchini. Throw all the garlic, all the onion, half of the remaining diced vegetables and the oil into the bowl of a food processor or, if you like, a blender.nSplash in the vinegar and add the sugar, hot sauce, salt and pepper. Finally pour in 2 cups of the tomato juice and blend well. Youll basically have a tomato base with a beautiful confetti of vegetables.nPour the blended mixture into a large bowl and add in the other half of the diced vegetables. Stir it together. Then stir in the remaining 2 cups tomato juice. Give it a taste and make sure the seasoning is right. Adjust as needed. Refrigerate for an hour if possible.nGrill or saute the shrimp until opaque. Set aside.nLadle the soup into bowls, add the grilled shrimp and garnish with avocado slices, egg and cilantro leaves. Serve with crusty bread on the side., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, 12 red onion, 5 Roma tomatoes, 2 stalks celery, 1 large cucumber, 1 zucchini, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, Several dashes hot sauce, Dash salt, Dash black pepper, 4 cups goodquality tomato juice, 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, Avocado slices, for serving, 2 hardboiled eggs, finely minced, Fresh cilantro leaves, for serving, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Gazpacho, picturelink: E9pjpqePw4IC..hVDxQBVIR0z1zWLG}, 17640: {instructions: Lightly toast the bread and brush both sides with melted butter divide each slice in half diagonally and set on a dinner plate. Heat the butter in a skillet. When the foaming subsides, add the carrots and saute for a couple of minutes or until the carrots just begin to soften. Add the crabmeat and stir for a minute just to heat up. Add the lemon zest and juice and herbs saute for 30 seconds and remove from heat. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 thin slices of white bread, Melted butter for brushing, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 carrots, grated, 8 ounces lump crabmeat, picked over, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 14 cup each finely chopped chives, basil, mint and parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Reasonable Crabmeat Saute, picturelink: null}, 17641: {instructions: Make vinaigrette: In a small bowl whisk together vinegar, soy sauce, pepper, and salt to taste and add oil in a stream, whisking until emulsified. Vinaigrette may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring vinaigrette to room temperature and whisk before proceeding.nIn a bowl toss mesclun with vinaigrette and divide among 8 salad plates., ingredients: [2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 8 cups mixed baby greens, about 34 pound, rinsed and spun dry], title: Mixed Baby Greens W Red Wine Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 17642: {instructions: Place ribs and beef broth in a large heavy pot or Dutch oven, and add enough water to fully cover ribs. Simmer over low heat for about 1 hour. Once tender, remove and set aside.nPreheat the grill to medium heat. In a medium bowl, combine barbeque sauce and honey. Baste ribs generously with sauce and grill for about 4 minutes on each side or until desired degree of doneness., ingredients: [2 full racks quartered baby back ribs, 1quart beef broth, 2 cups barbeque sauce recommended: Bullseye Original Barbeque Sauce, 1 cup honey], title: Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 17643: {instructions: 1. Mix cream cheese, brown sugar, 2 teaspoons of the cinnamon and 1 teaspoon of the vanilla in small bowl until well blended. Spread 2 tablespoons of cream cheese mixture on each of 8 slices of bread. Spread 1 tablespoon of preserves on each of the remaining 8 slices of bread. Press one each of the bread slices together to form 8 sandwiches.n2. Beat eggs with wire whisk in 13x9inch baking dish. Stir in milk, remaining 1 teaspoon cinnamon and remaining 12 teaspoon vanilla until well blended. Dip sandwiches in egg mixture, soaking for 2 minutes on each side.n3. Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in large nonstick skillet or griddle on mediumlow heat. Place 4 of the sandwiches in skillet. Cook 4 to 5 minutes per side or until golden brown. Repeat with remaining sandwiches, melting remaining tablespoon butter in skillet. Serve French toast with maple syrup, if desired., ingredients: [1 tub 8 ounces whipped cream cheese, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 3 teaspoons McCormicku00ae Cinnamon, Ground, divided, 1 12 teaspoons McCormicku00ae Pure Vanilla Extract, divided, 16 slices Italian bread 12inch thick, 12 cup apricot preserves or jam, 5 eggs, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons butter, divided], title: Stuffed French Toast, picturelink: ij0BIuyeFP6VF5fSzwqaeDOFQIDhX.}, 17644: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium, or heat a grill pan over medium heat.nBrush pork chops with hot sauce and sprinkle with garlic, salt, and pepper. Grill over a medium flame for about 5 minutes on each side. Brush with some more hot sauce and grill about 3 additional minutes per side. Serve immediately with your favorite sides., ingredients: [6 12inch thick pork chops about 2 pounds, 1 bottle hot sauce recommended: 1 12ounce bottle of Joe Perrys Rock Your World Hot Sauce Boneyard Brew, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt and pepper], title: Joe Perrys Grilled Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 17645: {instructions: Special equipment: Szechuan peppercorns, salted fermented black beans, and hot bean paste can be found online and in most Asian markets.nHeat a wok over mediumhigh heat and toast the Sichuan peppercorns until fragrant, about 10 seconds. Remove from heat and transfer the peppercorns to a bowl to cool. Coarsely grind the peppercorns in a spice grinder or with a mortar and pestle and set aside. In a medium bowl, stir together the chicken broth, hot bean paste, cornstarch, hot sesame oil, soy sauce and sugar set aside.nHeat the wok over mediumhigh heat. Add the canola oil, garlic, ginger and fermented black beans and cook until fragrant, stirring often, about 10 seconds. Add the ground pork and cook, stirring occasionally and breaking up the meat with a wooden spatula or spoon, until it is browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Lower the heat to medium if the garlic starts to burn. Add the reserved ground peppercorns, the tofu and the soy sauce mixture. Cook, stirring once to combine, until the sauce is reduced, thickened and glossy, about 2 minutes.nRemove from heat and garnish with the scallions. Serve with steamed jasmine rice., ingredients: [2 teaspoons whole Sichuan peppercorns, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 3 tablespoons hot bean paste such as toban djan, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons hot sesame oil or hot chile oil, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, One 1inch piece of ginger, finely chopped, 2 tablespoon salted fermented black beans, rinsed and finely chopped, 1 pound ground pork, One 14ounce package firm tofu, drained, patted dry, and cut into 12inch cubes, 13 cup thinly sliced scallions, white and light green parts only, 5 cups steamed jasmine rice, for serving], title: Mapo Tofu, picturelink: LKjkWi5E5x4DiNp7Rqj6vLawgqwjEI2}, 17646: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 325 degrees F. Whisk together the butter, brown sugar, honey, vanilla and salt in a large bowl. Add the oats and cereal, and toss until evenly coated. Spread out on a rimmed baking sheet.nBake the oat mixture until golden and toasted, 25 to 30 minutes, stirring about halfway through. Let cool completely on the baking sheet. Stir in the marshmallows and chocolate chips. The granola can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 5 days., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 34 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 12 cups grahamflavored cereal, such as Golden Grahams, 1 cup mini marshmallows, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Smores Granola, picturelink: oUzScdahefz751IEk925gKNzeqIAOFG}, 17647: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the flour, onion powder, paprika and cayenne pepper in a shallow dish. Season with salt and black pepper and stir to combine.nHeat the oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat until shimmering. Pat the chicken dry and place in the flourspice mixture, turning to dust on both sides. Shake off the excess. Add the coated chicken to the hot oil and sear until brown, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Remove to a plate.nAdd the onions to the oil remaining in the skillet and reduce the heat to medium. Season the onions with salt and black pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, 45 to 60 seconds.nTip the remaining flour mixture into the onions and stir to coat and combine. Stir in the warmed chicken stock and increase the heat to medium high. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat until the mixture simmers. Add the reserved chicken with any accumulated juices, nestling it into the onions, and the thyme and bay leaf. Transfer the skillet to the oven and cook until the juices of the chicken run clear when pierced with a knife and the temperature reads 165 degrees F when measured with an instantread thermometer, about 30 minutes. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and black pepper. Discard the thyme sprigs and bay leaf. Serve the chicken immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 4 chicken leg quarters 2 pounds, 2 onions, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, very finely chopped, 1 cup homemade chicken stock or reducedfat lowsodium chicken broth, warmed, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, preferably fresh], title: Smothered and Covered Chicken and Gravy, picturelink: null}, 17648: {instructions: Put 1 cup of the flour in a shallow bowl and season with salt and pepper. Dredge the beef in the seasoned flour and set aside.nHeat a heavy skillet on mediumhigh heat, add the bacon and cook until crisp. Set the bacon aside, leaving the drippings behind in the skillet chop the bacon and reserve for serving. In batches, brown the beef in the skillet, adding olive oil if necessary, about 3 minutes per batch. Transfer each batch to the slow cooker as it browns.nAdd the butter and remaining 3 tablespoons flour to the skillet. Cook 3 minutes, stirring with a whisk. Whisk in the tomato paste. Turn off the heat, pour in the beef broth and whisk to get all the ingredients incorporated with the brown bits from the bottom of the skillet. Add the mixture to the slow cooker.nAdd the beets, carrots, potatoes, Brussels sprouts, red wine, parsley, Worcestershire, allspice, garlic, bay leaves and onions. Set the cooker to low and cook for 8 hours.nServe in bowls sprinkled with the reserved bacon., ingredients: [1 cup plus 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 pounds boneless chuck, cut into 1inch cubes, 4 slices bacon, 3 tablespoons olive oil, optional, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 3 cups beef broth, 1 pound baby multicolored beets with tops, peeled and tops removed, 1 pound rainbow carrots with tops, peeled and tops removed, 1 pound multicolored Peewee potatoes, 1 pint Brussels sprouts, chopped, 2 cups good red wine, 12 cup fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon whole allspice, 5 cloves garlic, 3 bay leaves, 1 medium onion, chopped], title: Slow Cooker Beef Stew, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 17649: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd a tablespoon or so of olive oil into a hot pan over mediumhigh heat. Throw in the garlic and chopped onions and give them a stir. Cook until the onions are soft, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth, whisking to deglaze the bottom of the pan. Cook until the liquid reduces by half. Add the crushed tomatoes and stir to combine. Add salt and pepper to taste and a pinch of sugar. Add the dried oregano and basil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium onion, chopped finely, 12 cup chicken broth, Three 15ounce cans crushed tomatoes, Salt and pepper, Pinch sugar, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 8 to 10 fresh basil leaves, chopped], title: Pizza Sauce, picturelink: hrY1kGzq5265SM0P.BceGqD8zNaZIv2}, 17650: {instructions: Peel, halve lengthwise and seed the cucumber. Cut into chunks the size of large croutons or slice into thin halfmoons. It depends on whether you want al dente chunks or soft, silkier petals. Both have their merits, depending on what youre serving with. Heat the olive oil in a pan. Saute the cucumber until hot and softened to your liking, about 5 minutes, depending on size. Season with salt and pepper and toss in the mint. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 English cucumber, A spoonful of olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Handful chopped fresh mint or dill], title: Sauteed Cucumber with Dill, picturelink: null}, 17651: {instructions: Put the flour, coriander, fenugreek leaves, ground fenugreek, paprika, turmeric, salt and pepper into a medium bowl and mix well.nDry the squid with a paper towel and then cut the bodies crosswise into 14inch rings. Put the rings into the flour mixture and coat them well.nHeat the oil in a large skillet and fry the coated squid until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Do not overcook them as they will become tough and rubbery. Drain on a paper towellined tray and sprinkle with some salt. Serve with Cilantro and Mint Chutney.nPour the oil in a small saucepan over medium heat and add the garam masala and garlic. Cook for 1 minute. Let cool slightly and put into a food processor along with the cilantro, mint, lemon juice, some water, salt and pepper and pulse until smooth. Use immediately or store in an airtight container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon dried fenugreek leaves, 1 teaspoon ground fenugreek, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 14 teaspoon turmeric, A pinch of salt, plus more for sprinkling, A pinch of pepper, 3 large squid bodies, cleaned, 14 cup grapeseed oil, Cilantro and Mint Chutney, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 cup chopped fresh mint, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, A pinch of salt, A pinch of pepper], title: Curried Calamari with Cilantro and Mint Chutney, picturelink: null}, 17652: {instructions: Peel the potatoes and cut them into small dice, about 34 inch and certainly no larger than 1 inch. Rinse the diced potatoes in hot water, drain well, and dry them thoroughly with a clean cloth or paper towelsthis seems to prevent the potatoes from sticking together during cooking.nIn a very large, heavybottomed skillet, heat the oil and butter. Add the potatoesthe pan should be large enough to take them very comfortably more or less in a single layer, otherwise use 2 pans.nSeason liberally with salt and pepper. Over a low heat saute the potatoes until crisp and golden this may take up to 1 hour. Turn the heat down if the potatoes are browning too much. Stir frequently with a wooden spatula and give the pan an occasional good shake. Snip the parsley into a bowl and add the potatoes. They wont need draining, but if they look even remotely greasy, drain them on paper towels. Check the seasoning, and sprinkle the potatoes with extra snipped parsley. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 14 pounds waxy potatoes, 5 tablespoons oil, 3 tablespoons butter, Sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Several sprigs of parsley], title: Pommes de Terre Sautees Tata Boucher Sauteed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 17653: {instructions: Combine the sugar, water, bean and seeds in small pot. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until the sugar is dissolved. Let cool to room temperature, then discard the vanilla bean.nAdd 1 shot of bourbon and 2 tablespoons vanilla bean syrup to a chilled champagne flute. Fill to the top with sparkling wine, and serve., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 12 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, Bourbon recommended: Woodford Reserve, Prosecco or sparkling wine, chilled], title: Champagne Bourbon Cocktail, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 17654: {instructions: Place the semisweet chocolate in a double boiler over barely simmering water and melt while stirring. Place the white chocolate in a separate double boiler over barely simmering water and melt while stirring. Once the chocolates are melted and smooth, remove from the heat. Line a sheet pan with parchment or waxed paper. Grasp the stem or green leaves of the strawberry and dip into the semisweet chocolate, twisting as it is lifted out. Let the excess chocolate drip off and then place on the parchment paper. Repeat with the rest of the strawberries. Dip a fork in the white chocolate. Hold the fork over the chocolate covered strawberries and quickly shake it back and forth to create lines of white chocolate on the semisweet chocolate. Set the strawberries aside to allow the chocolate to harden, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [24 ounces semisweet chocolate, cut into small pieces, 16 ounces white chocolate, cut into small pieces, 16 large strawberries, washed and dried very well], title: Chocolate Covered Stawberries, picturelink: null}, 17655: {instructions: Heat oven to 425 degrees F.nWrap garlic head in foil, or place it in a garlic roaster roast until garlic becomes soft and golden, about 1 hour. Let cool, and trim tip of head squeeze out cloves using the back of a knife. Transfer cloves to a small bowl, and set aside.nCook pasta until al dente. Drain, and place under cold water to stop cooking.nThinly slice 5 cloves unroasted garlic. Finely chop remaining 3 cloves. Heat oil over medium heat in a large skillet. Add sliced garlic toast until golden and crisp. Remove garlic with a slotted spoon, and set it aside. Add chopped garlic, and saute until translucent, about 1 12 minutes. Add roasted garlic and white wine let simmer about 3 minutes. Add pasta, parsley, redpepper flakes, and salt and pepper to taste, toss. Serve sprinkled with toasted garlic slivers. Grate cheese over each serving., ingredients: [1 head plus 8 cloves garlic, 1 pound spaghetti, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 34 cup dry white wine, 1 cup loosely packed flat leaf parsley, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Freshly grated Parmesan], title: Three Garlic Pasta, picturelink: null}, 17656: {instructions: Cut the steak into 24 3 by 1inch strips, each weighing about 12ounce. Using skewers, stick a skewer into each strip lengthwise and arrange on a large platter or baking pan. Refrigerate until needed.nPrepare the marinade: In a small bowl, combine all the marinade ingredients and pour over the meat, turning to coat all sides. Let marinate, unrefrigerated, about 15 minutes.nPreheat the grill or broiler.nPrepare the sauce: In a small skillet, melt 2 tablespoons butter. Add the garlic and green onion and saute over mediumhigh heat until soft, about 2 minutes. Pour in the stock, soy sauce, and chile flakes and cook 1 or 2 minutes longer. Strain into a clean pan and whisk in the remaining 4 tablespoons butter. Keep warm.nArrange the skewers of steak on the grill or under the broiler, being careful that the bare ends of the skewers are not directly over or under the flame. Grill or broil until medium rare, about 30 to 40 seconds per side.nPour the sauce into a small bowl and set in the center of a large serving platter. Arrange the skewers around the bowl and serve immediately.nYou can also use chicken or lamb for the skewers., ingredients: [34 pound trimmed New York or fillet steak, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon chile flakes, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 blanched garlic cloves, chopped fine, 1 green onion, chopped fine, 1 cup veal or chicken stock, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 teaspoon chile flakes, 24 6inch bamboo skewers or long rosemary branches], title: Beef Sate with Spicy Szechwan Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17657: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat water for pasta, salt it and cook penne to al dente.nHeat the oil, 2 turns of the pan, over medium heat. Add shallots and garlic to the pan, saute 3 minutes. Stir in chicken stock and combine with pumpkin, stir in cream then season sauce with hot sauce, nutmeg, cinnamon, salt and pepper. Reduce heat to medium low and simmer 5 to 6 minutes more to thicken. Stir in sage, toss with pasta with grated cheese, to taste., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound wholewheat penne, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 shallots, finely chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, grated, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 15ounce can pumpkin puree, 12 cup cream, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, to taste, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, 2 pinches ground cinnamon, Salt and black pepper, 7 to 8 leaves fresh sage, thinly sliced plus more, for garnish, Grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: PenneWise Pumpkin Pasta, picturelink: djYpgZWboO6baLYCA.Cl4ky1aE8OCGS}, 17658: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a shaker with ice and shake vigorously. Strain into a margarita or large martini glass. Serving suggestion: Rub the outside rim of the glass with lemon and dip rim into a plate of kosher salt. Garnish with a slice of lime., ingredients: [1 12 ounces tequila, 12ounce triple sec, 2 ounces fresh lime juice, 2 ounces fresh lemon juice], title: The Margarita, picturelink: null}, 17659: {instructions: Using oven mitts, heat the molcajete over the grill or stovenGrill carne asada for five minutes.nAdd and grill chicken and nopales on one side for five minutes, turn over.nAlso, add jalapenos turning every two minutes to softennSprinkle salt and pepper over meats.nAdd and grill chorizo and shrimp.nAdd green onions and rotate to cook on all sides, about two minutes.nWhile meat cooks, slice the tomatoes, avocado and cheese into 12 inch wedges.nUsing oven mitts, pour half of the salsa into the heated molcajete.nRemove the meats and slice in long, thin strips.nPlace the beef, chicken, shrimp, nopales, and cheese around the inside edge of the bowl.nAdd the chorizo to the center of the bowl.nAdd the tomatoes, green onions, avocados and jalapenos around the chorizo.nPour remaining salsa over ingredients.nPlace the cilantro over the nopales.nPlace limes on top, to be squeezed when served.nUse small tortillas to serve.nALTERNATIVES: Use a souffle or crockery bowl in place of the molcajete. Using oven mittens, heat the salsa in a small bowl in a microwave.nIn place of the nopales, use zucchini and yellow squash, sliced 12 inch thick.nAlways handle a heated molcajete with oven mitts, ingredients: [12 lb thinly sliced carne asada beef steak, 2 nopales cactus leaves or zucchini and yellow squash, 2 jalapeno peppers, 14 bunch of cilantro, 12 lb boneless chicken breast, 5 large shelled shrimp, 4 12 oz chorizo Mexican sausage, 2 green onions, 1 large tomato, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 lime, quartered, 1 avocado, 14 lb queso fresco Mexican cheese, 1 16 oz jar HERDEZu00ae Salsa Verde, 1 package of small tortillas, 1 Stone Molcajete mortar and pestle], title: Molcajete Mixto, picturelink: yvkTVijpK57l86JM5ByLIyOw1HHf2I2}, 17660: {instructions: Steak Fingers: Cut the steak into 13 to 14inch strips. Season with salt and pepper. Place the steak in the buttermilk and marinate in the refrigerator for 2 hours. While the steak is marinating, make your sauces.nGreen Chile Sauce: Heat a medium size saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil. When the oil is hot, add the onions and garlic and saute for a few minutes. Add salt, poblano and tomatillos and cook for about 5 minutes, or just until the peppers begin to soften. Transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. Return to the pan and simmer over low heat for 10 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nCheese Sauce: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk well. Cook over low heat for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Whisk in the milk and bring to boil.nOver low heat, whisk in cheese until it is all melted. Remove from the heat and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Keep warm.nHeat the oil in medium to large heavy bottom casserole to 350 degrees F.nDredge the steak fingers in flour and place into hot oil. Fry for 4 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove to a paper towel lined plate and season with salt and pepper.nSpoon cheese sauce onto a plate. Place steak fingers in a pile and spoon green chile sauce on top., ingredients: [24 ounces skirt steak, cleaned and trimmed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 quart vegetable oil, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 ounces vegetable or olive oil, 1 small onion, diced, 1 clove fresh garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 poblano pepper, seeded and chopped, 6 tomatillos, peeled and quartered, 12 stick butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, 1 pound cheddar cheese, grated, Salt and pepper], title: Slates New Mexico Steak Fingers, picturelink: null}, 17661: {instructions: For the filling: Toss the bacon into a large saute pan with a few drops of olive oil. Bring the pan to medium heat and cook the bacon until brown and crispy, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the onion and season with salt and the crushed red pepper. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is soft and very aromatic, 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd the tomato, season with more salt, and cook for another 8 to 10 minutes or until the tomatoes are soft and mushy and most of the liquid has evaporated. Taste and reseason if needed. Stir in the oregano and let cool.nFor the French toast: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nIn a wide, flat dish, combine the eggs, milk, cayenne if using, and a pinch of salt. Beat until smooth and homogeneous.nLay 4 slices of bread on a work surface. Using half the Gruyere, sprinkle each piece of bread lightly with cheese. Spoon a quarter of the bacon filling onto each piece of bread and then sprinkle with the remaining cheese. Top each slice with another piece of bread and press to secure.nWorking in batches, soak each toast in the egg mixture for about 1 minute flip and soak the other side.nWhile the toasts are soaking, coat a large saute pan with olive oil and bring the pan to medium heat.nWorking in batches so you dont crowd the pan, cook the toasts for 2 to 3 minutes per side. The toasts should be golden brown, lovely, and crispYUM Transfer the toasts to a baking sheet and place in the oven to keep warm.nFor the fried eggs and assembly:nCoat a large nonstick saute pan lightly with olive oil and bring to medium heat. Add the eggs to the pan, working in batches if necessary. Cook them until the whites are cooked through and the yolks are warm and runny, 3 to 4 minutes.nRemove the toasts from the oven and top each with a perfectly fried egg. Sprinkle with chives if you like and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, cut into 14inch lardons, Extra virgin olive oil, 1 onion, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt, Pinch of crushed red pepper, 1 large beefsteak tomato, seeded and cut into 12inch dice, 2 sprigs of fresh oregano, leaves finely chopped, 4 large eggs, 1 cup whole milk, Pinch of cayenne optional, Kosher salt, 8 slices tightcrumbed white bread, 112 cups grated Gruyere cheese, Extra virgin olive oil, 4 large eggs, 1 bunch of fresh chives, finely chopped optional], title: French Toast Stuffed with Bacon, Onion Tomato Jam with Gruyere, and a Fried Egg, picturelink: FGapI9Rz6hronXZt4hK8NNya2Fgkf6K}, 17662: {instructions: Butter bread and on one slice add cream cheese. Top with ham and pineapple and grill sandwiches as you would a grilled cheese sandwich., ingredients: [sourdough bread, sliced, ham, thin sliced, cream cheese, pineapple, butter], title: Grilled Ham Pineapple sandwich, picturelink: null}, 17663: {instructions: Mix ginger, sugar, water and curacao all together in a saucepan and bring to a slow simmer. Reduce mix by 50 percent until a syrupy consistency is reached. Keep in mind that the syrup will thicken as it cools. Strain warm syrup and allow to cool completely in the refrigerator. Take ginger slices and completely coat in sugar. Spread on sheet pan and slowly dry out in a preheated 225 degree oven for 3 hours. Ginger slices should be dried but still chewy.nUsing champagne flutes, add 1 tablespoon of the syrup and fill to the top with champagne. Drop a small sliver of candied ginger in each glass, enjoy., ingredients: [2 cups ginger slices, peeled 18inch thick, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 cups water, 14 cup blue curacao, 1 bottle champagne or sparkling wine], title: Blue Ginger Kir Royales, picturelink: null}, 17664: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Grease and flour 2 8 or 9inch round pans. Sift together the flours and baking powder.nCream the butter and sugar in a large mixer bowl until fluffy. Add the salt and vanilla and mix well. Add the eggs, scraping the sides of the bowl, and mix until light and fluffy. Add the flour mixture in 3 batches alternating with the milk, mixing after each addition and ending with the flour. Mix just until combined. Do not overmix.nPour the batter into the prepared pans. Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool the cakes in the pans on wire racks for 15 minutes. Invert the cakes onto the racks and remove the pans. Let the cakes cool completely. Wrap and refrigerate before decorating., ingredients: [9 ounces each allpurpose and cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature, 21 ounces sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup egg whites, room temperature, 1 12 cups milk, room temperature], title: Colettes White Cake, picturelink: null}, 17665: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, melt 2 tablespoons butter over mediumlow heat. Add the shallots and cook until softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the wine, vinegar, peppercorns, and soy sauce, bring to a simmer, and cook until the liquid is syrupy and reduced to about 14 cup, 20 to 25 minutes.nStrain the liquid through a fine mesh strainer, discard the shallots and return the liquid to the pan. Return to mediumlow heat and bring to a low simmer, allowing the liquid to reduce a bit more. While whisking constantly, slowly add about 34 of the cold butter cubes, a couple at a time, until emulsified. Turn off the heat and continue whisking while slowly adding the remaining butter cubes whisk very well until thick and creamy.nUse immediately or store in a warmed thermos bottle or covered in a glass bowl set over warm water until ready to serve. Refrigerate leftovers., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 2 sticks, cut into small cubes and very cold, 1 shallot, sliced, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 12 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons whole peppercorns, 1 tablespoon soy sauce], title: Soy Beurre Blanc, picturelink: null}, 17666: {instructions: Place lettuce, tomato, cucumber, chopped cooked chicken, onion, carrot, beet, black beans, corn, garbanzo beans, in a bowl and toss well to mix. Enjoy, ingredients: [3 cups chopped romaine lettuce, 1 plum tomato preferably Roma, chopped, 12 cucumber, chopped, 3 ounces cooked and chopped skinless lean chicken breast, 14 cup chopped red onion, 14 cup shredded carrots, 14 cup canned beets, drained and chopped, 2 tablespoons canned black beans, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons canned sweet corn kernels, 2 tablespoons canned garbanzo beans chickpeas, drained and rinsed, Dash freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons reducedfat Parmesanstyle grated topping], title: The HG Special, picturelink: gyzhitWoxpmX6jBS6gg.tgx2n67xPo2}, 17667: {instructions: Make a quick vinaigrette by whisking together the vinegar, oil, and salt and pepper or throw the ingredients into a small jar with a lid, cover, and shake. Pour the vinaigrette over the watercress and toss to coat. Garnish with the toasted slivered almonds and dried cranberries., ingredients: [2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 bunches watercress, handtorn, 1 cup almonds, toasted, 14 cup dried cranberries], title: Watercress Salad with Dried Fruit and Almonds, picturelink: odJRTxdT2.sqUqiBXnB6A0Nup31a7a}, 17668: {instructions: In a bowl, combine warm water, yeast, and sugar. Stir to combine. In the food processor, combine flour and salt and pulse. Add the yeast mixture, cold water, and oil. Pulse until a ball is formed: this will happen quickly, be careful not to overwork the dough. Scrape dough out onto a lightly floured counter and knead for several minutes until dough is smooth. Allow dough to rest for 2 to 3 minutes. Place dough in oiled bowl and allow to rise at room temperature for about 1 hour.nPunch dough down, divide into 2 to 4 balls, let rise another 30 minutes.nHeat up pizza stone in a 500 degree F oven. Form a 10 to 14inch pizza crust and place on a piece of parchment paper sprinkled with yellow cornmeal. Place topping on the crust and place the pizza, with the parchment paper in the oven on the pizza stone or on hot inverted cookie sheet not aluminum. Bake until golden, about 10 minutes.nIn a small heavy skillet cook the sausage over moderate heat, stirring, until it is cooked through, transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl, and discard all but 1 tablespoon of the fat remaining in the skillet. In the fat cook the garlic, oregano, basil, and salt and pepper, to taste over moderately low heat, stirring, until the onion is soft and transfer the onion mixture to the bowl.nTop uncooked pizza dough rounds with sausage mixture, tomatoes, artichoke hearts, mozzarella, Parmesan, and salt and pepper, to taste and bake the pizzas on the bottom rack of a preheated oven for 10 to 12 minutes, or until the crusts are golden brown.nTrim any tough stems from arugula and thinly slice the cheese.nTop pizza dough with pizza sauce, spreading with back of a spoon to within 12inch of edge.nArrange mozzarella slices evenly over sauce.nBake the pizza for 6 to 7 minutes, or until dough is crisp and browned, and transfer with a metal spatula to a cutting board.nScatter arugula over pizza and arrange prosciutto slices on top.nIn a 12inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, cook onions in oil, stirring frequently, until deep golden, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in vinegar, radicchio, and salt and pepper, to taste.nTop uncooked pizza dough with onion mixture, goat cheese and thyme, leaving a 34inch border.nRoll out pizza. Pipe ricotta around the edge of the round and fold the edges over. Or, cut mozzarella into logs and place on the edges of the round and fold over the edges. Top with desired toppings and bake as above.nRoll out dough balls to about 9inch rounds. Place fillings over half of each round. Fold plain dough half over filling, forming half circles. Pinch edges together to seal. Transfer to baking sheet. Cut 3 slits in top to let steam escape. Bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes .nChar bell pepper over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose in paper bag and let stand 10 minutes. Peel, seed, and slice pepper. Alternatively, use jarred roasted pepper.nIn heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat, heat olive oil. Add red onions saute until brown, about 25 minutes. Set aside. In heavy medium skillet over medium heat, saute sausage until cooked through, breaking into 12inch pieces with spoon, about 15 minutes. Set aside. Mix both cheeses and oregano in bowl, season with salt and pepper to taste.nIf making 4 calzones, spread 13 cup cheese mixture on half of each round of uncooked calzone dough, leaving 34inch border. Cover cheese on each with 14 of onions, 13 cup cheese mixture, 14 of sausage, 13 cup cheese mixture, then 14 of bell peppers. Fold plain dough halves over filling, forming half circles. Pinch edges of dough firmly together to seal.nMix spinach, onions, ricotta, Gorgonzola, and Fontina in medium bowl to blend. Season with salt and pepper.nOil a cookie sheet. Roll out dough and place in cookie sheet. Make indentations with your fingertips. Top with desired flavorings and toppings. Let rise in warm place about 1 hour and then bake until golden.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nCombine garlic and oil in a very small metal bowl and set on a baking sheet. Bake in lower third of oven for 1 hour. Cool on a rack 30 minutes. Pour oil through a small sieve into another bowl and discard garlic. Roll out the focaccia, drizzle with some garlic oil and sprinkle with rosemary, coarse salt, and pepper, and bake until golden brown.nFor thyme focaccia, knead thyme into dough after 1st rest.nFor Parmesan focaccia, sprinkle dough with Parmesan before baking.nSprinkle both doughs with salt and pepper before baking., ingredients: [14 cup warm water about 110 degrees, 1 envelope active dry yeast, 1 teaspoon sugar, 4 cups bread flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups cold water, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Yellow cornmeal, for sprinkling the baking sheet, Sausage, Tomato, and Artichoke Heart, recipe follows, Prosciutto and Arugula Pizza, recipe follows, Caramelized Onion, Radicchio, and Goat Cheese Pizzettes, recipe follows, Pizza with Stuffed Crust, method follows, Calzone, method follows, Calzone with Cheese, Sausage, and Roasted Red Pepper, recipe follows, Threecheese Spinach Calzones, recipe follows, Focaccia, method follows, Garlic and Rosemary Focaccia, recipe follows, Thyme Focaccia and Parmesan Focaccia, recipe follows, 12 pound hot Italian sausage, casing discarded and the sausage chopped, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 12 teaspoon crumbled dried oregano, 12 teaspoon crumbled dried basil, One 14ounce can Italian tomatoes, drained, chopped fine, and drained well again in a colander, One 6ounce jar marinated artichoke hearts, drained, rinsed and patted dry, 12 cup coarsely grated mozzarella, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup small to medium arugula leaves, 4 ounces mozzarella preferably fresh, 1 cup pizza sauce, or other tomato sauce, 6 very thin slices prosciutto, 1 pound red onions, thinly sliced 4 cups, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 pound radicchio, chopped 3 12 cups, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces soft mild goat cheese, crumbled, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme, chopped, 1 large red bell pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 14 pounds red onions, sliced, 4 sweet or spicy Italian sausages, casings removed, 3 cups packed coarsely grated mozzarella about 12 ounces, 12 ounces ricotta, 4 teaspoons dried oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Two 10ounce packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed, squeezed dry, 6 green onions, chopped, 1 cup partskim ricotta, 1 cup crumbled Gorgonzola or blue cheese about 4 ounces, 2 cups packed grated Fontina about 8 ounces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 large garlic cloves, halved lengthwise, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh rosemary, Coarse salt, for sprinkling, Freshly ground black pepper, for sprinkling, 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup coarsely grated Parmesan, Coarse salt for sprinkling, Freshly ground black pepper for sprinkling], title: Pizza Dough, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 17669: {instructions: Stir together the tomato juice, Worcestershire sauce, horseradish, hot sauce, 12 teaspoon of the chili powder, the black pepper, vodka and lemon juice in a spouted liquid measuring cup. Combine the remaining 14 teaspoon chili powder and the salt in a small shallow bowl. Wet the rim of two highball cocktail glasses and dip into the salt mixture to coat evenly. Pour half of the tomato juice mixture into each glass and top each with half of the ale. Garnish each cocktail with two olives and a cornichon on a skewer.nCopyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reservednFrom Food Network Kitchens, ingredients: [34 cup chilled tomato juice, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon prepared horseradish, 14 to 12 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 34 teaspoon chili powder, 2 ounces vodka, 1 ounce fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Kosher salt, One 12ounce bottle chilled brown ale, such as Newcastle, 4 Spanish olives, 2 cornichons, Special Equipment: 2 small, decorative skewers], title: Spicy Beery Bloody Mary, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 17670: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a 13 by 9inch baking dish with foil allowing an overhang about 2 inches off the sides. Butter the foil.nIn a food processor, blend together flour, sugar, butter and salt until the mixture resembles coarse sand. Add 2 tablespoons cold water and mix until the dough just holds together. Press dough into bottom of buttered baking dish and bake in oven until golden in color, about 20 to 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the filling. In a stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment, add the butter, brown sugar and a pinch of salt and mix on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the corn syrup, flour and pecans and mix until just combined. Spread the filling over the baked crust and bake until golden brown, about 30 to 35 minutes. Remove the dish from the oven and allow it to cool completely in the pan.nRemove from pan by pulling up the foil sides and putting it on a cutting board. Cut bars in desired size with a sharp knife and arrange them on a serving tray. Can be stored in an airtight container up to 2 days., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 34 cup cold unsalted butter, cubed, plus more for dish, 1 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 23 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup light brown sugar, Pinch salt, 13 cup light corn syrup, 14 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 3 cups coarsely chopped pecans], title: Pecan Bars, picturelink: b3px5h9e2qrBUG09ZeZvHjffc9r11H2}, 17671: {instructions: Special equipment: Twelve 6inch wooden skewers, soaked in water 30 minutesnCombine the cilantro, oil, chili sauce, sugar, soy sauce, garlic, ginger, onions and 12 teaspoon salt in a mini food processor or blender and process until smooth.nDrain the skewers and thread a piece of chicken onto each skewer. Place the skewers in a large nonreactive baking dish and rub with the marinade mixture. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat a grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Remove the skewers from the baking dish and discard the marinade. Cook the chicken, turning once, until well charred and cooked through, 4 to 6 minutes per side. Serve with your favorite dipping sauce., ingredients: [14 cup tightly packed cilantro leaves, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon Asian hot chili sauce, such as Sriracha, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 to 2 cloves garlic, One 2inch chunk fresh ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 small onion, roughly chopped, Kosher salt, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into twelve 3 12 to 4inch strips, 12 cup prepared dipping sauce, such as cilantro chutney, sweet chili sauce or ponzu sauce], title: Asian Chicken Skewers, picturelink: z0MGPSRzy.OxWWAg3mIYxQiCkpOiOu}, 17672: {instructions: Place 23 of the scampi butter in a large saute pan over high heat and melt. Add in shrimp and cook for about 2 minutes, moving shrimp around in the pan. Sizzle with the white wine and cook until shrimp are opaque, only about another 2 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the remaining scampi butter, Asiago cheese, and avocado chunks. Serve over hot spaghetti squash .nIn a bowl with a wire whisk, mix together all ingredients until well blended.nGarnish with fresh arugula, ingredients: [Scampi Butter, recipe follows, 1 pound raw peeled and deveined 16 to 20 count shrimp, with tail on recommended: tiger prawns, 1 tablespoon white wine, 2 ounces Asiago cheese, cut into small chunks, 1 avocado, large diced, Spaghetti Squash, recipe follows, Fresh arugula, for garnish, 14 pound unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Dash white pepper, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 medium spaghetti squash about 3 pounds], title: Anaheim Shrimp Scampi, picturelink: KgwbJfvl6lczYA6QJ2pZXfRug92BO}, 17673: {instructions: Heat a nonstick skillet or griddle pan over medium high heat.nPile 1 tablespoonful of grated cheese in several spots on the hot pan, allowing about 12 inch between each pile. Cheese will melt, bubble, and form a cheesy lace. When the crisps turn light golden in color, remove them from pan carefully with a thin spatula. The cheese crisps will harden as they cool.nCombine lettuces and fresh herbs, drizzle mixed greens with extravirgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar, just enough to coat. Season with salt and pepper.nTop dressed salad with crisps., ingredients: [1 cup grated Romano, 12 ounces mixed greens, from bulk bin or packages found in produce department, 14 cup a handful fresh herbs whatever you have on hand: parsley, basil, chives, sage, etc., Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Balsamic vinegar, for drizzling, Salt and pepper], title: Mixed Greens with Romano Crisps, picturelink: 4LxqyFVj8GGsKSx7z27DNbCBMFC0zW}, 17674: {instructions: This technique can be used to make any painted design. I downloaded an image of a Mayan diety from the internet. A simple design with a lot of color makes the best result. Place your design underneath a piece of acetate. Mix together a few tablespoons of the cocoa butter with a small amount of powdered food color. It will be easier if you use a yogurt machine to store and warm your paints. Use a finetipped paintbrush to trace the outline of the painting with a darkcolored paint. Use other paint colors to fill in the design. This will certainly remind you of paintbynumber. Allow the paint to dry. Make a raplette: I created a homemade chocolate spreader by using poster board and an Xacto knife. Since my painting is 10 by 16inches, the opening I will cut in the raplette is 10inches wide by 18inch high. Pour some white chocolate at the edge of the painted acetate. Pull the raplette through the chocolate pulling the chocolate over the painted drawing. This will spread an even 18inch thick layer of chocolate over the painting. When the chocolate begins to set, use a sharp paring knife to cut the paint canvas to the finished size of the painting. Let this cool until the chocolate sets. When the chocolate has set completely, simply peel off the acetate. Make the frame: Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered dark chocolate over a sheet of acetate. Let the chocolate set slightly. Use a paring knife to cut 2 pieces of chocolate that are 16 inches long and 2 inches wide. Cut 2 more pieces that are 12 inches long by 2 inches wide. When the chocolate is set, peel off the acetate. Use a mitre box to trim all 4 ends to 90degree angles. Just use a gentle sawing motion to cut through each piece.nMake the cocoa pods: Use a ladle to fill the cocoa pod mold with chocolate. When it is full, empty it into the bowl of chocolate. The inside of the mold should be evenly coated with chocolate. Wipe the edge of the mold clean on the side of the bowl and place it upside down on a wire rack placed over a baking sheet. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the edge clean with a paring knife. When the chocolate sets, it shrinks or retracts from the sides of the mold. A clean edge will keep it from sticking and cracking as it shrinks. You can place the mold in the refrigerator for several minutes to help the chocolate to harden. Unmold. Repeat with as many cocoa pods as you would like. Make the leaves: I found plastic leaves at the floral supply store. You can use real leaves if you make sure they are edible. Make sure they are clean and free of dust. Use a dry paintbrush to spread white chocolate on the face of the leaf. When the chocolate sets, peel off the plastic leaf. Now the leaves are ready to paint. I usually use green, yellow and red for leaves and always start with the lightest color first. If you want to paint the cocoa pods and the leaves, there are 2 methods. The first is to mix together a few tablespoons of the cocoa butter with a small amount of powdered food color. It will be easier if you use a yogurt machine to store and warm your paints. Use a paintbrush to paint the inside of the mold, applying color where you are inspired to do so. Then, follow the instructions to make a mold. The second method is to use an airbrush. If you use an airbrush, simply place a few drops of color in the receptacle of the airbrush and decorate, as you are inspired. Assembly: Use tempered chocolate to glue the frame pieces to the outside of the painting. Use more tempered chocolate to adhere the leaves to the frame and the cocoa pods to the leaves. Use vegetable oil to glaze the frame to make it shiny.nSources: Chocolate Melter: Demarle New Jersey, Demarle.com Mold: Tomric Plastics, Buffalo New York Chocolate Cold Spray: PCB in France 011 33 0388 587333 Silicone cocoa pod mold: Tomric Plastics 7168546050, ingredients: [Cocoa butter, Powdered food coloring as desired, 2 pounds bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 2 pounds white chocolate, tempered], title: Mayan God Painting, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 17675: {instructions: Reheat oven to 350 degrees F. Bake potatoes until soft throughout, about 1 hour. Cool, then peel and cut into chunks. Puree in a food processordo not over mixand reserve. Reduce oven to 325 degrees F.nPrepare caramel and sauce following the same method as for Creme Caramel recipe follows. Line a 3quart Pyrex loaf pan with caramel and set aside on a level surface. Chill sauce.nCombine custard ingredients in a large bowl and whisk in the sweet potato puree to combine. Pour through a strainer into lined loaf pan.nPlace inside a larger roasting pan. Pour in boiling water until it rises halfway up the sides of the loaf pan. Bake about 1 hour and 50 minutes. The center should feel firm when pressed.nSet aside to cool about 1 12 hours. Cover with plastic wrap touching top. Refrigerate overnight or as long as 4 days.nRun a knife along inside edge 2 or 3 times to loosen. When you press center, sides should pull away. Cover with a platter and quickly invert. Drain excess caramel into a bowl and strain into reserved cold sauce. Serve slices of flan on dessert plates. Top with chilled caramel sauce., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet potatoes, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 cups water, 1 12 cups packed brown sugar, 8 eggs, 2 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons brandy, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground allspice], title: Sweet Potato Flan, picturelink: null}, 17676: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine the butter, cumin, paprika, cayenne pepper, cilantro, salt and pepper, to taste.nRub corn with the butter mixture. Wrap in foil and put in the oven. Cook for 20 to 25 minutes. Unwrap from foil, top with queso fresco and a squeeze of lime. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 corn on the cob, Queso fresco cheese, Lime wedges], title: Corn Con Queso, picturelink: zW22Q.j6ANpT0lfJ9YQ.KnMr0ML4S}, 17677: {instructions: In a large casserole, heat the oil, brown the bacon and pork, remove from the pan, and set aside. Add the onions and saute over low heat for 10 minutes. Add the browned meat, beer, and enough chicken stock to cover. Bring to a boil and simmer for 45 minutes.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd the sausage, cabbage, apples, potatoes, and caraway seeds and season with salt and pepper. Cover and cook in the oven until meat is tender, about 45 minutes. Serve with crusty bread., ingredients: [1 tablespoon oil, 8 ounces slab bacon, cut into large dice, 1 pound pork shoulder, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 12 ounces light German beer, 12 ounces chicken stock, or more, to cover, 1 pound garlic sausage, sliced 14inch thick, 1 head cabbage, sliced thinly, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled seeded and sliced 14inch thick, 2 pounds waxy potatoes, like Yukon Golds, sliced 14 inch thick, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, Salt and pepper, 1 loaf crusty bread], title: Pork and Garlic Sausage Braised in Beer, picturelink: null}, 17678: {instructions: Combine the sausage, peppers, celery, scallions, tomatoes, rice, chicken broth, Cajun seasoning, bay leaves, thyme and cayenne in a 6quart slow cooker.nCover and cook on low, 4 hours, adding the shrimp during the last 20 minutes of cooking. Discard the bay leaves. Serve topped with parsley.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 pound andouille sausage, sliced 12 inch thick, 2 green bell peppers, chopped, 2 stalks celery, sliced, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 cup converted rice, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper optional, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, Chopped fresh parsley, for topping], title: Jambalaya, picturelink: CWY6X66PueL9qAMWVpKK4LX.k1MLxOi}, 17679: {instructions: Put the peas in a pot and cover with water by 2 inches. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce heat, and simmer for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat, cover, and let them soak for 1 hour. Or cover the with cold water and let them soak overnight.nMeanwhile, drain the tomatoes and reserve the liquid. Hand crush the tomatoes into a saucepan and add the sugar and 12 cup of the liquid. Cook over medium low heat, being careful not to let it burn, until the liquid has evaporated and the tomatoes are thick, about 30 minutes.nIn a large pot over medium heat add the olive oil, onion, garlic, and ham hock. Cook until the onions are soft, about 5 minutes. Add the soaked peas and the stock and cook, covered, until the peas are tender, about 20 minutes. Add some water if you need more liquid. Remove the ham hock and fold in the tomato mixture. Taste, season with salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [1 pound dried blackeyed peas, 1 28ounce can whole, peeled tomatoes, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 ham hock, 2 quarts chicken stock or water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: BlackEyed Peas with Stewed Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 17680: {instructions: Preheat the oven with a cooling racktopped baking sheet on the top shelf of the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat a griddle pan or large cast iron skillet to mediumhigh heat.nPlace the parsley and arugula in a food processor and pulse into a finely chopped mixture.nPrepare the steak by cutting it nearly in half horizontally and spread it open like a book.nTop the meat with the chopped salumi and the chopped greens, then return the food processor bowl without rinsing to the base. Top the greens layer with the cheeses, then tightly roll the meat into a long, thin log and tie it up with kitchen string to secure. Season the meat with salt and pepper and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil. Brown the meat all over in the hot griddle pan, 5 to 6 minutes, and then transfer to the hot racktopped baking sheet and finish cooking the steak in the oven, 10 to 12 minutes more for mediumrare to medium.nWhile the meat cooks, in a saucepot over mediumhigh heat, add the extravirgin olive oil. Add 12 the garlic, chile, onion, and oregano and saute for 2 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste for 30 seconds, and then add the wine. Puree the tomatoes in the food processor and add to the sauce. Bring to a boil, and then reduce heat to simmer until thickened, 10 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nMelt the butter over low heat in a small saucepan with the remaining garlic. Toast the bread and brush liberally with garlic butter.nSlice the steak into thin wheels, discarding string, and arrange on the garlic toasts, topping with sauce and some torn basil. Serve a little pickled giardiniera salad along side in ramekins, as a garnish., ingredients: [12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 cup arugula or baby spinach, packed, 34 to 1 pound flank steak, 14 pound spicy Italian salumi, such as Calabrese salami, sliced and finely chopped, 1 cup shredded sharp provolone cheese, 12 cup shredded pecorino cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus some for drizzling, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced or finely chopped, 1 small chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped, optional, 3 to 4 tablespoons grated onion, 1 teaspoon dried oregano or marjoram, scant 13 palmful, 2 tablespoons doubleconcentrate tomato paste, 12 cup dry white or red wine, 1 28ounce can Italian plum tomatoes, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 slices good quality Italian or peasant style bread, Chopped or torn basil, for garnish, Giardiniera hot pickled vegetable salad, for garnish, optional], title: PizzaiolaStyle Flank Steak Pinwheels, picturelink: null}, 17681: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Season the lamb all over with salt and pepper and place in a single layer in a roasting pan. Pour on the adobo sauce and toss to coat. Bake, uncovered, 45 minutes, then cover and bake 45 to 60 minutes longer, until the meat is soft and flaky.nTransfer the meat to a cutting board. Pour the pan juices into a bowl or measuring cup and skim and discard the fat. Shred the meat. The lamb and pan juices may be kept together in the refrigerator up to 5 days. Warm over moderate heat 5 to 7 minutes before assembling the tacos. When ready to make the tacos, preheat the oven to 350.nRoast, peel, seed and slice the poblano chiles see Note. Mix together the grated cheeses. Dip a corn tortilla in some water and shake off the excess. Toast one tortilla at a time in a nonstick pan over medium heat for about 1 minute on each side. Wrap in a towel to keep warm while you dip and heat the remaining tortillas.nMake 12 stacks of 2 tortillas each on a baking sheet. Divide the lamb evenly among the tortillas. Top with poblano strips, sprinkle evenly with the cheeses and bake 3 to 4 minutes, to melt the cheese and heat through. Serve immediately.nNote: Fresh chiles and bell peppers can be roasted over a gas flame or on a tray under the broiler. Keep turning so the skin is evenly charred, without burning and drying out the flesh. Transfer the charred peppers to a plastic bag, tie the top closed and let steam until cool to the touch, about 15 minutes. If you are rushed, you can place the bag in a bowl of iced water to speed things up. The best way to peel is just to pull off the charred skin by hand and then dip the peppers briefly in water to remove any blackened bits. Do not peel the pepper under running water since that will wash away flavorful juices. Once peeled, cut away stems, seeds and veins., ingredients: [2 12 pounds lamb shoulder, trimmed and cut in 2 inch cubes, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups Adobo recipe attached, 4 Poblano chiles, 12 cup grated Mexican Manchego cheese, or substitute Monterey Jack, 14 cup grated Panela cheese, or substitute ricotta or dry cottage cheese, 14 cup grated Azejo cheese, or substitute Romano or washed and dried Feta, 24 small corn tortillas recipe attached, or use storebought], title: Lamb Adobado Tacos, picturelink: null}, 17682: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd the bacon to a large skillet and fry over medium heat until browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the bacon to a paper towellined plate and remove all but 4 tablespoons bacon fat from the skillet.nAdd the beans, ketchup, molasses, brown sugar, dry mustard and onions to an 8by8inch casserole dish. Add in the bacon fat from the skillet. Lay the reserved bacon strips on top of the bean mixture. Bake until heated through, 30 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [6 strips thickcut bacon, Three 16ounce cans regular pork and beans, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup molasses, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 12 medium onion, diced], title: Marys Baked Beans, picturelink: rZBWMmhfKDFZVmZaMm5nV8BPDZxNai}, 17683: {instructions: For the rub: To a bowl, add the parsley, brown sugar, maple flakes, smoked paprika, salt, cracked pepper, cayenne pepper, garlic and oregano. Mix well.nFor the ribs: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the ribs down on foil, brush with canola oil and massage with the rub. Wrap the foil tightly around the ribs, place in a roasting pan and roast for 1 12 to 2 hours. Unwrap the ribs and cover with the balsamic barbecue sauce. Broil, uncovered, at 500 degrees F until the sauce is bubbling and caramelized, about 5 minutes.nFor the sauce: Heat a pot on medium. Add the apple cider vinegar, ketchup, maple syrup, aged balsamic vinegar, whiskey, habanero, garlic and red onions. Stir and bring to a simmer for 1 12 to 2 hours.nFor the baked potatoes: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the russet potatoes in foil for 1 hour. When cool enough to handle, slice open and delicately scoop the cooked potato flesh into a bowl. Add the heavy cream, parsley, scallion greens, butter, truffle oil and sea salt and freshly cracked pepper to taste and whip. Stuff the mix back into the potato skins, wrap in foil and bake until heated through, about 30 minutes.nOn a long rectangular plate, lay down some fresh baby spinach. Place the rack of ribs on top and add the truffled twicebaked potatoes., ingredients: [14 cup fresh flat leaf parsley leaves, minced, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons maple flakes, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked pepper, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 sprig fresh oregano, leaves minced, 1 rack baby back ribs, 1 teaspoon canola oil, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 34 cup ketchup, 12 cup maple syrup, 12 cup aged balsamic vinegar, minimum 7 years old, 30ml whiskey 1 shot, 1 habanero chile, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 red onion, minced, 2 russet potatoes, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, minced, 14 cup chopped scallion greens, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons truffle oil, Sea salt, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1 package baby spinach], title: Balsamic Baby Back Ribs with Truffled TwiceBaked Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 17684: {instructions: Place sausage on a hot grill and cook until done. This may take about 45 minutes.nHeat oil in a saute pan placed on grill. Add red onions, garlic, red bell peppers, and green bell peppers and cook until translucent. Add basil and scallions and cook for a few minutes. Once cooked, cut sausage into 2inch long pieces, and arrange on serving platter with pepper and onion mixture. Serve with crusty bread or rolls., ingredients: [2 pounds hot sausage, 2 pounds sweet sausage, 12 cup olive oil, 8 red onions, cut julienne, 6 garlic cloves, chopped, 4 red bell peppers, cut julienne, 4 green bell peppers, cut julienne, 12 bunch basil leaves, chopped, 1 bunch scallions, chopped], title: Sweet and Savory Italian Sausage with Peppers, picturelink: null}, 17685: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix together the flour, 14 cup sugar, the cinnamon, salt, baking powder and baking soda. Add the sparkling water, buttermilk and vanilla, and stir until the mixture forms a batter. Let rest for 15 minutes.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the remaining 12 cup sugar and the lemon zest.nIn a heavy 4 to 5quart saucepan, heat the olive oil and vegetable oil over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer, a cube of bread should brown in about 3 minutes.nMeanwhile, peel and core the apples, then cut into 12inchthick slices. Using paper towels, blot the apple slices dry.nAdd the apple slices to the batter and toss until coated. Working in batches, fry the apples, turning occasionally, until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per batch. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with the lemon sugar while still warm. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup sparkling water, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Zest of 1 large lemon, 2 cups olive oil, 2 cups vegetable oil, 3 firm apples, such as Granny Smith], title: Apple Fritters, picturelink: gcTbMpYeCPbQFvnE7kk08BfSmGaeLi}, 17686: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat 14 cup oil in a skillet add mushrooms and saute them until they start to shrink, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add onion, garlic, oregano, coriander and saute for another 2 minutes. Pour mixture into a bowl and stir in cheese, mix well. Heat remaining oil in a cleaned skillet. When oil is hot dip each tortilla in turn and fry for 10 to 15 seconds on each side or until softened. Remove to paper towels to drain. Divide the stuffing evenly among the tortillas, roll them up and place in a lightly oiled baking pan. Pour the roasted vegetable sauce over all and bake for 10 minutes or until the sauce bubbles. Remove from oven, top with chopped cilantro and serve., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, divided, 1 pound shiitakes, chanterelles or portobellos or a combination, sliced, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped oregano or 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 12 cups grated Jack cheese, 8 corn tortillas, 2 cups roasted vegetable sauce recipe follows, 14 cup minced fresh cilantro], title: Mushroom Enchiladas, picturelink: null}, 17687: {instructions: Soak catfish in milk for approximately 1 hour, in the refrigerator. In a bowl, mix together white and yellow cornmeal. Spice up the cornmeal with salt, red and black pepper, granulated garlic, thyme, and Cajun seasoning, to taste.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nTake the fish out of the milk and shake off the excess milk. Dip the fish fillets in the spiced cornmeal mixture. Put the fillets on a buttered cookie sheet and drizzle butter over the fish. Or you can use a butter spray. Bake fish in oven for approximately 10 minutes. Time may vary depending on the thickness of fillet. Fish should get a nice crusty, golden color. Serve with tartar sauce., ingredients: [8 fillets boneless catfish, 2 cups milk, 3 12 cups white cornmeal, 3 12 cups yellow cornmeal, coarser grind, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon red pepper, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 4 tablespoons granulated garlic, 4 tablespoons thyme, dried, Cajun seasoning, 14 cup melted butter or butter cooking spray, Tartar sauce, optional], title: Oven Fried Catfish, picturelink: null}, 17688: {instructions: Remove the chilled ganache from the refrigerator. Scoop out little amounts onto a parchment or waxed paperlined baking sheet. Chill in the refrigerator for about 10 minutes. Immediately roll out each scoop into golf ballsized pieces.nRoll in the various coatings and arrange on a serving tray or store in the refrigerator, covered, until ready to serve.nCompletely melt the chocolate in a double boiler. Add the cream to a medium bowl and pour in the chocolate. Whisk the mixture very slowly creating a shiny, elastic emulsion., ingredients: [Ganache, recipe follows, refrigerated until firm, cocoa powder, caramelized hazelnuts, crunchy pearls, rainbow sprinkles, crushed toasted almonds, 8 ounces good dark chocolate, chopped not below 60 percent cocoa, recommended: Valrhona, 8 ounces heavy cream, scalded], title: Truffles, picturelink: null}, 17689: {instructions: In a blender or food processor puree coarse the cucumbers. In a metal bowl whisk the cucumbers with the buttermilk, the sour cream, the vinegar, the oil, the dill and salt to taste and chill the soup, covered and set in a bowl of crushed ice and ice water, stirring occasionally, for 30 minutes. Divide the soup between 2 chilled bowls., ingredients: [2 cucumbers, peeled and seeded, 12 cup chilled buttermilk, 12 cup chilled lowfat sour cream, 2 12 teaspoons distilled white vinegar, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons snipped fresh dill or 12 teaspoon dried, crumbled], title: Chilled Cream of Cucumber Soup with Dill, picturelink: null}, 17690: {instructions: In a food processor puree the onion. Add the tarama, potato, bread, lemon juice and olive oil. Add a little more olive oil if necessary to make the mixture fluffy., ingredients: [1 small onion, 12 cup tarama carp or cod roe, 1 medium potato, peeled and boiled, 1 cup of white bread slices soaked in water, measured after squeezed dry, 13 cup lemon juice or as desired, 12 cup olive oil, plus extra], title: Taramasalata Fish Roe Spread, picturelink: null}, 17691: {instructions: Combine the bacon, beef stock, cider vinegar, white vinegar, brown sugar, ketchup, red pepper flakes, chile powder and 1 tablespoon salt in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the bacon renders its fat, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat set aside to let the flavors develop, 20 minutes. Remove the bacon. Reheat the sauce before serving.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [4 ounces applewoodsmoked bacon in one piece, cut into large chunks, 34 cup beef stock or broth, 1 12 cups apple cider vinegar, 12 cup white vinegar, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup ketchup, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, Kosher salt], title: North CarolinaStyle Vinegar Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: GweOVPH2xalC9jaSWaPxIFR86PSGiym}, 17692: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Mix together venison, curry powder, onion, garlic, parsley, rosemary and eggs. Roll into small cocktailsized meatballs. Place on a baking sheet, and bake in oven until brown and cooked through, about 20 to 25 minutes. Let rest. Take sundried phyllo cups, spoon chutney into each cup, place meatball on top and serve., ingredients: [1 pound ground venison, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary, chopped, 2 eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 sundried tomato phyllo cups available at gourmet stores, 1 jar chutney approximately 8 ounces recommended: Major Greys], title: Venison Curry Meatballs in SunDried Tomato Phyllo Cups, picturelink: mvgkSFA.JkjdQU3N7wCXT.anssrjEjC}, 17693: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 325 degrees F. Whisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, salt and cloves in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg and vanilla until just combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in the flour mixture until just incorporated.nFill a cookie press with the dough according to the manufacturers instructions. Press cookies about 1 inch apart onto 2 baking sheets. Decorate with sanding sugar.nBake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are set, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool 3 minutes on the baking sheets, then loosen with a thin spatula and let cool completely on the baking sheet.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground cloves optional, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Sanding sugar, for decorating], title: Cocoa Spritz Cookies, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 17694: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 17695: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the top of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Put the sweet potatoes on a rimmed baking sheet, and bake until forktender, 40 to 50 minutes. Let cool completely. The potatoes can be baked, cooled and refrigerated a day ahead. Split each in half lengthwise, and scoop out most of the flesh, leaving about a 14inch border all around. Save the scoopedout flesh for making mashed sweet potatoes later.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put a rack on a rimmed baking sheet. Arrange the potato skins skinside up on the rack, and brush with 2 tablespoons of the oil. Bake until the skins are slightly browned, 20 to 30 minutes. Let cool completely, then cut each in half crosswise.nArrange the pieces skinside down on the rack, and sprinkle each with mozzarella, Parmesan and scallions. Bake until the mozzarella melts, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the potato skins from the oven, and drizzle with the remaining tablespoon of oil. Top each with some salsa verde and avocado. Sprinkle with crushed chips., ingredients: [6 medium sweet potatoes about 2 12 pounds, 3 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup shredded partskim mozzarella, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 cup salsa verde, 12 avocado, pitted and cut into small pieces, 1 cup black bean chips, crushed], title: Sweet Potato Skins, picturelink: llIRgwvGhdworlVp1HRSZe8uq8HhDW}, 17696: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot of boiling salted water, cook the corn for 3 minutes until the starchiness is just gone. Drain and immerse it in ice water to stop the cooking and to set the color. When the corn is cool, cut the kernels off the cob, cutting close to the cob.nToss the kernels in a large bowl with the red onions, vinegar, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Just before serving, toss in the fresh basil. Taste for seasonings and serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [5 ears of corn, shucked, 12 cup smalldiced red onion 1 small onion, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup julienned fresh basil leaves], title: Fresh Corn Salad, picturelink: ygZ9vQo8R.jec94Z1nsN9jGkRpgJ.}, 17697: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nArrange an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter 6 10ounce ramekins. Set aside.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Drain. Using 2 cooked lasagna noodles in an x shape, line each ramekin, pushing the noodles gently into the bottom of the ramekins, allowing any excess pasta to overhang on the sides.nIn a food processor, blend the corn, cream and garlic until chunky. Add the mascarpone, 1 cup of the Pecorino Romano cheese, the lemon zest, salt, and pepper. Blend until smooth. Add the basil and pulse until just combined. Spoon 14 cup of the filling into the bottom of each ramekin and sprinkle with 2 tablespoons of the Provolone. Fold 2 overhanging pieces of pasta over the filling, trim the ends of the pasta with scissors, if necessary. Add another 14 cup of filling to each ramekin and top with another 2 tablespoons Provolone. Fold over the 2 remaining overhanging pieces of pasta.nSpoon any remaining filling on top of the pasta. Sprinkle the tops with the remaining 12 cup Pecorino Romano and drizzle with olive oil. Arrange the ramekins on a baking sheet and bake until the tops are golden brown and the filling is bubbling, about 25 to 30 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes.nTo serve: Run a knife around the edge of the ramekins to loosen the lasagnas. Unmold the lasagnas onto serving plates and serve., ingredients: [Butter, for ramekins, 12 lasagna sheets, 3 cups frozen corn kernels, thawed, 12 cup whipping cream, at room temperature, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup 8 ounces mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup 4 ounces finely grated Pecorino Romano, plus 12 cup 2 ounces, 1 large lemon, zested, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup packed chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 12 cups 6 ounces shredded sharp Provolone, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Special equipment: 6 10ounce ramekins, each 2 12 inches tall and 3 12 inches in diameter], title: Mini Lasagnas with Sweet Corn and Mascarpone, picturelink: 4SJeT7p8x0RKBFEkS2gbAf.iz9Otlui}, 17698: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the tomatoes in a medium bowl. Drizzle with 2 ounces oil and season with salt and pepper. Place seed side down on a lightly oiled baking sheet. Place in the oven and bake until the skins wrinkle and the tomatoes are soft, about 30 to 40 minutes.nRemove from the oven and cool. Peel the skins from the tomatoes and place in a colander over a bowl, to drain for about 20 minutes, occasionally pressing them to release juice. Reserve tomato juice for a later dish.nHeat 1ounce of oil in a saute pan over high heat. Add in the onions and cook until translucent, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add in garlic and chiles and cook for 1 minute. Remove and cool.nIn a medium bowl, combine the roasted tomatoes, parsley, scallions, oregano, and basil with the onion mixture. Add in the flour and bread crumbs and season with salt and pepper. Add more bread crumbs, if needed. Add sugar if tomato mix is acidic. Shape mixture into 2ounce patties.nHeat the remaining oil in a medium skillet over high heat to reach 375 degrees F. Turn heat to mediumhigh heat and place the patties into the skillet in small batches. Cook on both sides until golden brown. Add more oil as needed. Remove patties and drain on paper towels. Season with salt while warm., ingredients: [1 pound Roma tomatoes, halved, 2 ounces olive oil, plus 1 ounce, plus 5 ounces, for frying, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon finely chopped Calabrian chiles, 4 ounces parsley, finely chopped, 4 ounces scallions, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon finely chopped oregano leaves, 1 teaspoon finely chopped basil leaves, 4 ounces flour, 4 ounces bread crumbs panko preferably, but Italian is ok, Pinch granulated sugar, if needed], title: Tomato Patties: Domatokeftedes, picturelink: null}, 17699: {instructions: In a bowl place the egg yolks and vinegar over a medium saucepan of simmering water, whisking yolks and vinegar constantly. When reached a ribbon pattern consistency while continuing to whisk, remove from the heat. Whisk in melted butter slowly and season with salt and lemon juice.nCrepe Parmentier:nIn a mixing bowl, combine potato puree, flour, cream, eggs, and salt and mix well. Pass through a fine sieve to ensure there are no lumps. Heat 4 roesti pans with a teaspoon of oil in each. Spoon the mixture evenly into each pan once hot. Cook until edges become golden brown. Take the pans off the heat and place into a hot oven. Bake for about 8 to10 minutes and then finish under the salamander to get an even golden color.nServe with Hollandaise sauce., ingredients: [2 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vinegar, 1 cup butter, melted, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 2 cups cooked potato puree, 2 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 12 tablespoons cream, 5 eggs, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Crepe Parmentier Royale, picturelink: null}}